Game: 2007-jacksonville_jaguars-pittsburgh_steelers.txt
Year: 2007
Teams: jacksonville_jaguars, pittsburgh_steelers
Announcer: Al Michaels
============================================================

Welcome to Pittsburgh. The Jacksonville Jaguars come in as a wildcard despite having a better record than Pittsburgh. They finished 115 but second to Indianapolis in the AFC South. Last year, 88. Jack Del Rio, the coach, made a real gutsy move at the beginning of the season. He installed David Garrard as the quarterback over Byron Leftwich. Turned out to be a great move. They have a very potent offense. And every year, there's always a team that gets into the playoffs and a lot of the experts say, "That's the team you don't want to face." That team this year is the Jacksonville Jaguars. The Steelers finished with a mark of 106. Last year, 88 after they'd won the Super Bowl two years ago. Bill Cowher stepped aside after 15 seasons. Mike Tomlin took over as a rookie coach. Did very well. Their defense finished number one in the league, though it leaked over the past month. But the big problem for Pittsburgh Willie Parker, their great running back, might have won the rushing title. He's out. Broken leg. Aaron Smith, Pro Bowl defensive end He is out. Torn biceps. A lot of other impactful injuries. And so, John, what will the Steelers have to do to overcome these injuries and beat a hot Jacksonville team? &gt;&gt; This is just a great time. This is playoff time. Talking to Ben Roethlisberger the other day, he said, "I'm gonna have to run. There's nothing to hold back anymore. We don't have Willie Parker. We need some more running yards. I have to get some yardage with my legs." The other thing The last time they played, he was sacked five times. He said, "I've got to get the ball out of my hands." So I think we're gonna see Ben running more, and I think we're going to see the short, quicker passing. &gt;&gt; The Jacksonville Jaguars kind of under the radar. Never lost more than two games in a row this season. So how good is this team right now? Is this team good enough not only to give Pittsburgh a problem but New England as well? &gt;&gt; Well, this team was built to play in these kinds of games. You think, you know, Jacksonville, they're from Florida, they're gonna be smallertype guys. But these guys are big, strong, tough guys, and they do the things that you have to do in playoff football. They run the ball. They run it very well. And they stop the run. And because they can do that, their quarterback, David Garrard, can be very, very effective. &gt;&gt; And they came in here three weeks ago and beat the Steelers in a snowstorm, 2922. JaguarsSteelers coming up. We mentioned the Steeler injuries. There's another guy who was in question this week their great strong safety, Troy Polamalu. He has missed a lot of time with an injured knee over the past month. His status tonight for more on that, let's go to Andrea Kremer. &gt;&gt; Well, Al, they finally need some good news, and Troy Polamalu will play. As you say, he sprained his right knee earlier in the season, reinjured it December 20th, and has only been able to practice twice since then, including yesterday. He's wearing a brace, and he told me it's painful and does affect his cutting ability and his acceleration but won't change his role, his versatility. And I asked him, "How did you make the decision to play tonight?" And he said, "I'm a football player, not a football watcher." &gt;&gt; And it is January. There are the other injuries. We talked about Parker. Marvel Smith, their starting left tackle, out. So is Max Starks, a backup. Aaron Smith, Pro Bowler, and Allen Rossum is also out. That means Najeh Davenport, instead of Rossum, will run back kickoffs, which is interesting inasmuch as he's also their ace running back and he's backed up by an undrafted rookie, Gary Russell. So a little bit of a risk here to have Davenport running back kicks, but they have no option. Their other runback guy, Willie Reid, is inactive tonight. So here we go, with Jacksonville to kick off. Josh Scobee will send it into the night mist, and away we go from Heinz Field, with the kick fielded by Davenport at the 5yard line. And Najeh gets hit hard and is taken down. A lot of eyes tonight on that left tackle, Trai Essex, who was third on the depth chart in midseason but has to make the start tonight. From the 20yard line, on first down. Roethlisberger right to the air off a threestep drop. And a high throw for Ward. It'll be second down and 10. What kind of a year did Roethlisberger have? Probably the best in his four seasons in the league. Take a look at that. His rating 104, secondbest in the league. Only Tom Brady had a better one. And he threw 32 touchdown passes to eclipse a mark held for years by Terry Bradshaw. &gt;&gt; And he started off with that thing that we just talked about, that short, quick pass, like you said. Three steps. Get it out of his hands quickly. Avoid early sacks. &gt;&gt; And an empty backfield for the Steelers on second and 10. Fourman rush. Roethlisberger gets it away to his tight end, Heath Miller, who figures to play a very big role tonight. Third down and 4. Roethlisberger out of the gun. Fakes the inside handoff with Nate Washington coming inside. And then the pass is caught by Hines Ward. Across the 50 and finally slung down at the sideline at the 41yard line. And close to a penalty on the hit by Reggie Nelson at the end of the play. No flag, but a 31yard gain. &gt;&gt; Watch Ben Roethlisberger here. He's in the shotgun. He fakes that end around and then makes a bootleg off it. Then he's able to get out to the right, where he throws as well as anyone, and find Hines Ward down the field on a crossing pattern. &gt;&gt; And Nelson right on the edge. That should have been a penalty. There was no flag. Nelson hit him after he was out of bounds. Ward's longest gain of the regular season was 25 yards. That was good for 31. Now off the play fake and rolling. And he gets dragged down and a penalty for a horsecollar on John Henderson, number 98. Grabbed him inside the shoulder pads. So it would've been a sack and a big play for Jacksonville, as Jack Del Rio looks on. Will turn out to be a penalty. &gt;&gt; Personal foul. Horsecollar tackle. Defense, number 98. 15yard penalty. First down. [ Crowd cheering ] &gt;&gt; We can see what the Steelers are gonna do. That was the second bootleg in a row again moving Ben Roethlisberger, getting him outside. You see Henderson again on that horsecollar. All you have to do is get your hand in behind his jersey. At one time, you had to get it inside his shoulder pad. Now it's just inside his jersey. &gt;&gt; And in the meantime, that's Henderson who gets shaken up at the end of the play. So he's on the sideline. And that would be a big loss. First and 10 from the 34yard line. Roethlisberger quickly to Ward, who cuts back inside off a Miller block and takes it inside the 30. He's tackled there by the middle linebacker, Daryl Smith. &gt;&gt; Remember the old Bill Walsh offense, where you had those passes in lieu of runs? And I think that's the same thing that Mike Tomlin is doing here with this offense, is these short, quick passes. They don't have Willie Parker, so how do you make up for it? I think we're seeing how you make up for it. &gt;&gt; Second and 5. We talked about Henderson still on the bench. Marcus Stroud, their other great tackle, on injured reserve. So the rookie Derek Landri, 66, out of Notre Dame, is in there right now. Second down and 5. To the outside. It is Ward. And that'll be a first down. He gets taken down by Brian Williams. So a good opening drive for the Pittsburgh Steelers. &gt;&gt; I'll tell you, the Steelers are doing a good job of pass protection. Last time they sacked Ben Roethlisberger five times. This time you see them coming on the stunt, but again, Ben is getting back there and getting the ball out of his hand quickly. I think the last time they played, he held the ball too long in the pocket. &gt;&gt; The Jaguars are the only team of the 32 in the NFL not to give up a touchdown on an opening drive during the regular season. Right now Pittsburgh is at the 18yard line. And here's Davenport. Through the middle. Inside the 10. And he'll have a first down at the 7yard line. It'll be first and goal after an 11yard run. He goes in behind Faneca and Miller, two good guys to follow. &gt;&gt; And that's the old thing where you have the pass to set up the run. You pass and pass and pass. You get them to rush the passer, get up the field, and then you just hit Najeh Davenport right inside. Look at that hole. Last time they played, they couldn't control this group. Tonight, thus far, they are controlling that group. &gt;&gt; First and goal, 3½ minutes into the game. Roethlisberger, pump fake. To the outside. Caught. And reaching for the end zone and going down was Matt Spaeth, the rookie tight end. And they're gonna say he was down. The ball came out, but it was whistled dead at the 1yard line. The rookie thirdround draft choice out of Minnesota. Take a look at this. The whistle sounded. Down he goes. Is he down? Ball comes out before he's down. &gt;&gt; I think that is a very, very dangerous thing that Matt Spaeth just did. He may dodge a bullet here, but that is still dangerous. I think too many players are starting to do that you know, putting that ball out there to extend it to the goal line. &gt;&gt; Scott Green is the referee. The whistle had sounded. &gt;&gt; Jacksonville is challenging the ruling on the field. &gt;&gt; Jack Del Rio challenged. If you take a look at the replay, as we have during the commercial here, the knee appears to be down before the ball comes out. So we're going to assume right now that Pittsburgh will retain possession. &gt;&gt; After reviewing the play, the ruling on the field stands. The runner's knee was down prior to him losing possession of the ball. Jacksonville is charged with a timeout. [ Crowd cheering ] &gt;&gt; I still think Matt Spaeth has to learn a lesson here. Just hold on to this thing. See? His knee is down right there before the ball comes out. It doesn't cross the goal line. It's not a touchdown anyway. But he didn't fumble until after his knee was down. &gt;&gt; The side judge blew the whistle. What that means is that Take a look at Henderson going back on the cart. Even though the whistle had blown as Nelson was taking off with the fumble the supposed fumble the defense could have been given the ball had that been a fumble, had his knee not been down. Now on second down and goal. And this is Davenport trying to chug his way into the end zone. And there is no signal yet as he tries to burrow his way through that Jacksonville defense, now minus Henderson. And they will come up inches shy. It'll be third down. &gt;&gt; One of the guys that plays very well in this Jacksonville defense is the middle linebacker, Daryl Smith. I mean, he hits that thing perfectly. That's what you have to do. When they come to you, you have to go to them. You have to meet that lead blocker in the hole and knock him back where he came from. Daryl Smith just did that. &gt;&gt; Tight formation. Miller in motion. Third and goal. Here goes Davenport. Into the end zone! [ Crowd cheering ] 4 minutes and 57 seconds, with the opening kickoff, big personal foul on the horsecollar, a play on which Henderson also got hurt. He comes out of the game, and the Pittsburgh Steelers drive 80 yards with the opening kickoff. &gt;&gt; The lead block that time Carey Davis got a better block on Daryl Smith than he did the play before. And that was the difference in no touchdown and touchdown. &gt;&gt; Jeff Reed for the point after. Daniel Sepulveda will hold it. Greg Warren to snap it. Jack Del Rio, in five seasons at Jacksonville 316 when he takes the lead, when he scores first. But when the opponents score first, he loses two out of three. &gt;&gt; And as a coach, you don't want to make too big a thing of that, because what happens if what just happened when you don't score first? don't score first? &gt;&gt; Reed's kick fielded by Maurice JonesDrew! Out past the 40. And a great runback, as he's inside the Pittsburgh 40. Great moves! Inside the 20yard line! JonesDrew will be taken down at about the 1½. Anthony Madison, for the moment, saves the touchdown. And so David Garrard will come out after a 96yard runback by JonesDrew, who is the alternate running back. He and Fred Taylor share time out of the backfield. &gt;&gt; What a player he is. It's not a lot of moves here. He just saw a little crack there. And it was a wedge middle, and he just took it straight up the middle. Then he got into that third level before he started to make his moves. Watch the wedge right there, and watch the hole that they make for him. And Maurice JonesDrew just boom! he just powers right through that hole, and then he's out in the open field. Good wedge block. &gt;&gt; Great runback guy in high school and in college at UCLA. Averaged 26 yards a runback this year. And they give it to Fred Taylor. And Taylor is...not yet in. And now they signal he is. The line judge comes in and says Fred Taylor has just scored. &gt;&gt; That's the old onetwo punch. JonesDrew and then Fred Taylor in any order. &gt;&gt; [ Laughs ] 96 and 1. &gt;&gt; [ Laughs ] That's not bad. I remember JonesDrew in high school, De La Salle High School. He was doing those same types of things then. And I was watching him in the pregame warmups, and he looked like the same guy. I mean, he doesn't look any different now than he did at De La Salle High School. &gt;&gt; Hampton gets spun out of the play. So that's deflating for the Steelers, who looked so good on that opening drive. Then the 96yard runback, the 1yard run by Taylor. Josh Scobee will try to tie the game, which he does. Heinz Field is the site. What a start. 77. Scobee to kick off. Davenport fields at the 16. And gets taken down at the 28yard line as we check in with Andrea. &gt;&gt; Well, for the Jaguars, John Henderson, the best runstopper on their defensive line, has a strained right hamstring. They were looking at him on the sidelines. He stood up. Couldn't put any weight on it. So they carted him into the locker room. They're checking him out. They're going to tape it up, try to wrap it up, and his return is questionable. &gt;&gt; John, hard to have a strained right hamstring at 335 pounds, but Albert Haynesworth of Tennessee was fighting one as well. &gt;&gt; Big old guys like that never pulled hamstrings before. Imagine the guy that has to tape it. &gt;&gt; [ Laughs ] &gt;&gt; And how much tape it's gonna take. &gt;&gt; Exactly. Grady Jackson takes Henderson's spot. Here goes Davenport now. And he'll get taken down up at the 35yard line. Clint Ingram is there. Davenport started his career with the Green Bay Packers. Four years there. He was at Miami. Played behind Edgerrin James when he first got there. Played behind Clinton Portis for a while. Now he'll come out of the game, and Gary Russell, the undrafted rookie, will come in. And there's Willie Parker. Parker was leading the league in rushing when he got hurt against St. Louis in the Thursdaynight game. So he is done for the season. And here is Russell, rookie from the University of Minnesota. Second down and 4. Roethlisberger pressured. Rolling away. He's tough when he rolls out. And he's able to find his man for a first down. That's Gary Russell making the catch. His most extensive action of the season last week, when Tomlin rested a lot of the regulars. He carried the ball six times, did Russell, in their finale against Baltimore. &gt;&gt; It's interesting. The Jaguars wanted to make Ben run left. If he was gonna escape, they wanted him to escape to his left, just like that, because they didn't think that he threw the ball as well running to his left, obviously, as he does to his right. Running to his right, he is very, very dangerous. &gt;&gt; Davenport is back in the game. He gets it. To the 45yard line. John, when you look at Roethlisberger, he's very dangerous out of the pocket, especially to the right. He's very dangerous when he gets contact. He gets sacked a lot about three times a game but when he's able to escape contact, he's been very proficient. And he almost never has a pass deflected at the line of scrimmage. &gt;&gt; He's so big and strong that he can always find a lane. And then, if you get a hand on him, that doesn't mean anything. You'd better get a couple hands on him. He is very, very difficult to get to the ground. &gt;&gt; Light rain falling. We began in a mist. And this is Davenport going nowhere, as he gets stopped in his tracks by Bobby McCray, number 93, the fourthyear defensive end from the University of Florida. &gt;&gt; You know, the guy that played real well against the Steelers last time is 92, Rob Meier. He's the guy right here. Now he's playing here, with Grady Jackson, and the two of these guys I mean, that is a load in the middle. And if you can just get a standoff You're not gonna get any movement on those guys. If you can just get a standoff, you might find a hole. &gt;&gt; Meier finally getting some appreciation. A seventhround pick back in 2000. &gt;&gt; He's a good player. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Tom Coughlin drafted him. On third and 7. Roethlisberger starts to run up the middle but will come up about 3 yards shy of the first down. Brent Hawkins, 57, is there for the stop. Clock ticking down to 7 minutes. And the punt unit comes in. &gt;&gt; One of the things the Steelers talked about is they're always gonna help, over here, their left tackle, Trai Essex, and they're going to get a bump on him and a chip on him. And they did that, but I'll tell you, the speed of Brent Hawkins He was able to come off the double, come off the chip, and still get Roethlisberger before he got the first down. &gt;&gt; The rookie Daniel Sepulveda, picked in the fourth round out of Baylor, sends this one down to the 6yard line. This is Dennis Northcutt bringing it back to the 9. Good coverage by the Steeler special teams. So David Garrard now takes over for only their second play. Look at that 18 touchdowns, only three interceptions in 325 attempts. He had a very consistent and solid year. Garrard's sixth year out of East Carolina. Begins this drive from his own 9yard line. Only the second play they have run tonight. And here goes Taylor. Looking for room to the outside. Fred picks up a tough 3. Pashos came over from Baltimore. You'll never get rid of Chief Illiniwek, but S.C. did the other day in the Rose Bowl. Here's a flag on second and 8. And it's Clark Haggans who came across the line. The linebacker. Always the strength of the Pittsburgh unit, the 34 defense. &gt;&gt; Offside. Defense, number 53. 5yard penalty. Second down. &gt;&gt; That's Clark Haggans, the leftside linebacker, strongside linebacker. One of the things Mike Tomlin was talking about was to get that strongside linebacker to come down and help on those inside runs. They thought last time that the strong backer, that Haggans, wasn't doing a good job of just riding that tight end in. So you're going to see him again up tight on that tight end, and as they start to run inside, him take the tight end down and close off that hole. &gt;&gt; Second and 3 from the 16yard line. You saw Polamalu come up into the picture. And Taylor shoves his way for a gain of 2. He's out to the 18yard line. Tackled there by Harrison, setting up third and short. &gt;&gt; You saw Here's Troy Polamalu now. This is called, you know, blowing up a gap. And that's exactly what the Steelers are trying to do is not sit back and wait, not let Fred Taylor have those cuts, but get in there and blow up the gaps on them. Troy Polamalu had a perfect one there. There's a guy that didn't practice all week. We were there Friday. He wasn't even out there on Friday. He practiced a little yesterday. And he said, "There's a game to be played. That's where I want to be." &gt;&gt; Third and a short 2. And they give it to JonesDrew. And he angles his way for a first down. So JonesDrew looked like he was stopped. Then he got small, as the saying goes. Steelers have been leaking over the last four games 24 or more points. But they still wound up number one in the league in defense, meaning they allowed the least yardage. As you see the rain coming down as hard as it has since the start of the game. This field, generally considered to be the worst in the league. And if you saw the Mondaynight game against Miami, there's no doubt about that. The snowstorm the snowstorm against Jacksonville. But they haven't played a game here in 20 days, so the field is actually in good shape. Here's JonesDrew on first down, after the timeout was taken by Jacksonville, for a gain of 2. David Garrard got the job. He was the backup to Byron Leftwich last year. Leftwich got hurt. Garrard took over. But Garrard, at the end of the season, wound up getting benched in the final game. Jack Del Rio then said, in February, "I'm gonna go back to Leftwich as my guy." Leftwich was the starter until the eve of the season, when Del Rio had to make a really gutsy call, because he not only made Garrard the numberone guy. He had to release Leftwich, who wound up with Atlanta. Second down and 9 from the 21yard line. And Garrard nearly gets sacked. Now he's gonna pack it in. He can run. And he picks up a first down. And, John, that is the kind of move for a coach where if it works out as it does, you'll look good. If it doesn't, you could get fired. &gt;&gt; Yeah. That's the tough thing about it, is when you waive the guy, as they did Byron Leftwich, there's no going back. I mean, we've all made that type of thing where we change quarterbacks and put one over the other. But if it doesn't work out, we can always say, "Okay. Let's go back to the way we were." When you waive the guy, you're at the point of no return. You say, "Byron Leftwich, you're gone. David Garrard, you have to do it." &gt;&gt; And it's not as if he just came up. He's been with the team since '02. Play fake. And he gets it away. And the pass is caught on the right side by Marcedes Lewis. And Lewis cuts to the inside, the tight end, after Nick Eason forced the issue by getting Garrard to throw it. And that will be a first down. A gain of 11. &gt;&gt; We talk about Roethlisberger being a big guy. David Garrard is a big guy. He's only 6'1", but he's about 250 pounds. And if you looked at his legs, he is very, very strong and powerful. And he's a good athlete and a good runner, and he can make plays and throws like that. &gt;&gt; There's Lewis, the tight end out of UCLA. Numberone pick in '06. 2 minutes to go in the quarter. First down and 10. Taylor. Gain of 2. &gt;&gt; The Steeler defense, they got lit up with the run the last time they played Jacksonville. And they are really, really attacking the line of scrimmage. I mean, they're bringing linebackers, they're bringing Polamalu, they're hitting it all the time. &gt;&gt; Over the middle. And that's incomplete on second and 8. Intended for Richard Angulo, the backup tight end. You know, it's funny. Garrard is such an engaging guy, John. We were talking last night, and I said, "Put yourself in the third person. You're talking about a quarterback who has three interceptions in 325 attempts." &gt;&gt; They all have some that are very close to being reception or being intercepted. And, you know, those have gone his way most of the year. &gt;&gt; Threebyone receiver formation. And that is knocked down by Brett Keisel, the defensive left end, who knocks it down at the line of scrimmage. Ben Roethlisberger likes that. He'll be back on the field after the punt. Fourth and 8. &gt;&gt; That's where they want to get the pressure. You can see Keisel starts like he's a linebacker, and then he just comes right up the middle. And he's a tall guy. And you see him right in here. He's 6'5". So he gets that push up the middle and then gets his hands up. &gt;&gt; Here's the rookie kicker, Adam Podlesh, booting one that bounces inside the 5 but then hops into the end zone. The only loss for the Steelers was that last one, Week 15 at home. Mike Tomlin wanted the guys to remember that. So all week at the Steeler facility, he had the game tape playing on a loop. So there's the video, and the guys heard all they wanted to of Greg Gumbel and Dan Dierdorf they did a great job on that game their voices heard throughout the complex all week. It's almost like torture, in a way. Some of those guys would have rather been waterboarded this week. &gt;&gt; It was torture, because he took away the remote. &gt;&gt; [ Laughs ] &gt;&gt; He put it on there and said, "And don't think about changing it, because you don't have anything to change it with." Said, boy, was it annoying. &gt;&gt; John Henderson comes back into the game after they had taken him to the locker room. Off the fake. Rolling left. Roethlisberger surveys and throws underneath as he checks it down to the tight end, Heath Miller, who's made so many big plays this season and one right here for a gain of 14 yards. &gt;&gt; That's a great thing when you see a tight end, you know, have to take a divot off his helmet. [ Chuckles ] Then you've got real football going. But I think that was a key breaker there, because you expect Ben Roethlisberger, when he's going to run, to run or bootleg to his right. That time, that was an organized run, and it was a bootleg to his left with Heath Miller, the tight end, coming across the field. &gt;&gt; You could grow geraniums on Miller's helmet right now. Roethlisberger stepping up. Feeling the pressure. Going deep. And swatted away. Intended for Holmes, and that's Clint Ingram, the linebacker, who goes back all the way down the field to cover a guy who's a bigplay guy, Santonio Holmes. &gt;&gt; I think John Henderson has just gone off the field again. And you see him right here. Once you lose that hamstring or you don't have the full strength of the hamstring, you don't get any push. And you see he's just taking a walk in the park there. There's no way right now that he can go on that leg. And if that's all that he can offer, they're better taking him out. &gt;&gt; Gary Russell is in the backfield. Derek Landri takes Henderson's spot along the defensive front. And on second down and 10, this is Russell. He'll take it to the 35, and that takes us to the end of a good first quarter. Back in Pittsburgh. Al Michaels, John Madden, Andrea Kremer. In the history of NFL postseason matchups, when you have two quarterbacks, each with a 100 rating for the season It's only happened six times, including tonight. And take a look at some of those matchups, going all the way back to Len Dawson and Bart Starr, Marino and Montana in '84. Chris Chandler twice in the '98 playoffs the year Atlanta went to the Super Bowl. These guys finished second and third in pass rating this season, with Tom Brady, of course, number one. Third down and 8 as we begin the second stanza, with Roethlisberger under pressure. And he's gonna go down in the arms of Paul Spicer, number 95, who had a sack in the last meeting between these teams three weeks ago. Eighthyear end out of Saginaw Valley State and a real good one. &gt;&gt; Right. And I was just gonna say, that's Ben Roethlisberger's "yeah, but," and that's not in the quarterback rating He was sacked 47 times this year. And again, part of it is him. He's trying to make the big play, hold the ball. Part of it is the offensive line. And again, a big part of it is the defense going after him on third and long. &gt;&gt; So he gets sacked about three times a game, as Sepulveda sends this one to the 27. Dennis Northcutt. Straight up the middle. He'll bring it back to the 39yard line with 26 seconds gone in the second quarter. David Garrard. That 102 rating third in the league. He had an 80orbetter passer rating We know passer rating is not the beall, endall. I understand that. But don't throw the baby out with the bathwater. What this really means When you look at third down, he's been terrific on that. Only three picks. If you had 80 or better in every game, it means you've had a very consistent year and you really haven't played a lousy game. And we asked him last night, "Did you play a lousy game this year?" He said, "No." &gt;&gt; And the big thing is they're 115 and they're in the playoffs. That's the record, that's the stat that's the most important and the biggest. &gt;&gt; From the 39yard line. Garrard under pressure. And he's gonna get it away, but they're gonna say he was, I believe, in the grasp, at the 26yard line, of LaMarr Woodley. And Garrard is gonna try to plead his case and say he was throwing to somebody, and Scott Green is not gonna buy it. &gt;&gt; What he's saying is he was outside the tackle box. Again, Travis Kirschke comes on the inside. What they did last time is they kept their defensive ends outside. This time, they're pinching them. They're getting in tighter and getting in David Garrard's face. They're not letting him step up and have those lanes between the nose tackle and defensive ends. &gt;&gt; He was trying to shovel it to Taylor at the end, but it's a 13yard sack for Woodley. And now they give it to Taylor. And Taylor can't get out of the backfield. Farrior broke up the play. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And that's a big thing. And that's what the Steelers were talking about that they had to do with their threeman line. They had to get penetration. And they have to get penetration with their inside guys. James Farrior is number 51. And you see him come right here, and he gets the penetration. And when he makes that hit, it's 3 yards in the Jaguars' backfield. That's what they're doing tonight that they didn't do the last time they played. &gt;&gt; Third down and 25 from the Jacksonville 24yard line. &gt;&gt; This is that 245 two defensive linemen, four linebackers, five defensive backs. &gt;&gt; And here they come. And the pass is caught over the middle by Reggie Williams. And he'll take it to the 40yard line. Well shy of the first down. Williams, their numberone draft choice in '04 out of Washington. And Reggie has not really lived up to the expectations that they had for him when they drafted him number one, but still, he's a guy who winds up getting into the end zone a lot. Caught 38 passes this year, 10 of those for touchdowns. &gt;&gt; And the closer you get to the goal line I mean, he's very, very effective in the red zone. &gt;&gt; Podlesh, a rookie out of Maryland, sends it down to the 6yard line. Flag is thrown. Cedrick Wilson to run it back. with Rossum injured, Wilson's seeing puntreturn duty tonight. And a penalty marker at the 48yard line of the Jaguars. &gt;&gt; Jack Del Rio looking on there. Jack has done a heck of a job with this group. He's kind of built the team. You know, you think of the Jaguars, like we said earlier, from Florida, as a certain type of team. &gt;&gt; Illegal motion. 42, kicking team. 5yard penalty. We'll replay fourth down. &gt;&gt; Chad Nkang. &gt;&gt; You know, he came in here, and he built a big, strong, tough, physical, good defense, good running team. And you don't really expect that from Florida. So they can come from Florida and they can play a playoff game like this on the road and be very effective. &gt;&gt; It's interesting. You think of the Jaguars and Del Rio basing a lot of their success on defense. So I said, "What's the better part of your team?" Last night we asked him. And he said, "It's the offense." I said, "How long has that been the case?" He said, "About two months." And that's the case. Through November and December, they put up a lot of points. Garrard's been great. Taylor and JonesDrew have been tremendous as a onetwo punch, and they have been scoring points in bunches. &gt;&gt; And that's the advantage of being a head coach you can go either way. If the defense is doing well, you can say, "Yeah. I'm a defensive guy." If the offense starts going well, then you go over to that side. If neither one go well, then you become Brian Billick. &gt;&gt; [ Laughs ] Podlesh to punt. Each team with a rookie punter, each team drafting that rookie in the fourth round. Podlesh angles this kick. Fair catch is called for and made at the 16yard line. From the 16yard line. Here's Davenport to the outside. That's where Willie Parker really excels, when he gets out on the edge. But not Davenport. He's more of a straightahead guy. No gain. Second and 10. &gt;&gt; The strength of this Jaguars defense is the inside their two defensive tackles and their middle linebacker. So I think the Steelers are thinking early that they don't want to run right at them. They don't want to run between the guards. They want to run on those edges. If you have Willie Parker, that makes a lot of sense, but if you have Najeh Davenport I mean, he's a downhill runner, and he's not gonna run edges as well. &gt;&gt; It could be a little softer, of course, with the actions of Henderson, who they hope can get back in the game. It's second down and 10. Roethlisberger throws. And that's dropped by Holmes. Santonio Holmes was there. Rashean Mathis, who's been to the Pro Bowl, on the coverage. Third and 10. &gt;&gt; I don't know, with Grady Jackson in there, though, if you'll have a lot of soft spots. That's one of the matchups that the Jaguars have there, is Rashean Mathis goes wherever Santonio Holmes goes. What they try and do is take away Holmes and then make them go to the other wide receivers, which isn't bad. I mean, you still have Hines Ward there and Heath Miller. But Santonio Holmes would be the bigplay or the deepplay threat. &gt;&gt; Fourman rush on third and 10. And that pass in traffic! May have been deflected! Caught by Ward! Ward out past the 45. And then a stiffarm into the face of Durant. It looked like Heath Miller was the intended receiver. He got a finger on it, and it winds up in the arms of Hines Ward. Out to the 50yard line on third and 10. &gt;&gt; It was deflected. It's not the first time a ball has ever been deflected here. I'll tell you, Hines Ward very alertly comes in and picks that thing off and then keeps going with it. You see Ben Roethlisberger. He looks downfield. Makes a pretty good throw there. A little high. Then it goes right in back in there to Hines Ward. Ben Roethlisberger is having a little trouble with his gloves now. &gt;&gt; That was the Immaculate... What? Deflection? &gt;&gt; That does happen. You're in Pittsburgh. &gt;&gt; Like I said, you gave that up about, what, three weeks ago? Hanging on to that? &gt;&gt; And then I saw that deflection there, and I just took it back, and I'm sorry. I give it up again. &gt;&gt; The Immaculate Deflection. Second down and 11 from the 49yard line. And that's intercepted by Rashean Mathis! And he's into Pittsburgh territory. Inside the 30 with a convoy and all the way, but a flag is down back at the 45yard line of the Jaguars. Intended for Santonio Holmes. Intercepted by Mathis. For the moment, a touchdown. We'll see about Scott Green's call. &gt;&gt; We were just talking about Rashean Mathis, the best of the Jaguar corners, playing mantoman or covering Santonio Holmes. And, you know, last time, Ben Roethlisberger stayed away from Santonio Holmes because of that. This time, he said, "Well, I want to take a look over there," and maybe not so fast. Rashean Mathis is a good corner. He's not a Pro Bowl player this year. In fact, the Jaguars don't have a Pro Bowl player this year, but Rashean Mathis was in the Pro Bowl a year ago. &gt;&gt; Conference for the official's flag all the way back at the 45. &gt;&gt; After the interception, there was a low block by the defense, which was Pittsburgh. Touchdown. It was number 33. Penalty will be enforced on the kickoff. &gt;&gt; Penalty on Gary Russell. Mathis all the way for the touchdown on the pass intended for Santonio Holmes. &gt;&gt; You'll see the interception here. And Rashean Mathis is in a cover 2 here, so he had help over the top. There was a safety behind him. And now, because he had that safety deep, he was able to jump that. So when he saw that threestep drop and he saw that slant, he just jumped it. [ Whistle blows ] &gt;&gt; Well, the Seahawks earlier today two interceptions returned for touchdowns. Now Jacksonville, on this one by Mathis That's a 63yard return, with the penalty to be tacked on on the kickoff. And the Jacksonville Jaguars with the lead for the first time in the game as Josh Scobee lines up for the extra point to make it 147. Rashean Mathis, who went to the Pro Bowl last year. One of the reasons he went to the Pro Bowl on a Mondaynight game, he had two interceptions against Ben Roethlisberger. Then this year, just that one pick all season, even though he has 21 career interceptions. And he runs this one back for a touchdown to make it 147. &gt;&gt; Sometimes after you make the Pro Bowl as a corner, the next year, they just stay away from you. And I think that's one of the things with Mathis. &gt;&gt; Scobee got to kick that one off from the Pittsburgh 45. So an easy touchback, and the Steelers take over at the 20. Back to the pick we go. &gt;&gt; Here he is here. And again, it's a zone. You see the zone back here. He's gonna have a safety over the top, so he can take a little chance. But when he sees the shotgun and the threestep drop, he's keying that. So he knows that with that short threestep drop from the shotgun, he knows when Ben has to throw it. So he keyed when he was throwing it and he jumped it. I think Ben tried to look him off. He looked into the middle then came back to the right, expecting Mathis to get deeper. And he just didn't. &gt;&gt; From the 20 now. Davenport. He's gonna get knocked down in the backfield. That's Grady Jackson, a tough guy to get around when you're running straight up the middle. At 6'2" and 345 pounds listed, anyway. &gt;&gt; Right. That's what I was thinking when you said that they get Henderson out of there that it may be a little soft inside. And I'll tell you, when you have this big guy here at 345 pounds, nothing's gonna be soft. Because Grady Jackson still has that first two, three step is very, very quick. &gt;&gt; Jackson started the year at Atlanta. Unceremonious departure, and he winds up playing for Jacksonville and in postseason. Second down and 15. Ben. Going deep into double coverage, and that's gonna be picked off again. And that is Mathis at the 46yard line. And they are gonna stay he stayed in bounds, and he's able to run it back all the way down to about the 20. So Roethlisberger, again, picked off twice last year in the regularseason game by Mathis. And now picked off twice tonight. &gt;&gt; We were talking about Grady Jackson and that first couple steps. And he still gets a push. Watch. He's the guy that slips through right there. How, at 345, you slip through anything, I have no idea. But he was the guy that flushed Ben Roethlisberger to the outside. You see, here's Mathis. He's playing a zone here. He has Holmes in front of him. And when he goes short, he just keeps going back and back and back. And it's to Najeh Davenport, and he picks it off. &gt;&gt; And here's a challenge flag, because Mike Tomlin's going to say that he was out of bounds. If nothing else, I think his hair was out of bounds. &gt;&gt; But that was a big or two big plays in a row by Grady Jackson. As you say, they lose John Henderson, and Grady Jackson comes in. &gt;&gt; Pittsburgh is challenging the ruling on the field. &gt;&gt; They're challenging the ruling after the interception. "By a hair" will have a whole new meaning after this. I think what's gonna happen is the interception will count but Mathis will not be given credit for the runback. Watch this. He has possession. Hand goes down. Knee goes down. And then, as he gets up, his hair is out of bounds. Your hair is part of the body. If he has a crew cut, he probably has a 20yard return. But with dreadlocks, they're gonna probably rule him down at that spot. &gt;&gt; After reviewing the play, the defender, after making the interception, his leg was touched. He's down by contact. Ball will be at the 46yard line. Please reset the game clock to 9:30. &gt;&gt; Well, either way, he's down by contact barely. But he would've been down anyway, because your hair is part of your body, and that would've been out of bounds as well. &gt;&gt; Right. But you see his knee goes down. He has the ball. So it is an interception. And like you said, the hair is out of bounds. So they say down by contact. &gt;&gt; I don't see where he's down by contact. by contact either. &gt;&gt; I don't see where he's down &gt;&gt; No. He's not down by contact. But the hair was out of bounds. &gt;&gt; Right. I think it would be better to use that one. &gt;&gt; At the 46yard line. Maurice JonesDrew is the running back here on first down. They swing it out to JonesDrew. And the pass is incomplete. It'll be second and 10. You know how important winning the turnover battle is during the regular season. Well, take a look at this in the playoffs. Since they went to the expanded format of 12 teams in 1990, if you're plus one, you win about 70% of the time. If you're plus two in that margin, you'll win about seven out of eight times. Three or more, the teams are 603. &gt;&gt; Don't you feel that just everything in the playoffs is magnified? &gt;&gt; Absolutely. That's why we love them. Second and 10 at the 46. Taylor. And the 31yearold soontobe 32yearold Fred Taylor stopped by Brett Keisel. It's time to appreciate Fred Taylor, isn't it, John? At 31 years old, it's well known, hasn't been to the Pro Bowl. But he'll probably go in as the first alternate, because Willie Parker would have gone, but he's hurt. Taylor will probably get that trip to Hawaii. &gt;&gt; Yeah, and you just like the way the guy plays. He's something special. He's a great team player, a tough guy, a very good runner. And if you say, "Who is the face of the Jacksonville Jaguars?" It has to be Fred Taylor. &gt;&gt; Taylor picked in the first round out of Florida back in '98. Now Garrard throws. And that's caught by JonesDrew! He's inside the 20. Inside the 10. And JonesDrew in for the touchdown. Maurice JonesDrew, who had that 96yard runback to take them down to the 1, whence Taylor scored on the opening drive, goes 43 yards on a third and 7. &gt;&gt; Isn't that something? You know, you have wide receivers. You have tight ends. And then, in addition to all that, you have a guy like JonesDrew that you can just put out, just get the ball in his hands, get it in his hands in the open field, and there's no way that a linebacker has a chance against him. Defensive backs don't have a This guy is a very, very special player. &gt;&gt; James Farrior was covering on the play, but not very well. Mismatch there. Scobee for the extra point. What a onetwo combination that is. There's Dick LeBeau, the 70yearold defensive coordinator. Just watched his team give up a thirddown touchdown on a swing to JonesDrew. Now Scobee to kick off. Fielded by Najeh Davenport. From the 3yard line. Coverage is good. And he's tackled at the 21yard line. And back we go to JonesDrew. The combined yardage And he was that kind of a player, as John said, in high school. At UCLA, same thing. 4 yards rushing, 43 receiving, that 96yard return. That's 143 combined yards for JonesDrew. &gt;&gt; You know, he's only 5'7", but he was never a type of guy that you said, "Oh, he's too small." I remember him, again, back in high school, and he was Maurice Drew, and I never heard anyone say anything but, "This guy is a great, great player." As you said, that's the way he was in high school, in college, that's the way he is in the NFL. &gt;&gt; Davenport gets gang tackled. He was raised by his grandparents, and when his grandfather, whose surname was Jones, died, he took the name Jones along with Drew. So that's how he became Maurice JonesDrew. &gt;&gt; But he is something special. I mean, they have him, you know, as a shortyardage runner. He's a pass receiver. He's a, you know, goalline runner. And he's also a heck of a kick returner, as we've seen tonight. &gt;&gt; And he's the backup back, in a way. [ Laughs ] He plays behind Fred Taylor! &gt;&gt; Look when you add up all those yards. He gets it. &gt;&gt; Second and 13. Here's Roethlisberger. Under pressure. And he'll get slung down at the 14yard line. He got sacked five times the last time these two teams played. And that's Jeremy Mincey who gets the sack. &gt;&gt; It's the same problem they had last time. They'd get pressure from the outside and then pressure right up the middle. And when he goes to step up, they had no place to go. And that's the thing that they did to them in the first game. And you see them getting that big push right up the middle. It doesn't look like the Steelers, offensively, have a plan. You can't say, "What is their running plan? What is their passing plan?" I don't see it. &gt;&gt; Not since the first drive, anyway. Third down and 16. Roethlisberger almost releases it. Now he'll pack it in. And he's gonna get dumped at the 11yard line. The crowd starts to boo. That's already four sacks. Derek Landri, the rookie out of Notre Dame, fifthround pick, gets that sack. Four times Ben has gone down. &gt;&gt; And Derek Landri is kind of a changeup defensive tackle. He makes a spin move there. Starts to the right, turns back to the left, and catches Ben Roethlisberger from behind. That is a heck of a play. They kind of have these big, strong guys inside. Then, when they put Landri in, he's a change of pace. &gt;&gt; Sepulveda's kick. Letting it bounce. Beanbag comes in, which means the ball was touched by Greg Warren, at the 46yard line. So David Garrard comes in. Very engaging fellow. We talked about the fact that Jack Del Rio had to make that choice. He was born in New Jersey. His parents separated. His mother moved the family to Durham, North Carolina, and then she died of breast cancer when David was 14. He had a brother who was 22 at that time who put his life on hold to help raise the family. So he grew up in Durham. He was only recruited by a couple of schools as a quarterback. Tennessee wanted him as a defender. And he opted to go to East Carolina because he wanted to play quarterback. And here he is leading the Jaguars into the playoffs as Taylor takes the handoff and brings it out to the 50yard line. &gt;&gt; He said when he first went to East Carolina, he weighed 268 pounds and they talked about playing him as a nose tackle. He quickly lost 20 of those pounds. But, you know, he's a big guy. And I said, "Well, what would've happened to you had they played you at nose tackle?" He said, "That never would've happened. I'm too good an athlete." Look at his legs. I mean, just look at from the 9 on down. I mean, he is a big, powerful guy. &gt;&gt; Second down and 7 from the 49yard line. Taylor into Pittsburgh territory. And Taylor will bull his way right through the middle of that defense. You can see the frustration written over Polamalu's body language as he gets to the 40yard line. First down. &gt;&gt; Fred Taylor says that when you play a threeman line, you have to have patience. You get in. You press the hole. You see, you get into the hole at the line of scrimmage, let your offensive line work, and then make your cuts. Some backs would've cut like 4 yards away from that. He pressed it, got into the hole, made his cut later, and then found a pretty good hole. &gt;&gt; JonesDrew on the sideline. Taylor in the backfield. Taylor through the middle. Fred, who had 147 rushing yards three weeks ago here, picks up 8. Tyrone Carter makes the tackle. And tonight Fred Taylor has now carried the ball a total of nine times for 29 yards. &gt;&gt; And look at that. Talking about nine There's nine guys in the box to stop this thing. And again, here's the patience. He gets in there. He waits. And then he makes another move, then waits again, and then he gets that third push. &gt;&gt; That time, he had a fullback in there. Greg Jones comes in from time to time to lead the way. And here's JonesDrew behind Greg Jones right now on second and 1. And they give it to JonesDrew. And JonesDrew Mighty Mouse, the Bowling Ball, whatever he's got about a hundred nicknames picks up the first down. &gt;&gt; The thing that he can do is he can run straight up and still be low. He's also a heck of a blocker. &gt;&gt; You know, John, they've been calling guys built like that Bowling Ball since who, Don Nottingham? Wasn't he the first? &gt;&gt; Yeah. He was a bowling ball. &gt;&gt; First down from the 29yard line. Garrard to the end zone. And off the fingertips of Dennis Northcutt. Ike Taylor covering on the play. It'll be second down and 10 from the 29. &gt;&gt; I was just talking about JonesDrew and how he blocks. Watch him here. I mean, we know how he runs. Boom. I mean, right there. They're gonna get pressure. They're gonna blitz a linebacker up the middle. He just stones him right on the line of scrimmage. And that helps David Garrard. I mean, he gets good pass protection, and he gets a little simpler coverage, because most of the defenses are set to stop the run of the Jaguars. &gt;&gt; From the 29. Taylor is back in. Fred has it. This time, nowhere. And that's Larry Foote who comes in to stop him in the backfield. &gt;&gt; They caught him in that patient move. He was waiting, waiting for something to happen, and Larry Foote said, "Enough of that patience. I'm gonna just come and get you." That was kind of the Steelers' plan. That was what they wanted to do. They knew the way Fred Taylor would run, and they felt that they had to get penetration and go get him when he was doing those kinds of things. &gt;&gt; Steelers down by 14. In that game three weeks ago, they were down by 15 at one point it was 227. Pittsburgh caught them. And then Jacksonville scored on a late drive to win the game, 2922. Third down and 14. Garrard with good protection. Has to check down underneath. And it's caught, but only for a short gain, by Marcedes Lewis. And the ball will be spotted at the 28yard line. &gt;&gt; We were talking about the protection. We saw JonesDrew. Watch Khalif Barnes here, the left tackle. Very athletic guy. Good feet. But he's on James Harrison over there, and Harrison one of the better pass rushers in the league and one of the Steelers' better pass rushers. &gt;&gt; 46yard attempt coming up now for Josh Scobee. Adam Podlesh to hold. And that kick is no good. [ Crowd cheering ] Wide to the right. And they can't blame the elements tonight. Very little wind, and the field is in pretty good shape. Lynn Swann. There he is. &gt;&gt; I'll tell you, they were tough to cover Lynn Swann on one side and John Stallworth on the other side, Terry Bradshaw throwing to them and Franco Harris running the ball. Then they'd flop it over, and you still had to block L.C. Greenwood and Joe Greene. It didn't get easier. There was nothing easy about playing these great Pittsburgh Steeler teams. &gt;&gt; Team of the '70s. Hall of Famer Lynn Swann. Roethlisberger on first down. Throws. That's Miller. And he'll go next to nowhere. That's Sammy Knight, in his 11th year out of the University of Southern California, who makes the stop. Right now Pittsburgh down by 14. 2 minutes to play in the first half. Second down and 5 from the 40yard line. To the outside. That's caught by Nate Washington. He'll spin out of bounds to stop the clock. Pittsburgh has all three of its timeouts left. &gt;&gt; They had trips on that one. They'll probably line up the same way, with three receivers on this side. And these are zone beaters. Here are the three receivers right here. They could run short, medium, and deep. They can run crosses. Anything. But he is going to work this side of the field, the right side. &gt;&gt; Picks and rolls. Roethlisberger will take off. He'll slide to a stop at the 44yard line. &gt;&gt; That's what he was talking about the other day. He said he knew he was gonna have to do that. We're in playoff mode now, and he said, "There's nothing to save yourself for. If they're gonna give you a lane, if they're gonna rush, especially on a first down like that and give me 6, 7, 8 yards, I'm gonna take it every time." &gt;&gt; Second down and 4. Fourman rush. Over the middle, into traffic. Going down at the 28yard line is Santonio Holmes. And it is a catch. The ball will be spotted just inside the 29. Got his hands under it, then the ball touches the ground. Pittsburgh's going to take a timeout. But he controls it. They can review it upstairs. Not challengeable inside 2 minutes. It'll be a 16yard gain. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I think that's a catch. That's fine. That's the type of thing that they needed here. I mean, they've got those three receivers over there, and they start running combinations. If you overreact to that side, then they can come back to the off side. &gt;&gt; They're gonna look at this during the timeout. He cradles it, then the ball starts to come out. Now, in the old days, if the ball would touch the ground in any way, shape, or form It was the old Bert Emanuel play in that St. LouisTampa Bay NFC championship game after the '99 season. They changed the rules. If you get underneath it and the ball touches the ground, it would be a catch. In this particular case, is the ball starting to come out is the question. &gt;&gt; Because if you have control of the ball with your hands and arms, the ball can touch the ground. &gt;&gt; He has to control the ball first, which he appears to do. If he controls it first and then it hits the ground, that is, in effect, what you would call, let's say, incidental contact with the ground. &gt;&gt; Right. Then that's a catch. And I would feel that the Steelers have to have confidence that that was a catch, because they were the ones that took the timeout to allow all this to go on. &gt;&gt; So Scott Green will take a look at it. We think the call will stand. And I know, John, you called that game back in '99 with Pat Summerall, where Emmanuel That was a huge play in that game, too. &gt;&gt; Right, it was. And because part of the ball touched the ground, they said it was incomplete. But, you know, that had been happening in football forever. Emanuel had control of the ball, and part of the football did touch the ground. But you go back, you know, in the '20s and '30s and '40s and '50s, that was happening. &gt;&gt; It created the rule change. Again, the rule was changed to do you control the ball before it makes contact with the ground? &gt;&gt; Right, because if you have both hands on the ball, there is still gonna be some ball left over. That was the argument on that call or that play or that rule. &gt;&gt; They want to make sure you're not using the ground as, in effect, an aid to help you control the ball. &gt;&gt; Right, or the ground doesn't bounce it back up into you. &gt;&gt; Mmhmm. &gt;&gt; Which would be using it as an aid. &gt;&gt; After reviewing the play, the receiver did not maintain possession of the ball as he went to the ground. The ball touched the ground. That's an incomplete pass. It'll be third down and 4. Please reset the game clock to 1:27. The Steelers will not be charged with a timeout. &gt;&gt; They're not charged with a timeout if there's no challenge. It was looked at upstairs. So Green saw it a little differently than we did. We thought he controlled it here. And he has control of it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I still think that he has control of it. &gt;&gt; I do too. &gt;&gt; Well, any part of the ball can hit as long as you have control of it. &gt;&gt; Right. &gt;&gt; I mean, you see the nose of the football hits the ground, but that will happen. Again, just the fact that the football is bigger than both your hands. &gt;&gt; I think Pittsburgh was gonna take that timeout regardless, setting up the first down, because they have all three. And they would have, I'm sure, stopped that anyway without the timeout upstairs. It's at the discretion of the replay official. So, they're gonna move the ball now back to what was the line of scrimmage, which is the Well, they're still moving the ball. To the 45yard line. It should be at the Jacksonville 45. They had moved it back to the Pittsburgh 45. It has to be at the Jacksonville 45yard line. So they're gonna get it right now. And that will create a third down and 4. &gt;&gt; Who's that umpire there? &gt;&gt; [ Chuckles ] He's a wrestler. That's Jim Quirk. He's the guy that wrestled Nick Barnett to the ground in Green Bay and got fined a game check. &gt;&gt; He looks like a wrestler. He looks like George "The Animal" Steele. &gt;&gt; Third down and 4. Big play here with a minute and a half to play in the half. Ben checks down. He's gonna get the first down on a checkdown to Davenport. And some hard running takes him to the 27 and a first down. And timeout called by Pittsburgh. &gt;&gt; Ben Roethlisberger did a good job here, because he's gonna get pressure. And again, he just holds it and waits and waits. He pumps to his right, then he looks to his left, comes back, and he finally finds Najeh Davenport. That was probably his third or fourth read. &gt;&gt; And Davenport came limping off the field. So he's on the bench. Two timeouts remain for Pittsburgh. Again, they had called a timeout after the supposed catch by Holmes. But the timeout was superseded by the replay booth taking a look at it. So they got that timeout back. They have two. They have 1:17 and a first down at the 27yard line. &gt;&gt; That was the perfect use of a checkdown there. You know, you look and you look. You look up the field. You try and make a big play. If it's not there, you come back to your checkdown. &gt;&gt; Now Carey Davis is in the backfield. Firstyear guy out of Illinois. Flanking Roethlisberger. You've got the bunch formation to the left, right there. Roethlisberger immediately looks that way, then goes underneath to Davis. And he takes it to the 21yard line. It'll be second down and 4. &gt;&gt; And Ben Roethlisberger is in that mode again. You know, you get back there in the shotgun, where you don't have to hold the ball for a long time. Get the ball out of your hands to your playmakers. &gt;&gt; Fiveman rush. And it is intercepted by Derek Landri! The rookie defensive tackle getting a lot of action tonight, especially with the injury to John Henderson. And Landri, number 66, drafted in the fifth round out of Notre Dame, one of seven rookie draft choices to make the team, comes up with a huge pick. &gt;&gt; And again you're gonna see Landri. He's just starting on a pass rush, and he kind of went down and stumbled. And then he got up, and the ball was right there on him. You see, he really didn't get into his pass rush. Those are pretty good hands for a defensive tackle. But Ben has to see that. I mean, that's a I don't know. I mean, I hate to secondguess and say that you don't need that play, but a middle screen in the red zone is a very, very dangerous play. &gt;&gt; Now Jacksonville can try to add to its advantage. They have Taylor running his way up to the 32. Jacksonville has one timeout. And they appear content to go into the locker room with a 14point lead. And they're gonna get the ball to start the second half. Remember, Pittsburgh took that opening kickoff, went 80 yards in 10 plays. And since then, nothing. &gt;&gt; Mike Tomlin looks like he's in shock. Here you start off. You're up 70. And now, even just before the half, you're gonna get a shot. You're gonna get a score. And then boom you throw an interception on a screen pass. &gt;&gt; Ben with three picks. Here goes Taylor. And Fred will end the first half having carried the ball 12 times for 33 yards. These two teams trying to remain in a position to hoist that Lombardi Trophy. It's a long way away specifically four weeks as we start the third quarter in Pittsburgh. Al Michaels, John Madden, Andrea Kremer. If San Diego beats Tennessee tomorrow San Diego beats the Titans, then the winner of this game goes to New England. If the Titans were to upset San Diego, then the winner of this game would go to Indianapolis. Mike Tomlin, the secondyoungest coach in the league, 35 years old. Lane Kiffin is out in Oakland, the only guy who's younger. As we start the second half with a very short kick that's fielded up at the 28yard line by Montell Owens. And he is stopped at the 32, and we check in with Andrea Kremer. Andrea. &gt;&gt; Well, Jack Del Rio told me they withstood the early surge of the Steelers and settled down. But he said they have to possess the ball more and get more production out of their offense. Very fresh in his mind is the last game, when they were up by 15 but the Steelers came back to tie, although the Jaguars eventually won. John Henderson is available, but it'll be doubtful if he's going to play. As for Mike Tomlin, he threw up his hands to me and just said, "We have to stop throwing interceptions." &gt;&gt; And Roethlisberger threw three of them two to Mathis, one to Landri in the first half. From the 31yard line. They begin on the ground with Fred Taylor. Second and 8 from the 33. Garrard throws. And that's intercepted! That's exactly what the Steelers needed, as James Farrior picks off Garrard and Pittsburgh has it a minute into the second half. &gt;&gt; You know, that's the first thing they need. And now they need Ben Roethlisberger and the offense to come in and do something about it. You see the rush here. And the linebackers, again, just dropping back, just reading the quarterback and making a jump on that ball. Great job by James Farrior. I mean, that's what they do. That's just the threeman line, zone defense, Farrior dropping back and reading the quarterback, looking at Garrard. When he moves, you move. &gt;&gt; Farrior had one in the regular season. As we said, Garrard only three picks all year. And Davenport cannot get to the outside. He's turned back by the outside linebacker, Clint Ingram. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Davenport never will get to the outside. That's the thing that we said earlier that they lose without having Willie Parker. And Davenport is a northsouth runner, and then you say, "Okay. Well, he ought to run north and south, stay inside." But that's the strength of this Jaguar defense. So you either run into the strength of it, which Davenport can do, or they run away from the strength, and it's something Davenport can't do. &gt;&gt; Second and 11. That's Ward in motion. The pass is thrown over the middle to Miller, the tight end. And Heath Miller picks up a first down as he gets to the 32yard line. That's Ingram in on that stop. &gt;&gt; I think the Steelers just have to go back to stuff they did on that first drive you know, the passing game, the quick passes, the playaction passes, just like this. Just get back, get the ball out of your hands, get it to your playmakers. And the closer they get to the goal line, the bigger a playmaker Heath Miller, their tight end, becomes. &gt;&gt; He's caught four tonight for 37 yards. And now this is Russell. To the 30. Ben Roethlisberger his last postseason game before tonight was the Super Bowl. And in that game, he was 9 out of 21 for 123 with two picks. So an anythingbutstellar performance, but he ran for a touchdown, and they beat Seattle. And tonight, three picks. &gt;&gt; Well, you know, quarterbacks have to have short memories. You can't get satisfied with your work if you have a lot of completions, but you can't get down on yourself if you have three interceptions. You have to forget about it and just start like you haven't thrown any interceptions, because you're going to have to keep throwing the ball. &gt;&gt; Second and 9. They fake it to Russell. The pass caught on a slant by Santonio Holmes. And that'll move the chains. First down at the 16yard line. &gt;&gt; That's what we were talking about. They had the strength over here to the left, and then you get a oneonone back on this side on Rashean Mathis. The defense overcompensates to the left, and then you can bring Santonio Holmes on the inside. And he's the only guy over on that side of the field. I wouldn't go to that well too often, though. &gt;&gt; Davenport the running back on this play. And he gets stood up by the linebacker, Daryl Smith, after a pickup of 3 to the 13yard line. &gt;&gt; Daryl Smith's a good player. He's been an outside linebacker. And in there with injuries with Mike Peterson, he becomes an inside linebacker. He's been crosstrained, and he just plays very well. He reads well. He's a strong guy. He's a good tackler. &gt;&gt; Davenport flanking Roethlisberger. Second down and 7 now from the 13yard line. To the outside to Holmes. And cutting through what they had hoped would be the blocking to get him to the end zone was Brian Williams, who gets inside the screen and makes the stop. &gt;&gt; I don't know that they need that. They got in the red zone just before the half, and they threw a middle screen, and that was intercepted, and now this just kind of slows them down. I mean, they had things going. They were getting the ball up the field, and I don't know that you've done enough yet for screen passes to be effective. I like the other stuff that they were doing. &gt;&gt; They went horizontally instead of vertically, and it's third down and 9. That was a loss of 2. &gt;&gt; I think again Hines Ward and Heath Miller have to be big here. &gt;&gt; Fourman rush. Roethlisberger steps away. And then it's caught at the 10yard line. It's gonna be 4 yards shy of the first down. That's Davenport making the catch. Sammy Knight makes the stop, and Reed and his gang will come on for a fieldgoal attempt. &gt;&gt; That screen pass is the call in there that really fouled them up. I know what they were trying to do pop it out there, get a couple blockers in front, like you said, and take it into the end zone. But they had the other stuff going. I mean, they had the tight end and those zone passes. They were doing well with them. I think they should have stayed with those. &gt;&gt; 28yard attempt. Sepulveda to hold. Reed missing just 2 of 25 attempts this season. And that one is good. &gt;&gt; You think they'll kick to JonesDrew? The last time, they kicked a short one, and I would expect they'd kick another short one. &gt;&gt; And this one is short. But it's touched, and then it goes out of bounds by Greg Jones. Light rain falling again in Pittsburgh. The Terrible Towels are out in force. Steelers with the numberone defense in the league. Roethlisberger waiting to get back on the field, as Jacksonville has it at the 18. The Jaguars tonight have only 115 total yards. The big plays were the 96yard return by JonesDrew and the interception return by Mathis. Apart from that, the Steeler defense has done a nice job. First and 10, the ball at the 18yard line. And through the middle goes Fred Taylor. Taylor works his way for a gain of 7. Out to the 25yard line. Stopped there by Farrior. &gt;&gt; This is Steelers football, though, isn't it? Terrible Towels and defense. And they know that they've just got to score here now. "Now we want to get the momentum. Now we got to get the ball back. We have to get a stop here, maybe get another turnover. You know, press it and make something happen." Again, Fred Taylor has that patience. He gets behind his center. Brad Meester makes a good block. And he picks up 6 or 7 yards. &gt;&gt; This will be Taylor's 15th carry. He's averaging about 3 yards a And this is good for only 1 as he gets taken down up at the 26yard line. Larry Foote is the first to hit him. And that's gonna bring us to a third and a long 1. &gt;&gt; The thing that the Steeler defense is doing is they're really attacking the line of scrimmage. Watch Troy Polamalu here. I mean, they're not waiting back. They're not reading. They are going to hit it. They're going to have at least one penetrator on every play. This thirddown situation for 90% of the teams in the league is a passing situation. Not always for the Jaguars. &gt;&gt; Garrard leading the league in thirddown rating. And he's gonna throw on third and 2. He's gonna fake a throw. And then he's gonna run. And Garrard out to the 39yard line. So Garrard faking a toss downfield, and then off he goes on a 12yard run and a first down. &gt;&gt; You know, that's what a guy like JonesDrew does. He's so exciting and such a good player that when you fake something to him, the defense has to react. Watch. JonesDrew is out there to the right. And he fakes and pumps that screen out there. Maybe he was going to throw a screen to JonesDrew, saw that the Steelers covered it, and then he went the other way. &gt;&gt; First and 10 at the 38yard line. The fake. He's gonna run again. And he's gonna slide to a stop at the 43. The plays this year being called by Dirk Koetter. Jack Del Rio revamped his staff in the offseason. Koetter had been the coach at Arizona State the head coach. And then he brings him to Jacksonville. And there he is. And it's his first professional experience. &gt;&gt; I talked to Mike Shula, who's the quarterback coach, Don Shula's son, and he said that Dirk was doing a great job. He said that a lot of success for the offense and the success that they're having should go to him. &gt;&gt; Second and 7 up at the 41yard line. Garrard. Well, that's his third rushing attempt. But this one, in effect, will wind up as a sack, with a flag thrown. James Harrison comes in to knock him down. We'll check out the penalty. The flag is up at the 50yard line. &gt;&gt; Both of these quarterbacks, we talked about being big and strong. And they're tough to get to the ground, so defenders know that when you get them, you're not gonna just knock them down with one hand. You'd better tackle them. &gt;&gt; Personal foul. Grabbing the face mask. 24, defense. 15yard penalty. First down. &gt;&gt; What a call that was, because Ike Taylor was way away from the play, covering a receiver. Garrard was under pressure. And Taylor with a 15yard face mask. &gt;&gt; Like you say, these are the things that You want to be disciplined, and you want to be smart, and you just can't have those You just can't do that. I mean, sometimes you get your hands going, and it will get up there. But you have to let it go. You know, if it does get up, you can't hold on to it. It could've been a 5yard because it just happened. But because he held it in there and pulled it a little, it became a 15yarder. &gt;&gt; Automatic first down. That was on Wilford, who hasn't caught a pass tonight Wilford's face mask. And then that is caught by Wilford. So speaking of Wilford, he doesn't make a catch. He's the recipient of the facemask infraction, and then he makes his first grab of the night. &gt;&gt; That was a heck of a throw by David Garrard. He just zipped that thing in there. Wilford is going to come in here on a slant. One, two, three, up and in. And he just hit him perfectly. Polamalu is coming to the outside, so he had to hit him before he got to Polamalu, because that was a very, very small and tight window for David Garrard. &gt;&gt; Only the second reception by a wideout tonight. Wilford led the team this year, with 45 catches. And then that pass is thrown to Wilford, to the 10yard line! So Wilford, a name we hadn't even said once tonight the facemask call and then backtoback catches, and all of a sudden, it's first down to the 10yard line. &gt;&gt; Maybe they were saving this for the second half. But one thing about Wilford He is a big guy. He's 6'4". So he can run these kind of patterns. He's not a tight end, but you can put him in the slot and he can run tightendtype patterns. &gt;&gt; He's a big receiver. Matt Jones is 6'6". He's a big receiver. Lewis, the tight end, is 6'6". Reggie Williams, 6'4". First and goal. JonesDrew. To the outside. To the end zone for the touchdown! Khalif Barnes, the left tackle, sealed it off for him, and away he goes to the end zone. So the personal foul on Taylor, and then, just like that, to the end zone they go. &gt;&gt; You're right. Watch Barnes here. He gets his guy and takes him up and then takes him to the outside. Larry Foote just knocks him out. I mean, boom right there. Then he gets him turned. Then he gets the push out. Then JonesDrew is gonna hit that hole. But this is the thing that you say that you kind of loosen them up with the passing game. And I'll tell you, that makes the running a lot easier, doesn't it? &gt;&gt; Took them 4:46 to go 82 yards, eight plays. Josh Scobee for the point after. &gt;&gt; What do you think happens after that? &gt;&gt; We drive across the bridge. Kickoff is fielded at the 16yard line. Najeh Davenport is gonna lose the ball. But it's gonna go out of bounds. And Pittsburgh will retain possession. Since Jack Del Rio took over at Jacksonville for Tom Coughlin back in 2003, you can see fourth in the league in yards per game allowed, fourth in points per game allowed, secondfewest turnovers. So it's been all about defense. And this year, much more of an offense. Though the defense is doing very well tonight. They lead 2810. Big drive here for the Steelers. 4 1/2 to go in the third quarter. And they'll start with Ward getting nearly decapitated by Terry Cousin, the nickel back. It'll be second down. &gt;&gt; Anything that they've tried to do inside here has been stuffed all night by the Jaguars. That's what Jack Del Rio's really all about. &gt;&gt; And without Henderson, for the most part. Here's Carey Davis, who gets taken down up at the 33yard line by Sammy Knight. &gt;&gt; You know, a guy that has really played well, though, and has been one of my favorite guys in fact, he's going off the field right now is Grady Jackson. Again, you play him on first and second down, and they end up in third and long and you can take old Grady out. You don't need him in there then. But, you know, he is a run stopper. &gt;&gt; You love the Grady Jacksons, the Albert Haynesworths, the Gilbert Browns. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I really do. &gt;&gt; [ Laughing ] Yes, you do. Third down and 8 at the 33. Anybody you'd call "big old," you got to love. Roethlisberger throws. And that's gonna be good for a first down as Miller makes the catch, the tight end, over the middle. For Heath Miller tonight, that will be a total of five catches for 47 yards. &gt;&gt; And I think that's what Ben Roethlisberger has to stay with. He has his tight end in there in Heath Miller, and he's been able to do that most of the night. Now, I think, in addition to that, he has to get Hines Ward involved also. &gt;&gt; And going nohuddle as well, down by 18 with 18 minutes to play in the game. Without a huddle here. He slings it to the outside. And Miller makes this catch. Backtoback grabs by Miller. That's a gain of 9. And the ball will be spotted just across the 50yard line. &gt;&gt; You feel that he can just You know, you use this nohuddle and kind of go down the field playing catch with Heath Miller. But I still say I think you can do some of those same types of things if you can get Hines Ward in there. &gt;&gt; Second and 2 at the 49. Under 3 to play in the third quarter. And Davis picks up a first down. To the 47yard line. &gt;&gt; You know, once you lose the momentum as a coach, you have to do anything you can to get it back. And one of the things to get it back is to change the tempo. And one of the ways to change the tempo on offense is going nohuddle. &gt;&gt; Nohuddle, empty backfield, out of the gun, fivereceiver set. &gt;&gt; And he knows he has to throw quickly with this. &gt;&gt; He gets good protection. And there's a flag. And the catch will be made by Hines Ward, pending the penalty call. Ward gets to the 35yard line. &gt;&gt; The reason I say Hines Ward and Heath Miller is Hines Ward is a slot receiver, and as a slot, he can really run the same type of patterns as a tight end. So they're your two inside receivers. &gt;&gt; Illegal hands to the face. Number 93, defense. Penalty is declined. First down. &gt;&gt; Take the play. The call is on Bobby McCray. The gain is 12. &gt;&gt; Hines Ward here, he's lined up like a tight end or a slot. And he's running that same thing. It's just a zone pattern. You just go up there and feel the zone, feel the hole in the zone, and just slide into it. He's excellent at that. &gt;&gt; MVP in the Super Bowl two years ago. First and 10. The ball is at the 35. And not able to get out of the backfield this time is Carey Davis. For a loss of 1. Tackled by Daryl Smith. &gt;&gt; I think at some point, you just admit "Hey, we've tried that middle. We tried it in the first quarter. We tried it in the second We tried it in the third quarter. There's nothing there. Let's just do something else." &gt;&gt; Well, 19 rushes for 30 yards for Pittsburgh. They're averaging a yard and a half per tote. Second down and 11. [ Whistles blowing ] No play. Essex was moving. False start. &gt;&gt; False start. Offense. Number 79. 5yard penalty. Second down. &gt;&gt; Trai Essex is the He was number three on the depth chart a couple of weeks ago. But losing the one and two guys, with Marvel Smith number one, has put Essex very much in the spotlight tonight. &gt;&gt; Right. And I think he's performed pretty well. You know, you have your third tackle playing there, and you expect that he'll be a problem. Now, they've given him a lot of help, but when they get in this formation, in these empty formations, there's no way that you can give any of these guys help. No matter how you look at it, it's fouronfive. &gt;&gt; Fivereceiver set again. Second and 16. Fourman rush. Roethlisberger. And they get him by the shirt, and down he goes. And that's Rob Meier. And, John, talking about Rob Meier, a guy who has been around but has really emerged. Picked in the seventh and last round in 2000. &gt;&gt; Yeah. He's been impressive. I watch film, and the first guy I saw was Rob Meier. Here's the coverage. You look downfield, and this is what Ben was looking at. He was trying to find something over here on his right. He did have a few things. He had no pass rush from the left. The only pass rush he had was from that right side. And that's what you were looking at the patterns on the right side. &gt;&gt; Third and 26. Roethlisberger has been sacked five times tonight. Ben over the middle. And that's caught by Ward. He takes it to the 37. So five times in each game. Looked like Ward was getting up as if to signal first down, but not even close. Actually, he wanted to get into the defensive back's face. Now you've got a fourth and 12. So you have a decision here for Tomlin. You're not gonna kick a field goal 55 yards. He can make that decision in the fourth quarter. To the fourth quarter. Al Michaels, John Madden, Andrea Kremer. 2810. Jack Del Rio having a good, old time, laughing, smiling, having a great time on the Jacksonville sideline during the break. Mike Tomlin, the 35yearold head coach of the Pittsburgh Steelers, will have to watch his team effect a tremendous comeback. And first things first. They're gonna have to go for it here on fourth down and 12, on the first play of the quarter, from the Jacksonville 37yard line. Ward in motion. Stacks in behind Washington. And the pass is caught by Holmes! Holmes breaks tackles! Inside the 20! Inside the 10! And gets them back in the game on a fourth and 12. &gt;&gt; Fourth and 12 against a heavy blitz coming up the middle. Ben Roethlisberger just hanging in there. Santonio Holmes, on the other side he gets the slant on Mathis. Mathis has been playing him all day. Here he is right here. He makes that catch, splits those defenders, and takes it in. But it was a big blitz. I mean, the Jacksonville Jaguars had them third and long and, surprisingly, you know, took the gamble on the blitz. And Ben Roethlisberger made them pay for it. &gt;&gt; They had them third and 26 and fourth and 12. And now Jeff Reed for the point after. It's an 11point game. Roethlisberger and Holmes have made it an 11point game, 2817. The kickoff now coming from Reed. Jacksonville is trying to hide JonesDrew. They put him on the far side of the field, as we look at it. As we fall back in the middle, it is Scott Starks. Not that this should fool Pittsburgh. You would think that Reed would know this, but they're just trying to put JonesDrew in a position where he might come up with the ball. Otherwise, it's doubtful they would kick to him. He already has run one back 96. And it's a short kick to the other side of the field. Fielded up at the 26yard line. And this is Montell Owens. &gt;&gt; The winner of the Super Bowl can come from the wildcard game. &gt;&gt; Last two years. Pittsburgh was the sixth seed. They won three games on the road before they got to the Super Bowl. Indy played a wildcard game last year and won it all. Garrard to throw on first down. Hit as he throws. The pass is high and incomplete. Off the hands of JonesDrew. James Harrison was there to knock Garrard down. Second and 10. &gt;&gt; And that's the thing that you have to have. You have to get that pressure on the quarterback. Harrison here, he just keeps working, working, working. Barnes even grabbed his jersey and couldn't slow him up. Maybe he just slowed him up enough that he didn't get the real hit on Garrard while he still had the ball. &gt;&gt; Second and 10. They empty the backfield. Five receivers in this set. Pressure is on. Garrard has to throw it up for grabs, and it's incomplete. And that time, you had LaMarr Woodley coming from the other outsidebacker spot. And it's third down and 10. &gt;&gt; And he was coming from the side that Garrard was looking. Garrard was trying to throw the ball to his right, and he was getting pressure from Woodley on his right. So as he was stepping in Watch. He's gonna turn and throw this way. Woodley comes free to the side that he was throwing. He had no chance at a completion there. [ Crowd cheering ] &gt;&gt; Third and 10. &gt;&gt; Three wide receivers. &gt;&gt; Blitz again. Line does the job. And then finally breaking through is Harrison! Great job by the secondary as well. Garrard had time. The line did its job. But then finally James Harrison comes through. And the linebackers do some job on that series. &gt;&gt; You wonder where this came from from the Jaguars. I mean, they're a great run team. They go three passes in a row. That's what Garrard was looking at. You see he didn't have anything downfield. He waited and he waited. And by the time he was ready to throw, Harrison was there. &gt;&gt; Boy. That's almost a block. Podlesh gets it away. William Gay came in. Almost blocked it. Cedrick Wilson makes the fair catch. Pittsburgh at its own 31yard line to begin this drive. Roethlisberger checks down to Ward underneath. And Hines will pick up a total of 12. He's tackled there by Clint Ingram. &gt;&gt; That's where Hines Ward is so good. He's in the slot, and he runs an option pattern. If you play him outside, he'll go inside. If you play him inside, he'll go outside. You see he starts inside. You play to the inside. He pivots and goes back to the outside. &gt;&gt; At the 43yard line. First down. This is Ward to the outside. Breaks a tackle. Stays in bounds and finally gets spun out of bounds by Reggie Nelson. &gt;&gt; You got to love Hines Ward. He's a wide receiver that plays like a linebacker. Sometimes he plays like a nose tackle. Stiffarm. I mean, there are so many guys that get on that boundary and they can't wait to get out of bounds. Hines Ward gets on the boundary and he can't wait to get back inside. &gt;&gt; Second and 3. And that is almost intercepted. Back in coverage was Justin Durant, rookie linebacker out of Hampton, who almost picked it off. It's third down and 3. &gt;&gt; He was trying to throw it to Nate Washington, and I think Washington falls down. See, he's the deep receiver. Well, he either fell down or went to the knees to try and catch it. But he goes down. The linebacker does a good job of getting out there and getting in that lane. Again, I think he would do well staying with Hines Ward and Heath Miller here. &gt;&gt; Out of a spread again on third down and 3. Ben will throw for a first down. Again checking down underneath and stays with Hines Ward. And the MVP of Super Bowl XL has made his ninth catch of the night, for 132 yards. &gt;&gt; And the Steelers can continue to do this as long as they can stay in manageable down and distances. When they get in trouble if they get, you know, third and 10, third and 12, then they have to go to Santonio Holmes. &gt;&gt; From the 44. Roethlisberger airing it out. Oneonone for Washington. And it's incomplete. The coverage on the play by Brian Williams. Took a shot down the field. It'll be second down and 10. &gt;&gt; That's where they thought they could get an advantage. If they couldn't get it with Holmes on one side, they were gonna put Washington on this side and try and get the shot. And that was pretty good. He runs a pretty good pattern. The ball is there. Good defense. It just went through his hands, didn't it? &gt;&gt; Nate Washington has caught two passes tonight. &gt;&gt; Trai Essex doing a pretty job here, Al. Excuse me. But everyone was worried about him. &gt;&gt; Second and 10. He's responding. Does the job again. Roethlisberger goes to Miller. Miller breaks a tackle. And it'll be enough for a first down as Miller is able to step away from Terry Cousin. And that'll move the chains. First down at the 28yard line. &gt;&gt; Everyone was worried about Trai Essex, and they were gonna have to help him, and can he do the job on Spicer out there? And I think for the most part, he's done an excellent job tonight. &gt;&gt; First down at the 28. Roethlisberger has now thrown for 301 yards tonight. 25 out of 35 with one touchdown and those three interceptions, all in the first half. Has his team on the move. From the 28yard line. They're gonna give it to Davenport. And Najeh will take it to the 24yard line. It'll be second down and 6. &gt;&gt; We talked about Derek Landri and how quick he is the defensive tackle for the Jaguars. He almost got Ben Roethlisberger before the handoff. I mean, this is what you like quickness inside. When a guy can get in that quickly, where he can get to the quarterback before he hands it off, he has beaten your gap. &gt;&gt; Rookie playing a lot tonight with John Henderson getting hurt early in the game and playing only sparingly since. Second down and 6 from the 24yard line. Ben throws. Caught on the outside. This time it is Cedrick Wilson. First down at the 14yard line. Things getting very chippy. &gt;&gt; Yeah. They know better than that. They can't use chippy now. They have to get back in the huddle. Look out for that umpire. &gt;&gt; [ Chuckles ] Right. He will grab you and pin you. &gt;&gt; This is kind of an allstar crew, these officials. It's not a crew that has worked together all year. But here's the guy. &gt;&gt; Illegal contact. Defense. Penalty is declined. First down. &gt;&gt; He pulls them off a little more gently, wasn't he? &gt;&gt; Well, the last time, it cost him about 8 grand. &gt;&gt; I think, again, now you continue to do that. I mean, this is how you get in the end zone with this team. And again, the closer you get to the goal line, the bigger Hines Ward and Heath Miller become as your receivers. &gt;&gt; 10½ to go. On first down from the 14. Najeh Davenport started to look downfield before he collected it. It'll be second down and 10. &gt;&gt; The Steelers had two tight ends in that time two tight ends, two wide receivers. He really did have something there, because you see they had everyone over to the right, so back here to the left, they had nothing, and the defense was all off. And if Najeh Davenport catches that, that's gonna be a big play. Look at this red zone here. Hines Ward, six touchdowns, Heath Miller, six touchdowns. &gt;&gt; Second down and 10 from the 14yard line. Off the fake. To the end zone! Caught by Miller! Touchdown. [ Crowd cheering ] Ward and Miller. They'll go for 2. &gt;&gt; There he is. He just gets up beyond the linebackers, runs a little skinny post. Ben is looking at him all the way. You wonder why the defense isn't. You know that he's the guy they're gonna go to down there, he or Hines Ward. They just kind of lost him. &gt;&gt; Miller's caught eight tonight. Ward's caught nine. They go for 2 to try to get within a field goal. Pittsburgh has scored on its last three possessions two TDs and a field goal. They'll try to make it, now, a 3point game on a 2point conversion. A floater. A fade. And it is Ward for the touchdown! What a catch! Reggie Nelson, the rookie, is right there. There is a flag down. &gt;&gt; Holding. Offense. Number 61. 10yard penalty. Retry. &gt;&gt; That's Sean Mahan, the center, an offensive hold. But Hines Ward that is just a fabulous catch. &gt;&gt; And a fabulous throw. I mean, that whole thing was a great play and all for naught. Doesn't Hines Ward just look like the ultimate competitor? Here's Sean Mahan, that they call holding on. See the center? I think he's okay there. He's okay there. He cut. No. I don't see it. A look at it from this angle. I don't know that he held. I don't know if Sean Mahan held. &gt;&gt; I didn't see it. &gt;&gt; No. &gt;&gt; Not enough to make the call. &gt;&gt; I mean, and you take that great throw and great catch by Hines Ward away. &gt;&gt; And they'll still go for 2, despite the fact they have to do it now from the 12yard line. Five receivers from this set. Ben's gonna try to run it into the end zone. And he'll only get about 9 of the 12 yards. So he can't do it. But it does make it a onepossession game 2823. And a lot of this taking There's a lot of jawing going on. Of course, these two teams met three weeks ago in a tight, hardfought game. Same thing tonight. In postseason history, the largest fourthquarter deficit ever overcome by a winning team You go back to the 49ers against the Giants in that crazy game with the botched snap in 2003. A 16point deficit. Steelers were down 18 points at the start of this quarter. They're now down 5 with a ton of time left 10:25. And Reed to send it down to Starks. Scott Starks from the 10. Whoo! And gets buried at the 24. That's Carey Davis, the fullback, who's seen some action tonight at the runningback spot with three carries, with a bomb here. &gt;&gt; Everything is so important. Every play is so special. Every play is so big. We always talk about what the offense is doing or the defense. But you can't forget you still need big plays or good plays by your special teams. Now I think this should be, you know, can the Jaguars run the ball and can the Steelers stop the run? &gt;&gt; Fred Taylor is the running back. They begin with Taylor. Through the middle. Chugging his way. Flag comes in. Taylor gets up It's gonna be a hold against Jacksonville, so this one will come back. &gt;&gt; Holding. Offense. Number 85. 10yard penalty. First down. &gt;&gt; On the outside, that was the tight end, Richard Angulo. &gt;&gt; And again, they know that when Polamalu comes up, you have to get him. And Angulo is coming in to get him, because you have to get that guy that is going to be the penetrator. That is a tough block that Angulo had to do there. &gt;&gt; Set on a wing. Had to come inside. Light rain now. Holmes getting the crowd excited as if they need anything to get them excited. First and 20 from the 14. [ Crowd cheering ] Taylor. And Taylor gets pushed back before he can reach the 20yard line. Second down and long. LaMarr Woodley in on the tackle. &gt;&gt; That's where a penalty I was just saying, that's where a penalty kills a team like the Jaguars. When they get first and 10, they have to be able to control the ball, to run it with their big offensive line and great running backs. And then they get in these longyardage situations, and that kind of takes away the call of the run. I don't know that this could be a running down, nor could the third down be a running down. &gt;&gt; Second and 15. Garrard. Intercepted at the 47 by Ike Taylor! And Taylor escapes a Wilford tackle. Inside the 30. Inside the 20. Taken down by the quarterback at the 16yard line. &gt;&gt; Great defense, but it was all caused by that penalty. It put them in a downanddistance situation where the Steelers could rush the passer and play pass defense. And that's exactly what number 24, Ike Taylor, does. He was just playing back there. He was playing zone. And you see he'd just stay as deep as the deepest on your side. The ball is overthrown. He's right there for it. That's the big play right there, that hold. That was a penalty. That put them in that situation where they had to do that. &gt;&gt; Garrard, only three interceptions during the entire regular season. Two tonight. At the 16, down by 5. Roethlisberger. To the outside. That's caught by Davis, who made that big tackle on special teams. He is stopped at about the 8yard line. Second down, short 2. &gt;&gt; See, Ben wants to get huddled up now because you don't need that tempo. You use that. You use the nohuddle to change the tempo. In changing the tempo, you've got the momentum on your side. You have things going. Now just keep everything under control. This is a power formation. They have two tight ends and two backs, only one wide receiver. &gt;&gt; Davenport's the running back. He'll get it. And he'll be close. Secondhalf comparison. You can see Ward and Miller each with five catches, Miller with the touchdown. They've been the guys in the red zone. &gt;&gt; And they were the guys that really got this Steeler offense going, too. You know, it was there for a while that they were kind of stumbling around offensively, and Ben got them going with those two guys. &gt;&gt; Looks to be a little short. 8:03. [ Crowd chanting ] 6 1/2 links. Third and that much. [ Chanting continues ] &gt;&gt; Ben's trying to quiet them down now. "That's great. We love that. We love the Terrible Towels when we're on defense. But when we're on offense, let's just kind of everyone calm down so we can get a touchdown here." &gt;&gt; And it has. &gt;&gt; I think if they do get a touchdown, they have to go for 2 again, don't you? &gt;&gt; It would make it 2928. They would. Roethlisberger is gonna try to lunge for a first down. And he's gonna get it. &gt;&gt; I think it was that second lunge that got it, Al. That first one, I don't know that he had it. And then he got another push. And that's why you like a 240pound quarterback. &gt;&gt; There's a flag down. &gt;&gt; First down. &gt;&gt; Against the defense. They picked it up. It was dropped. No penalty on the play. &gt;&gt; Watch how he does it here. He doesn't have it yet. He doesn't have it now. Now he gets it right there, at the end. &gt;&gt; A little assistance from Davenport. &gt;&gt; Well, you need that, too. You need 241 pounds, and even on that, you need a little assistance. &gt;&gt; From the 5 on first down and goal. Fake toss to Davenport. Ben's gonna throw. Catch is made. To the 1. Hines Ward has now caught 10 balls tonight. Reggie Nelson makes the tackle. And again, it's been Ward and Nelson all night long. &gt;&gt; Nelson ought to back off, and Hines Ward, you know, he knows better. I mean, Hines is just a tough guy and a great competitor, and he knows better. But he's not gonna let anyone show him up, either. Here it is. A bootleg. You know, the Jaguars played it well. And again, you fake to the left, you bootleg, your quarterback comes out to the right, and the receiver crosses the field. &gt;&gt; Second down and goal. &gt;&gt; There's not a lot of warriors at wide receiver. That guy right there is one. &gt;&gt; Roethlisberger on a roll to the right. Has that one tipped, and it's incomplete. The pressure was put on. It was Reggie Hayward who came in and got a hand on it, setting up a third down and goal. &gt;&gt; Now, had they not done that on the play before, I thought that would've been a good play here a bootleg where you have the option to run it in or throw it. And I still think that's the way they should go something where Ben is on the move with a playaction pass and he can either run it himself or throw it. &gt;&gt; Davenport in motion. Davis in the backfield. And that pass is tipped again! And that's Carey Davis who was the intended receiver. But that was tipped by Hayward. You know, we mentioned before Ben Roethlisberger only had three passes tipped all season. Take a look at this one. The last one was tipped. No, this one wasn't tipped. It was Hayward who jumped up. &gt;&gt; I think he just dropped it. &gt;&gt; Absolutely. &gt;&gt; No, no, no. This is just a drop. I mean, this is a perfect pass. &gt;&gt; Right there. &gt;&gt; And he just dropped it. &gt;&gt; And they're gonna go for it. &gt;&gt; I think you have to say it I don't know that I agree with this. I think I would kick the field goal here. &gt;&gt; To make it a 2point game. But he's gonna go for the lead. Fourth down and goal from the 1. A fade. And that's Ward. And there's a flag. And Ward is gonna get be the beneficiary of a hold by Brian Williams, and Williams turns and argues his case that he had his face mask grabbed. &gt;&gt; Right. And it's an automatic first down if it's against the defense. &gt;&gt; Interference. Defense. Number 29. Ball will be placed on the 1yard line. First down. &gt;&gt; First and goal. &gt;&gt; Here's the interference, right there. And again, the ball's in the air. You can hit the guy the first 5 yards, but you have to get off him, and you can't have contact with him while the ball is in the air. &gt;&gt; Ward had his hand turned around, but he clearly got it in over the top of the face mask. No question. So you can see what Williams was arguing to no avail. First and goal from the 1. Davenport. No signal yet. [ Crowd cheering ] Now a touchdown. And the head linesman comes in, but I think the umpire is saying, "No, he's not in." So the head linesman came in. The umpire, Quirk, says, "Wait a minute. I had a better angle of this." And Scott Green will bring them off to the side. At worst At worst, the ball will be on about the 2inch line. &gt;&gt; The ruling on the field is a touchdown. &gt;&gt; So Mark Baltz, who's the head linesman, overrules Jim Quirk, the umpire, and it is ruled a touchdown. &gt;&gt; Davenport just starts to the right, then cuts back in the middle. And again, it's where he goes down, where the ball is when his knee goes down. Did the ball break the plane before any part of his body other than his feet or hands touched the ground? &gt;&gt; Del Rio could challenge, but I don't think he would win it. They're gonna go for 2 here, with a 1point lead, to try to make it a 3point lead. There's 6:21 to play. They're gonna run a fade to the other side for Washington. And that's gonna be broken up by Sammy Knight. There's JonesDrew, who had been in the middle. Then he was on the far side. Now they try to sneak him over here to the near side. Reed's been trying to kick away from him, and he does in the middle. This is Scott Starks fielding it at the 9yard line. [ Crowd cheering ] And a great tackle out in the open field at the 21yard line by the running back, Gary Russell. Garrard, three picks during the regular season in 325 attempts. Two tonight in 14 throws. &gt;&gt; I still think they have to be balanced, though. They have to mix run and pass. They still have plenty of time. They have 6 minutes here. They don't have to go with a pass every down. &gt;&gt; From the 22yard line. No. Flag. And a false start on the left side. That's Khalif Barnes. And it's so loud that the offense prone to a situation like that. And Barnes with a false start. &gt;&gt; False start. Offense. Number 69. 5yard penalty. First down. &gt;&gt; There's the old 12th man. They didn't want the noise when they had the ball, but they sure want the noise when their defense is in there. They got it, and it just picked them up 5 yards. Now, this is a big play, because the Jaguars, as long as they're first and 10, second and 5, third and 2, they're okay. When they get in longyardage situations, they've been having trouble all night. &gt;&gt; First and 15. They've been outgained by a 3to1 ratio in this half. [ Crowd cheering ] Garrard. Underneath. Not much. Caught by Taylor. Stopped at the 19yard line. Gains a couple. It will be second down and 13. &gt;&gt; They didn't even get the penalty back yet. That was good coverage. David Garrard wasn't trying to do that. He was trying to get the ball out here to the left side. He had real good coverage on this side. There was nothing there, so he had to come back and go to his checkdown. &gt;&gt; JonesDrew comes in. 5:40 to go. Garrard flushed out. Then throws. And it is dropped by Greg Jones, the fullback. Wide open. Had it. Would have had a first down. Instead, third and 13. &gt;&gt; This was good by David Garrard. I mean, he did what he had to. He got out there, bought some time with his legs, threw the ball to Jones. Again, Jones let it get too close to him. I think that ball hit him in the face mask. &gt;&gt; Third and 13 from the 19yard line. &gt;&gt; Jaguars don't have a lot of thirdand13 plays. [ Crowd cheering ] &gt;&gt; Protection's good. And the pass is good. And a flag is thrown as Northcutt catches it up at the 36. Garrard the best in the league in pass rating on third down 128 and change. And he converts here. &gt;&gt; Illegal contact. Defense. Number 26. Penalty is declined. First down. &gt;&gt; Deshea Townsend. &gt;&gt; That was a big play by David Garrard here. He got pretty good protection. And part of it again is JonesDrew here. You know that the Steelers are gonna blitz. He gets just enough of his guy. Look at the time Garrard had to wait, to get that in in there, and to step up and throw it. &gt;&gt; 17yard gain on a third and 13. Now to the ground. JonesDrew. Up to 39. It's a gain of 3. &gt;&gt; That was a big play. That was a big thirddown play, because now they can get back into balance on down and distance and they can still mix the run with the pass. I think that's important, because when you can do that, one of these runners can break a big run. And the other thing you can still have a chance at playaction pass. You know one thing that they have to be thinking that this is fourdown area. This play calling is gonna be in terms of having four downs to get a first. &gt;&gt; Second and 7. Garrard flushed out. Nearly sacked. Nearly sacked again. Looking. And then he finally throws it out of bounds. Everybody covered. That'll set up another key third down. Third and 7. &gt;&gt; Jack Del Rio has been big all year in going for it on fourth down, and you know that he's going to do it in this situation. He even has thirddown runs, knowing that you're gonna go for it on fourth down. But now I think it's third and too long. If it were like third and 3 or 4, he would probably run it, knowing that he would have two runs to get a first. &gt;&gt; Now you've got Nick Eason who gets shaken up for Pittsburgh. The defensive end. So we have an injury stoppage here. If you get to fourth and 1 or 2, then he's gonna have a...of a decision. &gt;&gt; I would think if he got to fourth and 1 or 2, he would go for it, because that's what he does, that's who he is, that's what this offense is. Now, with the incomplete pass there, unless this third down leaves him about a yard short, I would agree that they have to punt it on fourth down. &gt;&gt; Ball is at the 39 with 4:11 to play. Again, each of the teams with all of their timeouts remaining. &gt;&gt; So just needing a field goal, the Jaguars, and having over 4 minutes and all your timeouts remaining that's a lot of time. &gt;&gt; Third and 7. [ Crowd cheering ] Steelers creeping up. But they rush only four. And Garrard's gonna get spun down and sacked by LaMarr Woodley! Harrison then takes the ball, but the play was blown dead at the 32yard line. And now there's no question they have to punt on fourth and a mile. A big sack by the rookie, numbertwo draft choice, out of Michigan, Woodley. &gt;&gt; We were talking to Mike Tomlin the other day. He said he was gonna play Woodley a lot. He felt that he was ready. And, you know, he's a big, strong body, and he felt that he needed him in this game. &gt;&gt; Podlesh will kick. This is a good one. Backs Wilson up to the 15yard line. And then the coverage knocks him out of bounds at the 22yard line. The ball at the 22yard line. So Del Rio now forced into a situation where he's gonna have to use his timeouts on defense and stop Pittsburgh. At the 22yard line. Here's Davenport. Not bad on first down. Gain of 5. Up to the 27yard line. &gt;&gt; We talk about offense and defense and if you're a good offense or a good defense. And this is when you prove it. Everything's on the line. Your whole season's on the line now. If the Jaguars can stop them and get the ball back, they can maybe win this game and keep playing. If the Steelers can get a couple of first downs here, they can win this game and keep playing. &gt;&gt; Del Rio choosing not to use the timeout here after a 5yard gain. So Pittsburgh milking the clock. Roethlisberger will take the play clock all the way down. Takes it down to 4. Here's Davenport. That's a big stop. Now does he take the timeout here? He should. &gt;&gt; I would. Yes. &gt;&gt; And does. Timeout. Steelers in this half a field goal and three touchdowns. At one point, they were down by 18 points. Now up by 1. Big, big play coming here. Third down and 6, as they try to convert. If they do, they put the Jaguars in a very tough spot, having to use their timeouts. If they don't, plenty of time for the Jags, two timeouts, and the 2minute warning. &gt;&gt; He's either gonna get rid of the ball quickly here to one of his five receivers or run a quarterback draw. Yep. There it is. &gt;&gt; And right now he's gonna run to the left side, turn it back upfield, but be stopped well shy of the first down up at the 28yard line. Sammy Knight comes in to make the stop. &gt;&gt; I knew they had organized runs for Ben, and that would be the situation there where you want that safe play but you also want to get the first down. &gt;&gt; And Jacksonville will take a timeout. So they have one remaining plus the 2minute warning with 2:50 left. &gt;&gt; Ben didn't do a very good job of selling here. You see he's pulling his guard, pulling the tackle out there. The tackle, Trai Essex, gets out there and waits for him. And he just cuts it up too soon. &gt;&gt; Sammy Knight's been around a long time. He has seen everything. &gt;&gt; Yes, he has. And he's played very well for this Jaguar defense. You know, they had injuries, and then they needed a veteran to come in there and play that safety position for them. And Sammy Knight has been that guy. &gt;&gt; Will it come down to a Scobee kick? &gt;&gt; Wonder what Jack Del Rio's talking about. The whole season the offseason training camps, the training camp, the preseason games it all comes down to this, right now. &gt;&gt; Sepulveda's kick. Northcutt moves up. Takes the ball at the 34yard line. And gets just about to midfield. They tackle him at the 49yard line. And that's where that Jacksonville offense will take over with 2:38 remaining in regulation. Both guys coming in tonight, as we said, with quarterback ratings in triple figures. They were second and third in the league. But Garrard tonight, as you can see one touchdown with the two picks. Roethlisberger, a tale of two halves the three picks in the first half and a great second half. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he got it back. He lost it and then got it back again. &gt;&gt; From the 49. They start with JonesDrew in the backfield. [ Crowd cheering ] Garrard. Deep over the middle. And going down to the turf but not making the catch is Wilford. Hits the ground. Wilford thought he had it. But the official comes in from behind and says, "No, you didn't." &gt;&gt; Ernest Wilford, who's running a good pattern there against a zone. And then he works back towards Garrard. Garrard leads him back, throws it down, which is what you have to do. And I don't know. &gt;&gt; Officials got it right, though. He used the ground to help him possess the ball. He didn't have possession before the ball hit the ground. They're looking over to see if they want to challenge this. Well, he's gonna challenge it. I don't think he's gonna win the challenge, but we were wrong about a call before. &gt;&gt; Jacksonville is challenging the ruling on the field it's an incompleted pass. &gt;&gt; This is similar to the play we had before. It's real simple you have to possess the ball completely before it touches the ground. Take a look at this. It looks like he uses the ground to keep possession of the ball. You see Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Right there, it does. Because the other part of the rule is if you have possession of the ball, a part of the ball can touch the ground. can touch the ground. &gt;&gt; Well, if they didn't give the call on the prior play that we had in the first half, where it was clearly, I thought, a case of the receiver possessing it, then it hits the ground, then there's no way that this one gets overturned. &gt;&gt; Right there, you see the whole ball on the ground. He didn't have his hands and/or arms under it. &gt;&gt; And the other thing here with Del Rio is if he loses this challenge, it would be his last timeout. So then he'd be down to the 2minute warning. &gt;&gt; If he got the challenge, he's probably thinking, "I'm in fieldgoal range." &gt;&gt; Well, Del Rio took a chance here. But the way I see it, the ground helped him get possession of the ball. If that is the case, incomplete. &gt;&gt; And I see it the same way and I agree with that. Because the other one was a lot closer to being a catch than this one. &gt;&gt; After reviewing the play, the ruling on the field stands. The ball hit the ground. The pass is incomplete. Jacksonville is charged with their final timeout. [ Crowd cheering ] &gt;&gt; So back to the basics now. Second and 10. The ball is at the 49. 2:31 to play. No timeouts. Just the 2minute warning. [ Cheering continues ] Garrard out of the gun. Steelers showing blitz. Come with five. Garrard throws. That's caught on the outside. Catch made by Reggie Williams. And it will be third down and 2. Bryant McFadden makes the tackle. Clearly in a fourdown situation. There's no way they're gonna give up the ball no matter what happens here, if they don't make a first down. It's third down and 2. Coming down to the 2minute warning. &gt;&gt; I would get this play in before the 2minute, though. &gt;&gt; Well, Garrard is not going to get it in before the 2minute warning. There's still plenty of time on a third down and 2. There's really some fascinating strategy right now. Think of it in these terms. It's third and 2. Jacksonville would love to get in fieldgoal range with as much time off the clock as they can possibly take. They don't want to leave Pittsburgh with time because Pittsburgh has all of its timeouts. They would be within a field goal of winning the game even if Jacksonville kicks a field goal here to make it 3129. But first things first. What Jacksonville needs is a first down, because right now you're looking at about a 60yard fieldgoal attempt. Too long, especially in this stadium. Third and 2. Really in a fourdown situation here, John. &gt;&gt; Right. And that's the thing with Jacksonville. Being in a fourdown situation and the 2minute warning, they can run the ball. I mean, the Steeler defense can't play loose. They just can't come on a pass blitz. They're gonna have to play run and pass here. [ Crowd cheering ] &gt;&gt; All right. The crowd back in full throat. Towels waving. &gt;&gt; Now they just have to play pass. &gt;&gt; Third and 2. Wilford in motion. Here comes Polamalu from the outside. He runs by the quarterback. And the pass is incomplete. Intended for Lewis Marcedes Lewis the tight end. And so it's gonna come down to this a fourthdown play. &gt;&gt; Here comes Polamalu. And again, he's coming from that side that Garrard is throwing to. Had he been on the back side, it would've been an easier throw from Garrard. But he has a rush coming from that side, and it takes a little off the ball. [ Crowd cheering ] &gt;&gt; Fourth and 2. Can the Jaguars survive? Garrard's gonna run for the first down and a lot more! He is inside the 20! He's down to the 10yard line! He's tackled by Tyrone Carter. Now they've backed Pittsburgh into a situation where the Steelers are gonna have to use their timeouts, because all Jacksonville wants to do now is take the clock all the way down and kick a field goal. &gt;&gt; This is what an athletic quarterback does for you. You get in this situation. You need a big play. He takes one look. It's not there. And he just runs it right up the middle. And he has the ability and the talent to run with it. He doesn't spend a lot of time looking to see if he's gonna throw that. I think he had his mind made up. "I have fourth down. I have one more play I have to make. I'm gonna trust my legs." &gt;&gt; That's a 32yard gain on a fourth and 2. And they have forced Pittsburgh to use a timeout here. So what Pittsburgh will have to do now is take two more timeouts, and then Jacksonville can run it down to a fourthdown situation and attempt a field goal. Pittsburgh will still have some time left on the clock. &gt;&gt; You know, I like to take a shot at a touchdown, though. You know, if you take a shot at a touchdown, then you have a twoway go. You may make the touchdown and win the game there, or you kick the field goal. They let Garrard run, and you just see what the heck he did to them. But rather than just settle for trying the field goal. &gt;&gt; From the 11yard line. And this is JonesDrew. And he gets buried by Farrior. That's a loss of a couple. Now Pittsburgh has to take its second timeout. Second down and 12. The ball is at the 13yard line. JonesDrew. And he's not looking to get into the end zone. He just looking to keep the ball in the center of the field. That'll take it to the 8. And now here's your final timeout. So now what Jacksonville can do is run a play, take the play clock as far down as they're comfortable in doing, which is gonna take us to about... let's say 45 seconds by the time the kick goes through the uprights. And that will be how much time Pittsburgh will have with Jacksonville kicking off assuming Scobee kicks the field goal. &gt;&gt; You know, going back to that fourthdown play, David Garrard. It was a designed run play. Just watch the offensive line here. You see, they just blocked it like a draw. They just started pass protection. Then they take their guys and they just go block them. So Garrard just held that thing for a second, let that line get on them, and then he went from there. That was the big play. You don't think they should try and score here? &gt;&gt; No. I wouldn't. Here's JonesDrew. And he's gonna take it down to the 2yard line. I think I take my chances with what, in effect now, is an extra point that counts for 3 points, because that's the distance of this field goal, and then leave the Pittsburgh Steelers with less than 45 seconds, because by the time they run the kick back, they'll have that much less time, no timeouts, and leave it to your defense. But you make a good point in the sense that a touchdown would have created a situation where Pittsburgh would've had to have a touchdown and not a field goal. They're gonna take a delay of game here is what it is. They don't have a timeout, so they'll take a delay of game. That milks it all the way down to 40 seconds, and the fieldgoal attempt will take about 5 seconds. &gt;&gt; Delay of game. Offense. 5yard penalty. Fourth down. &gt;&gt; Maybe I'm just greedy, but I always like that twoway go. &gt;&gt; I know you do. &gt;&gt; I've never assumed that anything was automatic. I never assumed that there was such a thing as a chip shot. &gt;&gt; This is a 25yard attempt. The rookie holder is Adam Podlesh. Josh Scobee to try to put Jacksonville back on top by 2. Joe Zelenka will do the snapping. [ Crowd cheering ] And the kick is good. Scobee bangs it through the uprights. We have 37 seconds remaining. Pittsburgh still down by 2. Just has to get it within fieldgoal range of one of the better kickers in the league, Reed, but in a stadium where you don't see that many long field goals. &gt;&gt; Pretty good snap. Good hold. Got the laces away. And a perfect kick. That's a Jack Del Rio team. You know, no matter what happens, you just hang in there, hang in there, hang in there. And that fourthdown play, that run, that was a great call and a great play by David Garrard to get that first down. &gt;&gt; There are a million things that go into a game, and you can secondguess and say what would have or could have or might have or should have. But you can go back to say if Mike Tomlin would've kicked the extra point after he went for 2 and there was a penalty And that put the ball back at the 12yard line, and he did it again on the following touchdown, when a run failed you'd have a tie game. You know, candy and nuts and ifs and buts and all that, too. &gt;&gt; You never know when you go to that 2point thing. &gt;&gt; Right. &gt;&gt; I've always felt when I was coaching, when we did have it in the old American Football League, that you didn't use it till the fourth quarter. &gt;&gt; The only thing I would say is that I agreed when he went for the 2pointer from the 2yard line, but when it went back to the 12yard line, maybe you think about kicking the extra point. &gt;&gt; And I agreed both times because I could see the situation and I felt that it was that part and that time in the game when you would do that. &gt;&gt; Scobee now to kick off with 37 seconds. The ball starts when Pittsburgh touches it. Now. Davenport from the 9. And Davenport still on his feet. But then he gets banged down as he works his way up to the 29yard line. So that stops the clock with 29 seconds and no timeouts for Roethlisberger. The kicker, Jeff Reed, clutch kicker. What would the range be? Well, even if you're saying 50, especially in this stadium, that's a long kick. He's made them. &gt;&gt; I would think they have to get the ball to the 30yard line. &gt;&gt; I agree. &gt;&gt; And that could be You know, like three completions could get them there. &gt;&gt; Ward starts in motion to the inside. Washington to the outside. Roethlisberger is gonna go down! And he's gonna lose the ball at the 20yard line! And the Jacksonville Jaguars come up with it! Bobby McCray forced the fumble, had the sack, and Jack Del Rio can exult, because his team has just won a trip to a playoff game next weekend. &gt;&gt; Look at Bobby McCray. He's number 93. This is the one thing that they couldn't take. And they had a double over there on McCray. They had Trai Essex on him, plus they were chipping him. And McCray gets the sack. And then Ben Roethlisberger is tough to get down. He always fights it. But that gives you time to take another rap and try to knock the ball out of there. &gt;&gt; And Landri, the Notre Dame rookie who had an interception before, now has a fumble recovery. And one kneeldown will end it. If San Diego beats Tennessee tomorrow, Jacksonville goes to New England. If the Titans beat them, then Jacksonville would go to Indianapolis. Ben tonight three interceptions, a fumble, and was sacked six times. And Garrard with that tremendous run on that thirddown play to pick up the first down. Garrard It was a fourth and 2, a fourth and 2 with 2 minutes to go in the game. They worked their way down into fieldgoal range, where Scobee converts from 25 yards out. And then the defense holds on at the end, and the Jacksonville Jaguars win a thriller. What a game.