Good morning.

Well, it's a great honor. It means a lot, especially me growing up reading Time magazine. And, you know it's a very important magazine. And I've been lucky enough to be on the cover many times this year.

So -- and last year. But I consider this a very, very great honor.

Well, as an example, when you say divided states of America, I didn't divide them, they're divided now. I mean there's a lot of division. And we're going to put it back together and we're going to have a country that's very well healed and we're going to be a great economic force and we're going to build up our military and safety and we're going to do a lot of great things. And it's going to be something very special.

But to be on the cover of Time magazine as the Person of the Year is a tremendous honor.

I think certainly close. I think next week will be the time that I announce it. And I've some other big announcements coming up today and actually tomorrow, but we've had -- we've been met with, you know, really very good reviews of the people that I've chosen. I think -- I think that General Mattis is going to be terrific.

He's going to be absolutely terrific. It's a little bit outside the box. He's a tough cookie. We need a tough cookie.

He's smart, he's brilliant actually, and as a tactician he's brilliant. And I really look forward to him. He's also a very high-quality man. I flew with him last night to North Carolina where we really introduced him in front of a tremendous crowd.

And I tell you, the crowd loves him.

Well, I think I have in my own mind. I don't want to say which ones. But I think I have in my own minds and there's some other. We have a great, great gentleman, the head, the boss over at -- over at Exxon and, you know, he's ...

...he's built a tremendous company over a period of years with great style.

Yes, he is.

Yes, he does. I mean I've -- I've spoken to him a lot. And we've come a long way together. We had some tremendous difficulty together and now I think we've come a long way.

But the answer is, yes, he does.

No, it's not about revenge. It's about what's good for the country. And I'm able to put this stuff behind us. And I hit him very hard also, you know, which is very nice that the press doesn't cover that.

I'm very happy about that actually.

Well, I think the planes are too expensive. I spoke to a very good man yesterday, the head of Boeing, terrific guy, and we're going to work it out. But, you know, that's what I'm here for. I'm going to negotiate prices and its planes are -- are too expensive.

And we're going to get the prices down. And if we don't get the prices down, we're not going to order them. We're going to stay with what we have.

Well, only the planes because I didn't see an article where he was critical of trade policies. And my trade policies are going to be terrific. And by the way, we're lowering taxes in this country. We're getting rid of ninety percent, maybe eighty-five percent of the regulations which are stifling business.

Boeing is going to be a tremendous beneficiary of that and maybe even mostly regulations. I mean people are more happy about the regulations even though we're massively cutting taxes from business.

Well, I -- I think it's just ...

...I think that's just The Washington Post because no matter what you do, they'll never say good. And what happens is they're so unnerved that the stock market is seated all-time records since I've been elected. And since I've been -- since I won the nomination, number one, we did well. And after I won the election, you see what happened.

I mean, in the history of our country, there's never been an up this big after an election. So I don't know how somebody said this -- you know -- people are unnerved. It's just the opposite. And frankly, I think we're going to go up.

We have tremendous room, tremendous margin in our country, but we have to do things right. And I believe in free trade but I don't believe in stupid trade. And stupid trade is when our companies all move out of our country, fire their workers and then come back in, Matt, and sell their product back in with no retribution. I'm just saying very simply if they want to fire their workers, move to Mexico or some other country and sell their product into our country, they're going to be paying a tax.

Well, I've never been a big person for the stock market, frankly. But over the years I bought stock. And I bought them when they were low. I saw what was going on with interest rates were so low, it almost seemed that it was like very easy to predict what was going to happen with the stock market.

Because I felt that I was very much going to be winning and I think I would have a tremendous -- a really -- conflict of interest owning all of these different companies.

Oh, I let everybody know. I let everybody know. And I'm not -- I was never a big stockholder but I bought a lot of different stocks. And I had a lot of stocks before then too.

And what I did is I sold them. I just don't -- I don't think it's appropriate for me to be owning stocks when I'm making deals for this country that maybe will affect one company positively and one company negatively.

I just felt it was a conflict.

No, I think I am very restrained. And I talk about important things. I talked about, you know, as you know recently China and the fact we talked about their devaluation. We talked about their building this massive military fortress in the middle of the South China Sea, which they're not supposed to be doing and other things.

And frankly, it's a modern-day form of communication between ...

...Facebook, Matt, between Facebook and Twitter, I have, I guess, more than forty million people and that's a modern-day form of communication. I get it out much faster than a press release. I get it out much more honestly than dealing with dishonest reporters because ...

...so many reporters are dishonest.

Well, I hosted SNL when it was a good show, but it's not a good show anymore. First of all, nothing to do with me, there's nothing funny about it, the skits are terrible.

I mean, I like -- I like Alec, but his imitation of me is really mean-spirited and not very good. I don't think it's good. And I do like him and I like him as an actor, but I don't think that his imitation of me gets me at all and it's meant to be very mean-spirited, which is very biased. And I don't like it so I can tweet that out.

No. Look, frankly, the way the show is going now and you look at the kind of work they're doing, who knows how long that show is going to be on. It's a terrible show.

Well, I think putting divided is snarky. But again, it's divided. I -- I'm not President yet so I didn't do anything to divide. And I will say this, I've now gotten to know President Obama.

I really like him. We have -- I think I can say at least for myself, I can't speak for him, but we have a really good chemistry together, we talk. He -- he loves the country. He wants to do right by the country and for the country.

And I will tell you, we obviously very much disagree on certain policies and certain things. But, you know, I really like him as a person. And -- and by the way ...

I do.

Sure.

Well, I don't think that would be fair to him but I have asked him what he would think of this one and that one. I've asked him what he thinks are the biggest problems of the country, what are some of the greatest assets going forward. And we have a very good dialogue. And -- and I must tell you, you know, I never met him before this.

And I never spoke to him before this. I really -- I do like him. I love getting his ideas. And I may differ in many cases, I differ very greatly.

In many cases I'm the opposite.

I would say that, yes, I take his recommendations very seriously and there are some people that I will be appointing and in one case have appointed where he thought very highly of that person, yes.

Thank you very much, Matt.