Thank you, Sean.

I'm sure you're probably mad about that one day, if I know you, if I know you well. Your state of the race, how do you feel it's going? Well, I feel really good. I'm in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, right now, and we have thousands of people outside. They can't even get them in. We have a big venue, there are two rooms that are full, and we must have 12, 13,000 people, maybe more than that.

And I'm going to go, as soon as I'm finished with you, I'm going to go outside, plunge into the group and say hello to them. But we have thousands of people that won't be able to get in, tonight. So there's something going on. And Hillary was here recently and she had almost nobody. So I think that's a good sign.

I don't know what it means, but I think it's a good sign.

Yes, I did, absolutely. Whenever you have the Gold Star families, whenever you have, you know, what -- what you and I have discussed in the past, I mean, these are great people, great families, frankly.

No, no, I'm not talking about the Kahns. I'm not talking about a lot of people. I'm talking about people coming over here from Syria that aren't properly vetted. They're in the migration. Nobody knows if they're ISIS. They don't know who they are. They're being put all over the country. Hillary wants a 550 percent increase over what Obama's bringing in. Obama's bringing them in by the thousands, by the thousands, and she wants to bring them in 550 percent more.

I think it's insane. Now, I also think that what we should do is build safe zones over in Syria, have the Gulf states pay for it. They've got plenty of money. They're not doing their job, right now. They've got a lot of money. And we'll run it or manage it or do whatever you want, but -- but absolutely, I mean, we can't let more people come in. You look at what happened with San Bernardino and all of the different -- Orlando and then you go over to Nice and you know, what's just happened.

I mean, we can't do this. There's something going on and it's -- it's bad. It's really bad.

And this country can't be in the same position as France. You look at what's going on in France, it's insane. And we don't want to be in the same position as France and Germany, which is now crime ridden. You take a look at what's going on in Germany with all of the, you know, the migrants that came in, and we can't do that, Sean.

We have to get back to rebuilding our country, rebuild our infrastructure, create jobs, take jobs away from Mexico and all these countries that are taking our jobs. That's why, in Harrisburg today, I have this massive group of people because they want their jobs back. I flew over Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, and you look at all the empty factories from years gone by where they used to be just flourishing, and now they're all gone.

Well, I have no idea, but I watched him at the Democratic National Convention, and he was really going after me. There's no question about it. And I watched and it's fine. I mean, I guess it's part of my life. I can say this, if I was president, because his son died 12 years ago, if I were president, his son wouldn't have died because I wouldn't have been in the war.

If I was president back then, there would have been no war for Iraq. I can tell you that because I think it's ridiculous, the whole thing. And to be in that war was, as you know, as ever since I've known you, I've been against that war --

-- and you wouldn't have been in the war.

That is by the way, that's true. They pulled out and they lost it and they gave it up to ISIS and they gave it up to a lot of other people. But I wouldn't have been in the war. We would have had no war with Iraq. Iraq would have been, right now, fighting as they have been forever. they would have right now been fighting.

They'd be in the middle of fighting Iran again for another five year spurt, and they'd be moving nowhere and be fighting each other and moving nowhere.

Well, they haven't sacrificed very much, but you know they've worked hard. I talked about what I did. And by the way, I thought that George Stephanopoulos gave a fair interview. I didn't see anything wrong with the interview. I think it was misinterpreted. For instance, we talked about the Ukraine and I said, look, essentially, if I'm president, they're not going in, Russia is not going into Ukraine.

He said, oh, well, tell me, though. And some of the newspapers -- actually, some covered it very well and very accurate, most of them. But some of them said, oh, therefore, Trump didn't know about Crimea being taken a couple of years before. Of course, I knew about that. But that's gone. I mean, Crimea is gone.

They took that, during Obama's administration. You know, Obama says that Trump might be friendly with Putin -- which I'm not -- I don't know Putin -- but they -- they, you know, they're coming up with this narrative like I'd be weak with Putin. Well, he's the one, during his term, that the Crimea -- Crimea was gone, OK, that was during his term.

And right now, it's a mess over there, also, in terms of Ukraine. But I said that, and so many people tried to misinterpret it. But I will say this, a lot of the press, a lot of the media said it right. And of course, what I meant, and what I think was very clear, and I think George Stephanopoulos would say that because I discussed it with him, is we -- if I was president, they're not going in, believe me, they're not going into Ukraine.

So that was very simple. Now as far as Crimea, as far as Crimea, though, they've been there for two years. That's already, I guess you could say, that's basically gone, at least right now.

Well, the media is very unfair. They're very biased. You look at CNN and you look at the New York Times, I mean the fail, I call it the failing New York Times because it won't be in business for another, probably more than a few years unless somebody goes in and buys it and wants to lose a lot of money. But the New York Times is so unfair.

I mean they write three, four, articles about me, a day. No matter how good I do on something, they'll never write good. I mean, they don't write good. They have people over there like Maggie Haberman and others, they don't -- they don't write good, they don't know how to write good. And I guess if they did, they're certainly not doing it, but The New York Times is just absolutely a disaster.

-- The Washington Post has been very tough, although I must say Washington Post has been getting better.

Yeah, they wanted his stuff. That was shocking.

Well, we don't take care of -- yeah, well, in my opinion, they are. But we don't take care of the Christians. We are very -- you know, before the migration, a friend of mine who was very, very well-versed on all of this said you come from Syria, if you're Muslim, it's one of the easiest places to come into the United States from.

If you're Christian, it's impossible, virtually impossible to come into the United States. Very unfair, and the Christians are the ones that really are -- look, everybody is going through hell over there, but the Christians are going through more than anybody with the beheadings and everything else. But in all fairness, it's a hell-hole.

But I will say, if you're Christian, if you're Christian, it was very, very hard to get into this country.

-- Well, she lied.

Yeah.

She lied a lot about a lot of things. Well, she lied about a lot of things. She's now lying about jobs, and she's lying that she's going to be the agent of change. She's not going to change. She's been there for 30 years. You look at this place, I mean, honestly, I fly over these cities and I land and I see these -- these factories.

I fly over them and I see them, and one after another. Sean, it's so depressing when you go to Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, when you go to different places in Ohio, when you go to upstate New York and anywhere you go. I mean, it's like we're a war zone. These are factories that you could see 20, 25 years ago were vibrant.

And now those companies have all moved out of our country --

-- and they're in Mexico and other places. And she's lying about that. She's not going to do anything about it.

She's going to be another four years of Obama; in my opinion, worse. And remember, the Supreme Court justices, she will appoint justices that will make our country Venezuela, it will be over. And you know, as you know, I have 11 people that are going to be outstanding. They've been -- just received rave reviews and I think it's one of the most important things.

Defense is always like the most important thing, right? But beyond that, because our military is totally depleted, I mean, we have to rebuild our military. We have to do a lot of things, Sean. We're way, way behind. And we also have to do our infrastructure. You drive on some of these highways, you hit potholes, every 250 yards.

I mean, what's going on in this country is incredible. We're spending trillions and trillions of dollars and we don't know what we're doing, we don't know where we're spending it, and it's got to stop, Sean. We have to rebuild our country; we have to get jobs. We're going to bring our jobs back from all of these countries that have taken our jobs.

Believe me, they're going to come back. We're going to lower taxes. Hillary is going to raise taxes, substantially.

-- I'll be lowering taxes. Right now, we're the highest taxed nation in the world. We're going to lower taxes under my plan, and Larry Kudlow and so many others love it. We're going to lower taxes very, very substantially.

-- Two and a half trillion dollars.

Well, I thought it was terrible and they also -- they didn't show when Bernie Sanders people all walked out of the arena. They didn't show that. You know, it's like if that happened with the Republicans, it would have been a national scandal. But Bernie Sanders -- and when they showed Bernie Sanders while she was speaking, it looked like the guy was very, very angry and tired.

And he wants to go home. I mean, he just wants to go home. You know, Bernie Sanders really hurt his legacy. If he -- if he would have not made a deal, his legacy would have been amazing. I have so many people, they call me, you know, they like Bernie and, honestly, they are so disappointed. You just take a look at the numbers.

They were so disappointed with what he did, and they're not going to go for Hillary Clinton. We're going to get a lot more Bernie Sanders people than anybody would believe because on trade, we agree. Now, I'm going to do something about it and make great deals. But on trade, he understands that this country is getting ripped off.

Our jobs are being taken away. That's an important thing.

Well, I think my speech was very optimistic. I talked about the problems, whether it's police being shot like never before at record numbers. It's horrible when you look at it. I never realized how dangerous that job is. I love the police, and I love law and order. They don't talk about law and order. I mean, they didn't even have an American flag up on the dais.

And it was two days and then we started complaining and all of a sudden, they put American flags up there. I think we had a great convention. I think the Republicans did a terrific job. As you know, millions more watched the final night, my speech, than their night. I just think we had a great convention.

You know, you hear all these platitudes, it's ridiculous for the other one. Go ahead.

Yeah, well, I've been -- I've been hearing about it for a long time and I know last time, they were -- you had precincts where there were practically nobody voting for the Republican? And I think that's wrong. I think that was unfair, frankly, to Mitt Romney. You had areas where a lot of people were curious, how is that possible?

And I've been hearing about it for a long time. And I just hope that there's really, I hope the Republicans get out there and watch very closely because I think we're going to win this election. But if it's rigged, like anything else, look, it was rigged, I thought a little bit for me and we won in landslides.

I think it was rigged against Bernie Sanders with his superdelegates nonsense.

We never had a chance. And I'm telling you, November 8th, we better be careful because that election is going to be rigged. And I hope the Republicans are watching closely, or it's going to be taken away from us.

Thank you.