Good morning.

Well I've really worked on this hard, but I have made that final decision yes.

I've decided to vote for Trump.

It's, you know I've spoken to you folks for a lot during our very successful primaries. Oftentimes every single ones I was speaking to you in the morning and so I'm a little bit superstitious. So when you said please call I said, I'll call. But I won many primaries speaking to you first thing in the morning.

So I'm going to keep that string going. But it's been an amazing process. You know, it's been around 17 or 18 months since I first really came up with it. Actually June 16, it's a long time.

It's been a beautiful process. The people of this country are incredible. I've been all over the country, met the people at every level. I've met the people at every level and they are amazing. So that's, and that's really the thing, I think when people say what have you learned? That's what I've learned.

The people of this country are amazing.

Well I think it has changed me because I see, you know, so many hopes and so many dreams out there that didn't happen, that could have happened, with leadership, with proper leadership. And people are hurt so badly. You look at the veterans; they've been hurt so badly. They're great people. There are great people and they've been hurt so badly.

And they're being taken care of so badly.

People that want to see a doctor and they wait in line for nine days. And you know it's very sad and at the same time our country has such tremendous potential it's like you wouldn't believe it. So it's really something special. I went, last night I ended up with my final speech, we started with it, well you guys covered it. But started at 12:45 in the evening.

And we had probably 21,000 people. Can you imagine that?

21,000 people and I'm up this early. Well I have no choice because I'm doing you folks right.

Right.

Well it just seems like a very long time ago. It was a very incredible day. I talked about trade, I talked about illegal immigration. I took a little heat from bringing up the illegal immigration but in the end it was the right thing to do because it became a main focus of certainly the primaries and I think to a large extent what we just went through with Hillary Clinton.

And we have to do it. We have to have borders. We have to let people in but we have to let them in through a legal process. We have to let them in legally and that's what's going to happen. And I think we made a very important issue also. Because our country is being absolutely drained of it's wealth by bad trade deals.

And we're not going to have bad trade deals anymore. But we're going to lose $800 billion this year on trade.

So you know, you almost say well, you're talking about how important trade is. Well trade's important but when you lose $800 billion you're just sapping your wealth. So you know those two subjects were right at front and center --

When I did that on June 16. And now lo and behold they're still right up there.

Very important subjects.

Along with Obamacare.

Yeah we have to terminate --

We have to terminate it. We have to repeal it and replace it. It's horrible. It's driving people out of business.

And I mean people can't afford it. First of all people can't afford it. Second of all it's no good, it doesn't work.

Well I think we've been doing very well in a lot of states that you know I was hoping to do well in. I mean we're doing very well in North Carolina. I think we're doing very, very well in Florida.

We're going to do very well in New Hampshire. Excuse me?

Well I think they're very important. I think we're doing well there. We're doing very well in New Hampshire. Ohio is incredible; they're just a great place. These are, I mean these are the people are just amazing in this country. Ohio we're doing incredibly in. We're going to win Iowa. Iowa, likewise just we've had such great experience there.

And I think we're going to win Iowa and Ohio and New Hampshire. We're going to win a lot of states. I mean who knows what happens ultimately.

But we're going to win. I think one that's going to be interesting is Michigan. Because it's not a state that's gone Republican for many decades. And I spent a lot of time there. And the people are incredible. Their car business has been ripped out; car production has been ripped out of that state and gone to Mexico and other places.

I think we're going to do well in, I think we're really going to do well in Michigan. And I will tell you we're getting very good reports out of Wisconsin. Wisconsin's incredible and we're getting great reports. I noticed that you have some folks interviewing people --

And they just seem to say Trump, Trump, Trump.

I want to watch that again, I love it.

That's right Heather was there and Abby was there. And everybody's saying Trump and I say, good. In fact I think I'm going to watch it a second time.

Well they were so great. They're friends of mine and they're great people, they're great champions. But above being champions they're incredible people. And I got a call from Tom yesterday, just as a friend of mine and he said hey, I'm voting for you man and I'm with you. And I said, do you mind if I announce that?

He said, nope you can announce it. I said great, and I did it last night, of course in New Hampshire where you know they're so respected. They're respected all over the country. And then I got a letter from Bill, it was such a beautiful letter. I said do you mind if I read this letter tomorrow night in New Hampshire, meaning last night.

And he said, not at all, you go ahead and read it. And the place went crazy. I mean they love these two people because just, you know, there's something about winning that's awfully nice. And our country doesn't win anymore and we're going to start winning again.

No because she can't fill up you know the rooms. I mean she was getting very poor crowds and then all of the sudden she got these people and you know; in the case of Jay Z the language he used was terrible. And you know she talks about me. The language was unbelievable that Jay Z and Beyonce used. And frankly a lot of people left and they left because of the language and then they left when the performance was done and there weren't too many people in the room.

She would have been better off not having them. But she uses that. I could do that too but I'm filling up rooms just on the basis of what I'm saying.

I mean I'm not; I don't need anybody to fill up the room. Last night we had 28,000 people at 1:30 or 1:00 practically 1:00 in the morning, 28,000 people.

In Michigan. And we had; by the way, we had 22,000 people in New Hampshire at the big arena. It was incredible last night. And you know, I will say I have the best surrogates. I have my kids, I have my family.

You know Don, Ivanka, Eric, Tiffany, all of them, they go around they make speeches.

They are better than the people you just said.

Oh he'll be soon. He's coming along beautifully.

Well I have a lot of things to say. We have to build up our military, it's depleted. We have to take care of our vets. We have to make strong borders --

We have to make great trade deals. And we have to terminate Obamacare. Have to terminate it. We're going to come up with great health care at a fraction of the cost, much better and much less expensive. Save our Second Amendment and remember the Supreme Court.

Well you know I've been given a lot of credit for having done this because I went through 17 great professionals and you know, very top people, and I've been given a lot of credit. And they said whether you win or lose it doesn't matter, this will  because there's never been a movement like this.

There's never, even your friend Bill O'Reilly said, it's the greatest political phenomenon in his lifetime. There's never been a movement. So they said, no, no, even if you don't win. I said; let me tell you if I don't win, I will consider it a tremendous waste of time, energy and money. I'm going to be --

I will have spent over $100 billion of my own campaign. Meaning I don't have to take tremendous, I don't have to take the money from all the fat cats that are going to tell you what to do. I think it's a big asset. It doesn't get talked about much.

I think it's a tremendous asset. But no I will consider it; I will not consider it great if I don't win.

I do think a lot of the polls are purposefully wrong. I think I can almost tell you by the people that do it. The media is very dishonest, extremely dishonest. And I think a lot of the polls are phony. I don't even think they interview people.

I think they just put out phony numbers. I do think this, after the debates, I think my numbers really started to go up well. And then I did a series over the last two weeks, only of you know, really important speeches I think. 20,000, 25,000 people, 31,000 people were showing up to these speeches. You saw yesterday, you saw the kind of crowds we're getting.

I said something's happening here. Something incredible is happening here. And tell you the enthusiasm and the love in those rooms, in those arenas, they're really arenas, I mean in New Hampshire last night it was a tremendous arena, beautiful arena. And same thing, we had a big convention center last night in Michigan.

But they're packed. I mean we have thousands of people.

We had last night in Michigan we had 10,000 people outside that couldn't get in.

10,000 people. It's been amazing. So I said something's happening. Something's really going on.

Oh wow. Well I think it's terrible. Like I talk about the polls. And I understand the business. And it's terrible what's going on. And I think more terrible than that is the fact that Hillary Clinton through Donna Brazile got the questions to, I mean think of it, got the questions to the debate. I mean three of them now.

And probably more. Maybe mine too. Although I don't know, I didn't think she performed particularly well. But I will tell you this; she got a lot of questions to the debates.

And you know if you were in West Point and if you got the questions like that, they would throw you out of the school if you didn't report yourself.

She didn't report it. She didn't give it to an Ethics Committee or anybody. She took the questions, she got the answers to the questions, she went on.

I mean she would have been thrown out of West Point or Annapolis or the Air Force Academy. Here we have her running for president.

You know Brian there's always regrets. If you could go back and change things, but you can't. So you just have to learn from, sure there are things that I would have done differently. But you know you just have to go forward.

You do want to learn. But there's nothing you can do. I'm very proud of my children and I'm just looking at them right now as an example you show. But I'm very proud because Don and Eric and Ivanka and you know to a lesser extent because she just got out of school, out of college, but Tiffany has also been so terrific.

I mean they worked so hard.

They worked more often, as you know; they've done your show many times.

They worked so hard.

That we have a great, great country. We have tremendous potential. Definitely go out and vote.

Thank you all, thank you very much.

Thank you, it's been a long time. Thank you.