I'm Donald J. Trump and I'm Your Next President of the United States. Hello The_Donald readers and the entire Reddit community -- this is going to be SO huge and I'm looking forward to answering your questions. I'm doing this in flight to visit the great people of Toledo, OH, so Internet connection might be spotty -- I promise you, I'll answer all the questions I can. I want to do BIG things for America and as your President, I WILL Make America Great Again! Be back in 30 -- 7 pm ET!

UPDATE: Proof: https://www.facebook.com/DonaldTrump/posts/10157382886305725

Looking forward to answering your questions! We are still in the air on our way to Ohio. Such a great time answering your questions. Thank You!

https://www.facebook.com/DonaldTrump/photos/a.488852220724.393301.153080620724/10157383302255725/?type=3&theater

Americans in every party are tired of our rigged system and corrupt politicians, and want to reform our government so it no longer benefits the powerful at the expense of everyone else. They know I will fix it so it works for them and their families. Hillary Clinton's message is that things will never change. My message is that things have to change, and they have to change right now.

We have to change a foreign policy that has led us to one economic disaster after another, and an economic policy that has failed our poorest citizens. We will never fix a rigged system by relying on the people who rigged it in the first place. I am going to return the government to the people. Together, we will Make America Great Again.

Though Bernie is exhausted and has given up on his revolution, many of his voters still want to keep up the fight. I expect that millions of Bernie voters will refuse to vote for Hillary because of her support for the War in Iraq, the invasion of Libya, NAFTA and TPP, and of course because she is totally bought and sold by special interests. She and her husband have been paid millions and millions by global corporations and powerful interests who will control her every decision. She is their puppet, and they pull the strings.

We welcome with open arms all voters who want an honest government and to fix our rigged system so it works for the people. This includes fixing one of Bernie's biggest issues, our terrible trade deals that strip our country of its jobs and wealth.

Crooked Hillary Clinton will not do press conferences because she cannot explain her illegally deleted 33,000 emails, or her disaster in Libya, or her role pushing TPP (which she would 100% approve if she got the chance), or her support for a 550% increase in Syrian refugees, etc.

I have put forward a detailed plan for H-1B reform to protect American workers which can viewed on the immigration paper on my website. My plan is the exact opposite of Crooked Hillary Clinton.

We will always stand with and support our nation's amazing police. There is nothing more honorable then serving your community and your country as a law enforcement officer. My administration will protect those who protect us. Thank you to all the incredible police officers in our country tonight.

I have been very concerned about media bias and the total dishonesty of the press. I think new media is a great way to get out the truth.

One of the first things I will do is to repeal and replace disastrous Obamacare. I will put forward an amazing new plan, which will include many reforms, such as letting people buy insurance across state lines, increasing choice and competition, and bargaining for better, cheaper drug prices.

1 - Voter fraud is always a serious concern and authorities must be vigilant from keeping those from voting that are not authorized to do so. 2 - Honestly I think NASA is wonderful! America has always led the world in space exploration.

The question most young people ask me is about the rising cost of education, terrible student debt and total lack of jobs. Youth unemployment is through the roof, and millions more are underemployed. It's a total disaster! I will create millions of new jobs, reform our education system, and work to free young Americans from the awful burden of debt.

There have been many amazing Presidents in American history, including George Washington, Abraham Lincoln, Dwight Eisenhower and Ronald Reagan, all of whom I greatly admire.

I am never tired of winning, and as your president I will win for you, the American people. I'm with you!

Keeping Crooked Hillary Clinton out of the White House!