Well, I think we're doing well. I'm in North Carolina right now. You have to see the crowds. The -- the folks are just so enthused and they just believe so strongly in what we're saying. I'm a messenger, that's really what I am when you think of it, Sean. I'm a messenger, but the message is the right message.

I mean, we want to take back our jobs, we want to make good trade deals, we want to have borders that mean something and that might include a wall, and it does include a wall as far as they're concerned, and more so as far as I'm concerned. And by the way, Mexico will be paying for the wall in case you had any questions.

But you know many things; our military is depleted. We've got to build up our military, we need it. We have to take care of our vets. You know, there's a lot of messages that we're giving out because there's a lot of problems that we have as a country.

Well, they are helping Hillary.

They are helping Hillary and it's -- it's, you know, sad to see. But, you know, when I ran in the primaries, I had no support because I was running against senators, governors, for the most part and, you know, these were very political people and everybody was in favor of them and that was fine, and I did great.

And in some ways, I might be better off without so much support. But what people don't say is I have tremendous support. I have so many congressmen, so many senators, so many people, Jeff Sessions and so many others. We have unbelievable -- Darrell Issa. We have so much support, but nobody ever wants to write that.

They'll talk about a Susan Collins, nobody even -- you know, I don't even really know her. I met her one time for about two seconds and, you know, they talk about others. And it's sad and, you know, as far as the people that I competed against in the primaries, I won with a landslide victory. I won more states by many times.

I won 14 million votes, more than ever gotten, almost 14 million, more than ever gotten in the history of the Republican primaries. And I know there are hard feelings, but you know you have to beat Hillary Clinton. And if -- if we said nothing else, Sean, Supreme Court justices, just nothing else, take everything else out of the equation because the next president is going to have probably at least three picks, it could even be five, I don't know if you've heard that, but there's a good chance it would be five.

It will be a record setting number.

-- and our country will never be the same.

Well, I can tell you, first of all, Ivanka has been a big help. She's been so fantastic and so respected, especially on the women's issues where you know it's very important to her. But I will tell you this, if you want tax increases, she's going to have a massive tax increase, regulation, which is one of the biggest questions I get when I go around.

I've met so many people in this country, small business owners, big business owners, everybody. Their biggest problem is regulation. It's out of control. You can't even operate businesses. We just met a business in North Carolina, a printing business, nice beautiful family. And the family is -- is they don't know what to do because Obamacare is putting them out of business and they've lost a lot of employees already.

You know, the whole thing is very sad. But she's going to raise taxes. She's -- and I don't mean a little bit, I mean massive tax increases so everyone is going to pay more taxes.

You're going to have more regulations. You're going to still have ISIS, right? You're going to still have ISIS all over the place because she's not going to attack them properly. We've got to take them out, we've got to take them out big league and fast. You're going to have ISIS. That's what you have. You're basically going to get four more years, Sean, of Obama and four more years of Obama is a disaster.

It's unacceptable. It means bad business.

Look at our growth. Hey, Sean, look at our growth. We basically didn't grow as a country. We didn't grow. The numbers just came out, they're the lowest, practically, since the depression. And, you know, what are we doing? Four more years of Obama, and I personally think -- look, I think he's an incompetent president, but I think she'll be worse.

Yeah.

Well, actually I use some of your numbers because you do repeat those numbers and it's good that you do because --

-- nobody believes them. But those numbers are right. Those numbers are right. And on occasion I will take those numbers and use them at speeches and people just can't even believe it when you look. Especially, you know, you think in terms of home ownership, 51 years. It's the worst in 51 years. So, many different numbers.

We're doing so badly, and yet, I don't know what it is, maybe it's just habit, but you would think that the people would be sick and tired of this stuff. But it's a political rigged deal and the press is, you know the -- the press plays right into the hands of these people and they really are an extension, in my opinion.

The press is an extension of Hillary Clinton and the Democrats, and that's what's going on and people see it. You know, I had an interesting case a week ago. I had this phenomenal arena packed with people, thousands of people, and a baby was crying and we were having fun. You know, you couldn't talk with the baby screaming, I said the baby sounds like Pavarotti, had the voice of Pavarotti, and I kidded and we had a lot of fun, and the mother was great.

And eventually the mother left and they said --

Oh, really? That's --

Well, you know what they said, Sean, the mother was great and we were laughing and waving and came back in. But the press -- the headline the next day and some of these papers was Trump throws baby out of the arena, or kicks baby out of the arena. And I said that's so unfair. And then people would come up to me for the last week, and they'd say, Mr. Trump, why did you have to throw the baby out of the arena?

I didn't throw a baby out of the arena. We were having so much fun. And the baby was great, and the mother was great, and, you know, it was just a wild scene. It was a rally with thousands and thousands of people. Everybody was laughing --

The headline was that I was kicking a baby out of an arena.

So, many people came up to me.

I was having fun. But so many people came up to me in the last week, Mr. Trump, I really like you, I'm voting, but don't throw babies out of an arena that's terrible. And it's just so sad. And, you know, they're just dishonest, and they know that. And everybody -- and by the way, you had the mother on and the mother was also a little bit in the papers and she was so terrific.

She said, it was fantastic what took place. So, it's very unfair.

Wow, that's very nice. Thank you.

Hillary wants to abolish, essentially abolish, the Second Amendment. By the way, if she gets to pick -- if she gets to pick her judges, nothing you can do folks. Although the Second Amendment people maybe there is, I don't know.

But -- but I'll tell you what, that will be a horrible day if -- if Hillary gets to put her judges, right now, we're tied, you see what's going on. We're tied because Scalia -- this was not supposed to happen.

Justice Scalia was going to be around for ten more years at least, and this is what happens. That was a horrible thing.

Well, I just heard about that and it was amazing because nobody in that room thought anything other than what you just said. This is a political movement. This is a strong powerful movement, the Second Amendment. You know, Hillary wants to take your guns away. She wants to leave you unprotected in your home.

This is a tremendous political movement. The NRA, as you know, endorsed me. They're terrific people. Wayne and Chris and all of the people over there. And by the way, they've already -- I just saw they tweeted out basically, they agree 100 percent with what I said, and there can be no other interpretation.

Even reporters have told me, I mean, give me a break. But they're -- they're dishonest people. What it is, is there's a tremendous power behind the Second Amendment. It's a political power and there are few things so powerful I have to say in terms of politics, there are few things -- and I happen to think that if they actually did even bring this up, I think it's a good thing for me because it's going to tell people more about me with -- Clinton wants to essentially abolish the Second Amendment, and if she puts Supreme Court justices on, she will decimate your Second Amendment.

No, and I will say this that I heard about that and I saw the picture of him with a red hat, but it didn't have Make America Great on it, by the way, and she did not disavow. And if that were me, this would be a headline all over the world about Trump, but she did not, as I understand it, disavow this man and he's got some pretty harsh views.

So I think it's -- look, it's a whole double standard, but we're punching through it. And I think the people understand. I really think the people understand. So, that's pretty much it, Sean.

Well, I want to look and we -- you know, as you know, I put 11 people in that were highly vetted and just people that are terrific. But another example would be Justice Scalia, that's what we're really looking, for as close to that as we could get. He was terrific and that was as close to Justice Scalia as we can get.

Bigly.

I do, if not sooner. I do, absolutely. Companies are being put out of business. Companies in the energy business are being put out of business by regulation and horrible, horrible, rules that they're making up on a daily basis and they're putting all of these people -- I'll give you an example, the miners are being put out of business.

Hillary Clinton wants all miners out of business and I think it's one of the reasons I'm doing so well in Ohio and Pennsylvania and lots of different places.

But the miners are out of business.

Yeah, it's 100 percent true, all of it, 100 percent true.

A tremendous amount will not pay anything, and the rates are going to be very low. The tax cut is massive and the corporate tax cut, people are going to bring back companies. They're going to start companies. The jobs are going to flourish and I think we'll go over the four percent. Right now we're practically at nothing.

That is correct, 100 percent and it's going to be extreme vetting.

Well, we're going to build the wall. We need the wall. The security -- as you know, the Border Patrol agents, 16,500, they endorsed me and when they did I said tell me the wall, really important. They said, Mr. Trump, we desperately need it. The wall we want, the wall we need and we're going to have the wall and Mexico's going to pay for the wall, by the way, Sean, just in case they're going to pay.

Because we lose so much money in terms of trade deficit with Mexico. Mexico will pay for the wall.

Well, I think it's one of them. I think it's a great alternative. They work. They're fabulous. You can move -- you can do whatever you want to do. Everybody wants them, you'll save money. You'll have much better plans. I mean, look at what's going on with Obamacare. The rates are going through the roof, deductibles -- I mean you won't even get to use it unless you have a real big long lasting problem.

No, no, it's a -- it's a certainly one method and there are many -- by the way, Sean. You know, I know you always mention that, but there are many methods, but they'll all be better. And you don't have to be limited to one or two. We can use other methods. But people will be paying a lot less money. Sean, they'll be paying a lot less money for a lot better care.

Yeah. Yes, the answer is yes. What we have to do, Sean, we have to build up our military. Our military is so, depleted. We have to build up our military. There's nothing we can do about that. We've never needed a military just about so badly. So, the military itself has to be built up and we can't do anything about that.

At the same time, I'm sure we can do it for a smaller price than most people would think because that's what I do, it's called negotiation.

But we have to build up our military. It's very depleted.

These are terrible people. Look, these are terrible people, they're endorsing because I don't want them. The people that are there now, I don't want. Look at the world, look at what's going on with -- with the Middle East, I mean it's a mess. These are the people that are advising, these are the advisers, these are hangers-on, they couldn't make a living in the private sector, frankly, and they know I don't want them.

I've never spoken to these people. I don't know who these people are. So, look these people are not the kind of people we want. These are people that have given us a messed up world. You look at North Korea, you look at the Middle East, you look at every single thing we're doing, it's a mess.

And you know they form because Trump isn't there kind of a guy. I don't want these people. We're going to have so much better. It's going to be so much better, Sean, your head will spin. So, much better.

Thank you. Thank you very much, Sean.