Hello everybody.

Very good. Thank you.

Right, I do.

Bad, very bad. For the African American community, very bad and honestly for the community of this country. I mean we're not doing well. You know that. Our good jobs have been taken away. They've gone to Mexico. They've gone to all over the place, but they haven't come back to us. So, we're going to make some very big changes.

Totally, absolutely, it's not even close. That's why I say, you know like I can fix it. We're going to fix it. And I always say, "What do you have to lose?" Some people like that and some people don't. But it's like -- and people are using that statement all over the place now. What do you have to lose? It's so bad.

Some of the inner cities are so bad that it's -- look, it's a disgrace frankly, what's happened.

Right.

Well, I think maybe I'm a little different than a lot of the Republicans. I think some of the states we're leading, like I see we're doing great in Maine. We're doing great in Connecticut. We're doing great in places that normally a Republican wouldn't do as well. And some of them, I mean really they wouldn't do well at all.

They haven't won these states in years. Colorado has been amazing. It's been like incredible, what's gone on. Wisconsin, we're doing great. So we, you know, we're doing well in places that a lot of people wouldn't do very well.

Well, it's about jobs. Look, our jobs have been stripped. You look at Detroit where I went with -- I tell you what, we had -- we had such an amazing time with Bishop Jackson and here we have -- I'll tell you my pastor, right? What a pastor, Darrell Scott. He is and he's become a big television star, but he's never going to leave anybody over here.

But he's become a big television .

Oh, really? Is that right? That's good, but he's a fantastic guy. You have some incredible people and by the way, they're not allowed really to speak their mind. You know, because if they do, they have the Johnson amendment to contend with. We're going to terminate that job. These are the people that you want to have speaking for you and freely speaking for you.

But we need jobs. We need jobs, desperately need jobs. Now, obviously we need the schools, we need the education, we need all sorts of things and especially the inner cities. The inner cities are -- I mean can you say never, but certainly one of the worst stages ever in the history of the inner city. It's so unsafe where you walk down the street, you get shot or your child gets shot.

So, we're going to -- we're going to really fix the inner cities. We're going to spend a lot of time. The Democrats have run them for 100 years, mostly uninterrupted. I mean, nobody else. It's just uninterrupted and you see what's happened.

Well, we're taking away Common Core. Common Core out of Washington is a disaster, right? We're going to knock it out, boom, boom. And I mean, look at the people, look at the way -- right? Look at the people the way they -- the mothers and the aunts and the uncles and the fathers, they want to run their schools.

And right now you can't. They're being run out of Washington by people that -- look, I'm sure some are very good and very caring, but a lot of them are just bureaucrats that want to pick up a check. We want the schools to be run locally.

Yes.

Yes.

Well, the violence in the inner city is incredible. In particular, I watched Tulsa and I know Tulsa. This is -- the man just happened.

Hands up. He was doing everything he was supposed to do.

Everything. And a young -- I don't know, you can come -- I don't care where you're coming from. There was something really bad going --

But I don't know if she choked, he was walking, his hands were high, he was walking to the car, he put the hands on the car. Now, maybe she choked. Something really bad happened. But this is something you know .

Yes.

Well, I was in New York when it was really --

-- numbers never like that. I mean Chicago is, you know, you take some of these cities, it's worse than -- and there's two Chicagos. There's the luxury Chicago where I have this incredible hotel and it's a whole different world. And then you have the other side of the world where it's horrible. Now, I have to say, the crime is just beyond anything.

It's worse than Afghanistan. You know, I said worse than some of the war-torn cities and you know that's true. But in New York we had Rudy Giuliani, did a fantastic job. He was a great mayor. He really was. And we had horrible numbers and we had a wonderful police commissioner working with Rudy. And they started Stop and Frisk.

And they did a great job and New York became from one of the more unsafe cities to one of the largest, maybe the largest safe city, I think, right? I think it was the largest safe city --

-- in the world or something.

Yes, so it went -- it was unbelievable and it was Stop and Frisk. Now they've stopped it in New York, let's see what happens. But Chicago maybe more than ever, you're going to need something because what's going on there is absolutely out of control.

Yes.

She went through the whole list.

Well, you have to know from where it comes. I mean, I understand what's going on and, you know, it's their only hope. They see what's happening with the polls. You see what's happening with the polls. We have a movement going on, Sean, and this is white, black, Asian, everybody. We have a movement going, Hispanic.

Because people are tired of what's going on in the country. You know, we spent trillions of dollars, $6 trillion now in the Middle East and you come to Cleveland or you go to Detroit or Philadelphia and we -- we can't build a school. We can't even paint the classrooms.

We build schools in these places and they knock them down. We build them again, they knock them down. We do it a third time. Look, it is insane. We spend six -- we're up to $6 trillion in the Middle East and our roads have potholes, our highways are in bad shape, our bridges are falling down. So, it's -- it's -- people are tired.

Well, look, everybody understands what's going on there. And it's a whole pay for play deal and a lot of people have been saying it and for some reason nobody is picking it up. They're just not picking it up. They don't want to pick it up. They don't like seeing what's happening in the polls. They don't like where we're leading in Florida.

We're leading in Ohio.

Yes.

Hillary Clinton thinks she's above the law.

How are you?

Right. Well, one of the things I'd do Ricardo is I would do Stop and Frisk. I think you have to. We did it in New York. It worked incredibly well, and you have to be proactive and you know you -- you really help people sort of change their mind automatically. You understand. You -- you have to have -- in my opinion, I see what's going on here.

I see what's going on in Chicago. I think Stop and Frisk. In New York City, it was so incredible the way it worked. Now, we had a very good mayor, but New York City was incredible the way that worked. So, I think that would be one step you could do.

Well, the inner cities are a disaster as far as schools are concerned, education, you know we build schools all over the Middle East and yet we don't build schools for our own children. The schools in the inner city, the jobs and -- and really what Darrell said is 100 percent. We don't have -- you know, our jobs are being stolen from us. They're going to other countries and the inner cities are absolutely being devastated in terms of jobs.

You can -- you can speak to some people, 50-year old men, great people, great men. I don't know if they're as good as Don King, but they're pretty good, right? And -- and these are people that had great jobs and they don't have their job anymore. And the job is moved to Mexico. Their -- their factories have moved.

Their manufacturing has moved to Mexico. And we're not going to let that happen anymore and we can stop it so easily.

Graham.

Well, it means a lot. And Don King as an example. First of all, he's a great entrepreneur. You know, he's the greatest boxing promoter ever, but that's the ultimate entrepreneur. And Don King has been my friend for 25 years. He knows me better than most people know me.

Wouldn't you say? And when he called me and this wasn't just recently, a long time ago, he endorsed me for president. And I hate -- I shouldn't tell him this. I think he endorsed Bernie Sanders for Vice President. So, we can't say that.

We're very happy with Mike pence. I have to be -- where's Mike? He's around here somewhere.

Right, they want -- they're tired.

One day I said, "What do you have to lose? I mean, what do you have to lose? I'm going to fix it. What do you have to lose?"

Well, it really starts -- it's a huge problem. The drug problem in this country is incredible. It's coming from the southern border, much of it, a real big percentage of it. You know, if you take a place like Ohio and you go to New Hampshire, you go to Pennsylvania, you go to so many of the different places, North Carolina, South Carolina.

It's just pouring into our country all over. I mean all over. Some states worse than -- I mean New Hampshire has got a problem. It's their number one thing. They don't talk about -- that's what they want to solve is the heroin problem, the problem with drugs. We have to strengthen our borders. We're going to build a wall.

Believe me, the wall is going up. We have to strengthen -- the drugs -- Sean, the drugs are coming in, they are poisoning our country, not only our youth, you know, we always say youth, well, the youth is being poisoned, but the whole country. I mean --

-- men, women, 50-years old, 70-years old. I've never seen anything like it. The drugs are pouring across the border. It's like water. And we're going to solve that problem. We have to also help the people that are addicted. We have so many people already addicted. We have to help them.

It's a great question.

Fairly, fairly.

And she did a great job.

Well, you know, the one thing I see is that when you start to win and I've watched this not just for me, I've watched it over the years. When you start to win and win and win, they have nothing to say and they can't stop you. They always start using the racist word and it's a very interesting phenomenon.

But the word racist comes out and that means that you're winning and that's their last chance and I don't think it's working.

Right.

That's true, that's true and that's a fact. And I saw such love in that room. That was an amazing morning for me. That was Bishop Jackson.

What an amazing guy he is and his family, his wife, who's really such an important part of the church. The -- the church was, I mean packed, just you know a thousand, 500 hundred --

-- yes, no, no. This -- this church was packed. I guess at least I mean well over 1000 people.

You were there and it was really a beautiful thing. And the song and the love and the, you know, the -- the feeling in that room was incredible. And I got up and made a speech and you really feel it from the heart. That was an amazing group of people. And I'll tell you what, he's an amazing -- he's Bishop Jackson.

I did an interview with him. And so many people saw that interview, so many people told me about that. But it was a really great morning.

I will always support your church and defend your right to worship always. I will always be there.

I am here today to listen to your message and I hope my presence here will help, and very much help, your voice to reach new audiences. It's going to happen in our country and these are people, believe me, there are many people out there that desperately need it. Christian faith is not the past, but the present and the future.

It is the foundation of progress.

I will -- that's right.

Whatever. I'm here.