Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much. Wow, thank you.

A lot of people.

A lot of good people.

Thank you.

I think it's horrible. I've gotten to know the families. Jamiel is a friend of mine, lost an incredible son who was going to go to one of the great colleges on a football scholarship and a smart young, beautiful guy. And he was shot in the face by somebody that just wanted to shoot somebody. In this case, they wanted to shoot somebody because he was black and it was a disgrace and he shouldn't have been in the country, wasn't supposed to be in the country.

And, you know, whether it's Jamiel or so, many others that have been just, you know, their lives have been destroyed by this. And I hope -- I hope in the case of Jamiel, I hope it's not destroyed. But how do you ever recover from a thing like that? And we can stop it. We have to stop it. You know, when I first went on June 16 -- thank you.

Thank you.

Yeah, on June 16th of last year when I talked about illegal immigration, a lot of people didn't know what I was talking about. And we started a dialog. I took a lot of heat, you know that, more than anybody you know that. And they started looking into it and all of a sudden they realized, I was right. It's a tremendous, tremendous problem and we want people to come into this country, Sean, but we want them to come in legally.

They have to come in legally.

Yeah, 100 percent.

Well, you know, what has been interesting, I've been watching over the last week or two and they've been saying, oh, well, maybe he won't build the wall, maybe he won't.

Oh, he said that a long time ago. I think -- I think -- I think people now realize we're building the wall, it's going to happen. It's 100 percent. It's simple. You know, I tell the story all the time, The Great Wall of China; 13,000 miles long. This is 1,000 miles and we have caterpillar tractors to build, OK. This is 1,000 miles, it's 2,000, but we need 1,000. And it's so easy to do and it gets higher and higher and higher.

Every time somebody says I'm not going to do it.

When, when --

Yeah, I'm very good at it. Almost immediately. Now, if you would believe it, you know, they were going to build the wall a while ago, not so long ago, like in 2006. And they couldn't get environmental impact statements. Can you believe it? OK. Now, we got lucky because it is such -- it was such a little wall, it was such a nothing wall, now, they couldn't get their environment, probably a snake was in the way or a toad or --

Something that you've probably never heard of. But something was in the way. And you think of China in the South China Sea, they're building this massive fortress. They're building this massive military fortress and they're digging that water, they're digging, digging. And you know what happened, they said, let's do it on Sunday and on Monday morning they started.

So, in our case, look, that wall is going to start very quickly. I got -- as you know and we have a lot of the Border Patrol. We have -- we have a lot of Border Patrol agents here tonight and we have 16,500 Border Patrol agents. They know the border better than anybody. Their job is much easier without Trump because all they have to do is let everyone just keep going by. These are unbelievable people.

They see what's happening. They see what's coming in and they want it stopped, they want -- look, they want people to come in, but they want the people to be vetted. So, here's the story. So, they endorsed me. First time in the history of the Border Patrol agents that they've endorsed anybody.

Well, one other thing we have --

One other thing we have to say, and Mexico will pay for the wall. They're going to pay for the wall.

Yeah, sure. I'd meet with him.

Absolutely, I'd meet with him.

Well, there are many ways. Look, look, on trade. They're absolutely killing us. They're killing us. They're killing us at the border. They're killing us on trade. We have a trade deficit with Mexico of close to $60 billion a year. So, right there you can build the wall because the wall is a fraction of that.

So, you know, right there.

We are losing -- we lose a fortune on trade and double or triple or something.

We want to follow the laws. You know, we have very strong laws. We have very strong laws in this country. And I don't know if you know, but Bush and even Obama sends people back. Now, we can be more aggressive in that. But we want to follow the laws. If you start going around trying to make new laws in this country, it's a process that's brutal.

We want to follow the laws of the country and if we follow the laws, we can do what we have to do. But Sean -- let me -- let me tell you. So, so, important. We've got some great people in this country, they shouldn't be here, they're still great people, all right? We've got some really, really bad gang members and some horrible people.

Those people are going out Day 1, they're going to be the first order I sign. They're going out Day 1.

We are going to follow the laws of the country.

We are going to follow the law. And we're going to see who people are. We're going to see how they've done. Do you believe in a merit system, Sean? When people come in as an example, do you believe in the merit system? One of the things that's very unfair with leaving people is that you have years and years of people waiting on line.

They've gone through a process and they've -- they've -- they've filed legally, they filed, and they're great people in some cases. I guess in some cases, maybe not. But you have really great people wanting and so proudly wanting to come into our country. And now what you'd be doing is you'd take people away from that line.

And it's really sort of unfair.

I did. I did. I had a meeting with great people, great Hispanic leaders, and there certainly can be a softening because we're not looking to hurt people, we want people. We have some great people in this country. We have some great, great people in this country. So -- but we're going to follow the laws of this country.

People don't realize -- what people don't realize, we have very, very strong laws.

Nobody understands that. No, they don't follow them. But we're going to follow the laws.

I have, I have.

Look, all we can say, because the loss is beyond anything that we can even think --

So, all we can say is that they will not have died in vain because we won't let it happen to others. That's all we can say. There's nothing else we can do.

You know, one of the things I've heard, and I've heard this from almost everyone, from you and Jamiel and so many others, is that when the police, and you know I'm a big, big proponent and fan of the police, they're incredible. When somebody is killed, they are aggressive -- immigrant, they really lose heart because there's very little they can do. Hard to believe, there's very little they can do and I'm sure you probably feel that way.

And I've had people say, oh, the police were so great until they found out that the person that did the killing is an illegal immigrant and then they all of a sudden pull back.

Beautiful.

Say hello to the family, OK?

No, it's wrong. It's wrong and everybody knows it's wrong. And the other side, I don't know, I guess it's -- I guess it's politics.

You have to get them out. You have to get them out, they overstay.

We have to track them, and you can track them. You know, modern technology is a great thing. You can track anybody, but people come into the country, they never leave and they don't leave. They're supposed to leave. People want them to leave. They may even think they're going to leave when they come in, who knows, but then they decide to stay.

And in some cases tremendous harm, and in other cases, a lot of economic harm. So, we have to do something.

Yeah.

They're doing it now, Sean. Look, we're taking in tens of thousands of people that we have no idea who they -- who they are, where they come from and they're all over the place. And I don't know if you know it, but your government is accepting people and they don't even know where they're being housed, they don't know where they're being taken care of, they're being put in California.

They're being put in different states. We go to Texas, you go to -- all over. You go to all over and -- and Sean, they don't know what's going on. Our government doesn't know what's going on. In the state of Texas -- we love Texas, right? We love Texas. But they're being put all over the place and our government officials, they don't know, they don't know, and it's very sad.

Well, the other thing about her is there's nothing -- you might as well let this get finished.

Might as well let the police do their job.

But you know, Hillary Clinton has no borders, there are no borders, she wants people to pour in, she couldn't care less. That's why the Border Patrol agents, they endorse me. They want -- they want people, her whole group, want people to just pour across the border like it doesn't even exist and we're going to have trouble like you've never seen before.

And I'm not talking about necessarily border, I'm talking about from a much bigger center.

This is a pretty exciting place.

I didn't know.

This is great.

Amazing.

Out. Over. Over -- over, out.

Right.

Well, this is brand new that you're just telling me this and I'm not that surprised, but that's a tremendous thing when you hear over half of the people, is that what you said?

That's incredible. Look, it's disgusting. It shouldn't be allowed what's going on with Hillary Clinton, there is no justice in this country. There is no justice in this country. Zero, and perhaps -- for her to have the privilege or the right to run for president with what she's done with deleting 33,000 emails and you can imagine what was on those emails.

It is so sad and the whole world is looking and the whole world is laughing at the United States.

One hundred percent. Look -- look -- And if you trace it, if you then trace it and you see the people that came in and what happened to those people, what did they get, because they were representing either a country or themselves, They got a lot, you just take a look, they got a Lot without question. They're not going there to say, gee, I just wanted to say hello, how's the weather.

These are sophisticated hardened people. They got a lot, they wanted a lot, they contributed a lot in order to get this kind of access, but they didn't get the access to say hello, Sean, they got the access because they wanted things.

And if you trace it back, you're going to find out that they got plenty.

Well, look, I have to be who I am, I mean, you know, to be honest. So -- And I think that's why I won the primaries. I think that's why I got more votes in the history of the Republican primary, nobody's gotten as many votes. I have to be who I am, but this is now about Hillary Clinton versus myself and, you know, I win.

I win in life, I win. I want to win. I have a very winning temperament, OK. I know how to win, and we are going to win.

And we're going to make America again. You know, we are going to make America great again, that's what it's all about.

Well, we're doing well. You see the polls came out in the Los Angeles Times. We're up two. We're, uh -- we seem to be doing well. Um, I can't tell you how important, I can say that I've enjoyed debating. I had 11 debates as you know, the last time and I did quite well. And I think they're going to be very important.

I really -- it looks like it's going to be three debates. I look very much forward to it. It will be a very interesting that especially the first one is going to be a very interesting evening. They think it's one of the -- going to be one of the highest rated shows in television history we'll find.

But I look forward to the debates, I think they're going to be very important.