Yes, good morning.

Oh, we're going to have to do that. I think we're going to have to do that. I did another show, and they just wouldn't let me off. As you say, I get the best ratings, or whatever you say.

They, Hugh, they would not let me off the show. I should have mentioned your name, okay?

No, of course not, and people know that. Rudy Giuliani was there, and being a lawyer, he made a very good case, and actually, a very strong case, but absolutely not. We're talking about the power of the voter. We're talking about the tremendous power, and you understand this probably better than anybody, the power behind the 2nd Amendment, the strength behind the 2nd Amendment. And we're talking about the power of the voter. And the voter does have tremendous power. And the Democrats want to decimate the 2nd Amendment. They want to literally decimate it. And if they get in, they are going to decimate it. But they have to go through various elections, and we're going to see what happens. But the National Rifle Association, which endorsed me, you know, they're very concerned about the Supreme Court and many other things. And I think that I can tell you, they endorsed me, I think the earliest endorsement they've ever made, and they feel very strongly about it. And they've been terrific. And these are great people. These, Wayne and Chris and all of them, they're great people. These are people that love our country.

So we're talking about the power of the voter.

No, the opposite. She is. If you look at her, and you listen to the Secret Service agent that wrote the book, she's a mess, a total mess. And she'll do an event, and then you don't hear from her. I think she goes home, she goes to sleep. You do, you follow her, just follow where she goes, and you know, she'll see, she'll do an event, she'll make a short speech off a teleprompter, and then she goes home and goes to sleep. I tell you, she is dangerous. And as far as temperament's concerned, you know, I've always been, I've always been, it's always been stated that I have the great temperament, because I have a winning temperament. I've been winning all my life. And that's what I do, is win. And that's what we have to do for our country on trade deals. We have to rebuild our military. It's totally depleted, as you know very well. We have to take care of our vets. We have so many things to do, it's incredible. And we're not a respected country. And you look at different countries, Russia hates us, they really dislike Obama so much, and other countries like China taking advantage of us, building a massive fortress in the South China Sea. You take a look at that, and you say how is that happening? And we can solve the problems. We can solve the problems easy. And then you look at the big problem where we have no growth. You look at it, I mean, look at the numbers that just came out. We have no growth. You know, Russia, if they have 7% or 8%, it's like a national catastrophe. So they devalue and they do lots of other things, and they get back on track, much to our expense, by the way.

Well, it is not illegal. It's seldom done, surprisingly, but it is not illegal by any stretch, and surprisingly seldom done. And it's one of the things I wonder about. Why is it so little done? And I was actually given a very good answer, because once you name somebody, they attack that person viciously, whereas if you don't and you win, and then you put the same person in, nobody cares. So if you name, you know, pick a good name and there are plenty of them, we pick a good name, we put them into a position, everybody's happy, that person for the next 90 days gets attacked viciously. That's why people haven't traditionally done that. Does that make sense to you?

Well, I think that's true. I think John Bolton's a good man. I watched him yesterday, actually, and he was very good in defending me in some of my views, and very, very strong. And I've always liked John Bolton. Well, we are thinking about it, Hugh. I will say that. We are thinking about it. I mean, the negative is what I told you. But we are seriously thinking about it.

Are they still around?

Yeah, number one, I'm going to live by that list or very close to it. It is possible there'll be somebody outside of that list that has very similar principles, and I think you don't want to totally preclude that. But the answer is yes, I'm living by the list, and yes, he can do whatever he wants, because it'll be either that list or somebody that is very close to it. In fact, I'm thinking about actually naming four or five more people to the list. You know, we had it vetted from The Federalist Society, and we had, and actually got the names from the Federalist, and that's considered pretty much the gold standard. We have Jim DeMint and his group --

-- knows those names and respect those names. I have a lot of respect for Jim DeMint. And we have, you know, we have a great list. It's a great list of people. Yeah, I mean, if we veered from that, I would say block it, and I would be very happy with that. And I wouldn't even fight it, because I won't have to.

Well, I don't know that it's hurting me. It's a very weak movement. It's a pathetic movement. I mean, if you just, you just mentioned it, the Supreme Court. If I don't get in, you're going to have, because they're being forced so far left by the Bernie Sanders crowd, if I don't get in, you are going to have, it could be four, it could even be five, there's a possibility, but let's say four or three Supreme Court justices named who are going to be super liberal. We're going to be Venezuela large-scale version. It's so important, that you would think that everybody should join the wagon.

But it looks like that won't happen, and that's okay. Don't forget, when I won, I didn't have the support of anybody. You know, I ran as an outsider. I happen to think I'm better off running as an outsider here, too. But you know, I'm getting along, and people don't really, you understand it, but people don't understand it. I have tremendous support within the party. I have many Senators, most of them, I have most of the Congress. I have tremendous people -- Jeff Sessions and so many others. But if we have a rogue, you know, that announces we're going to not support Trump, that person gets their one day of publicity, but you know, and they don't write all the other people that are with. But with that being said, you know, I run best as an outsider. And I've said it.

You know, I don't --

Well, because they cover things that are, that should not be covered. And they seem to like to cover anything I say. They try and dissect the words, and CNN in particular has been incredible in their, you know, they're trying so hard to get ratings, and it's not working. But they'll take something that is a totally, a totally fine statement, and they'll make it look like oh, gee, let's analyze it. They'll analyze it 77 different ways. In the end, it's fine, and they go onto their next story. And yet a story like you just mentioned, they don't cover it. It's incredible.

We have a double standard. We have a double standard in the press.

Yeah, but people don't cover it. The New York Times won't cover it, importantly, the various other newspapers won't cover it. I mean, they're very dishonest people. The New York Times is a very dishonest newspaper.

I'm not saying that. I'm saying they won't cover it much.

It'll be a one-time hit, because they have an obligation, and then you won't see it again.

It's something I don't even think about. You know --

I don't even think. I should let others out.

No, I don't think about it. I mean, honestly, they are so dishonest that I say yeah, let them get in there. They can come in. By the way, they're allowed to come in. You know, last night, I had 10,000 people. You probably saw that.

The place was packed. And you know, they can come in like everybody else. I'm just, you know, it's something I'm not, I don't think about it. But the, when you look at the kind of coverage, everybody admits it's dishonest. Some people say hey, I've been in this business for 25 years. There has never been a pile-on like this. And that's okay. They're very dishonest. They've very much discredited themselves. People see what's happening. It's a pile-on, and I find it interesting. I mean, I'll talk about it.

I talk about it. I talk about it at the rallies. But you know, it's something that is not of great importance.

Well, look, you know, I feel that if somebody's mistreating you, or if somebody's treating you badly, in this case, you know, constantly, I mean, just -- you know, I'll have days where I say wow, did we do good, that speech was great, everything was great, you know, we're getting accolades all over the place, and then you'll see negative stories. I've seen it. I mean, I've seen it. I've seen it with the debates where I won every single debate and every single poll. I mean, I don't know if you agree with that, but every single poll, you know, they have Drudge and they have Time and they have Time Magazine, and they have, you know, like six or seven, and I was in 11 debates. And according to the polls, I won them by massive margins -- 80%, 75%, and then to have somebody that I know would never give good, and they'll say, you know, they'll try and make it look like it wasn't a victory as opposed to it was. But the people get it. There's great dishonesty out there, Hugh.

Look, I understand that, but the press is 100% on her side.

And she's no good. She'll be terrible.

There was a story in the Washington Post yesterday that was so bad for her. That was why I was so shocked to see it, because it was in the Washington Post, which you know, doesn't do that. And it talked about her four years, her first four years as a Senator of New York. The promises she made to get economic development started in upstate New York, and what a disaster it turned out to be, they lost jobs instead of, she was going to create 200,000 jobs. It was a disaster. If anybody reads that story, they can't vote for Hillary Clinton.

Well, when you say meltdown, you mean by Roger?

Yeah, I was surprised. I was. Look, no matter what you say about him, he built one of the great, he was one of the great pioneers in the history of television. He built --

-- and incredible network in a relatively short period of time, and I was very surprised to see it, yes.

Well, we don't know who the moderator is at the first debate. I mean, I have to say, and one of the things, I want to do the debates, as you know, I fully want to do the debates. I think they shouldn't have them against the NFL games, but you know, I think that's, I think it's stupid. Now we're going to outdraw the NFL. We're going to outdraw everybody, but why are they giving up 25,000, 25 million viewers? I mean, they're giving up 25 million viewers, mostly men, by the way. But they're going to give up a lot of viewers, and they'll still have this massive show. But why are they putting them, I mean, why aren't they having it on a non-NFL night?

Two of the three debates are against, you know, big NFL games.

So you ask yourself, why would they do that, okay?

I think we can, and I think that will happen, and I think we'll agree on somebody. I don't like all of the people that you mentioned, but some of them are good.

I don't want to say that now. I'm not looking to insult anybody, but you know, I'm a person that doesn't like insulting people.

I'd rather not say. No, honestly, I'd rather not say at this moment. I've given some ideas to the commission. I'll be, you know, we'll be making a decision soon, but I do want the debates. Again, I think they should, and this isn't, you know, a real negotiation, but I think it's absolutely, it doesn't make sense to have them against the NFL. They're losing so many viewers. You're losing so many viewers, and we're going to set a record, but you'd set a bigger record if you didn't do that. It doesn't make sense.

No, I meant he's the founder of ISIS. I do. He was the most valuable player. I give him the most valuable player award. I give her, too, by the way, Hillary Clinton.

I don't care. He was the founder. His, the way he got out of Iraq was that that was the founding of ISIS, okay?

No, it's no mistake. Everyone's liking it. I think they're liking it. I give him the most valuable player award. And I give it to him, and I give it to, I gave the co-founder to Hillary. I don't know if you heard that.

I gave her the co-founder.

You're not, and let me ask you, do you not like that?

Well, I disagree.

I mean, with his bad policies, that's why ISIS came about.

If he would have done things properly, you wouldn't have had ISIS.

Therefore, he was the founder of ISIS.

But they wouldn't talk about your language, and they do talk about my language, right?

Oh, so much, so much. And by the way, it's really not enough to rebuild the infrastructure, but we need our roads, we need our highways, but we need them built, and this is so important, we need them built very rapidly. We need them built now. The roads are a disaster. You know, the trucks, these big trucking companies, they're losing their trucks because of the potholes and the problems and the roads. We need infrastructure, and it's got to be given out right. I'll give you an example. The old Post Office, which I'm building on Pennsylvania Avenue --

It's ahead of schedule by a year, and it's under budget. And it's much better than ever anticipated. In other words, I went even higher end. It's going to be one of the great hotels of the world. But I'm under budget and I'm ahead of schedule. Wouldn't it be nice if we could spend money like that?

No, no.

No, no, they don't know how to build, they don't know how to give out a contract, they don't know how to have no cost overruns. You know, there's a hospital, a Veterans Administration hospital in a certain place that I was in. I won't mention them, because they're great people, and I don't want to embarrass. They have a $1.2 billion dollar cost overrun on a hospital, not even that big. They have a $1.2 billion, I said you mean million, they said no, no, billion. We have a $1.2 billion dollar cost overrun, and it's way late, years late, it's totally out of control. $1.2 billion dollars. That says it all. And everything we build, it's the same thing.

Oh, yeah, sure, I'm going to debate, but I want to get the terms so that I'm satisfied with them. No, I want to debate. I want to debate.

Are you saying that? Are you saying that?

All right. Okay, well, look, okay --

I think Lester Holt is a good guy. I'm okay with having, to be honest with you, I'm okay with having new faces. I like some of the old faces, too, but I'm okay with having new faces. But I don't want to have people that are unfair. When you look at what Candy Crowley did with, you know, with Mitt Romney, that was so unfair. And she was wrong on top of everything.

I think she's had moments of great fairness.

I've never gotten along with her, no.

Never gotten along.

No, she is not a fan of mine, and I've never gotten along with her. So that --

I don't know her. I don't know her, but she says only bad things, so let's cross her name off.

No, I do not, I do not.

I am not a fan. So listen, take care of yourself, I have to go. Just be good and keep up the good show and I'll do it again very soon.

Okay. Thanks a lot.