DONALD TRUMP, R-PRESIDENT-ELECT: I think it's ridiculous. I think it's just another excuse. I don't believe it. I don't know why, and I think it's just -- you know, they talked about all sorts of things. Every week, it's another excuse.

We had a massive landslide victory, as you know, in the Electoral College. I guess the final numbers are now at 306. She's down to a very low number.

No, I don't believe that at all.

No, I don't think --

Well, if you look at the story and you take a look at what they said, there's great confusion. Nobody really knows.

And hacking is very interesting. Once they hack, if you don't catch them in the act, you're not going to catch them. They have no idea if it's Russia or China or somebody. It could be somebody sitting in a bed some place. I mean, they have no idea.

I'm not sure they put it out. I think the Democrats are putting it out because they suffered one of the greatest defeats in the history of politics in this country. And, frankly, I think they're putting it out. It's ridiculous.

We ought to get back to making America great again, which is what we're going to do. And we've already started the process.

Take a look. They're not sure. They're fighting among themselves. They're not sure.

Of course, we're going to make (ph) changes, you know, at the top. I mean, we're going to have different people coming in because we have our people, they have their people. And I have great respect for them.

But if you read the stories, the various stories, they're disputing. And certain groups don't necessarily agree. Personally, it could be Russia. It -- I don't really think it is. But who knows? I don't know either. They don't know and I don't know.

Yes.

Well, I get it when I need it.

First of all, these are very good people that are giving me the briefings. If something should change from this point, immediately call me. I'm available on one minute's notice.

I don't have to be told -- you know, I'm like a smart person. I don't have to be told the same thing and the same words every single day for the next eight years. It could be eight years -- but eight years. I don't need that.

But I do say if something should change, let us know. Now, in the meantime, my generals are great, are being briefed. Mike Pence is being briefed, who is, by the way, one of my very good decisions. He's terrific. And they're being briefed. And I'm being briefed also.

But if they're going to come in and tell me the exact same thing that they told me, you know, that doesn't change necessarily. There might be times where it might change. I mean, there will be some very fluid situations. I'll be there not every day but more than that.

But I don't need to be told, Chris, the same thing every day, every morning, same words. Sir, nothing has changed. Let's go over it again. I don't need that.

Well, it could be. I think President Obama's been terrific. He's been very respectful of the process and everything else. So, I saw that.

But -- and I want it too. I think it's great. I think -- I don't want anyone hacking us. And I'm not only talking about countries. I'm talking about anyone, period.

But if you're going to do that, I think you should not just say Russia, you should say other countries also, and maybe other individuals. It's not necessarily --

It could be. I mean, it could be. Hey, look, we had many people saying one of the great victories of all time. They're very embarrassed.

No, it's just something I've wanted to see. It's beautiful. It's hopefully going to be a good game. But really just something I want to see. It's the Armed Forces, the way I look at it. And I love and respect the Armed Forces.

I mean, it's going to be -- I think we're going to have a good time.

Well, I learned that I respected it. I respect people in the military. And I always have, at least since I've been there.

And we had military people there. We had drill sergeants and colonels. We actually had a general. I always respected those people. I learned at a young age, they're terrific.

No, I'm going to live in the White House with my family. Baron is going to finish up school because he's got just a couple months to go. So, it's a little hard to take him out of school. And Melania will be back and forth for that first couple of months.

No, we'll be staying in the White House.

No, I'll be working. I'll be working. It's a very special place and it represents so much. And there's a lot to do. There's a lot to do. More than I even thought.

It's -- so many things we can do to make America great again. That's what it's all about. And I'll be working. I won't be lonely at all.

Well, we're working that out right now. They're both very talented people. I won't be involved in my business at all, even though I have a legal right to be under the laws, as you know, because the president has a certain doctrine that he can do things.

But I just don't want to do it. Even if I could do it, which I'm allowed to, I wouldn't want to. I want to devote my time --

Well, theirs is a little bit different. And I think we'll have to see how the laws read. I would love to be able to have them involved.

If you look at Ivanka, you take a look, she's so strong, as you know, to the women's issue and childcare, and so many things she'd be so good. Nobody can do better than her. I'd just have to see whether or not we can do that. She'd like to do that.

I'd love to have Jared helping us on deals with other nations and see if we can do peace in the Middle East and other things. He's very talented. He's a very talented guy. So, we're looking at that from a legal standpoint right now.

Who's going to win? Who's going to win?

I think it's fantastic. These are incredible people. You see the enthusiasm, the spirit. Incredible.

Yes.

Big responsibility. We have to make the right decisions. You know, it really is -- it's a daunting responsibility. And we'll do the job.

I want to make good deals for this country. I don't need a $4.2 billion airplane to fly around in, OK? I don't need that, especially when it's totally out of control. You know, they've lost control of it. I let them know that I don't want this.

I just see things that's -- if you look at the F-35 program with the money, the hundreds of billions of dollars, and it's out of control. And the people that are making these deals for the government, they should never be allowed to go to work for these companies.

You know, they make a deal like that and two or three years later, you see them working for these companies that made the deal. I'm going to a very -- you know, lobbyists I'm doing. This is bigger than the lobbyists. When people order from these massive companies, these massive deals, I don't want the people making these horrible -- and they're horrible deals -- the overruns, the cost overruns, I don't want them going to work for the companies after the deals are made. They should have a lifetime restriction.

No, no. No, I don't want to do that at all. I just want what's right. EPA, you can't get things approved. People are waiting in line for 15 years before they get rejected, OK?

That's why people don't want to invest in this country. I mean, you look at what's going on -- and you can look at a jobs report, but take a look at the real jobs report, which are the millions of people that gave up looking for work, and they're not considered in that number that's less than 5 percent. OK?

I mean, we have jobs that are in the pipeline, and I deal with all the executives, the big ones and the small ones. I have really gotten to know this country.

And when you have to wait 10 and 15 years for an approval and then you don't even get the approval, it's no good.

So, we're going to clean it up. We're going to speed it up. And, by the way, if somebody is not doing the right thing, we're not going to approve.

Sure. And they were good meetings.

Sped up (ph) the process.

Sure.

Yes, I think it's a big scam for a lot of people to make a lot of money. In the meantime, China is eating our lunch because they don't partake in all of the rules and regulations that we do.

I am open-minded.

I'm still open-minded. Nobody really knows.

I've -- look, I'm somebody that gets it. And nobody really knows. It's not something that's so hard and fast.

I do know this: other countries are eating our lunch. If you look at what China is doing, if you look at what -- I could name country after country. You look at what's happening in Mexico where our people -- just our plants are being built. They don't wait ten years to get an approval to build a plant, OK? They build it like the following day or the following week.

We can't let all of these permits that take forever to get stop our jobs. I won because of the fact that people that are great, great American people have been forgotten. I call them the forgotten man and the forgotten woman. They've been forgotten.

And you, in all fairness, and all of the folks in your world, and business, you forgot about these people. They're not going to forget about them in four years. They're already trying to figure out what happened. But I understood it because I understand our country.

OK. Let me not answer the Dakota because perhaps that'll be solved by the time I get there, so I don't have to create enemies on one side or the other. But I will tell you when I get to office, if it's not solved, I'll have it solved very quickly.

I'm not saying anything. I just say something will happen, and it'll be quick. I think it's very unfair. So, it'll start one way or the other.

You'll have a decision pretty quickly. And also, the Keystone Pipeline, you're going to have a decision fairly quickly. And you'll see that.

Now, Paris, I'm studying. I do say this -- I don't want that agreement to put us at a competitive disadvantage with other countries. As you know, there are different times and different time limits on that agreement. I don't want that to give China or other countries signing agreements and advantage over us.

No.

Well, President Obama named three generals also. And, you know, these are tremendous people. Sort of in certain cases, they transitioned into civilian life.

But I like generals. I think generals are terrific. You know, they go through schools and sort of end up at the top of the pyramid. And it's like a test.

They passed the test of life. That's how they got to be a general and other people didn't. So I sort of like generals. I like the three that I have very, very much.

I'm getting very close. Getting very, very close.

I just have -- I have someone in mind that I think will be really fabulous. I think we're going to have one of the great cabinets ever put together. We're getting that kind of review.

Well, in his case, he's much more than a business executive. I mean, he's a world class player. He's in charge of, I guess, the largest company in the world. He's in charge of an oil company that's pretty much double the size of his next nearest competitor. It's been a company that's been unbelievably managed.

And to me, a great advantage is he knows many of the players. And he knows them well. He does massive deals in Russia. He does massive deals for the company, not for himself, but the company.

No, no, but I have -- I have tremendous respect for him. He's a world class player.

I have others -- I know you are and you're doing very well. But I have others also that I think -- I mean, Bob Corker is a fantastic guy. Mitt Romney, I've really gotten to know him, and I get along with him really well.

But these are -- you know, these are all very different types of people. But when you ask me about Rex, I mean, he's a world-class player. There's no question about it.

I'm so focused on doing a great job as president.

Oh, it's all wrong. No, no. It's all wrong. Not weeks.

I took a call. I heard the call was coming probably an hour or two before. I fully understand the One-China policy. But I don't know why we have to be bound by a One-China policy unless we make a deal with China having to do with other things, including trade.

I mean, look, we're being hurt very badly by China with devaluation, with taxing us heavy at the borders when we don't tax them, with building a massive fortress in the middle of the South China Sea, which they shouldn't be doing.

And, frankly, they're not helping us at all with North Korea. You have North Korea, you have nuclear weapons, and China could solve that problem. And they're not helping us at all.

So, I don't want China dictating to me. And this was a call put into me. I didn't make the call. And it was a call, very short call, saying, "Congratulations, sir, on the victory." It was a very nice call. Short.

And why should some other nation be able to say, I can't take a call? I think it would have been very disrespectful, to be honest with you, not taking it.

Right.

I would have been honored. So, let me just tell you --

-- I don't have to do it myself. I have great people. We have top, top smart people. But it's so easy to do.

And we're going to have to impose a major tax on companies that leave, bill their product, and think they're going to sell it right to our border, like we're a bunch of --

That is -- that's not free market when they go out and move and sell back into our country.

No, that's the dumb market, OK? That's the dumb market.

I'm a big free trader. But it has to be fair. So, what's happened is we have lost, over a period of years, short years, 70,000 factories in this country. Chris, 70,000.

I always say to people, I think it's a typo. How could it be so many? Seventy thousand factories. We're being stripped of our workers. We're being -- I mean, we're being stripped of our jobs, our good jobs are really good down, and we've got to stop it. And the only way you're going to stop it, the nice way is, we're reducing taxes very substantially for companies so they're not going to have to leave because of taxes. We'll be reducing regulations. Now those are the nice ways of doing it and everyone loves it and everyone's happy. Businesses, way down. Also middle class, but way down, OK, taxes and regulations.

But when a company wants to move to Mexico or another company -- or another country and they want to build a nice, beautiful factory and they want to sell their product through our border, no tax, and the people that all got fired, so we end up with unemployment and debt, and they end up with jobs and factories and all of the other things, not going to happen that way. And the way you stop it is by imposing a tax.

Now, I've come up with a number of 35 percent. There is no tax if you don't leave. There is no tax at all. You know, people are saying, they don't understand, really, what I'm doing. I read The Wall Street Journal the other day. Honestly, their editorial board doesn't get it. I don't think they understand business. I don't think The Wall Street Journal editorial board -- and I know some of them. They're really nice. I don't think they understand business. They don't understand what I'm saying.

There's a 35 percent tax, but there is no tax if you don't move. But if you move your plant or factory and you want to sell back into our country, you fire all your people, there are going to be consequences for that. There are going to be consequences. You know what's going to happen?

I'll tell you.

Nobody's going to move. They're not going to move. They're not going to leave. They're going to stay here.

Well, essentially I'm not going to have anything to do with the management of the company.

When I ran, everybody knew that I -- I was a very big owner of real estate all over the world. I mean, I'm not going to have anything to do with the management of the company. You know, when you sell real estate, that's not like going out and selling a stock. That takes a long time. It takes -- I have -- I'm going to have nothing to do with it. And I'll -- I'll be honest with you, I don't care about it anymore. I'm so focused on doing a great job as president, I don't care if our rent (ph) (INAUDIBLE) goes up a little bit or down. I couldn't care less.

My -- my executives will run it with my children. It's a big company. It's a great company. But I'm going to have nothing to do with management. I --

Well, that's different because --

She's taken in massive amounts of money from foreign countries and other things.

It is impossible to figure out where the Clinton Foundation ends and the State Department begins. It is now abundantly clear that's the Clintons set up a business to profit from public office.

This is different.

No. If -- if like somebody rents a hotel -- a hotel room.

Chris, this is all stuff that's done --

No. No.

If I were going to do new deals right now, I am turning down billions of dollars of deals. I will tell you, running for president, the money I spent is peanuts compared to the money I won't make. And that's OK because this is so important. What I'm doing is so important.

This is a calling. This is so -- this is a movement. It's not just me, it's millions and millions of people. You got to see it firsthand. I'm not going to be doing deals at all. No, that would be -- I don't even know if that's a conflict. I mean I -- I have the right to do it. You know under the law I have the right to do it. I just don't want to do it. I don't want to do deals because I want to focus on this.

But by my not doing deals, I turned down seven deals with one big player, great player, last week because I thought it could be perceived as a conflict of interest.

It was -- it was probably a billion dollars of deals that I turned down because it was --

No, it's totally different. They're not -- they're not -- they're not president. I mean, they're not president. But they're not going to do it either. Oh, I see what you're getting at. No, they're not making deals either for my company.

They're not making deals. And they're going to run my company. I have a lot of property and great stuff. They're going to run it. They're going to run it. Hopefully they're going to run it properly. I'm sure they're going to run it properly. But I'm not going to do deals. And I think, you know, I think that's going to be good.

So we disagree on things, but we haven't really discussed things that we disagree on. I've spoken to him another time. I'm going to be speaking to him today actually. He has treated me really well. He's made us feel very welcome.

Well, I don't want to tell you what we discuss, but -- and some of it I've agreed with him a lot. You know, people don't read about the stuff that you agree on. But there are things that we disagree on. And probably never going to be able to change that. But we do get along well. I'm -- I'm surprised at how well we get along. And I think he might say the same thing. And I think you're seeing that from him.

Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you very much.