Well, thank you, Don.

Well, I think one of the reasons that I've resonated is people understand that I know about business and I know not only deal making but also management. And I think it's a very important element in what we're getting into. Because frankly, if you look at what so many countries are doing to us, the way they're taking advantage of the United States, that won't happen with me and we'll make our country rich again and we'll make our country great again.

But you need a business background, at least especially now when we're doing so badly. We owe $19 trillion in debt and we're doing so poorly. And I think a -- a person that has a tremendous record at business is certainly, would certainly, be a help.

Right, well, you certainly can and we need a wall and if you want to ask about walls, ask Israel, they have a wall and it works 100 percent, or almost 100 percent. And, you know, they've had tremendous success with it and we need a wall too from the drug standpoint, from people coming over, just walking into our country.

We can't do that. We have -- we're a country of laws and to come into this country, you have to come in legally and I love people coming in legally, but that's the word, they have to come in legally. So, we're going to build a wall. Mexico's going to pay for the wall. You know, everyone says the politicians all say, oh, you'll never get them to do that.

Well, you will get them to do that and the reason is we lose a tremendous amount of money every year on trade with Mexico, close to $45 billion. I mean the numbers that are -- that's staggering. We're losing so much money, and we give Mexico tremendous amounts of money. So, they'll get a little bit less and we're going to build the wall.

It's going to come from Mexico and the wall will be built and it'll be paid for essentially by Mexico.

Well, we have it all over the world. I mean, if you look at China, what they're doing to us, they're taking our money, they're taking our jobs, they're taking everything. We have all the leverage. We've rebuilt China. You take a look at just what I said about the wall, everyone said all the politicians that I'm running against, right, every one of them.

Well, you'll never get Mexico to pay. Well, then when I explained that we have a trade imbalance of $45 billion a year, and when I explained that we give billions of dollars over the years to Mexico, people start saying, oh, maybe we can get them to pay. They don't know, they don't have a clue, it's not what they do.

Well, I think that there's so many of them, we make them all. I think the Iran deal has to go down as number one. But you look at the deals we make with China where they're going to go out 32 and 35 years before they start meeting certain standards and we have to do it immediately. And the problem with that is our businesses can't compete, then you wonder why is China so much more competitive?

There are many reasons, most particularly the devaluation of their currency, which is just incredible what they're doing to us. So, China is killing us in every way. Yesterday there was a front page article in The New York Times that China is using much, much more coal, much more coal. It's just spewing it into the air, not clean coal, because there's a place for clean coal, but they're using just spewing it into the air, unlimited amounts of coal, and it was an amazing article.

And it was the main story on the front page of The New York Times that they've totally violated everything that we've even thought about. And that's the way it is with China, that's the way it's always going to be with China. And then we wonder why we can't compete. We can't compete because of things like that.

It's a huge factor, Don, and frankly it's a factor that now for the first time in many, many years can turn to our advantage because due to new technology and fracking and various other things, we have so much energy under our feet. We don't need it from the Middle East anymore very shortly. If we'd open up, we certainly wouldn't need it. We don't need it from anywhere.

We have it for ourselves and we have excess capacity that we can sell. And you know, we're a huge seller of coal to China, if you think about it. So, we can't use coal, but China can -- and China -- China's using it in a very unfortunate way. So, we are -- we are -- whoops you have a buzzer going off there, Don, but that's OK. Did you hear that buzzer?

Yeah, something going off, but that's OK. I don't know if it's your phone or mine, but that's OK. Regardless it just makes the conversation more interesting. Maybe that's maybe that's the Chinese calling asking us to stop talking about them.

But it is a -- it is a tremendous problem and it's a problem that, uh, that that we really can now make an asset. But the problem of China and what we're doing and our negotiators that don't know what they're doing is a tremendous problem.

They don't talk about the veterans.

I'm there, I see the other candidates, they never even mentioned the veterans. They don't care about the veterans. They don't even mention them. And you're right, I think I should get -- I mean, I hope to get 100 percent of the veteran votes. I'm the only one that cares about the veterans. I have a veterans plan out where if the veteran has to wait, they go to a doctor and we pay the bill.

A doctor that's, you know, located fairly near or a hospital that's located near, even if it's public; public or private, what difference does it make? They have to get care. We're losing thousands and thousands of veterans a year. I mean, the numbers are staggering when you really hear them. They're dying because they can't get care.

So, I'm going to take care of the veterans and nobody else is even talking about the subject. Just like nobody else really talks about illegal immigration until I brought it up.

I do have. I mean it's amazing. I see so many people. I'll go out on a tour and you'll see these shirts with -- with logos, with Trump something and women for Trump and vets for Trump and these are organizations and I don't even know about them. They're just forming because they -- they want to help, they hear what I'm saying, they know me, they've known me for many years indirectly, I guess, just by watching.

So, I guess I've been pretty much of an open book. But I have tremendous support out there, there's no question about it and that's why my polls, I'm leading in virtually every state. I guess I'm leading -- now that I'm leading in Iowa, again, I'm leading in every state.

Well, Crippled America, tough title, and I decided to go with that title, it was a little bit like should I do it or should I not do it? Even the picture was the worst picture I took, and I used it because it showed that I'm not happy. We have a country that is in such trouble with the debt, $19 trillion in debt, with our military, can't do anything.

We just, you know, don't win anymore. We have ISIS we can't beat. Now ISIS is blowing up airplanes and other things and everything is wrong. With the Iran deal, the Sergeant Bergdahl, we get him, he's a traitor, he's no good, he's a traitor, and they get five of the killers that they've wanted. Everything we do is wrong We can't make trade deals etc.

So, I talk about this in the book. Most importantly, I'm just not a critic. I talk about how to fix them. And I think the book hit number one on Yahoo! yesterday. So, after two days, it hit number one. It's a -- it's the toughest book that I've written and I think the hardest I've worked on a book since the Art of the Deal.

Oh, yeah, that was great.

It was amazing.

They're all amazing. I mean, I go to Dallas, it's the same thing. I go to Oklahoma. We had 20,000 people in Dallas, 20,000 people in Oklahoma, 35 people in Alabama, 35,000 people in Alabama. When you think of it, 35,000 people we had to use a football stadium, it's amazing and the level is just like you saw in Jacksonville, which is such a great place, and those people were so incredible.

But it's like that all over the country. It's like a movement, and they just want to stop being ripped off by everybody. They're tired of being ripped off by every country. You look at this Iran deal where we give them $150 billion, we get nothing, we don't even get our prisoners back. And they're tired of being ripped off.

I will, Don. And I appreciate it very much and you take care of yourself.

Thank you very much.