Thank you. So, so great to be with you

Well, I had the first woman supervisor and I was very proud of that. You're right, I don't get very much credit for it. But they don't like to mention that. But I've had many, many women in top positions and I'm very proud of it, and I think I was sort of one of the first, certainly very early on. And I'm... you know, it's something that is so great. And they did such a great job.

Yeah.

And that was a long time ago, don't forget. Today, you'll have women in charge, and they do a fantastic job. I have women today.

I think I was the first, certainly of a major building in New York City, absolutely.

Oh absolutely, without question. You know, I probably have 50%, maybe even more than that, right now, in executive positions at the Trump Organization, and we're a very big company. Very, very successful, and they do a fantastic job, and... but I have a tremendous number of women working for me at top levels.

Well I do that, and frankly I have women... I have the opposite problem. Sometimes, I have women being paid more than men. I have a problem with the men, where they're saying the women are making more money than we are. So yeah, it just works out well and and they have been so incredible, something I'm very proud of.

I look for energy. I look for honesty. You know about honesty.

I look for... but you know, they need that energy. Without energy, it just doesn't seem to work, to me. I just see that you need that drive, whatever it is. You certainly need knowledge. I love education when you can get it, but I've had people without great education that have done a great job. Also, but you... and I think there's a certain instinct that some people have you know you have that ability, whether it's business, where I'm involved, or hitting a baseball, or playing sports. You know, there's some people just with a certain ability. If you can find that person, it's a very special thing.

It's true. It's so, so true. Oftentimes, they won't do a good job because they don't like what they're doing, or they don't have the aptitude or ability and honestly... you... they never love when you let them go, you understand that. It's funny. I've had people with me for ten years, and I paid them well and everything else and you can fire them easily, meaning nice and easy, or a little bit rougher or even quite rough. It doesn't matter. They wake up the next morning, they've been fired and, generally speaking, they're not too happy. In other words, they'll see you'll mention the name Trump, or whatever perhaps in your case, pad but they'll mention the name and they'll say, oh he fired me. Could you still known to them for firing rap so it's sort of an interesting thin,g but often times when somebody's not doing the job, the best thing you can do not only for yourself but for them, yeah is to tell them to go find something they like more.

One of the worst run enterprises. You take a look what's happening with the veterans is so sad, and we're working with the veterans very closely. We have tremendous veteran support. I don't know if you know, even the polls are showing us, you know, way, way, way ahead with the veterans. We're going to work with the veterans.

Well, in Phoenix, the answer is in theory, you can't, but I'd do it anyway. In Phoenix, they have people who got caught stealing yeah and they couldn't fire them. Okay, they're going through a process right now, so I think it's terrible. Look, the rules have to be changed. The whole government has to change... become so bureaucratic, but there's a good example. The Veterans Administration is so poorly run. With us, it'll change.

Well I think that's right. That was actually a very complimentary article I appreciated it.

Well you have to I mean when you're doing business very interesting when you do as much business as I have you sort of learn really a lot about a lot and if you don't know things you're not going to be doing that as you said you built a million feet when you do that kind of work you get to know everybody you get to know from the Foundation's to the plumbers to the sheetrock right to the carpenters you know the whole thing I mean you get to know a lot but yeah I think she's probably right about that.

I thought I gave a good answer and we talked about religious liberty, we talked about Second Amendment meaning I talked about and I thought Hillary did very poorly in that debate I thought it was not a good job.

Right, absolutely right, she was giving that answer and I'm sitting there saying, "What's going on?" Look, Hillary, I don't want to say overrated. Why should I say anybody's overrated? But Hillary would do a poor job as president. If you look at the job she's done for our country, if you look at the Middle East and the disaster, that is, if you look at New York State where she was a Senator and she was going to bring jobs back to upstate New York. Take a look at what happened. It was a disaster.

You know Heller, the the DC law said: only people with permits can have guns permits ,are hard to get. Even if you have a permit and you have a gun in your house, you have to disassemble it. So if a woman's got a gun and a burglar comes in, she's got to go and take it all the sorting, I mean it makes women terribly vulnerable, but she gave the wrong answer and I think I straightened the answer out. Yes, she gave the wrong answer and she wasn't called for it, but that's happened. A lot.

Well, it's true and actually Judge Scalia is the one that was so involved and I don't know if it was his last decision. It was one of his latter decisions, but you know where I'm going to replace. As you know, and I've been very strong, he was sort of a role model from the standpoint of what I'm looking to do and he is replacing our judges and one of the important things I think about when we think in terms of the Supreme Court pad That is such an important element of this election.. This president, whoever it may be hopefully it'll be me, is going to be replace to three could even before mm-hmm and we could even before Supreme Court judges, I mean perhaps more than anyone. I even heard the scenario it can be: five.

The Federalist Society vetted very carefully great scholars, pro-life, very, very fine people. Second amendment -- and you know, I think, a very good list. We have a list of twenty judges and all been vetted by Federalist Society and I think yeah, it's gotten great. It's gotten great marks.

Probably worse. It's probably what counted to her wasn't bad at al. I mean it wasn't even like a little bit.

And I said it very strongly a lot of people in. I must say I've been called by a lot of pastors. I'Ve been called by priests, thanking me because they said they've never heard anyone explain it quite the way I explained it.. So if you can help get the word out.

Well, according to the rules of Hillary, you can take the baby at nine months and you can imagine what you have to do to that baby to get it out, and you can take that baby at nine months and you can abort. And a day prior to birth, you could take the baby. And I said it's unacceptable. A lot of people, even on the other side of that issue, agreed with me on that

I'm pro-life and I'll tell you, I see more and more people going that route, and you see it too. You know when you talked about as an example other things where they become less and less popular or more popular. The whole pro-life movement is becoming more and more politically popular in terms of politically popular, which actually surprises people through and you're, seeing it too, I think, but it's become more and more standard politically, and I think that's a great thing.

Well, I'll, let you know on November 8th the evening of November 8th, all right and we'll see how does it, but I think we did very well in the debate. We'Ve gotten great marks with a lot of people said. Most people said we won that debate pretty easily. It may be one of the reasons we wanted was pro-life. I think so.

That was the first question. It's very interesting. That was the first question of the evening now.

First of all, I have to say we have to negotiate renegotiate trade agreement. Yes an afternoon. These trade agreements are just sucking the jobs right out of our country in Virginia and every other place and they're just taking our jobs. So we have to renegotiate trade agreements and if we can't make the right deal, we're going to end it and will I want to be free. Trade -- I'm a hundred percent free trade. But these deals are horrible.. What's going on now, they want to do TPP, Trans-Pacific Partnership, which is going to be another disaster. All standard equipment All standard, and that will have something goes from the gold standard to then she heard me talking about it and now she goes against it. But if she ever once you'd sign it in a heartbeat, she'd sign it in a minute we're going to be substantially cutting taxes not only for the middle class but for business. We'Re bringing it down from thirty five percent to fifteen percent, and that will be such an unbelievable because our businesses that are leaving this country because taxes are too well, they can't compete. It can't compete. They can't compete massive regulation cutting another problem. You know one of the things that surprised me most in going around meeting big business owners, small business owners if they had their choice between the tax cut and the regulation cut, they would take the regulation. That's how bad regulation is. It must, as a half a trillion to the drain, Alico its know much more than that more than theirs, so massive, the amount of money that our that this country, not even forget the money, the jobs, the businesses that we lose because of regulation and our businesses Can'T compete well, why do they keep our? They are so opposed to this. It looks like it's common sense. Huh, it's almost become an industry regulations become an Indian. I mean one of the things that we have anywhere from three to five trillion dollars offshore outside of the country and companies that we have here can't get the money back. They can't bring it back because of bureaucracy and because of the high tax and it's billions, and it's really trillions of dollars. It's at least it's probably at least three could be five.

It's okay. He'll do it with the executive order, and I'll undo it with an executive order. It's the only good thing about his executive orders. You can undo them very rapidly.

We have no choice. Look whether it's on the border or regulation. We have no choice. We have to the regulations are killing our businesses. Our businesses can't make it they can't expand. You can't start new businesses today, it's very hard to start a new business because of regulation, so we have to we're going to cut the regulations down very substantial okay, you need them for safety and you need them to a certain extent, for the environment, to a Great extent, certainly, but we are so over regulated, then our businesses can't compete.

We're losing it, and we're losing it rapidly. So it has to happen.

I think she said she may have been for it. Look. The whole thing with Syria is crazy. Syria wants to fight Isis. Russia is now a Syria Iran, which we made a powerful nation country. In a matter of moments, I mean Iran was in big trouble with Kerry and Hillary. We made them. This oranda is one of the worst deals ever so they're powerful. So then, now with Syria, we want to fight Isis but you're, fighting Isis and you're fighting Syria and you're fighting Russia and you're fighting Iran. We have people, they don't know what they're doing and then we go into Mosul and we tell them we're going to go. Ataque Mosel for four months we've been saying we're going to attack so everybody in mozo that we wanted. We need. The leaders of Isis have gone yeah and you see, what's going on, you see how badly that fight is going they're using human shields, they're all dug in whatwhat about the element of surprise. Will we go in and we do the job the right way, but we've been hearing about Mosul now for months that we're going to attack and they've been plenty ready and it's turning out to be a very tough deal. It'S so sad. The way our country is run, it so said the decisions we make, but there's a decision. If you want to go into Mosul, you don't tell people for four months now they're having a hard time and they're really dug in and the people that we wanted. The leaders of ISIS are gone,

I think we put new people in but look I'm sure some of the generals are excellent I have over 200 generals and admirals endorsing me. I'm sure some of the generals are excellent but I think they have very poor leadership and I think it's being run by Obama.

There's lies on everything having to do with it. How about Jonathan Gruber, the architect of Obamacare was laughing at how stupid the American people are for agreeing to this for doing this, and that was a year ago, two years ago and now he's gone. Obamacare is a disaster rates are going up, 60, 70, 80 %. The deductibles are so high. You can't use it it's it's a terrible thing, we're going to repeal it and replace it.

Oh, I think it's a great pledge. I think it's a great pledge -- and you know it's a pledge that I would like to make, but I will say this some of the well, maybe you just don't say anything as an example with Mosul with the way they've had -- and I know I understood and You said, except for that, just because you have to do sometimes what you have to do for the safety of our people in our nation sure. But no you don't want to lie to the American people. You know. Obama lied about Obamacare in many ways he lied. Frankly, if he didn't like he could have never gotten it through, because the Democrats went along because they actually believed him. they're very unhappy with it. Obamacare is falling of its own weight, but we're going to terminate it we're going to repeal it and replace it.

Thank you very much Pat. Thank you.