OK. I guess I'm all set. Thank you.

Want to switch --

Maybe I'll take this out, OK?

Or I'll tell you what I'll do, I'll just put it there. Would you like me to address you as bishop or apostle?

Either one's OK?

Sure.

It's my honor.

Yes, I am.

Yes, I am.

Yes, I am.

Well, I'm Presbyterian and I grew up in Queens New York and I went to First Presbyterian Church of Jamaica when I was a little boy. And I'd go to Sunday school religiously. I go all the time. My mother and father would bring me and there was just an amazing -- I had a great childhood but the church was very important.

It was a -- something that was just automatic. And sadly Bishop, you don't see it today the same way. But Sunday school was something that you didn't think about. It was just something you automatically did.

I'd go to church with my parents. I was originally and still there. It's a very old church actually. It's a beautiful church, a beautiful white wooden church and I saw it about a year ago. I passed it. I was in that general area. I said I want to go past First Presbyterian Church but -- so, I had a -- a very Christian upbringing.

Well, I think it does. I'm in a rough and tumble world as you know. There's probably -- we all are in our own ways but I live in a crazy world and a crazy life I'm having, and it's been a lot of fun and I've had a lot of success. And I think, that's why I'm doing this. I want to bring success to this country.

This country is so far behind in so many ways, we're losing it. And certainly, if you look at the inner cities even driving up to your beautiful establishment, your beautiful church. You know, you see the closed doors and you see the trouble. I mean, you can look. That's what I do. I'm -- Number one I'm a real estate person and I -- I can look at an area and I can see and I can see the trouble.

I can see the lack of jobs without looking at the stats and it's very sad. It's very sad to see and I will bring it back. I will bring the inner cities back. I'll bring a lot of things back that no politician is going to do. It's a different mindset.

Amazing.

Well, it's very sad to me and I look at it. And again, from a real estate mindset, I say, wow, it's so much -- you know, you could see this thriving probably 30 years ago and like you said that's a big shopping center and you have your church here, and you've done a beautiful job and this is a vibrancy right here.

But for the most part, it's in such trouble. It's -- honestly, it's unbelievable. You know, you see there's potential but the potential isn't being recognized and Detroit's having a very hard time. But there are many cities, inner cities that are having tremendous -- I mean, I could go through them so much.

You see what's going on in Baltimore and you see what's going on in Oakland, and you see what's going on and so many. I mean, just so many and nothing's being done about it except talk. There -- the politicians keep talking, talking. Give me a vote and then, we'll see you in four years. So, I want to change that.

Right.

That's right.

Well, that was a terrible thing. And he was -- I think he was a sick -- you know, he is a very sick person to start off with. He's crazy. But the amazing outpouring of love after that event --

That was a horrible event. It was a horrible tragedy. And you're right, they embraced him and then something went crazy.

But you know, the outpouring, it really sent a signal because that was an outpouring of love. It was -- it was so beautiful to see what happened afterwards.

But what they have to do is we need spirit in our country and we don't have that spirit. We're really very much a divided country, and I think, one of the things bishop that's so important is jobs. We just don't have jobs. If you look at African-American youth we'd have 58% unemployment, 58%. And they really don't have much hope right now.

And I will bring hope because I'm going to bring our jobs back but we need jobs and we need spirit.

Right, right.

I think, the President has to be a cheerleader for the country. Aside from everything else. You know, there's a lot of things happening but I think, the President of the United States has to be a cheerleader for the country. And you have to bring the Black and the White and the everything. You have to bring everybody together, different income groups.

There's tremendous division right now and you probably would say that you've seen it as much as you've ever seen it. Maybe more than you've ever seen it before but there's tremendous division right now. Incredible. And I'll tell you, a lot of it has to do with the fact that certainly in the inner cities, there's no jobs.

If you look at Baltimore, if you look at D.C., if you look at different places, there are no jobs. The jobs have left our country to such an extent that you have to see what's going on in Mexico. It's like the eighth wonder of the world. The factories that are being built, the plants that are being built, the car plants.

We're not doing that here. We're not doing that. We're losing our manufacturing. We're losing our base. And it really puts people in a very bad position. But aside from that you have to be a cheerleader.

Right.

Right.

Go ahead.

Right.

Well, it's a very rough situation that you have. And I know -- you know, a lot of people went to prison and they have that on their record and you can understand both sides of it. And Clinton, with the crime bill that was passed, you know, he takes a lot of -- takes a lot of -- a lot of people don't like what he did years ago.

Well, I think, what you do and I think what I do, why I'm different is that I'm not a politician. And being a nonpolitician sometimes you will say, well, he's too direct. But being a nonpolitician, I think, that's a positive thing because we can get things straightened out. Again, the problem that Kevin has is there aren't enough jobs.

So, he's got that on his resume which is a negative. Let's face it. It's a negative, and so, people that are employers have the pick. They can do whatever they want to do. Once you have the jobs and the people coming in that are going to create the jobs, they'll be taking Kevin. They'll be taking everybody else.

But right now, when they see that, they didn't see it at the beginning but they saw that the end. They consider that to be a negative. But we have to bring jobs back so that Kevin cannot just have, you know, maybe get one job. We can have a choice of five or six different jobs and he can get more money and higher wages.

You know, bishop, right now, if you look back 18 years ago, people were making more money than they're making right now. You see it better than I would. But I mean, it's a statistic. Eighteen years ago, people made more money and they worked not as hard and they were younger. Now, they're older, many of my are working two jobs, and they're making less money.

It's going in reverse. It's supposed to be going, you know, as you get older, you're supposed to maybe ease up a little bit, right? But they're older, they're working harder, and in some cases, they need two jobs. It's a -- it's just bad what's happened to the country and we have to turn it around and we have to create jobs.

And then, somebody like Kevin will have his pick. They'll be wanting him.

Create -- we have to create jobs. We have no choice.

Absolutely.

Yeah. Well, what you do is amazing. African-American people that are really talking about a very similar product -- you know, thing because we can't -- they can't get -- one of them makes product, OK? And they can't distribute it. One of them can't get the help because of certain problems they have. I mean, it's all things that you would think would be pretty simple to solve.

But it's very, very hard for them. You know, a lot of it is special interests because the special interests have companies and they want to move the companies. They want to move them to different countries because they get certain advantages and a lot of it has to do with special interest groups. The good news is very few of them represent me. I can tell you that right now.

But being a nonpolitician is a big thing. This is the first time that's going to happen. Don't forget, you and I would have had the same conversation 10 years ago, 20 years ago, 30 years ago about the inner cities that we're having right now.

Right. Right.

Right. Right.

Yeah.

Right. I saw that.

For the inner cities more than anybody because the inner cities are being hurt by crime. You know, it's interesting. When you look at Chicago and you look at the tremendous number. They've had 2,800 shootings since the beginning of the year. People have been hit by bullets. That's like -- that's worse than worse.

Oh, it's true. So, we need the law enforcement and I'll tell what. I know, I have so many African-American friends that actually have great respect and love the law enforcement because they want it. They want more of it because they have to. You can't walk down the street and get shot.

Yeah. Terrible. I saw that. I thought it was terrible.

I thought it was terrible.

I saw a number of them. I saw a number of them, all three. I mean, you mentioned the other one who was shot in the car.

Terrible.

Yeah. Terrible.

Well, that was a bad one. I mean, there have been a number of very bad ones and you see them now maybe more than ever before because of cell phone cameras and camera, even -- even when they wear the cameras, the police wear the cameras. You need training. You have to have training.

You have to have training. You have to have better training, obviously, than what they have. The one problem is, you'll always have bad apples. You know that. No matter how good we are, no matter how good. And remember that, you know, for 100,000 good acts, if there's one bad act, that act -- and you and I are talking about the same act because I didn't like them.

Maybe better than you and I said it. I was very open and I'm very strong for law enforcement but I was very open. I saw some of these things. I said that's not, that's not right. You didn't even mention -- a couple I could mention more than you mentioned. I mean --

I saw that.

I saw that.

Right.

It's true.

Right.

Well, I will. And I will say this. Again, you're always going to have bad apples.

We have to all understand that because nobody just said nothing like that will ever happen. But I will say, it's such a rarity. Now, the difference is when that happens, it's on television, it's played, you know, over and over and over again because we do have -- as you know, better than me maybe. You have wonderful police who are doing a wonderful job.

They do a wonderful job.

But it is training. And and if you see something, if they -- 'cause sometimes, you can spot people. As you know, you can spot people and they see somebody that they think is going to be a -- trouble, they have to do something about it.

I think, conceptually, that would be good. I think a lot of times, for instance, some of the people that came over and did such damage, they came over from Syria. They came over from wherever, San Bernardino as an example. They knew that these people were trouble. But nobody reported them. The guy from Orlando.

You look at what happened in Orlando. He was a very bad guy. He was a very troubled guy and nobody reported. But if there's some form of -- of doing that where you try and weed people out before a problem happens. But, no, there are things that happened that I don't like seeing at all. I don't like seeing them at all.

I noticed it.

I noticed it.

Well, I didn't like it and I'll be honest with you. Again, I'm not a politician. You know, I campaigned. I beat a lot of people. I got the nomination but I'm not a politician. I'm a person that's been very successful. I built, you know, great -- a really great company and here I sit. But the truth is, I didn't like it. With that being said, I don't like the job the Democrats have been doing, representing African-American people, and frankly, Hispanics and others.

Because if you look at the inner cities and if you look at the poverty, the poverty rate of 40%, 58% of black youth can't get jobs. You know, you look at what -- the, by the way, the crime rate is through the roof and going much higher. So, you know, in one -- say, I'd say a lot of representation of African-Americans and the other thing, what have they done for the African-Americans?

They've done nothing. That's why I sort of say now when I make speeches, I made a speech the other day and I said, what do you have to lose by choosing me? It's not going to get any worse. I mean, I was going over the statistics. The crime is through the roof. Everything is made --

Some people didn't like it but I say it proudly. I said what do they have to lose? What does anybody have to lose? You have massive crime, record-setting crime, you have all of these problems. You have poverty that's horrible. You have bad education in the inner cities. You have -- everything is bad. Everything is bad.

When I say to people, what do you have to lose? What I'd say though is, what do you have to lose? I'll fix it. I'm going to make it better. That's actually a statement of hope. But honestly, you look at some of these statistics and it can't get any worse. I mean, you can go to war-torn countries and it's safer to be in those.

Where you go to Afghanistan and it's safer than being in certain of our cities. So, I really do. You know, I mean, some people have said, oh, gee, maybe, that's not nice to say. But I mean it. It's not going to get any worse. I met with the people in Philadelphia yesterday. An incredible mother who lost a son to an illegal -- a daughter to an illegal immigrant.

This woman was in -- incredible what she's gone through. And I look at the kind of treatment that she's gotten since this happened. It's terrible. It's terrible. And so, I do say, I will make it better and I'll fix it. I say it and some people say, oh, gee, that's not nice. But my attitude is --

Well, my policy is jobs. My policy is jobs and my policy is I'm going to be a cheerleader for the country, and the country is -- a big part of the country is our inner cities that are dying so badly. They're dying. As you mentioned to me, I mean, if you drive down the roads and you look at these -- these places, it's, you know, it's very sad.

Well, that's what's so amazing in the job you've done and you have a packed house too which is exciting.

Yeah.

Yeah.

The press hates those stories.

Absolutely not. I'm the least racist person that you've ever met. You know, a very big -- very important black leader called me racist and he knows me. And he then called me and said, could I come up and see you? And then, he apologized. And he actually apologized.

Well, not really.

What happened is, as soon as you -- you know, run. Anybody -- look, they were calling Romney a racist. They were calling McCain a racist. They call everybody that's a Republican a racist. It's sort of manic. Usually, when they start to lose. You know, we're doing very well now. Our polls are one just came up today where we're leading by three points and our polls are doing very well.

Especially over the last three weeks. And all of a sudden, it's getting more and more vicious because the better we're doing -- and we have a great campaign going despite a very, very dishonest media. But I will say, that it gets more and more so. But, no, I am the least racist person that you've ever met.

And you can speak to Don King who knows me very well. You can speak to so many different people and they say, so many of my friends who are black, they say, you are the least racist person. But, no, I am the least racist person that you have ever talked to. That I can tell you.

Oh, it's so nice that you say it and I appreciate it.

First of all, you're better than most journalists. And second of all, you are really a nice man because when I came here, I didn't know what I was coming to. I figured you could be, you know, somebody that would sort of put it the opposite way. Oh, I've heard bad stories and you're saying you've heard good stories and there are -- look, I love people and I don't care if they're White or Black or anything else.

I don't care. But I so appreciate this interview the way you've conducted it. You know, I put myself in a position where I could have -- where you could have taken advantage of the situation. I really appreciate this interview and I very much respect you for doing it this way.

That's OK. Let him do it. Sure.

Yes.

Going to be doing a lot of traveling to African-American communities and churches.

I think, Al Sharpton actually likes me. It's not cool for him to say so because he works for a certain network but I've always had a very good relationship with Al. And I think, Al Sharpton actually likes people. You know, who knows.

I would do that. Sure.

Sure. Sure. If I think they can be fair. With you, I didn't know. You're highly respected by the way just in case you didn't know that, right? But you are a highly --

That's why I chose -- No, honestly, because I was really putting myself in a position that -- you know, who knows. That's why I so appreciate the tenor of the -- of the interview. I think, it's a very fair interview. Absolutely, I would be willing to do that and would have no problem whatsoever.

Thank you very much, bishop. It's a great honor. Thank you.

Thank you.

He's a good man. Great man. Thank you very much.