I don't know if I said easily but I hope to win and I think we will win. We are doing very well as you probably know. And I think we're going to have a great -- I think we have a great campaign going. North Carolina now Virginia before, Ohio yesterday. We had a tremendous crowd in Ohio. It was unbelievable actually. And I think we are doing very well.

Well, maybe they like strong borders. And maybe they like strong military. But I think women do, also. That's why I think I'm going to do very well with women. I notice that we are doing very well with married women.

I think a lot has to do with the military. A lot has to do with the strength of the borders. And not allowing the Syrians to come in who we just don't know where they are coming from. Who they are. There is no documentation. It's a disaster. Hillary wants them to pour into our country and I don't.

Well, I guess. But I think women want that just as much as men.

I think women want it as much as men.

Well, you know, if you are asking me the question, I think we went way up with married women and we are going very much higher with women than we were two months ago. I never really understood that why we weren't doing well because it's very much also, it's national security, it's jobs. I think jobs for men and for women. You know, I'm not sure there is such a big difference to be honest with you, Bill.

I can't tell you, Bill. I mean, all I'm doing is talking about jobs and bringing back our jobs. I can't say why.

I don't really. I really don't.

I mean, I had a tremendous experience in Detroit and in Philadelphia this last week. With African-Americans and really inner cities and we went to a church, an African-American church, which was incredible. And, you know, I think, you know, I would think that I'm doing very well with the African-Americans.

Well, I think maybe 18 is a lot higher than it was three weeks ago. I think we have made a lot of progress. I mean, I actually saw one where it was one percent.

I think it's highly under rated, Bill.

I think it's highly underrated.

I don't have a theory, Bill.

I'm about jobs. I'm about the fence. I'm about borders. I'm about a lot of things. I'm about our vets. I'm about strong military. You know, whether you break it down into men or women or anybody else, I mean, I think people want to hear that and I'm much better at it than she is. She will be very weak on the border. She wants people just to flow in terms of illegal immigration. People are going to flow into the country. And it's going to be a disaster.

-- women like that.

Well, when you say you, you are talking about the Republican Party because it's always been that way or it's been that way for the last 20 years. And there is truth to it, but I think we are doing very well in those states. I just left again, Ohio we are doing well. We are leading in Ohio. We are leading in Florida. We are leading in --

Yes.

Well, I just left Virginia. I know but I just left Virginia and we're just about even in Virginia.

I'm not surprised. I think, you know, I see the crowds. I see the people. But we are pretty even in Virginia, too.

Well, when you say you again, you are talking about the Republican Party.

Well, I'm just saying the Republican Party has a tougher road. There is no question about it. I have known that. It's been that way for a long number of years.

But I think we're doing well and I think we are going to win.

Now, let's get to Detroit. I was going to do this in the second segment. I was going to carry out Mr. Trump over but let's go there now. I thought they were respectful to you when you did have the dialogue with the people in Detroit. But the reaction was, you know, they ran out, they being the media, ran out to find people that smash you which they did. What was your assessment of that whole situation?

What did you learn? What did you learn by going there?

Did you learn anything about --

All right. Did you learn anything about why Detroit has collapsed? Why have the population has fled the area? Did you learn why?

And I will stop it. They are getting killed.

I don't know. I have no idea. I don't even talk about it anymore, Bill.

Because, you know, I just don't find the --

I don't know. I guess was maybe some, I don't know. Why? I really don't know why. But I don't think, very few people, you are the first one that's brought that up in a while. I don't think so. I mean, look, I went to Detroit. We had -- it was like a love fest. We had just a great, great time. I was there for a long time. Again, the bishop and his wife and whole congregation, these are fantastic people.

You're right. You're right.

You're right.

Right.

And we will pass Kate's Law.

I never talked about dragging people out of their homes, Bill. I never talked about that. Look, I mean, just so you understand. We are going to have a very strong border. People are going to come into our country but they're going to come in legally. But we're going to have the wall. We're going to have -- by the way Mexico is going to pay for the wall 100 percent. We're going to have a wall. Mexico is going to pay for the wall. We're going to have a strong border.

Border patrol 16500 agents endorsed me because they understand we are going to get rid of first thing, first hour I'm going to authorize get rid of all of the drug lords and the gang members and all of the people that are here illegally that shouldn't be and committing tremendous crime, like unbelievable crime.

Very little due process.

Bill, I think there's very little, okay, but I think there's very little. And the police, the local police know who all of them are. And we're going to get rid of them. So, we are going to stabilize our border. We're going to have a strong border. We are going to have a country again. And then what's going to happen is, when it's all completed, the wall. All of this is completed, the people that haven't committed a crime other than, of course, coming into the country illegally which of course, you know, depending on your definition, those people, Bill are, we are going to determine when we look at where the country is, how the border is, what's happening with our country, which will be down the road, we're going to make a determination at that time as to what to do with the rest.

Depending on how you want to view it.

I don't know about that. But that's okay. If you want to say that, it's fine.

Well, and Hillary, just as you know, Bill, it's very important, Hillary has no package. Because she never talks about illegal immigration. She wants everybody to pour into the country.

She wants the Syrians to pour into the country 600 percent almost. More than Obama has. And he has got thousands and thousands of people pouring in right now.

She has no -- if you ask her, she has got absolutely zero to talk about on illegal immigration. Everybody can just pour into our country and take our jobs and no matter how they are good bad or indifferent, I mean, just pour into our country, that is a disaster for the United States.

She didn't want to talk about it. And she got brought there -- Bill, she got brought there by Bernie Sanders. You know, super left. I mean, she got brought there by Bernie Sanders.

But people are going to pour into the country under the Hillary non-existing plan. Nobody even knows what her plan is.

Not at all. Nobody cares about it except some of the folks in the media. Nobody cares about it. But just so you understand, I am under audit. A routine audit. And when the audit is complete, I will release my returns. I don't know when this is going to be. But when the audit is complete, I release my returns. I have no problem with it. It doesn't matter.

In the meantime, Bill, in the meantime, well, no but nobody would recommend that. In the meantime, she has 33,000 emails that she deleted. When is she going to release her emails? She probably knows how to find it. Let her release her emails and I will release my tax returns immediately. Now, with this being said --

I released almost 100 pages of financials to the FEC and they are detailed. There is a lot of information. You get very -- the fact is, you get very little information from the tax return, Bill.

Yes.

Sure. Thank you.

I have no idea, Bill. Nobody can figure it out. She goes out for a day or two and then she goes away for five days and nobody hears from her. So I have no idea what she is doing.

I may. I'm not so sure. I might have to turn to another network.