We're both ready. I've no doubt. We need toughness. We need strength. Obama's weak, Hillary's weak. And part of it is that; a big part of it. We need law and order. We need strong borders.

Well, as a president, I'm going to be -- you know, they've been an ally and I stay with our allies. They have been an ally. But that was a quick coup. I was actually surprised to see how well it was handled. And you know who really handled it? The people.

So, I mean, we can say what we want, but the people handled it. When they surrounded the army tanks -- And without the people, you would've never had it. The military would've taken over.

Horrible.

It is war. By the way, it is war.

Look, we have people that hate us. We have people that want to wipe us out; we're going to declare war against ISIS. We have to wipe out ISIS. These are people that --

I am going to have very few troops on the ground. We're going to have unbelievable intelligence, which we need; which, right now, we don't have. We don't have the people over there. We are going to use --

Excuse me -- and we're going to have surrounding states and, very importantly, get NATO involved because we support NATO far more than we should, frankly, because you have a a lot of countries that aren't doing what they're supposed to be doing. And we have to wipe out ISIS.

And speaking of Turkey, Turkey is an ally. Turkey can do it by themselves. But they have to be incentivized. For whatever reason, they're not. So we have no choice.

Very little. I'm going to --

-- get neighboring states and I'm going to get -- we are going to get NATO; we're going to wipe 'em out. We're going to --

Now look, we are going to get rid of ISIS, big league. And we're going to get rid of 'em fast. And we're going to use surrounding states. We're going to use NATO, probably. And we're going to declare war. It is war. When the World Trade Center comes tumbling down, with thousands of people being killed, people are still -- I have friends that are still --

Yeah, you went to Iraq, but that was handled so badly. And that was a war -- by the way, that was a war that we shouldn't have entered because Iraq did not knock down -- excuse me

Iraq did not --

I don't care.

It's a long time ago. And he voted that way and they were also misled. A lot of information was given to people

But I was against the war in Iraq from the beginning

Many people have, and frankly, I'm one of the few that was right on Iraq.

He's entitled to make a mistake every once in a (LAUGH) while.

But she's not --

No. She's not.

Okay, I did. I had a a lot of people that wanted it; a lot more people than anybody --

That called me and came to me and wanted it badly. And you know, the press didn't report that. The press said, "Well, maybe he's having hard time picking --"

I actually brought it up to him.

I got to know him during the -- when I was in Indiana during the primaries, and I did very well in Indiana, like I did just about everywhere else in all fairness. But --  I got to know him very well and I gained great respect for him. And I looked at the numbers, meaning the financials, which we would say in business.

But I looked at the numbers. Unemployment? What a great job he did. Jobs? What a great job he did. Triple-A rating on his bonds.

I did --

I broached it

I would say that he thought about it a little bit. And about two seconds later, he called me, (LAUGH) with his incredible wife, and said --

Like many others.

Well, I went for the quality individual rather than I'm going to win a state, because I'm doing very well in Indiana, and I guess I'm a lot up. And I think I'm going to win Indiana. I have a great relationship and Bobby Knight helped me so much with Indiana. Indiana's a great place; great state.

He would've been very good. (LAUGH) But he's a terrific guy. But -- but I really like him as an individual.

Very happy.

Yes, it was party unity. I'm an outsider. I am a person that used to be establishment when I'd give them hundreds of thousands of dollars. But when I decided to run, I became very anti-establishment because I understand the system --

-- than anybody else. He's very establishment, in many ways, and that's not a bad thing. But I will tell you --

-- I have seen more people that, frankly, did not like me so much, and now they're saying, "What a great pick." You see the kind of reaction. He -- he has helped bring the party together. I understand. Look, I got more votes than anybody, but I also understand there's a faction --

I think it's very close to unified. And I will say --

No. I think it's be-- I think it was much more unified than people thought. You saw that with the recent vote where we won in a landslide. You saw that with the big vote, the primary vote.

I think it's far more unified than the press lets on. But having Governor Mike Pence has really -- people that I wasn't necessarily liking or getting along are loving this pick, because they have such respect for him

And the party unity is okay. You know, I think it's okay to say I picked somebody, because I -- as one of the things. But I really believe the main reason I picked him is the incredible job he's done. Just look at the economics of Indiana --

-- and what's going on.

Religious.

Religious --

yeah, religious.

Hey, I won the evangelicals. The evangelicals --

-- well, I think it means a lot. I don't think they think I'm perfect, and they would get up and they would say, "You know, he's not perfect," but --

-- they like me --

-- but I won -- I won states with evangelicals that nobody thought I'd even come close to --

-- and I won --

-- with landslides --

I think it helps. But I don't think I needed him, no, because -- I won with evangelicals.

what might be immediately obvious.

I think we will have very, very good chemistry. I feel that. And I can feel that pretty early on. I don't think you need to be with somebody for two years to find that out. My feeling is --

I knew him during the primaries, during many trips to Indiana, I'd be with him. I think we have a great chemistry.

Yeah.

Lesley, Lesley

We're different people. I understand that. I'll give you an example. Hillary Clinton is a liar. Hillary Clinton -- that was just proven --

-- last week.

Hillary Clinton --

-- you better believe it. Hillary Clinton is a crook.

I call her "Crooked Hillary." She's crooked Hillary. He won't -- I -- I don't -- I didn't ask him to do it, but I don't think he should do it because it's different for him.

He's not that kind of a --

-- person. We're different people --

-- to me she's --

-- Crooked Hillary.

I don't think he should use that term. I've never said one way or the other. But to him, I don't think it would sound right, but he will say how dishonest she is by going over the facts.

I'd like him to if he thinks I was doing something wrong --

-- just say --

Absolutely --

-- absolutely. I might not apologize. You know, you said apologize, but --

but -- I might not do that, but  -- I would absolutely want him to come in -- if he thinks I'm doing something wrong, Mike, I would want him to come in and say, really, you're doing, you gotta -- and that's okay. I accept that from my consultants and my people and If Mike came in and told me, you know, "I think you should do this or that --

I would listen and very likely listen to him.

You could say yes. I -- that's okay.

that one, you could say yes, I mean, you're not -- it's fine -- hey, look, I like John McCain. But we have to take care of our vets.

Okay, but I'm just --

-- I'm just saying, that's --

-- why not that many people are that upset --

So you call it territories. Okay? We're going to do territories. We're going to not let people come in from Syria that nobody knows who they are. Hillary Clinton wants 550 percent more people to come in than Obama --

-- who doesn't know what he's --

-- so we're going to --

-- no, I -- call it whatever you want. We'll call it territories, okay?

You know -- the Constitution -- there's nothing like it. But it doesn't necessarily give us the right to commit suicide, as a country, okay? And I'll tell you this. Call it whatever you want, change territories, but there are territories and terror states and terror nations that we're not going to allow the people to come into our country.

And we're going to have a thing called "Extreme vetting." And if people want to come in, there's going to be extreme vetting. We're going to have extreme vetting. They're going to come in and we're going to know where they came from and who they are.

Is that a good thing? I think that's a good thing.

Well, I -- I speak from my heart and my brain. Just so we understand (LAUGHTER).

This is maybe more important.

I do. I'm free trade, but I want to make good deals. No, no, I'm all for free --

-- trade. You --

-- know I'm not an isolationist. A lot of people think because I want to make good deals --

-- these are stupid people --

-- wait a minute Lesley, these are stupid people that think that. I want to make great deals for our country. We have deals like the deal signed by Bill Clinton, NAFTA, one of the worst things that ever happened to this country in terms of trade, in terms of economics.

We're going to bring back jobs --

We're going to bring back our jobs, we're going to bring back our wealth, we're going to take care of our people. Very simple.

I like that answer.

But Lesley, let's step further. We have an enemy, ISIS and others, who chop off heads, who drown people in steel cages and we can't do waterboarding --

-- okay, they're not playing --

-- under  because you know --

-- what, those techniques get information. I don't care what anyone says.

And get information --

-- using those things.

Well, I think we're going to have an exciting time. We've got some wonderful speakers. We have some very talented people. My family's going to speak.

I have great faith in law enforcement. If they don't want to take their guns, I think that's fantastic. But I have great confidence in law enforcement. The police like Donald Trump. It's law and order. And I have great confidence that they will do a great job.

I want to make America great again. Honestly. I want to make Am-- I'm not doing this because -- I'm sacrificing tremendous things. I could be doing other things. It's lovely to sit down with you and be grilled. That's okay. But I could be doing other things right now. And I have some of the greatest properties in the world. I could be out there --

I tell you what. I've really enjoyed this process. I've gotten to know the people of this country. I've gotten to know places that I didn't know, that I read about, but I didn't know. I've also gotten to see the problems. And it's a movement.

Now, when you ask me the question, do I want to be?

I want to be for one reason. I want to make America safe again, and I want to make America great again. That's why I'm doing this. And I love it.

I do want to govern.

I do --

I govern my -- I --

Sure. No, no I want to govern

Okay.

I think I am, actually humble. I think I'm much more humble than you would understand.

You just said it best.

In a world that's spinning apart. That's what I'm thinking of. I'm not thinking of, "Oh gee, isn't this wonderful? Isn't this great what I've done?" I've had people that said, "It doesn't matter if you win or lose, what you've done has never been done before. You're going to go down in the history books."

You know what I say to 'em?" I say, "You're wrong." I will consider it, 'cause I funded my own primaries, I'm funding now a lot of this campaign. I'm putting in, you know -- I've spent $55 million in the primaries.

I'm spending a fortunate now. I'll tell you, it is spinning. Our world is spinning out of control. Our country's spinning out of control. That's what I think about. And I'll stop that.

I love what he just said.