Well I didn't tape him. You never know what's happening when you see that the Obama administration, and perhaps longer than that, was doing all of this unmasking and surveillance. And you read all about it and I've been reading about it for the last couple of months about the seriousness and horrible situation with surveillance all over the place. And you've been hearing the word "unmasking," a word you probably never heard before. So you never know what's out there, but I didn't tape and I don't have any tape and I didn't tape. But, when he found out that there may be tapes out there, whether it's governmental tapes or anything else, and who knows, I think his story may have changed. I mean, you'll have to take a look at that because then he has to tell what actually took place at the events. And my story didn't change. My story was always a straight story. My story was always the truth. But you'll have to determine for yourself whether or not his story changed. But, I did not tape.

Well, it wasn't very stupid, I can tell you that. He did admit that what I said was right. And if you look further back, before he heard about that, I think maybe he wasn't admitting that, so, you'll have to do a little investigative reporting to determine that. But, I don't think it'll be that hard.

Well, he is very very good friends with Comey, which is very bothersome, but he's also... We're gonna have to see. I mean, we're gonna have to see in terms... Look, there has been no obstruction. There has been no collusion. There has been leaking by Comey. But there's been no collusion, no obstruction and virtually everybody agrees to that. So we'll have to see. I can say that the people that have been hired are all Hillary Clinton supporters. Some of them worked for Hillary Clinton. I mean the whole thing is ridiculous, if you want to know the truth, from that standpoint. But Robert Mueller is an honorable man, and hopefully he'll come up with an honorable solution.

Well, they're also four good guys and they're four friends of mine, and I think that they'll probably get there, we'll have to see. You know, health care is a very difficult situation. If you look, the Clintons tried to get it and after years and years they couldn't do it. Obamacare was murder for them to get, and now it's failed. It's virtually out of business. Obamacare is a disaster, and we're trying to do something in a very short period of time, It's interesting, in that I have been here for only five month. People saying, where's the health care? Where's the health care? Well, I've done in five months what other people haven't done in years, and it's been... People have worked on health care for many years. It's a very complicated situation, from the standpoint you do something that's good for one group, but bad for another. It's a very, very narrow path. But I think we're going to get there. We have four very good people that, it's not that they're opposed, they'd like to get certain changesm and we'll see if we can take care of that

Well, first of all I hope she doesn't step down. I think that it would be a very, very sad day for Republicans if she steps down. I'd be very, very disappointed if she did. I'd like to keep her right where she is, because our record is extraordinary against her. But we'll see what happens. There has been a lot of talk about her stepping down. We'll have to see what happens. The victory in Atlanta was very big, they spent $30 million. We had a candidate who did a very, very good job. I think I helped a lot, and we had a great candidate. But we were 5 and 0, as you know, in these special elections, and I think the Democrats thought it would be a lot different than that. Five and 0 is a big... That's a big margin. And this last one was very interesting, because they put everything into it. Every consultant, they had agencies, advertising agencies I mean think of it.

Hollywood came out, and in the end we won. Quite easily, much... You know, by a bigger margin than anybody would have thought. So, they're gonna have to do something. I will say this: they are, right now, obstructionists. All they want to do is try and obstruct. I think they'd do much better as a party if they got along with us, if they called us and said: let's work on health care together. Let's work on tax cuts together and tax reform. Let's work on infrastructure together. We can do it together. I honestly think they'd do better at the polls. I think the American public is tired of obstructionists, and I honestly believe that, and when I say that, boy would the people love to see two parties getting together and coming up with the perfect health care plan. Because Obamacare has failed now, it's dead. The insurance companies are all flocking and leaving, and it's a real problem.

It'd be so nice. And that's the way it should be, and there have been moments in our country's history where that's what happened, and those were the greatest things. Whether it was Social Security or Medicare, it was two parties got together and came up with great solutions to problems. I don't think that's going to happen, but that is what should happen.