Well, they're big tax cuts... the biggest cuts in the history of our country, actually. We have reform, and we have simplification. And honestly, I am surprised a little bit to hear what you're saying, because we've really gotten great reviews. people are loving it.

Even a certain newspaper that I don't like very much came out today and they gave Schumer four... four Pinocchios, and they said because he was not telling the truth, when it came to the middle class, because he said it's for the rich, and it's really not for the rich.

It's for the middle class, and it's for jobs, and I would say, maybe even in that order. So the middle class is a big beneficiary. Jobs and companies are big beneficiaries, but the companies really create the jobs.

And we really have, Laura, we've had tremendous receptivity to it, to a point that I don't think I've ever seen anything quite like it.

So, and I do think Rand Paul, by the way, who I like, I think he's going to vote for it.

Right.

Well, she talked about oppo research. It's wonderful. Oppo research, and it's... but not when it comes to us, okay? Oppo research for us, of course, is no good.

No. That dossier, which is totally fake, and made up. It's like a novel. But that dossier is a disgrace, and it should not have been allowed to be used. And then I hear the kind of money they spent?

I mean, it's inconceivable. It's absolutely inconceivable. It's horrible.

Well, they're trying to find out, and we'll find out. But they'll really... I think it's a disgrace that a thing like that can take place.

I think it's --

think it's a maj... you know, like it's a major story now. Now, I don't know if the mainstream fake media, because they are fake and phony, but I just don't know if they're going to pick it up. But I want to tell you that is a big story, what she's saying.

It's illegal, number one, and it's really very unfair to Bernie Sanders. I'm not a Bernie Sanders fan, although I must say I got a lot of his votes, when he was thrown out. Many of those people voted for him because of trade. Because I agreed with him on trade, we're just doing more about it than he can do, and we're doing a lot about it. But that was... I thought that was terrible.

Well, when I look at immigration, and I look at this whole thing coming in by lottery, then we can't do anything about it quickly, and I look at what's going on with justice, when it comes to so many different topics....

I really feel... a lot of Justice. This guy would be tied up forever in the court system. You look at some of the cases that are going on forever, and you have them dead to right. Now the justice system has to go quicker, and it has to be really stronger and fairer. It probably has to be fairer too.

But, it's very sad. When you look at a lottery system, and you have people coming into the country through the form of a lottery.

And you know, the countries, just so you understand, the countries are putting their finest in there. They're not putting their best and their greatest in their finest in there. And this kid came in through a lottery system that's going to end, and it's going to end fast.

In fact, I've already instructed Congress: they must end it. And and I think we're going to get even Democrat support on this.

I did.

All of those things are happening. Chain migration...

Yeah.

Yeah we're going to...

Sure. Sure. Chain immigration is one of the most important things...

Until yesterday, most people never heard of chain migration. I gave a form of a press conference and I started talking about chain migration, and this horrible animal, he's an animal as far as I'm concerned.

Twenty three people have touched him -- maybe, came in because he was in... and he was only in with a green card, supposedly. But chain migration is where his whole family comes in. His mother can come in, his father, his grandmother, everybody comes in. Chain migration is a disaster for this country, and it's going to end.

Now I've been talking about it for a while, but I think the public until yesterday probably never heard about chain migration.

Well, they're touching it right now. It's become a very, very strong point right now.

Yes, it'll be part of a DACA deal. DACA is a lot different than Dreamers.

Yeah.

I don't think any Republican would vote for anything having to do with leaving chain migration. Chain migration is a disaster for this country, and it's horrible. I mean just take a look at him. 23 people, potentially 23 people?

It's what I heard. It's what I gave, whether it's 23 or whether it's two as far as I'm concerned.

No, I know that. But I hear it's 23. So it's a lot of people.

Well, it's one of the things. But we're going to have a wall.

Phase one. Phase one, during the first... well, first of all they say the wall is going to cost $40 billion. It's not going to cost anywhere near that.

The Democrats are saying... we're talking about less than half. Also you don't have a wall... you have two thousand miles. You have mountains, you have rivers, you have things that you don't put the wall in, you don't need them. It never was planned for that.

No, I think for $18 billion or less, we're going to have a great wall. We're doing prototypes right

One of the things that's come up pretty strongly is we want to have vision through the wall, because you want to see what's on the other side of the wall. You know, you think we're going to build a nice simple concrete wall, but it's not that simple. No, we're having the wall. We have to have the wall.

We need the wall for another reason: drugs. Drugs are pouring into our country. A lot of them are coming in through the southern border, and the wall will be a tremendous tool to help facilitate the ending of the drugs coming in. No, the wall is actually coming along pretty well. That will also be apart of DACA or whatever.

Well, look when we get the down payment, we're going to have a guarantee. Believe me. We're not taking a down payment and then saying where's the rest of the money.

Because, you know you don't spend all the money immediately. So we can put it back. But when we take a down payment, I'm going to say, I want to make sure the rest of the money is coming.

Yeah.

Yeah.

So we don't need all the people that they want. You know, don't forget: I'm a business person, and I tell my people when you don't need to fill slots, don't fill them. But we have some people that I'm not happy with there.

All right, but let me tell you, the one that matters is me. I'm the only one that matters. Because when it comes to it, that's what the policy is going to be. You've seen that.

You've seen it strongly. We're filling up roles. And don't forget Schumer and the Democrats are just obstructing. You can't get anything through. We have almost about half the number of people coming through as Obama had. But in addition to that, we don't need all of the people. You know, it's called cost saving. You know the old days...

I want my visio, but my vision is my vision anyway. It's called cost saving. There's nothing wrong with cost saving. Rex is in there working hard. He's doing his best. He's doing the best he can.

Well, we'll see. I don't know who's going to be... duration. I think the duration... I'll tell you this: I don't think any president in nine months has done the job that we've done. And that includes bills being passed by Congress.

You look at what's passed by the Senate, by the House. I think we're close to 70 bills, maybe over 70 bills. It's almost a record. You look at all of the deregulation, you look at Supreme Court Justice Gorsuch. You look at all of the other district judges, federal district judge and court of appeals judges. I don't think.... and then of course, the economy. Take a look.

It's one of the greatest in the history of our country, and I'm in here now 10 months, and we are setting record after record, day after day I think we hit another one today.

No, I'm not getting enough credit for it because a lot of the reason is enthusiasm level, business level and also the fact that I've cut regulations to the extent that I've cut them.

I mean, I can tell you jobs that were never going to get built are now being built. Take a look at the pipelines, the Keystone Pipeline, the Dakota Access pipeline. I mean, every day we're hitting new highs. Very important: GDP.

You take a look GDP. 3.2

And now three, and the last one was after four or five really obviously horrible hurricanes. And that's the equivalent of a point. So that would have been a four. A four was unthinkable.

And each time we go up a point that's two and a half trillion dollars and thousands... I mean millions of jobs, actually. The thing I'm most proud about: companies are starting to come back into our country. They were leaving...

They are coming back. And one of the things about our taxes, you talk about repatriation. We're bringing in, probably, I think the number is going to be over $4 trillion coming back into our country that's going to be put to work.

Yeah.

Look, I would be... you have to understand something very important. We have a problem called North Korea.

Yeah, well, we're going to see. But we have one problem that's a very big problem, it's called North Korea. China has been helpful. We are talking trade with China.

But I am also, you know... you have, you not just...

It's not in a total vaccum. And President Xi has been pretty terrific. Most people have been saying, you know, whether it's cutting the banking system off from North Korea, whether it's cutting the oil down to North Korea, or cutting supplies down.

And I must tell you, North Korea is a thing that I think we will solve, and if we don't solve it, it's not going to be very pleasant for them. Tt's not going to be very pleasant, I guess, for anybody. But China is helping us.

Well, of course, they're worried. They should be worried. You know, they're very close to North Korea.

Well, you know, Japan, Japan is a warrior nation. And I tell China, and I tell everyone else that listens, I mean, you're going to have yourself a big problem with Japan pretty soon if you allow this to continue with North Korea.

Look they're an ally. They're an ally. The prime minister is a very good friend of mine. Prime Minister Abe... I've become very close. I've become very, very close to President Xi of China. I think a lot of good things are going to happen. I think is a very important trip.

think this is one of the more important trips that a president is...

Well, I don't love it. But I think it's important. I'm going to China. I'm going to Japan, South Korea. I'm then going to Vietnam where we have a tremendous trade conference, trade. And we're starting to do well in trade. Look, NAFTA is a disaster. NAFTA is killing us.

And we're renegotiating it. And we may have a meeting with Putin. We may... and again, Putin is very important because they can help us with North Korea.

They can help us with Syria. We have to talk about Ukraine.

I am. I love it. Well, there's been a lot of false reporting that I'm angry about things.

No, I think the press is fake. A lot of the media is fake. But, so you could say there's a certain anger there, but it's not really anger. It's really amazement at how dishonest, you know, when you get right down to it, how dishonest the news is.

But I am, I am really... Well, I think my family has been treated unfairly.

I think that Ivanka has been treated very unfairly, frankly. Melania is really just powering through it. She's been incredible. People love Ivanka. People love Melania and, you know they go through it. But I do think the family's been treated a little bit unfairly.

In the end, what is very nice is we really have, I don't think, I'm notsaying this in a braggadocios way, I don't think over a period of nine or ten months there's been any president in the beginning of their presidency that's done anywhere close.

When you think about regulations, and Supreme Court, and so many different things... things, and stock markets and the economy.

Well, and the most impatient most important thing that we're going to be doing is tax cuts tax cuts if we get this through, and I think we will, you're going to see this economy take off like a rocket ship.

Thank you very much.

Appreciate it. Thank you.