Well, it's similar. We have great love for both countries. These are great countries, great places. It's very interesting how the UK broke away. I sort of, as you know, predicted it. I was in Turnberry and was doing a ribbon cutting because I bought Turnberry, which is doing unbelievably, and I'll tell you, the fact that your pound sterling has gone down? Great. Because business is unbelievable in a lot of parts in the UK, as you know. I think Brexit is going to end up being a great thing.

Absolutely, very quickly. I'm a big fan of the UK, uh, we're gonna work very hard to get it done quickly and done properly -- good for both sides. I will be meeting with  -- in fact if you want you can see the letter, wherever the letter is, she just sent it.

She's requesting a meeting and we'll have a meeting right after I get into the White House and it'll be, I think we're gonna get something done very quickly.

People don't want to have other people coming in and destroying their country and you know in this country we're gonna go very strong borders from the day I get in. One of the first orders I'm gonna sign Ð day one Ð which I will consider to be Monday as opposed to Friday or Saturday. Right? I mean my day one is gonna be Monday because I don't want to be signing and get it mixed up with lots of celebration, but one of the first orders we're gonna be signing is gonna be strong borders.

We don't want people coming in from Syria who we don't know who they are. You know there's no way of vetting these people. I don't want to do what Germany did.

And I've great respect for Merkel, by the way, I have to say. I have great respect for her. But, I, I think it was, I think it was very unfortunate what happened.

And you know I have a love for Germany because my father came from Germany and, I don't want to be in that position. You know the way I look at it, we have enough problems.

Well, from various parts of the world that have lots of terrorism problems.

There will be extreme vetting, it's not gonna be like it is now, they don't even, we don't even have real vetting. The vetting into this country is essentially non-existent as it is, as it was at least, with your country.

Well, it could happen, I mean we're gonna have to see. I mean, we're looking at parts of Europe; parts of the world and parts of Europe, where we have problems where they come in and they're gonna be causing problems. I don't wanna have those problems. Look, I won the election because of strong borders and trade. And military, we're gonna have strong military.

Well, it's great. I mean, I'm very proud of Germany and Germany is very special Bad DŸrkheim, right? This is serious Germany, right? Like this isn't any question -- this is serious Germany. No, I'm very proud of Germany. I love Germany, I love the UK.

Yes, I have been to Germany.

Well, I don't know who she's running against, number one, I'm just saying, I don't know her, I've never met her. As I said, I've had great respect for her. I felt she was a great, great leader. I think she made one very catastrophic mistake and that was taking all of these illegals, you know taking all of the people from wherever they come from. And nobody even knows where they come from. You'll find out, you got a big dose of it a week ago. So I think she made a catastrophic mistake, very bad mistake. Now, with that being said, I respect her, I like her, but I don't know her. So I can't talk about who I'm gonna be backing -- if anyone.

I look forward to doing it. My mother was very ceremonial, I think that's where I got this aspect because my father was very brick-and-mortar, he was like, and my mother sort of had a flair, she loved the Queen, she loved anything -- she was so proud of the Queen. She loved the ceremonial and the beauty, cause nobody does that like the English. And she had great respect for the Queen, liked her. Anytime the Queen was on television, an event, my mother would be watching. Crazy, right?

Well, the Scottish are known for watching their pennies, so I like to watch my pennies -- I mean I deal in big pennies, that's the problem.

I like order. I like things done in an orderly manner. And certainly the Germans, that's something that they're rather well known for. But I do, I like order and I like strength.

I think it's not good. I think it was a big mistake for Germany. And Germany of all countries, 'cause Germany was one of the toughest in the world for having anybody go in, and, uh, no I think it was a mistake. And I'll see her and I'll meet her and I respect her. And I like her but I think it was a mistake. And people make mistakes but I think it was a very big mistake. I think we should have built safe zones in Syria. Would have been a lot less expensive. Uh, get the Gulf states to pay for 'em who aren't coming through, I mean they've got money that nobody has.

Would have been a lot less expensive than the trauma that Germany's going through now -- but I would have said -- you build safe zones in Syria. Look, this whole thing should have never happened. Iraq should not have been attacked in the first place, all right? It was one of the worst decisions, possibly the worst decision ever made in the history of our country. We've unleashed -- it's like throwing rocks into a beehive. It's one of the great messes of all time. I looked at something, uh, I'm not allowed to show you because it's classified Ð but, I just looked at Afghanistan and you look at the Taliban Ð and you take a look at every, every year its more, more, more, you know they have the different colours Ð and you say, you know Ð what's going on?

Afghanistan is, is not going well. Nothing's going well -- I guess we've been in Afghanistan almost 17 years -- but you look at all of the places, now in all fairness, we haven't let our people do what they're supposed to do. You know we have great military, we're gonna have much greater military because we're gonna have -- you know right now it's very depleted, we're gonna have great military, but we haven't let our military win.

Boeing and Lockheed Martin are you know big contractors for this country and we have an F-35 program that has been very, very severely over budget and behind schedule. Hundreds of billions of dollars over budget and seven years behind schedule. And, uh, they got to shape up.

Isis.

Well, I'd rather not say, I don't want to be like Obama or others where they say -- I always talk about Mosul, you know Mosul's turned out to be a disas -- brutal. So Mosul, so they announced four months ago we're going to attack Mosul -- I said, "Why do you have to announce it?". Like you said, "What's going to be your priority?". When are you going to attack? When are you gonna, how are you gonna do it? What kind of weapons are you gonna use, right? What time of the day?

Mosul turned out to be a disaster because we announced five months ago that we were going into Mosul, in five months. In four months we said, "We're getting ready", by the time we get in, it's been so much talk -- and it's been very hard to take -- you know that, right?

Nah, I think it's a very rough thing. It's a very bad thing, we had a chance to do something when we had the line in the sand and it wasn't -- nothing happened. That was the only time -- and now, it's sort of very late. It's too late. Now everything is over -- at some point it will come to an end -- but Aleppo was nasty. I mean when you see them shooting old ladies walking out of town -- they can't even walk and they're shooting 'em -- it almost looks like they're shooting 'em for sport -- ah no, that's a terrible -- that's been a terrible situation. Aleppo has been such a terrible humanitarian situation.

Well, I start off trusting both -- but let's see how long that lasts. It may not last long at all.

Sure. Oh sure, I know that. I mean, I understand what's going on, I said a long time ago -- that Nato had problems. Number one it was obsolete, because it was, you know, designed many, many years ago. Number two -- the countries aren't paying what they're supposed to pay. I took such heat, when I said Nato was obsolete. It's obsolete because it wasn't taking care of terror. I took a lot of heat for two days. And then they started saying Trump is right -- and now -- it was on the front page of The Wall Street Journal, they have a whole division devoted now to terror, which is good.

And the other thing is the countries aren't paying their fair share so we're supposed to protect countries but a lot of these countries aren't paying what they're supposed to be paying, which I think is very unfair to the United States. With that being said, Nato is very important to me.

Britain is paying. There's five countries that are paying what they're supposed to. Five. It's not much, from 22.

Yeah, I feel very strongly toward Europe -- very strongly toward Europe, yes.

Well, I think you know -- people have to get together and people have to do what they have to do in terms of being fair. OK? They have sanctions on Russia -- let's see if we can make some good deals with Russia. For one thing, I think nuclear weapons should be way down and reduced very substantially, that's part of it. But you do have sanctions and Russia's hurting very badly right now because of sanctions, but I think something can happen that a lot of people are gonna benefit.

Well, I don't want to say what I'm gonna do with the Iran deal. I just don't want to play the cards. I mean, look, I'm not a politician, I don't go out and say, 'I'm gonna do this -- I'm gonna do --', I gotta do what I gotta do. But I don't wanna play. Who plays cards where you show everybody the hand before you play it? But I'm not happy with the Iran deal, I think it's one of the worst deals ever made, I think it's one of the dumbest deals I've ever seen, one of the dumbest, in terms of a deal. Where you give -- where you give a $150 billion back to a country, where you give $1.7 billion in cash -- did you ever see a million dollars in hundred dollar bills? It's a lot. It's a whole -- it's a lot. $1.7 billion in cash. Plane loads. Of, of -- think of it -- plane, many planes. Boom. $1.7 billion. I don't understand. It just shows the power of a president -- when a president of this country can authorise $1.7 billion in cash, that's a lot of power.

No, I think that money is in Swiss bank accounts -- they don't need that money, they're using other money, I think they've taken that money and they've kept it for themselves. That's my opinion.

I think it was terrible. It should have been a veto. I think it was terrible.

Well, the UK may have another chance to veto if what I'm hearing is true, because you know you have a meeting as you know, this weekend. And there are a lot of bad stories being circulated. The problem I have is that it makes it a tougher deal for me to negotiate because the Palestinians are given so much -- even though it's not legally binding it's psychologically binding and it makes it much tougher for me to negotiate. You understand that? Because people are giving away chips, they're giving away all these chips.

Well, I'd like to see the UK veto. I think it'd be great if they veto because I'm not sure the United States is gonna veto, amazingly. They won't, right? You think the United States is gonna veto? I'll have friends who are Jewish have a fundraiser for Obama and I'll say, "What are you doing? OK -- what are you doing?"

Well, I don't want to comment on that, again, but we'll see what happens.

Yeah, well I would say Merkel is by far one of the most important leaders. 'Cause you look at the UK and you look at the European Union and it's Germany. Basically a vehicle for Germany. That's why I thought the UK was so smart in getting out and you were there and you guys wrote it -- put it on the front page: "Trump said that Brexit is gonna happen". That was when it was gonna lose easily, you know, everybody thought I was crazy. Obama said to go to the back of the line. Meaning, if it does happen -- and then he had to retract -- that was a bad statement to make.

I think you're doing great. I think it's going great.

I think it's tough. I spoke to the head of the European Union, very fine gentleman called me up.

Yes, ah, to congratulate me on what happened with respect to the election. Uh, I think it's very tough. I think it's tough. People, countries want their own identity and the UK wanted its own identity but, I do believe this, if they hadn't been forced to take in all of the refugees, so many, with all the problems that it, you know, entails, I think that you wouldn't have a Brexit. It probably could have worked out but, this was the final straw, this was the final straw that broke the camel's back.

I think people want, people want their own identity, so if you ask me, others, I believe others will leave.

Well, it's doing OK. I mean, you know. What do you trust? I trust the dollar, I'm gonna trust the dollar a lot more in four years than I do now, but sure I mean it's a currency, it's fine. But I do think keeping it together is not gonna be as easy as a lot of people think. And I think this, if refugees keep pouring into different part of Europe. I think it's gonna be very hard to keep it together cause people are angry about it.

Personally, I don't think it matters much for the United States. I never thought it mattered. Look, the EU was formed, partially, to beat the United States on trade, OK? So, I don't really care whether it's separate or together, to me it doesn't matter. I can see this -- I own a big property in Ireland, magnificent property called Doonbeg, what happened is I went for an approval to do this massive, beautiful expansion -- that was when I was a developer, now I couldn't care less about it -- but I learnt a lot because I got the approvals very quickly from Ireland and then Ireland and my people went to the EU to get the approval -- it was going to take years -- that was a very bad thing for Ireland.

Well I can tell you from the environmental standpoint, they were using environmental tricks to stop a project from being built -- I found it to be a very unpleasant experience. To get the approvals from the EU would have taken years -- I don't think that's good for a country like Ireland so you know what I did? I said forget it I'm not gonna build it.

Well, I can tell you that in the last É I think I've done more than any president-elect ever -- Many factories now, many car plants, that were going to be built in other locations are building in Michigan and Ohio -- ya know Ford announced a big one, Fiat Chrysler announced a big one, General Motors is announcing, they're all announcing and I'm not just talking about cars I'm talking about other things, there will be many other things -- you can't allow companies to leave our country, fire all of its employees, move to Mexico, make whatever the product is, and then sell it back in with no tax -- and there will be a very substantial border tax for companies that do that. And when people hear that -- they say we're gonna stay here or we're gonna build in the US -- so they'll go and they'll build their car plant or they'll build their air-conditioning plant and they're gonna sell their air conditioners but they're gonna pay 35 per cent tax... there's not gonna be any tax because they're not gonna leave -- see there's not gonna be any tax -- but the conservative theory is open borders, open borders is all fine. First of all it's bad for security -- for trade it's fine -- the problem is the US is always taken advantage of -- we have hundreds of billions of dollars of trade deficits with China -- we have $805 billion in trade deficits with the world -- ya almost say, who's making these deals when you're losing that kind of money, right -- we actually have almost $800 billion -- almost $800 billion in trade deficits with the world -- so you say, who's making these deals?

Well you're very good at export -- we buy lots of your cars.

It's going to be different -- I mean Germany is a great country, great manufacturing country -- you go down Fifth Avenue everybody has a Mercedes-Benz in front of their building, right -- the fact is that it's been very unfair to the US, it's not a two-way street. How many Chevrolets do you see in Germany? Maybe none -- not too many -- how many -- you don't see anything over there -- it's a one-way street -- it's gotta be a two-way street -- I want it to be fair but it's gotta be a two-way street and that's why we're losing almost $800, think of it, $800 billion a year in trade so that will stop -- ya know we have Wilbur  as one of our guys, ya know Wilbur . . .

And I will say most of it... most of it is China 'cause China is a tremendous problem.

I would tell them, don't waste their time and money -- unless they want to sell to other countries, that's fine -- if they want to open in Mexico, I love Mexico, I like the president, I like everybody -- but I would tell BMW if they think they're gonna build a plant in Mexico and sell cars into the US without a 35 per cent tax, it's not gonna happen, it's not gonna happen -- so if they want to build cars for the world I would say wish them luck -- they can build cars for the US but they'll be paying a 35 per cent tax on every car that comes into the country... so what I'm saying is they have to build their plant in the US, it will be much better for them and what we're doing -- maybe more importantly, is we're lowering taxes -- corporate taxes -- down to from 15 to 20 per cent and were getting rid of 75 per cent of the regulations -- from 35 down to 15 to 20, we haven't picked the final but from 15 to 20, and we're also gonna let the companies bring back their money with the inversion, corporate inversion.

Well, we've got five -- I think it's five, they say it's 2.5-3, I think it's five, but it's $5 trillion over there and they can't bring back their money so that's part of our tax bill, the money comes back.

I'm pragmatic, look I go in front of crowds -- I had the biggest crowds anybody's ever had for a presidential election and that's tough and when I was fighting with Jeb Bush, ya know "low energy" Jeb, he would say, 'Donald Trump is not a conservative', so I'd go in front of 25,000 people and, like in Michigan, where there's massive -- 32,000 people -- and I'm screaming, 'Jeb Bush says I'm not a conservative', they're screaming, 'Who cares?', and I said, 'What do you want? Do you want conservative or a good deal?' And the reason, because Jeb Bush said I'm not a conservative because I don't believe in free trade -- well I do believe in free trade, I love free trade, but it's gotta be smart trade so I call it fair trade -- and the problem, so I said to the people, 'Do you want a conservative or do you want somebody who's gonna make great deals?', and they're all screaming, 'Great deals, great deals' -- they don't care, there are no labels -- ya know there's some people, he is not -- Jeb Bush would stand up -- 'He is not a true conservative' -- who cares -- I am a conservative, but I'm really about making great deals for the people so they get jobs... the people don't care ya know when you're talking -- they don't care, they want good deals -- ya know what? They want their jobs back.

Well, I don't like heroes, I don't like the concept of heroes, the concept of heroes is never great, but certainly you can respect certain people and certainly there are certain people -- but I've learnt a lot from my father -- my father was a builder in Brooklyn and Queens -- he did houses and housing and I learnt a lot about negotiation from my father -- although I also think negotiation is a natural trait, I don't think you can, you either have it or you don't, you get better at it but basically, the people that I know who are great negotiators or great salesmen or great politicians, it's very natural, very natural... I got a letter from somebody, their congressman, they said what you've done is amazing because you were never a politician and you beat all the politicians. He said they added it up -- when I was three months into the campaign, they added it up -- I had three months of experience and the 17 guys I was running against, the Republicans, had 236 years Ð ya know when you add 20 years and 30 years -- so I was three months they were 236 years -- so it's sort of a funny article but I believe it's like hitting a baseball or being a good golfer -- natural ability, to me, is much more important to me than experience and experience is a great thing -- I think it's a great thing -- but I learnt a lot from my father in terms of leadership.

I don't want it to be a disruption -- I love the world, I want the world to be good but we can't go -- I mean look at what's happening to our country -- we are $20 trillion -- we don't know what we're doing -- our military is weak -- we're in wars that never end, we're in Afghanistan now 17 years, they told me this, really -- 17 years, it's the longest war we've ever been in.

Well, we have to have, ya have to have the right people and as you know Pompeo -- who's really been received, did a good job yesterday, head of the CIA -- might I think we have some very great people going in -- I think we have some great people -- ya know I have a lot of respect for the intelligence but a lot of leaks, a lot of fake news coming out, a lot of fake news.

Well, that guy is somebody that you should look at, because whatever he made up about me it was false -- he was supposedly hired by the Republicans and Democrats working together -- even that I don't believe because they don't work together, they work separately -- and they don't hire the same guy -- what they got together? See the whole thing is fake news because it said the, whoever it was, intelligence, the so-called intelligence, said he's an operative of Republicans and Democrats -- they don't work together, they don't work together.

I think probably could be intelligence or it could be, it could be, the Democrats.

When I just heard it -- I ripped up the mat... if I did that in a hotel it'd be the biggest thing -- they'd have me on the front page of The New York Post, right? And the other thing, I can't even, I don't even want to shake hands with people now I hear about this stuff -- ugh.

It's fake news, it was totally made up and I just got a letter from people that went to Russia with me -- did you see that letter -- very rich people, they went with me, they said you were with us, I was with them, I wasn't even here when they said such false stuff.

I left, I wasn't even there... I was there for the Miss Universe contest, got up, got my stuff and I left -- I wasn't even there -- it's all... so if this guy is a British guy you got a lot of problems.

Ya know this is a very, very big change -- I led a very nice life and ya know successful and good and nice and this is a lot different -- but ya know my attitude on that is when you're president, you're in the White House which is a very special place -- you're there for a limited period of time -- who wants to leave? Like I've liked President Obama, he's been very nice, yeah he's been nice one on one, but maybe not so nice in other ways -- but who wants to leave the White House to go to some other place and be away on a vacation? The White House is very special, there's so much work to be done, I'm not gonna be leaving much -- I mean a lot of work to be done -- I'm gonna be in there working, doing what I'm supposed to be doing -- but who wants to leave the White House?

Yea, Camp David is very rustic, it's nice, you'd like it. You know how long you'd like it? For about 30 minutesÉ

@realDonaldTrump I think, I'll keep it... so I've got 46 million people right now -- that's a lot, that's really a lot -- but 46 million -- including Facebook, Twitter and ya know, Instagram so when you think that your 46 million there, I'd rather just let that build up and just keep it @realDonaldTrump, it's working -- and the tweeting, I thought I'd do less of it, but I'm covered so dishonestly by the press -- so dishonestly -- that I can put out Twitter -- and it's not 140, it's now 140, 280 -- I can go bing bing bing and I just keep going and they put it on and as soon as I tweet it out -- this morning on television, Fox -- "Donald Trump, we have breaking news" -- I put out a thing . . .

I tweeted a little bit, yeah.

I tweeted about the intelligence agencies because it all turned out to be false information.

This -- I have numerous, I have numerous -- I have iPhones, I have . . .

No, I do -- I have one or two people that do during the day I'll just dictate something and they'll type it in.

No, not Steve, but I have people that do it. But ya know the tweeting is interesting because I find it very accurate -- when I get a word out and if I tell something to the papers and they don't write it accurately, it's really bad -- they can't do much when you tweet it and I'm careful about, it's very precise, actually it's very, very precise -- and it comes out breaking news, we have breaking news -- ya know, it's funny, if I did a press release and if I put it out, it wouldn't get nearly -- people would see it the following day -- if I do a news conference, that's a lot of work.

Although the media have been better lately, which is shocking, shocking -- in fact today they have a front-page story saying that Trump's people will never leave him -- ya know all of the voters that I have will never leave -- which is very interesting cause we have great support in the country, tremendous support, I was very surprised at that story.

Oh, really... Ya know what, Jared is such a good kid and he'll make a deal with Israel that no one else can -- ya know he's a natural, he's a great deal, he's a natural -- ya know what I was talking about, natural -- he's a natural deal-maker -- everyone likes him.

Well, not now, she's going to Washington, and they're buying a house or something, but ya know she's got the children, so Jared will be involved as we announced -- no salary, no nothing. If he made peace -- who'd be better at that then Jared, right -- there's something about him . . .

Well, I'll be there -- we'll be there soon -- I would say we'll be here for a little while but and it looks like she'll be here first -- how is she doing over there, by the way, what do you think?

Yeah, May.

Popular. How are they doing with the break-up? How's the break-up going?

Well, we're gonna get a trade deal. Well, how is our Nigel doing? I like him, I think he's a great guy, I think he's a very good guy and he was very supportive. He'd go around the US -- he was saying Trump's gonna win. He was one of the earliest people that said Trump was gonna win. So, he's gotta feel for it. Michael, you should've written that we were gonna win.

Good, I'd love that. That's fantastic -- how to fight terrorism, I can use that.