I think it was the worst deal I've ever seen negotiated. I think it was deal that should have never been negotiated.

Absolutely. The deal that was made by the Obama administration, I think it's a shame that we've had a deal like that and that we had to sign a deal like that and there was no reason to do it. And if you're going to do it have a good deal. Secretary Kerry who was negotiating it never once left the table. We have the worst of everything. We've already given them billions and billions, probably hundred $50 billion. We gave them $1.7 billion in cash, which is unheard of. And we put the money out. And we have really nothing to show for it.

We will see what happens. And we'll going to see what happens. I can say this, they had total disregard for our country. They are the number one terrorist state, they're sending money all over the place and weapons, and can't do that.

Just started.

Well, we're just started with sanctions. I never talked about military moves. I always criticize President Obama with having an announcement that they're going into Mosul, they're going to some place. And they give the name, the date, the time. I don't believe in that. We will -- let's see what happens. But I don't like to talk about what we do militarily.

No, I'm not bullish. It's like they're emboldened. They follow our planes, they circle our ships with their little boats, and they scream things at us. It is what happened -- it's not good. You would thought what the deal they made, which was a great deal for them and a horrible deal for us, that they would have had a warmth toward our country, and it's exactly the opposite. They lost respect because they can't believe anybody could be so stupid as to make a deal like that.

We have to do something about the cartels, I did talk to him about it. I want to help him with it. I think he is a very good man. We have a very good relationship, as you probably know. We will going to have a wall, we will going to have a border. We have to stop drugs from coming into our country, and if he can handle it, and maybe they can and maybe they can't or maybe he needs help, he seemed very willing to get help from us because he has got a problem and it's a real problem for us.

I would rather, as a very nice man that he is and somebody I respect, I would rather have him respond to that. But I will tell you, I certainly offered him help on knocking out the drug cartels because we have got a problem. Don't forget those cartels are operating in our country, and they are poisoning the youth of our country. And by the way, countries all over the work, just so you understand, this is a cartel all over the world, the cartels. But I certainly would help him if he needed the help here

Well, it's a country that has got difficulty. It's certainly has done well with us. We have a trade deficit with Mexico of $60 billion a year. That doesn't include drugs, and it doesn't include the border and all the things that are happening on the border. But it is a country that I have great respect for the people. I love the people. I really like this administration. I think he is a good man. We get along very well. But they have problems controlling aspects of their country. There is no question about it. And I would say that drugs and the drug cartels number one.

Well, we might not have to do that. They want to negotiate a deal. I want to negotiate a deal. We will see what happens. But we can always do a tariff or a tax if necessary, and we will do that if necessary. But if we can make a deal, we assignment of NAFTA, but I am going to put another F in the name NAFTA because right now it's free trade, and I'm going to have it fair trade also because it's not fair.

We are losing, Bill. We are losing $60 billion a year in trade deficits with Mexico. We can't do that.

I had a busy week. Yes. Busy week and a half.

Yes.

No I didn't because we don't really know exactly what that is. They're pro-forces. We don't know if they're uncontrollable? Are they uncontrollable? That happens also. We're going to find out. I will be surprised, but we will see.

I do respect him.

Well, I respect a lot of people. But that doesn't mean I am going to get along with him. He's a leader of his country. I say it's better to get along with Russia than not. Will I get along with them? I have no idea.

There are a lot of killers. Do you think our country is so innocent? Do you think our country is so innocent?

Take a look at what we have done too. We've made a lot of mistakes. I've been against the war in Iraq from the beginning.

A lot of mistakes, okay? But a lot of people were killed. So, a lot of killers around, believe me.

You know, I hate to be evasive but --

I don't like talking openly about it. I don't like talking openly about it. I can say this, ISIS is bad. They are evil. They cut off heads of Christians and Muslims and anybody else that gets in their way. They drown people in steel cages. This is like not since the medieval times has anything happened like this. And the previous administration allowed it to happen because we shouldn't have been in Iraq, but we shouldn't have gotten out the way we got out. It created a vacuum, ISIS was formed. I was to take the oil. If they would've taken the oil, there would be no ISIS because they used that to --

And you would have made a lot of money with the oil and you would have had assets and to the -- and all of that. But forget that.

Yes. We are working very much right now on the health care package. Which I think would be -- it is moving along very well. We are trying to get our person Dr. Tom price approved, as you know, the Democrats are being purely political reasons.

That is terrible.

I think so, yes. And I think before the end of the year, I would like to say yes.

Well, in the process, and maybe it will take until sometime into next year, but we are certainly going to be in the process. Very complicated. ObamaCare is a disaster. You have to remember, ObamaCare doesn't work. You look at Arizona, 160 percent increase. You look at Minnesota, all of these places it's going through the roof.

It doesn't work.

We're going to be putting it in very soon. I think that yes, I would like to say by the end of the year. At least the rudiments, but we should have something within a year into the following year. And by the way, we will have something that is good. Less expensive and really great health care.

Well, I think it is a ridiculous sanctuary cities as you know. I am very much opposed to sanctuary cities. They break crime, there are lots of problems. You do it very well with Kate and all of the other people you talk about on the show that I watch. I will tell you that sanctuary cities are -- they got a lot of problems, and if there is tremendous crime. A lot of people agree with me. This was a campaign issue. This isn't just brought up now. California in many ways is out of control, as you know. And from an economic standpoint, people are leaving California and going to Texas and other places that run in a different manner, but we will see what happens. We will certainly not stand for sanctuary even cities, let alone states.

Yes. It's so logical. There are many things that are very logical, the tax cuts are logical but the Democrats who want to raise taxes --

Because they think that is their voter.

It's a very strange phenomenon. We get along. I don't know if he will admit this, but he likes me.

I like him because I can feel it. You know, that is what I do in life, it's called like, I understand. Now, we had a rough campaign. He was fighting better for Hillary than she did. He was vicious during the campaign toward me, and I was vicious toward him. We said horrible things about each other. And then we hopped into the car and we drive down Pennsylvania Avenue together. We don't even talk about it. Politics is amazing.

We talked about the country. We talked about the future of the country. I asked him about what you think our biggest problem is, and he told me that I can't tell you, but it's a problem. It's a military problem.

No, it's not China.

No, it is, he did mention -- because I did ask him, I said, what would you say one, two, three problems are? And the number one problem that he felt I was a little bit surprised but I fully understand --

I can't do that. I can't do that. Not for any other reason other than I don't think he would mind if I said it. I don't want to let that particular place know that that's the way he or I feel. But we had a great -- it was a great inauguration. I loved every minute of it, and I got along with him. In fact, people were sort of surprised. I finished, I turned around, he was smiling, I was smiling.

See, I am an honest person, the country has a very, very deep- seated problems. We have to do something about it. And if you noticed, when I finish my speech, I turned around, shook his hand --

And he was very gracious. And smiling.

I don't know, but he seemed to be. But this isn't just a knock on him. We have been going down the wrong path for many years beyond him.

I think the size, the magnitude of everything. So, I was a very big real estate person. I build a building for 500 million or $900 million. And here, you look at an airplane contract where you can save $600 million on 90 plans. I saved more than $600 million. I got involved in negotiation on a fighter jet, the F-35. And by the way, Lockheed Martin, a great company. But they weren't bringing their price up. I got involved, I saved more than $600 million. I was very proud of that. But the magnitude of -- you can do that at every level of government. My new thing is going to be Pharma because we pay too much with the largest drug purchaser in the world. And they don't negotiate.

I'm working long hours. Long hours. Right up until 12:00, 1:00 in the morning.

Five o'clock.

I read the papers, I see what is going on, I take a look. I see the lies, you know, the lies -- that is another thing. I always got good press. You know, I was a business guy, I got good press.

I have never -- I collect, you know, fake news. Some of the networks and some of the papers -- the level of dishonesty, when they take a story that should be good, I know good from bad.

They take something that should be a good story, in fact, sometimes, I say, oh, this is going to be nice to read and say, whoa. And they will purposely totally change it. It is fake news.

Well, because I am on the other side of the equation. They did it to Reagan but not as much.

I just think that it is just the other side of the coin. You know, they called themselves progressive, which is a beautiful word. But it's not true.

When you look at what happens -- I don't know. I think they don't like my -- I don't think they like anybody on our side.

I always respond.

No because they always do it. The first thing they do with the Republicans or conservatives is the racist card. They pull out the racist card. They always do. Not just me. I mean, they do it with everybody. And I see that and once you know that, you feel a lot better about it.

Well, many people have come out and said I am right. You know that.

And doesn't have to do with a vote, although, that is the end result, it has to do with the registration. And when you look at the registration, and you see dead people that have voted, that are on many, many dead people are on that have voted, when you see people that are registered in two states that voted in two states, when you see other things, when you see illegals, people that are not citizens, and they are on the registration rolls. See? What they do is they load up the registration rolls. There is a lot of bad things happening. Look, Bill, we can be babies but you take a look at the registration, you have illegals, you have dead people, you have this, it is really a bad situation. It is really bad.

Well, I think I already have. A lot of people have come out and said that I am right.

Look, we have a lot of different -- you go to the voting booths and you see what was going on. But to get that -- forget all of that. Just take a look at the registration as we're going to do it. I'm going to set up a commission to be headed by Vice President Mike Pence and we are going to look at it very, very carefully.

Yes.

So, you don't, either. Because I watch and you say --