That's true.

I'm very good. Thank you, Mike.

It is fake news. And it's really disgraceful what they can say between Russia and you and John Hennelly and so many others. We have so many friends in Talk Radio. Some people say Talk Radio won me the election.

But I'd say it certainly helped.

And you've been great, Michael. I appreciate that very much. Now we do a lot of Talk Radio and we really respect it.

As a media

That's right. Well, we have a good group of Republicans. We really do. Don't forget there's three or four people that let us down.

That's all it is. We had -- as you know, we had health care, it was done. And then a hand went up and then the hand was -- went up in the wrong direction at two o'clock in the morning, and everybody was shocked by it and disappointed. Whether you call it disgraceful or whatever you want to call it, you can call it what you will.

But in all fairness to the Republicans, you have some great people that are Republican senators. And we have some great congressmen and women that I know and I like so much. But I will tell you, we were very, very disappointed with that. But here is the good news.

We're gonna get it. We have the votes. We're gonna get it. Now we have a problem with Ed Cochran.

He's not feeling well. You know that. He's quite sick, quite ill and some other things. But we're gonna get it.

We're gonna to get taxes. We're gonna get the health care reform. I'm going to get economic development which  have talked about. We're gonna get a tremendous infrastructure bill. But I'm awaiting the .

I figured it out. I know, I know exactly what we're doing. I have a great plan. We were upset by one vote in health care, as we said. We're gonna get it. You know I voted five times, I don't care, I don't care.

You know how somebody can vote for seven years, repeal, replace, repeal, replace when it didn't mean anything. Now you have a president that's actually gonna sign it. But it didn't mean because you had somebody that wasn't gonna sign it. Plus, they didn't even have the Senate in this circumstance.

So they always vote. Repeal, replace. And then when they finally have it so they can get it, you have to have a  and you're just about to have the Senate, and one vote knocks it out, it's very, very -- it's a disgrace.

I've got to do what I have to do. We got to get it done. We have to have so much approval. You know the one thing I will say, and you see it in my  how they've been, especially in certain swing states.

If you look at Iowa and Pennsylvania and you look at North Carolina, we're just there. And West Virginia is through the roof because you see what we've done on coal. We're putting coal miners back to work and West Virginia is doing really well. So many different states. And you know they see, they get it.

And maybe also because of Talk Radio,  Fox street may very well. But I tell you, CNN is fake news. MSNBC and NBC are terrible. They're probably as bad or worse than CNN.

They're really despicable.

They're despicable people. They do a terrible job. Their ratings are reflecting it, very badly relative to others.

And I tell you what, it's just that something we have done so well with what -- I'll give you an example. We have way over 50 legislative approvals where we went through the Senate, where we went through the House. Nobody talks about it. They said we have none.

said we have none. We have almost a record number. It's almost a record number. Maybe a record.

And I would say almost because then they'll check you. But then they'll say, you know, in 1824, so they'll say, Donald Trump isn't telling the truth. These are very, very terrible people. So we have just about a record number of legislative approvals. Nobody knows that.

So with all of the --

So think of this. We have the Accountability Act. Nobody could get it for 40 years. For 40 years, they couldn't get it.

And I have to say respectfully, there was the union, there was the civil servants. It was the civil service. And all of that and everyone said, you could never get it. So now if somebody has a horrible job for the veterans, if they are sadistic, which happens, if they are lazy and slow and don't show up, we can actually fire them. Before, you can't fire them.

So now we passed a lot of things for the veterans. We passed a lot of things for economic development. And then for the EPA, look at what we're doing with EPA. So we're doing great. And of course, we have Judge  as you know.

People don't even know them. In all fairness, the Wall Street Journal wrote a fantastic article the other day about how well we're doing with federal. There will never have been an impact like we're going to have with federal judges. I think we have 145 of them, not including Court of Appeals where we have 17.

It will change the whole . Now they're delaying us. They're obstructing, the Democrats. They're taking our picks.

They're taking my nominations, and they're just taking forever.

Yes, we're very much. You know it.

We've been there a long time.

The New York Tmes, the Washington Post are so inaccurate, so  They will take a good event and make it bad. They will take something that really is positive, I mean it's just the way it is. And actually, people admit it. And actually, the New York Times actually almost admitted it, Mitch.

They said, we don't even care.

And it continues, and it continues. It's an amazing phenomena.

You know what gets to me? What's incredible to me is I would say I watch the news on me, and I would see, nobody, nobody would vote for Trump. Then I see polls coming out. We had one come out today  at 47, 46 or 47. And you know, at 47, you can't lose.

That's a very high number. In fact, Obama got out at 46. So he was very popular if you call that popular. I don't know why he was popular but I guess he was popular. We're doing -- we're undoing a lot of the damage that he did. And let's face it, Mike, I inherited a mess.

Whether you look at North Korea, whether you look at the Middle East, whether you look at so many different things. You look at what the environmental things they have done, have done to some of our companies, it's just  Getting out of the Paris Accord was a great thing. That was going to cost us a fortune. It was gonna cost us millions of jobs. It was a disaster. And by the way, I can get back in anytime I wanted to at a much better deal.

I'm not particularly interested.

Well, we need a couple of extra votes. We hope John McCain is gonna vote for us. We have nobody has any idea here, but we hope he's gonna vote. I probably won't be able to be here. So that's very bad. That's almost like a no vote.

I think about it. I do believe Rand Paul is gonna come through. I do believe he's gonna come through. I hope he's going to come through. You know, I've gotten along very well with him.

Whenever I really need him, he's been there for me. I must tell you, he was there for me on the first health care bill, two of them. And frankly, he liked the second health care better, meaning the one that I didn't ask him for the vote because I could see we weren't gonna get there. But now we are there and I think Rand will be there.

Let's see what happens, but we have the votes coming up starting on Thursday. Budget is phase 1 and the vote is phase. 2. And if the Republicans don't do it, it would be disgraceful to them.

You have been my friend from the beginning. You noticed I walked over you very quickly.

You've been my friend. I thank you very much. We're gonna get it there. We're gonna lower lower those taxes. We're going to make ourselves competitive again. We're the highest taxed nation in the world. We will turn it around faster.

Thank you very much.