Thank you. Thank you very much. I appreciate it, David. I appreciate all your support. I mean, you have views similar -- I don't even know if we call it support or you have views that are similar than mine.

Thank you.

OK. Good. Good. Well, the zero bracket is a very substantial bracket.

We're bringing it down to zero for many people that are right now paying taxes and we bring the rate down to 12%, which is a much higher rate in the old tax law. In addition to that, we're lowering -- a lot of people have Subchapter S and they have flow-throughs and they have other things, or they have small businesses, not only large businesses and those rates are coming way down. So we have the business rates are coming down, which I think is most important as businesses are going to be expanding and jobs are going to be had. So, we're going to have a lot of jobs, David, that we didn't have before. And right now we are the highest tax nation anywhere in the world.

You can even say developed or undeveloped. We're the highest tax nation in the world. We have to get this tax cut. It's imperative that we get -- every country is lowering their taxes but us. We haven't lowered them since Ronald Reagan. I mean, it's been many many years since taxes went down and it's hard to believe. Now, when you mentioned the word tax reform, I must tell you, I don't use that word.

I use tax law.

No, no, I use tax cuts because a lot of people say to me, "You know, tax reform. Does that mean our taxes are going up?" because they don't know. Now there is a tax reform with it, a very big tax reform. But I talk in terms of tax cuts and reform.

It's going to be simplification. We're going to have four brackets including a zero bracket. We're going to have -- you're going to be able to do your taxes literally on one page. No longer hiring H&R Block and spending a fortune on -- because nobody understands what they're doing. And it's going to be a really low tax.

You're going to have a low tax, you're going to get a substantial tax decrease.

Right. Right. Well, you know, that was so important to my daughter Ivanka. I must be honest. She doesn't even want to talk and talking about anything else.

That's all she wants and she wants that credit and she wants that to take place. And she said, "Daddy, once -- " And you know, it's funny when I speak in speeches everyone stands and goes wild when I mention the wall, which is happening by the way. In fact, you see the prototypes being built right now.

Absolutely, it's going to happen. And when I mention the Second Amendment and, you know, they want to take away your guns and nobody talks about with the child and the child tax. Ivanka wants that so badly. She fought so hard for it and I started to realize that that was something that's so important and people are loving it.

So people with children are going to be able to benefit for the first time in a long time. Maybe ever in terms of tax

That's right. Thank you.

Well, it's going to affect everybody. It's going to -- actually, we're getting rid of a lot of the big deductions for business and we're simplifying, we're bringing down the rate but the rate is actually for rich people. About the same. The big beneficiaries are the middle class.

I call it the working people. But the big beneficiaries are the middle class. Now, when business expands -- a lot of times rich people own businesses, but those are the people that create the jobs. So, our businesses are the highest taxed in the world. If they continue to be taxed like this this is why jobs are flowing out of the United States. Now, with all of that being said, we hit 3%, 3.2% last quarter in GDP.

Our unemployment is at a low for almost 17 years. You know, we're doing really well. We're starting to train people out of that big mass. They call it 100 million people, but let's call it 50 million people because some of those --

OK. You understand what I'm talking about, because you know I've always said that the number of 4% unemployment is really not a right number because you have many people they give up looking for a job because they can't get a job. So, you have a lot of people out there that want work. And as you also see, David, companies are coming here, factories are coming here.

Car companies are now rebuilding plants again. This hasn't happened in 20 years. They're leaving. They're going to Mexico.

They're going to other places. It's all stopping and the tax cut will help us. A lot of the people that lost their jobs, lost because companies are so highly taxed that they leave the United States. They go to another -- they literally go to another country where the taxes are smaller.

Right. Well, one thing, we are bringing back probably $3 trillion, $3.5 trillion. So, we have $3.5 trillion coming back that will just -- literally, you couldn't get it back because of the tax system. It didn't really allow the companies even -- it didn't make sense to bring it back. The number was so high and the bureaucracy so great.

So, all of that money it could be more than $3.5 trillion. You know, for years we've all been saying $2.5 trillion. Well, let me tell you, it's grown a lot. And it's at least $3.5 trillion will come back into our country and be put to work on jobs and other things.

And the other thing is we're bringing the corporate tax rate from 35% down to 20%, and it's going to have a massive impact.

Well, since the election we're up $5.2 trillion in value in the stock market. That's the stock market alone. Don't forget you have many other markets. You have housing market --

You add them all up. It's a lot more than we owe. You know we owe $20 trillion, $10 trillion over the last eight years. So, President Obama doubled our debt. Think of it, over the last eight years doubled.

I mean, if you think for all of the years in eight years we've doubled our debt, but we've added so much value, so much worth it's been sort of an incredible thing and we're very happy about it. $5.2 trillion just in the stock market.

I'm used to it, but you've been my friend and I appreciate it. Thank you, David.

Take care of yourself.

Thank you.