I'm very good, thank you, Jim.

Well, I guess you have to say that. They've been great friends of mine for a long period of time, and they're terrific people. And I have to tell you, the Falcons have terrific people also. But I've known them a long time, so I guess we're allowed to do that every once in a while. They are really wonderful.

I think it's going to be a wonderful game, actually.

Well, I don't have to give them advice. These are champions. These are winners; they know how to win. And I speak to them on occasion, but I don't have to really speak very much about winning. They know how to do it. And it's a lot of pressure on them, but probably less so because they've been there and they've done it before.

So more pressure always on the ones that haven't done it.

Well, I haven't seen it. I mean, honestly, I've been so busy doing other things I haven't seen that. I haven't noticed it. But I can tell you that, generally speaking, that's a two-way street. There may be some people that aren't liking the fact that he may feel good about me, but there are a lot of other people that like him a lot better because of it. So that really has proven to be a two-way street.

There have been many instances of that, where people have sort of said--a little bit negative about whatever it may be, even a store or a chain, and the chain's business goes through the roof. I mean, we've had cases like that too. So it really is a two-way street, Jim.

Well, I think Tom Brady is a great guy. And it's over with, and we don't have to discuss it, but it was a rough period of time, and it was very sad. I thought it was very sad. And look at the season he's had--missing four games, and look at the great season he's had. So I just think it was an unfortunate experience, and I think it was bad for probably everybody involved.

And that's all behind us, so that's a good thing. National Football League Commissioner Roger S. Goodell

Well, I'd just say good luck, just do a good job with the NFL. I mean, he handled the various situations--this was prior to me running for office--and he handled the various situations in his way, and I hope he's happy with it. I think it's good if he is. But people can disagree on everything. I may not have disagreed--I may really have looked upon the way he handled it a little bit differently than others, but you know what, it's the NFL.

It's going to do well. The game is going to be very interesting. We'll see what happens.

Well, Tom is always pardoned, you know that. Tom doesn't need a pardon. Tom--his game pardons him, and his talent. He's a great champion. So I think his game really pardons him. And frankly, I don't think he's somebody that has to be pardoned.

If they wanted, I would allow them to play, but I will say that they have to be very careful, because that would be the big risk to the NFL if it gets to a point where people are afraid to let their children play. That would not be a good thing for the NFL, certainly. But it depends on the level. I mean, I know--I played football at a certain level, and I will tell you, it's a rough game, it's a tough game.

And there's something really good about that in terms of competition and learning how to compete and win. But it's a rough game, and a lot of people are deciding the other way. But regardless, I would also leave it up to the young person in the family. I think I would have to do that.

Well, I have no opinion on it. They're going to have to take a look at that. They're going to talk with the league; they're going to be talking to, obviously, government officials wherever it may be. And when it comes up to the level of the Presidency, I'll have an opinion.

Well, what I'd do is I'd sit down with the commissioners. I would be talking to them, and we'll see how they feel about it. Some would not want it, and probably others--and I've read where others maybe do. But I would certainly want to get their input and get the input from the various leagues, and we'll see how they feel about it. I'd also get the input from lots of law enforcement officials, because obviously, that's a big step.

So we wouldn't do it lightly, I can tell you. It will be studied very carefully. But I would want to have a lot of input from a lot of different people.

Well, I've been asked to support it, and I've actually spoken to the Olympic Committee in Europe. And they are--I think, were very happy when they spoke to me. They wanted to have an endorsement from me, and I gave it to them very loud and clear. I would love to see the Olympics go to Los Angeles. I think that it will be terrific.

The United States Committee's members have asked me to speak up about it, and I have. And I think I've helped them. And let's see what happens. But I'd be very happy and honored if they would choose Los Angeles, and we'd stand behind it.

Well, I don't know, but we have to have--regardless, we have to have security in our country. We have to know who's coming into our country. We have to have people that are coming in with good intentions, Jim. If people are coming in with bad intentions, I want to be able to find out before they get here.

You see what's happened in other countries, you see what's happened in our country. Take a look at so many different events, including the World Trade Center. So if people want to come into our country, they have to come in with good intentions. And we want to have strong borders. And we want to have extreme vetting, and we want to know what we're doing, frankly.

And right now it's tied up in the courts. And I think it's a bad situation for the country. I think it's very, very bad. We have to know exactly who's coming into our country. And I think most people agree with me on that. And they may not express it, but you're seeing it more and more, people are agreeing with me. I want security for the United States.

Well, I think that's going to be really up to the various Olympic committees. They've taken a very strong stand, and that's going to be up to them, much more so than me. So we'll see what they have to say, Jim.

I don't know. I think--I know he loves the game, and we're going to have a lot of fun. It won't matter. I'll just make sure he's my partner.

Well, I think it's great that they come together. But I will say, we were a very divided country before I came along. And one of the reasons I won the election is because of the fact that we were such a divided country. And we had a tremendous group of people that--you look at issues and you look at what's going on, and there was such division in our country.

And I think a lot of people think that I'm going to be able to bring it together, and I think I will be able to do that. But we have been a very, very divided country for a very long period of time. And you know, I guess they consider me to be very much of an outsider, but it's an outsider that can bring us together.

And I think I'll be able to do that.

Well, boxing is an interesting--I've had many, many fights, as you know. I've been involved with just about everybody in that business, and I really enjoy the boxing, and I enjoy what they've done with the UFC, Dana White and all of the folks, the families that have done such a great job with that. And I enjoy sports at any kind.

I enjoy virtually every sport. And sports--nothing is easy. Sports isn't easy. And--but I have great respect for what they're doing and what they're doing with the--I think today's game is terrific, and I think it's going to be terrific.

Well, I think I've done well. I think polls are showing that I've done well. It's been tough on a lot of people because we're breaking the glass a little bit. We're doing what has to be done. We're being strong on vetting; we're being strong on coming into the country. It's very easy if you just let it be the way it was, but the FBI has over a thousand investigations going on right now on terror and terrorism.

They've never had anything like that before. And that's been reported all over the place. And frankly, we have to have a safe country. But I think I've done very well. We have plants coming back and going into Michigan and Pennsylvania and Ohio; and the car companies are pouring back into our country. I've saved hundreds of millions of dollars in negotiation on the F--35 fighter jet and various military elements that I've gotten involved in the negotiation.

I've saved hundreds and hundreds of millions of dollars. That will end up being many, many billions of dollars. I think I'm getting very high marks by a lot of people.

Thank you very much, Jim. Thank you.