I don't want to change too much. I've had a wonderful life and wonderful success. I want to make this a great success for the American people and for the people that put me in this position. So I don't want to change too much.

I can be the most presidential person ever, other than possibly the great Abe Lincoln, all right? But I can be the most presidential person. But I may not be able to do the job nearly as well if I do that.

She does, yes.

No, because I end up working longer. And that's OK. I -- I mean, I'm working long hours. I mean, the country has a lot of problems.

Correct.

Ultimately, it'll come out of what's happening with Mexico. We're going to be starting those negotiations relatively soon. And we will be in a form reimbursed by Mexico, which I've always said...

Yeah, absolutely, 100 percent, yes.

All it is, is we'll be reimbursed at a later date from whatever transaction we make from Mexico. Now, I could wait a year and I could hold off the wall. But I want to build the wall. We have to build the wall. We have to stop drugs from pouring in. We have to stop people from just pouring into our country. We have no idea where they're from. And I campaigned on the wall. And it's very important. But that wall will cost us nothing.

Well, I think he has -- David, I think he has to say that. He has to say that. But I'm just telling you, there will be a payment. It will be in a form, perhaps a complicated form. And you have to understand, what I'm doing is good for the United States. It's also going to be good for Mexico.

Well, I'd say very simply that they are going to pay for it. I never said they're going to pay from the start. I said Mexico will pay for the wall.

As soon as we can. As soon as we can physically do it, we're -- we're...

I would say in months, yeah. I would say in months. Certainly, planning is starting immediately.

They shouldn't be very worried. They are here illegally. They shouldn't be very worried. I do have a big heart. We're going to take care of everybody. We're going to have a very strong border. We're going to have a very solid border. Where you have great people that are here that have done a good job, they should be far less worried. We'll be coming out with policy on that over the next period of four weeks.

I'm going to tell you over the next four weeks.

So, let me tell you, first of all, it was so misrepresented. That was supposed to be a confidential meeting. And you weren't supposed to go out and talk to the press as soon as you -- but the Democrats viewed it not as a confidential meeting.

Let me -- sure. And I do -- and I'm very -- and I mean it. But just so you know, it was supposed to be a confidential meeting. They turned it into not a -- number two, the conversation lasted for about a minute. They made it -- somebody said it was, like, 25 percent of the -- it wasn't. It was hardly even discussed.

I said it. And I said it strongly, because what's going on with voter fraud is horrible. That's number one. Number two, I would've won the popular vote if I was campaigning for the popular vote. I would've gone to California, where I didn't go at all. I would've gone to New York, where I didn't campaign at all. I would've gone to a couple of places that I didn't go to. And I would've won that much easier than winning the Electoral College.

But as you know, the Electoral College is all that matters. It doesn't make any difference. With that being said, if you look at voter registration, you look at the dead people that are registered to vote who vote, you look at people that are registered in two states, you look at all of these different things that are happening with registration, you take a look at those registration for -- you're going to find -- and we're going to do an investigation on it...

Well, we're going to find out. But it could very well be that much. You have people that are registered who are dead, who are illegals, who are in two states. You have people registered in two states. They're registered in a New York and a New Jersey. They vote twice. There are millions of votes, in my opinion. Now... MUIR: But again...

I'm going to do an investigation. Now, David, David...

I'm -- well, of course. I want the voting process to be legitimate.

People that...

Sure. Sure. Sure.

Sure. Done.

No, it hasn't. Take a look at the Pew reports.

Really? Then why did he write the report?

Excuse me. Then why did he write the report?

According to Pew report. Then he's -- then he's groveling again. You know, I always talk about the reporters that grovel when they want to write something that you want to hear, but not necessarily millions of people want to hear, or have to hear. This is...

We're going to launch an investigation to find out. And then the next time -- and -- and I will say this. Of those votes cast, none of them come to me. None of them come to me. They would all be for the other side. None of them come to me.

But when you look at the people that are registered: dead, illegal, and two states. And some cases, maybe three states? We have a lot to look into.

There's nothing bigger. There's nothing bigger.

Well, let me just tell you, you know what's important? Millions of people agree with me when I say that. If you would have looked on one of the other networks and all of the people that were calling in, they're saying, We agree with Mr. Trump. We agree." They're very smart people.""ell

That's true. That's true.

Yes, very much.

No, not at all.

Not at all. Because many people feel the same way that I do. And...

No, not at all. Because they wouldn't -- they didn't come to me, believe me. Those were Hillary votes.

Yes.

OK, so I'm glad you asked. So I went to the CIA, my first stop. I have great respect for the people in intelligence and CIA. I don't have a lot of respect for in particular one of the leaders. But that's OK. But I have a lot of respect for the people in the CIA.

That speech was a homerun. That speech, if you look at Fox, OK, I'll mention your network -- read -- see what Fox said. They said it was one of the great speeches. They showed the people applauding and screaming and -- and they were all CIA. There was nobody -- somebody was asking Sean, Well

Absolutely.

It was great. People loved it. They loved it. They gave me a standing ovation for a long period of time. They never even sat down, most of them, during the speech. There was love in the room. You and other networks covered it very inaccurately. I hate to say this to you, and you probably won't put it on, but turn on Fox and see how it was covered and see how people respond to that speech. That speech was a good speech. And you and a couple of other networks tried to downplay that speech. And it was very, very unfortunate that you did.

Part of my whole victory was that the men and women of this country who have been forgotten will never be forgotten again. Part of that is when they try and demean me unfairly -- because we had a massive crowd of people -- we -- we had a crowd -- I looked over that sea of people and I said to myself, Wow." And I've seen crowds before. Big

When I looked at the numbers that happened to come in from all of the various sources, we had the biggest audience in the history of inaugural speeches. I said, the men and women that I was talking to who came out and voted will never be forgotten again. Therefore, I won't allow you or other people like you to demean that crowd and to demean the people that came to Washington, D.C., from faraway places because they like me. But more importantly, they like what I'm saying.

This is the Oval Office.

Right.

It's carnage. You know, in my speech, I got tremendous -- from certain people, the word carnage. It is carnage. It's horrible carnage. This is -- Afghanistan is not like what's happening in Chicago. People are being shot left and right. Thousands of people over a period -- over a short period of time. This year, which has just started, is worse than last year, which was a catastrophe. They're not doing the job.

Now, if they want help, I would love to help them. I will send in what we have to send in. Maybe they're not going to have to be so politically correct. Maybe they're being overly political correct? Maybe there's something going on?

But you can't have those killings going on in Chicago. Chicago is like a warzone. Chicago is worse than some of the people that you report, in some of the places that you report about every night, in the Middle East.

I want them to fix the problem. You can't have thousands of people being shot in a city, in a country that I happen to be president of. Maybe it's OK if somebody else is president.

I want them to fix the problem. They have a problem that's very easily fixable. They're going to have to get tougher and stronger and smarter, but they got to fix the problem. I don't want to have thousands of people shot in a city where, essentially, I'm the president.

I love Chicago. I know Chicago. And Chicago is a great city. It can be a great city. It can't be a great city if people are shot walking down the street for a loaf of bread. It can't be a great city.

Well, so far they have been unable -- it's been going on for years. And I wasn't president. What's going on? So all I'm saying is, to the mayor, who came up to my office recently, I say, you have to smarten up and you have to toughen up. Because you can't let that happen. That's a warzone.

I want them to straighten out the problem. It's a big problem.

Well, I'll be talking about that in about two hours.

You're going to see in about two hours.

Well, I have a general who I have great respect for, General Mattis, who said -- I was a little surprised -- who said he's not a believer in torture. As you know, Mr. Pompeo was just approved, affirmed by the Senate. He's a fantastic guy. He's going to be the head of the CIA. And you will have somebody fabulous, as opposed to the character that just got out who didn't -- was not fabulous at all.

And he will, I think, do a great job. And he is, you know -- I haven't gone into great detail, but I will tell you, I have spoken to others in intelligence and they are big believers in, as an example, waterboarding.

Because they say it does work. It does work.

Now, personally...

Yeah. I would do -- what I would do -- I want to keep our country safe. I want to keep our country safe.

When they're shooting, when they're chopping off the heads of our people and other people, when they are chopping off the heads of people because they happen to be a Christian in the Middle East, when ISIS is doing things that nobody has ever heard of since medieval times, would I feel strongly about waterboarding? As far as I'm concerned, we have to fight fire with fire.

Now, with that being said, I'm going with General Mattis. I'm going with my secretary, because I think Pompeo is going to be phenomenon. I'm going to go with what they say. But I have spoken, as recently as 24 hours ago, with people at the highest level of intelligence, and I asked them the question. Does it work? Does torture work? And the answer was: Yes, absolutely.

I don't want people to chop off the citizens' or anybody's heads in the Middle East, OK? Because they're Christian or Muslim or anything else. I don't want -- look, you are old enough to have seen a time that was much different. You never saw heads chopped off until a few years ago. Now they chop them off, and they put them on camera, and they send them all over the world.

So we have that. And we're not allowed to do anything. We're not playing on an even field. I will say this. I will rely on Pompeo and Mattis and my group. And if they don't want to do, that's fine. If they do want to do, then I will work toward that end. I want to do everything within the bounds of what you're allowed to do legally. But do I feel it works? Absolutely, I feel it works.

I want to keep -- no, I want to -- no, I will rely on General Mattis, and I am going to rely on those two people and others. And if they don't want to do it, it's 100 percent OK with me. Do I think it works? Absolutely.

Right, so many. It's amazing.

When they explained what it represents and the kind of destruction that you're talking about, it is a very sobering moment, yes. It's very, very -- very scary, in a sense.

No. But it's -- confident that I'll do the right thing. The right job. But it's a very, very scary thing.

Well, I think I see a tremendous amount of waste. I see a tremendous amount of job opportunities that have been let go for many years, and I'm not just talking about President Obama. I'm talking about for many, many years. And I was a big, big fan of Ronald Reagan, but I was a never big fan on trade with respect to Ronald Reagan.

I just think we've had years and years of allowing our jobs to be dissipated in this country, and there's no reason for it.

I view it all the same.

Right.

We're talking about -- no, it's not the Muslim ban, but it's countries that have tremendous terror. And it's countries that people are going to come in and cause us tremendous problems. Our country has enough problems without allowing people to come in, who in many cases, or in some cases, are looking to do tremendous destruction.

You look at what's happened - I have a whole list. You will be very thrilled. You're looking at people that come in, in many cases, in some cases with evil intentions. I don't want that. They're ISIS. They're coming under false pretense. I don't want that. I'm going to be the president of a safe country. We have enough problems.

Now, I'll absolutely do safe zones in Syria for the people. I think that Europe has made a tremendous mistake by allowing these millions of people to go into Germany and various other countries. And all you have to do is take a look. It's -- it's a disaster what's happening over there.

I don't want that to happen here. Now, with that being said, President Obama and Hillary Clinton have a -- and Kerry -- have allowed tens of thousands of people into our country. The FBI is now investigating more people than ever before having to do with terror. They -- and it's from the group of people that came in.

So, look, look, our country has a lot of problems, believe me. I know what the problems are even better than you do. They're deep problems. They're serious problems. We don't need more.

You're going to see. You're going to see. We're going to have extreme vetting in all cases. And I mean extreme. And we're not letting people in if we think there's even a little chance of some problem.

Because we are -- we are excluding certain countries, but for other countries, we're going to have extreme vetting. It's going to be very hard to come in. Right now, it's very easy to come in. It's going to be very, very hard. I don't want terror in this country. You look at what happened in San Bernardino. You look at what happened all over. You look at what happened in the World Trade Center, OK? I mean, take that as an example. People don't even bring that up.

Anger? There's plenty of anger right now. How can you have more?

Look, look, David, David, I mean, I know you're a sophisticated guy. The world is a mess. The world is as angry as it gets. What, you think this is going to cause a little more anger? The world is an angry place. All of this has happened. We went into Iraq. We shouldn't have gone into Iraq. We shouldn't have gotten out the way we got out. The world is a total mess. The world is a mess, David.

Well, we should have kept the oil when we got out. And you know, it's very interesting. Had we taken the oil, you wouldn't have ISIS, because they fuel themselves with the oil. That's where they got the money.

We should have taken the oil. You wouldn't have ISIS if we took the oil.

Can you believe that? Wait a minute. Can you believe that? Who are the critics that say that? Fools. I don't call them critics. I call them fools.

We should have kept -- excuse me. We should have taken the oil. And if we took the oil, you wouldn't have ISIS, and we would have had wealth. We have spent, right now, $6 trillion in the Middle East, and our country is falling apart. It's not right.

Well, don't let it get your attention too much, because we'll see what happens. I mean, we're going to see what happens. You know, I told you and I told everybody else that wants to talk, when it comes to the military, I don't want to discuss things. I want to let -- I want to let the action take place before the talk takes place.

I watched in Mosul, when -- a number of months ago, generals and politicians would get up and say, we're going into Mosul in four months. Then they'd say we're going in, in three months, two months, one month, we're going in next week. OK. And I kept saying to myself, gee, why do they have to keep talking about going in?

All right. So now they go in, and it is tough, because they've given the enemy all this time to prepare. I don't want to do a lot of talking on the military. I want to talk after it's finished, not before it starts.

We -- here's what I can assure you.

It's going to be -- what my plan is, is that I want to take care of everybody. I'm not going to leave the lower 20 percent that can't afford insurance. Just so you understand, people talk about Obamacare, and I told the Republicans this. The best thing we can do is nothing for two years, let it explode, and then we'll go in and we'll do a new plan and the Democrats will vote for it, believe me.

Because this year, you'll have 150 percent increases. Last year, in Arizona, 116 percent increase. Minnesota, sixty some odd percent increase. And I told them -- except for one problem. I want to get it fixed.

The best thing I could do as the leader of this country, but as wanting to get something approved with support of the Democrats, if I didn't do anything for two years, they'd be begging me to do something. But I don't want to do that.

So just so you -- Obamacare is a disaster. It's too expensive. It's horrible health care. It doesn't cover what you have to cover. It's a disaster.

I said to the Republican folks, and they're terrific folks, Mitch and Paul Ryan. I said, look, if you go fast -- and I'm OK in doing it, because it's the right thing to do -- we want to get good coverage at much less cost -- I said, if you go fast, we then own Obamacare. They're going to put it on us. And Obamacare is a disaster waiting to explode. If you sit back and let it explode, it's going to be much easier.

That's the thing to do. But the right thing to do is to get something done now. I want to make sure that nobody's dying on the streets when I'm president.

So nobody ever deducts all the people that have already lost their health insurance that liked it. You had millions of people that liked their health insurance and their healthcare and their doctor and where they went. You had millions of people that now aren't insured anymore.

No, no, we -- here's what I can assure you. We are going to have a better plan, much better health care, much better service treatment, a plan where you can have access to the doctor that you want and the plan that you want. We're going to have a much better health care plan at much less money.

We're going to have an explosion. And to do it right, sit back, let it explode, and let the Democrats come begging us to help them, because it's on them. But I don't want to do that. I want to give great health care at a much lower cost.

Well, you know, when you say no one, I think no one. Ideally, in the real world, you're talking about millions of people -- will no one? And then, you know, knowing ABC, you'll have this one person on television saying how they were hurt. OK. We want no one. We want the answer to be no one. But I will say: Millions of people will be happy. Right now, you have millions and millions and millions of people that are unhappy.

It's true.

No, I couldn't hear them. But the crowds were large, but you're going to have a large crowd on Friday, too, which is mostly pro-life people. You're going to have a lot of people coming on Friday.

And I will say this -- and I didn't realize this, but I was told -- you will have a very large crowd of people. I don't know, as large or larger. Some people say it's going to be larger, pro-life people, and they say the press doesn't cover them.

No, you shouldn't. But let me just say, what they do say is that the press doesn't cover them.

Well, I do, but I have to also say: We just had an election a few weeks ago. And they voted, in many cases, and some cases, they didn't vote, I imagine. And we did have an election. With that being said, absolutely I have responsibility to everybody, including people that didn't vote forTrump. Totally.

This is the Oval Office.

This is the Oval Office. This is truly one of the great spaces. And I bring people in from General Motors and from Ford and the biggest people, and I bring in the labor leaders, and the people that are in the labor movement. And they walk into this room, and they just want to take it in. They could stand here for an hour just taking it in.

Just the history of it. The importance of it. What's happened here. I actually put some pictures up that I thought would be great. Some of the paintings that I thought would be really appropriate, George Washington, Alexander Hamilton, Thomas Jefferson, Abraham Lincoln, Andrew Jackson, who a lot of people, they compare the campaign of Trump with, the campaign of -- you have to go back to 1828, but that seems to be a comparison for, you know, certain obvious reasons. But we put some of these up. MUIR: And we're standing on -- we're standing on Ronald Reagan's rug?

This was Ronald Reagan's. And you have a choice, you know, when you come in. They have eight or nine carpets. They have different furniture. The desk is...

Yes. Yes. It's the resolute desk. This is actually very nice. This is actually a couple of things that are interesting. This was given to me by one of the combatants that I fought to get here, and Adams versus Jefferson, and this book, they say this was the most vicious campaign ever fought for president until this.

Somebody. A combatant. And this was the letter given to me by President Obama.

Which was -- I won't show it to you or read it to you. But a -- just a beautiful letter.

There were numerous lines. So well-written. So thoughtful. So thoughtful. And in the drawer, you know, put in the drawer, which is a custom, but I doubt too many of them were written in this manner. He really -- in fact, I called him and thanked him for the thought that was put into that letter.

It was long, it was complex, it was thoughtful, and it took time to do it, and I appreciated it. And I called him and thanked him.

Well, I think nothing that surprised me, but it was stated beautifully. But -- and I'm representing a lot of people, and I'm carrying on a very important tradition, and just do a great job. He wants me to do a great job.

He said something that was very interesting to me. He said, you know, if I thought your health care plan was going to be better than his plan, Obamacare, I would support it, and I believe he would. I believe he would.

The amazing thing to me -- and he may say differently -- is that we I think have sort of a great relationship, and yet it was a vicious campaign, and vicious things were said by him and by me about each other.

I mean, he said that, you know, I would never represent the Republican Party. Then, I won, that I will never win. And I said vicious things about him. It was a very -- you know, you talk about Jefferson and Adams. This was rough. And Hillary had a great asset on her side, him and Michelle, who is a phenomenal person. But Hillary had these two people that were really campaigning, big league.

In fact, I was going out and campaigning -- you know, really complaining about it. I was saying, not really fair. But to have that kind of vitriol, to have that kind of stuff going on, and then we're riding in a car together up Pennsylvania Avenue, and I'm saying to myself -- I actually said to him, This is a little weird

But we really -- we didn't discuss the negative. We only discussed the future and the positive. And we really got along well. Now, again, he may say differently, but I don't think he would. We really got along well.

She fought hard. She fought hard.

I just don't know. I mean, I hope so. From my standpoint, we want to move onto the future. So I hope so. I don't know what the status of that is. I know it's a lot of very serious stuff, but I certainly hope so.

Right.

Right. I'm very proud of that. Very proud of that. The business community and the labor community, you saw that with the labor leaders that came out. One of them said it was the single greatest meeting I've ever had with anybody, it's the highlight of my life. And the Dow on top of it just hit 20,000. First time in history. I'm very proud of that. Now, we have to go up, up, up. We don't want it to stay there.

That's going to be the challenge, but it's gone up a lot since I won. Don't forget, when I won, people thought, oh, maybe it will go down. But the business world doesn't think that. The business world knows me. They don't think that. And it was a steady climb. And now we just hit a record and a number that's never been hit before. So I was very honored by that.

Now, these are some of the pictures that were taken. This is the swearing in and the first dance with Melania. Here's a picture of the event. Here's a picture of the crowd. Now, the audience was the biggest ever. But this crowd was massive. Look how far back it goes. This crowd was massive. And I would actually take that camera and take your time, if you want to know the truth.

There is a warmth -- look, if you see that picture, there is a warmth there. But that was an incredibly beautiful moment. And I've seen it over the years. I've seen the good and the bad. But the scene of that great machine turning on and lifting off, it was really something special.

Well, right now, she is just getting settled, moved to Washington. Her husband, Jared, very, very smart. Good guy.

Right, he does. And he has an office. We'll have to see what happens. She is a special person.

She's smart and she's got every quality you could possibly have. I don't rule out anything. No, there's certainly a possibility. And Jared has been here, and he's doing a great job.

One thing this shows is how far over they go here. Look. Look how far this is. This goes all the way down here. All the way down. Nobody sees that. You don't see that in the pictures. But when you look at this tremendous sea of love -- I call it a sea of love. It's really something special, that all these people traveled here from all parts of the country, maybe the world, but all parts of the country. Hard for them to get here. Many of these people were the forgotten men and women, many of them. And they loved what I had to say. More importantly, they're going to love the result.

Thank you very much. Thank you, David.