Pretty fancy place, right?

Not so bad. You've come a long way.

That's true!

Well, I don't have much time to eat. We're trying to pass tax cuts now and we've got all sorts of things lined up. Tomorrow I head for China and Japan, South Korea, Vietnam, and the Philippines. Other than that it won't be very busy.

Well, we're doing great as an economy. We're having tremendous numbers, tremendous stock market numbers. Every day we're hitting new highs and the tax cuts but are really needed to really make this country take off like it should. The tax cuts are going to be very important and I think they're gonna happen, there's tremendous spirit in the Republican Party, and I can tell you the Democrats are worried.

You know they're obstructionists and they're worried about it, but I think we're gonna, I think we're gonna do fantastically well, both in the Senate and in the House.

I think so, yeah. I think so. I think that there is, for instance, we were really there on health care, and then we got a surprise vote and we're gonna come back to health care right after this is over, we're gonna get that done. But I will say that I think there's, I mean, you guys know as well as I do, you see what's going on, this tremendous spirit to get the tax cuts done.

Tremendous energy.

So we've already hit it. We had 3.2, and now we have 3, and the 3 is in a tough season because we had hurricanes, we had really five hurricanes. I mean, bad ones, as you know probably better than I do, and that's supposed to be a point. That would mean we would have hit 4, so we had GDP of 3.2 and 3 in the last two quarters and most people didn't think we were going to be there for three years.

So a lot of it is the fact that I cut the regulations and the companies are already starting to really get back to work, but the regulations have been very seriously cut.

Absolutely, absolutely. They're ready to rock, and this country is ready to rock, and don't forget, other countries have GDP at 11, 12, 13, 6, 7. We were at 1.2 when I came in and it's just not acceptable, and now we're up to 3 and each point in GDP is $2.5 trillion. That's more money than we're talking about to a large extent for tax cuts.

I mean, that's actually more money than we're -- 1 point makes a tremendous difference and nobody can tell me we're not gonna get a point. And we just left the Rose Garden, you saw. We have Jay Powell going in at the Fed and he's a very, very talented guy. I think he's gonna do a great job.

Right.

Obamacare, by the way, has been a disaster.

Well, we're talking about, as you know, we're talking about ending the individual mandate and giving that to the middle class and giving it to businesses where they, you know, go out and create a lot of jobs. But the mandate has been a disaster. The individual mandate has been a disaster. I mean, people that had insurance before Obamacare, now they have to pay not to have it.

It's got to be the most unpopular thing, one of the most unpopular things I've seen in government, and so we're even considering getting rid of the individual mandate.

Yeah, and they're going to get it. Honestly, they're gonna get it. We're gonna get repeal and replace, and we're getting very close to getting it anyway, and Obamacare is exploding and imploding, just as I said it would, and the tax cuts are going to be very important. In a way, I feel a little bit guilty leaving for China and Japan and for South Korea now, because, you know, this is prime time, but I will say the receptivity, and you people know it as well as I do, the receptivity has been fantastic for the tax cuts.

Oh, this'll be great.

Right. Well we're bringing from 35% down to 20. That's a tremendous cut. This will be the biggest tax cut in the history of our country, so this will be bigger than anything we've done.

I think it's going to be tremendous and also the reason I say for business, business needs it, because we are one of the highest-taxed countries in the world. It's not even close, OK? We're one of the highest-taxed in the world and now we're going down to one of the lower, not the lowest -- I'd like to be there too, but you know you can only do so much, and by the way there is a Phase 2. Maybe we do a Phase 2 if this kicks off like we think it will, but this will have a huge impact on business and a huge impact on jobs.

Well, that sounds interesting. That's a very fine plan. Great economists.

Hey, there are some people that agree with that, I have to tell you. You know that.

Yea, I'm gonna go down very soon and we're gonna be, when I get back, sometime after I get back from Asia, and we have five and even six test walls up. We call them prototypes, and you know, it's interesting -- we have the, we have the Border Patrol working on it, and they're working hard, and ICE, cause they're the ones you want, and they want a certain vision through the wall right, because, if you think about it, you can't just have a concrete wall that you don't know who's on the other side. So they want to have a vision through the wall, and, no, those are some great prototypes. There's one or two in particular that we like and I'll be going there over the next three or four weeks.

Yea, basically I'll be picking the winner, but I'll be picking it with ICE and I'll be picking it with the Border Patrol, and you just mentioned Israel, but their wall works. 99.9%, 99.9%.

He's got a big one. When I heard that, that was actually during the South Carolina primary. You know that, right? Remember that? And it was during the South Carolina and I heard that they, that the Pope was sort of against the wall and then I said, 'Wait a minute, let me see some of the pictures of the Vatican.'

And we want a merit-based system. We don't want lotteries and you can imagine who they put in those lotteries. They're not putting their finest, no, they're not putting you guys in the lottery, OK? They're putting people that -- let's not even talk about it, but they're not putting their finest.

Inconceivable, but I think now they're understanding it and I would like to say, 'Move fast' because in three weeks from now they won't understand it to the same extent. Now I understand a lot of Democrats want to end that lottery system Well, I've been talking about the lottery system for a while. I've also been talking about chain migration. We have to end chain migration, chain migration's a killer, where somebody like him can come in, and they'll bring 20 people, 23 people with him potentially, and in his case he only has a green card. No he's a bad, he's a bad person, he's an animal, as far as I'm concerned and we're gonna be very tough.

Well, we have extreme vetting, and now we have more than that. I mean, you see what we've been doing and we've done a great job at the border, 78% down. And you look at that when, you know, if they went 1% down, it was a big story. We're 78% down, people pouring into the border and that's before the wall.

It's enforcing the laws. The people on Border Patrol and ICE, you know, they endorsed me and the first time they've ever endorsed a presidential candidate.

They want to do, you know, they actually work much harder now than they used to, and they love it. They're doing their job, they love the country, they're proud of their country, they're doing their job.

It's true, come to think of it. That's very true. Thank you both very much. This is a pleasure.