Well there are special people -- I know many people from Puerto Rico, I come from a place called New York and I love the Puerto Rican people. I know the island very well. I've been here many times. We have to help. We've done a fantastic job. It was a very tough one. An A+ in Texas. An a+ in Florida.

And we may have done our best work here but it hasn't been appreciated but actually if you see over the last couple of days, people are seeing what we've done. The runways are open. The ships are pouring in. A lot of things are happening. It's great.

I don't know the mayor but she was very, very nice at the beginning. She says it's incredible what happened and all of a sudden she went a little bit on the nasty side. And I guess she is running for office and it turns out I was right. Isn't that a shock?

Your current governor, he is been amazing. Your congresswoman has been absolutely amazing and the people, I met your state Senators and lots of other people. Virtually every mayor has been so thankful. The job we've done.

It's the job of the Navy and Army and Air Force and Marines. The whole thing. The U.S. Coast Guard, what they've done, the lives they have saved -- the people are really very thankful.

We are going to help the people. A lot of people and a lot of debt, they have 72 billion in debt before the hurricane hits. And had a power plan that didn't work before the hurricane we are going to help them.

We are going to get it back in its feet. I'm very proud of the fact that if you look at one statistic, 16 deaths. That is a lot of dust. But 16 -- if you look at Katrina, they had in the thousands. This was a storm, the likes of which nobody has ever seen.

We had FEMA before the storm even came. They were on the island during the storm, they were on the island before the first storm. They got hit by two hurricanes. We are very proud of the job we've done.

Now we will have to try to get them back, the power is slowly getting on. The roads are open. The runways are open. These people that you've met today, the first responders, these are incredible people.

We are going to work something out. They owe a lot of money to your friends on Wall Street. We will have to wipe that out. It's going to have to be, you can say good-bye to that.

I don't know if it's Goldman Sachs but whoever it is, you can wave good-bye to that. We have to do something about, because the debt was massive on the island.

We are going to help the people out. We are going to get the electric going again. It was a complete wipeout. It was a lot of very valuable equipment. It was equipment in bad shape but we are going to put it in good shape.

You been a great friend. Thank you.