Well, I had a little thing going on called a strike. This was my state all the way, but we had a big strike, and, frankly, I think we are very close, and now we've really connected, I think, even more so with Nevada, and it just a special place. But, Dean Heller is very, very important to the state. We're working very closely with him on so many different things, and he's very, very important to win.

And Adam Laxalt is going to be an outstanding governor. You need it. And, you know, working with the White House, it's certainly a lot easier. But these are great people. They've run really great campaigns, and this was fantastic today. I did another one a month ago in Las Vegas that was equally incredible, and, look, it's just a great state, and you have two people that are outstanding. One other person is Danny Tarkanian, who has been incredible.

Well, I don't really, but I am going around and helping people, because I have some states where I won by 42 points, and I'm helping people -- you know, when you're up by that kind of number, we go around and we help. I was in Montana. I was in Arizona. I was all over over the last month, and here, I have been a couple of times, and maybe a few times, I should say, and I'm here for Dean Heller, and I'm here for, you know, really the Republican ticket.

They're outstanding. But Adam Laxalt, likewise, he's going to be so great as a governor, which you really need.

Well, I think the Kavanaugh hearings have really galvanized the Republican Party. People saw how horribly this number one student at Yale, and when he sat there and said, what I really did is I work so hard of becoming number one in my class, and I could understand that so well, and people understood it. And the Democrats did too.

And then they made up all of this fantasy fiction, and they knew it was phony, and what they did was disgraceful. I think it was disgraceful, and I really think that's one of the reasons Republicans are doing so well. We're doing very, very well in the Senate, as you know possibly even better than me, because you're a real pro, but we are doing very well on the Senate.

Far better than anybody would have thought. And I think the House is going to be close, but I think we're doing well in the house also.

Well, we have to get past this election, for one thing, we have to, because we're not going to heal it before. But I think ultimately we can come together on immigration. When you look at that disaster going on, and I thank Mexico, because for the first time, they respect the president of our country, and they're in there doing a great job and holding it back, because we have the worst immigration laws ever of any country.

So I think we can really heal. But I think we have to wait till after the election.

Horrible.

Well, if necessary, I'm going to call up the military, we're going to stop them at the border, because we have the worst laws any nation has ever had, and were made by the Democrats, and we can't allow hundreds of thousands and millions of people to pour into our country. We have no idea who they are. There are plenty of criminals in that group, and you understand that, that's just common sense, but you understand that, and we're not going to allow them to come into our country.

Now, Mexico is stopping them far from our border, and I appreciate it. I asked them to do that, and they're doing it, and I very much appreciate Mexico's stance. They've never done a thing like this for our country. I think they respect leadership now. But, pretty much that's the story. We're going to -- we're not going to allow it to happen.

We can't allow it to happen. But, ultimately, we're going to come up with a great immigration plan, because we have to. And I think we can really heal the country. I think immigration is one of the three or four main parts that have to be healed.

Well, I have a little bit, because one time, a number of years ago -- you know I have property in this state. I -- I proudly pay a lot of money to a lot of people that work at my property, and properties. No, I -- I know how to say it, it's Nevada. But it takes -- most people don't say that, but I do. I don't have the courage to say it the other way when I'm in this state, is that right?

Did I say the right way?

Good.

Thank you.

Sure.

No, I'm -- I'm very inclined to be against it. I know Dean Heller is very much against it. He's been fighting it. And, I think he should do things where people want him to happen. So I would be very inclined to be against it, and we will be looking at it very seriously over the next few weeks. And I agree with the people of Nevada.

It's all right. I mean, hey, it's not going to be the first time in this country, that's for sure.

Thank you very much.

Yeah, sure.