Right.

Well, for one thing, we're going to get rid of barriers and we're going to open up markets, and it's going to be a great thing for farmers. And farmers were really at the top of my list, because I think they've been treated very unfairly for many years, including by NAFTA, but very unfairly for many years, because they have barriers.

You look at what's going on with Canada, where they get charged almost a 300 percent tariff to send dairy products in, and I was witnessing that. I saw that. I love the farmers. They supported me, and I always told them we're going to get this done one way or the other, and it's going to be good for the farmers.

We also help them a little bit, as you know, through our great Secretary Perdue and to the tune of four billion so far, because we want to help. They deserve help, because they were targeted by China, and probably others, but now it's all coming back and it's coming back strongly, and I said just stick with me for a little while, and we're a little ahead of schedule.

In Mexico, the deal is signed and it's going to open up Mexico even more, and it'll be far better than NAFTA, and we're working on the European Union also, where they have very very strong trade barriers up with the farmers can't get their product in, and we're working on Canada.

Canada, we just said look, if you don't do something about these barriers that you have in these tremendous tariffs that you have for our farmers and others then we're not going to be making a deal, we're just going to tariff you coming back in, because Canada has been very rough on our farmers, and you go to Wisconsin, you go to Iowa, you go to Upstate New York and different places where you have very big farm communities. They've been treated very I would say in a rough manner by Canada, and hopefully that'll end. We have meetings today with Canada.

They came down to see us about trying to get into the deal right now. We're not letting anyone else in the deal because of the fact that we want to make sure our farmers are properly taken care of and if they're not going to be properly taken care of, we're not going to do the deal.

Yes.

Well, an amazing thing has happened Sarah. Our steel industry was dead. It was going to go out of existence, and you know, we need steel, if you think about it from a military standpoint, from any other standpoint, we need -- from a defense standpoint, we need steel.

I put tariffs on for steel and for aluminum our steel mills are booming. It's probably the biggest expansion industry and the country right now. The steel is booming. We're making steel again and I will tell you that prices are going to start to come down because, as an example, U.S. Steel opened up six plants. They're spending billions of dollars ,other companies are spending hundreds of millions and even billions of dollars and steel has become one of the hottest industries right now. That's a beautiful thing.

So we have to remember that I would say that automatically tariffs are going to start coming off products that we send to other places. There's only a small amount of farm products that are affected by the tariffs having to do with steel, but we're very proud of what's happened with the -- and even the farmers will ,you know, ultimately, if we need it for defense we needed it for, and we have to have a steel. You can't -- there are some industries you can frankly do without.

This country has to have steel and it has to have aluminum. We needed for so many different things, but we do need it for our military. We have to be able to buy it. We can't buy everything from China or other places, but I think you're going to see a tremendous opening up of the markets for the farmers. That was very important to me.

Right, well when I ran, as you remember and I've always said if you'd go from election day five years back take soybeans. It's dropped in half. That had nothing to do with me. So it came down, and I guess you figure you would know this better than anybody, but 15 years of declines in terms of farmers. They've had 15 years straight years in terms of decline.

Part of the reason is that we they're very highly tariffed in Canada and other places and they also have other types of barriers. I call tariffs a barrier to a certain extent, but they have other types of barriers. I think the farmers are going to do fantastically well. We're opening up markets that they never had before. China has -- we have a trade deficit with China the likes of which nobody's ever even conceived of before.

It'll be at least $375 billion. Somebody had to do something now. The farmers -- there are big barriers, big tariffs. I opened it up for cattle, as you know, I got that done for beef, and a lot of good things are going to happen. You know, this doesn't happen overnight. You can't just go in and say China's been hitting our country very very hard for a long period of time for many many years.

Actually, it would be more than a decade, and really probably, if you look, at least 25 years, and they've been taken out billions and billions of dollars and I've said in my campaign we have to stop. We can't let this continue and the Chinese have -- well, then they're going to go after our farmers because they know I love the farmers and the farmers love me. I mean, you look at the vote and all I'm saying is that look at what happened with Mexico. We've taken down barriers. We've opened it up. We've expanded the market. They're going to now buy much more from our farmers.

They are agreeing to buy much more farm product from our farming areas, and with China it's going to be the same thing, and I will say this: I've heard soybean prices to starting to move up, and a lot of other prices are starting to move up, and that's way ahead of schedule, and I'm really happy about it. But I view the farmers really great patriots. They really great patriots, they understand it and there will be a little pain. It could be that that pain is going to end much sooner than we think.

That's why I'm glad that we did the deal with Mexico and I have a feeling we'll probably be able to do a deal with Canada. But only if they treat our farmers well. And China, that's the big one, and we're doing well. Our country is up $10 trillion and China's down $20 trillion, and -- just in the last number of months, and I want China to do well, but they have to treat us fairly.

Right.

Well, you know, I've been very loyal to ethanol, as you probably know and they've been terrific people. I -- they back to me, and for Iowa in primarily, if you really look, it's Iowa and a couple of other great places, and they were all for me, and I've been very loyal, and I'm going to be making some statements on that very soon.

We're working very hard on the ethanol situation. It's very complex, because as you take care of ethanol something else gets hurt, you know all about that, but I've been very good for ethanol, and they're talking about moving it up to 15%, and they're talking about 12 months as opposed to much less than that, as you know, and I'm looking at both of those situations. I've been dealing with Senator Grassley and Senator Joni Ernst and they're terrific people, and I think we're going to come to a very good solution for the farmers.

Right.

Yeah, right after the election, we're going to start on it right. Now, the Democrats are obstructionist. All they want to do is obstruct and that's what they do. They don't have good policy. I don't know if they're good politicians. I would say maybe not. But the fact is all they do is obstruct and you know, their... their whole big slogan is resist. Ours is make America great again. Theirs is resist. We're going to be doing something very dramatic right after the election.

Well, I love Rural America, you know, they were with me and I'm with them all the way. A hundred percent.

Thank you. Thank you Sarah.