Amazon and Facebook,  Amazon. And screw the Google question.

Hello fellas. How are you?

Jonathan. Good. Let's go.

Yup.

You look at the European Union. They fined, I guess it was Google --

-- billions of dollars. And frankly, I don't like that they're doing that, because that's an American company. I don't think it's good that they're doing that. But if anybody does that, that should be us doing it. That shouldn't be the European Union.

You know you get into the whole thing with freedom of speech, and what do you think, and --

Well, you do. You know, I have so many people saying that, but it's certainly something that we have looked at, are looking at.

They were talking about this years ago.

You know, they were actually talking about this same subject, monopoly, years ago, long before I was in office.

In fact, a lot of people thought it was going to happen, and then, I guess, the previous administration stopped it from happening.

I'm in charge. I am definitely in charge, and we are certainly looking it.

Antitrust, yes.

For all three.

No, look. That doesn't mean we're doing it, but we certainly looking -- and I think most people surmise that.

I think it's a terrible situation. I hated seeing what happened with the bus and the children, because that's pure -- that's a horror show when you see a thing like that. You saw the bus, and --

No, that's right. But it wasn't operated by U.S. people. That's a big difference. We don't do that.

Our people are the best operators in the world.

Does that bother me? Bother me? Jonathan, bother's not strong enough. That was basically people that didn't know how to use the weapon.

Which is horrible.

I don't want to see that. That is a terrible thing. What's going on in Yemen, generally, is a terrible thing, and we're going to see, and we're looking at Yemen very carefully right now. We are actually studying Yemen very, very carefully. It is --

It is, probably, right now, the worst place on earth, I would say.

Oh, is that right?

I say it too. I didn't know the U.N. said it, but I say it.

I will be talking about a lot of things with the Saudis. But certainly, I wouldn't be having people that don't know how to use the weapons shooting at buses with children.

And we teach them how to use the equipment, but that doesn't mean --

Yeah, I'm not happy about it. I'm not happy about it, but we'll see what happens with Yemen.

Yeah.

Yeah.

No he didn't. Actually --

No. No, he didn't, but it wouldn't matter because preexisting conditions on anything we do will be put into it. So it doesn't matter whether it -- basically that's the lawsuit on Obamacare, and we have pretty much dismantled --

-- because if you think of it, we've taken out --

We've taken out -- we took out the individual mandate. But, anything we do we will put in preexisting condition. So if it gets terminated, we will put preexisting conditions back in.

I'll get it done. I mean, that's part of the deal. I'll get it done. I -- I support terminating Obamacare, but if we terminated we will reinstitute preexisting conditions in whatever we do.

Don't be confused. Is he confused?

Yeah.

Well I we've contributed. We've certainly contributed.I mean there's certain, pollutants that go up, and there are certain things that happen, certain things we do, that if we weren't here, certainly --

Well, I don't necessarily agree, but --

Well, that's okay. That's okay, and I want everybody to write report whatever they want. But ultimately, I'm the one that makes that final decision. I can also give you reports where people very much dispute that. You know, you do have scientists that very much dispute it. I want to make sure that we have the cleanest air --

But Jim, I want to make sure -- here's what I want. So you have different views on this, and is there climate change? Yeah. Will it go back like this? I mean, will it change back? Probably, that's what I think. I believe it goes this way, and I believe, yes, man, meaning us people, men and women, to be politically correct, but -- because everyone says man, but now we have to add women to that one too. Man and women. We do have an impact. But, I don't believe the impact is merely what some say, and other scientists that dispute those findings very strongly.

Well I haven't seen -- I haven't seen --

I would always -- I would always include everybody. I want to hear all sides.

With an executive order.

Right.

Yes

It was always told to me that you needed a constitutional amendment.

Guess what?

You don't.

Number one -- number one, you don't need that. Number two

-- you can definitely do it -- well, you can definitely do it with an act of Congress. But, now they're saying I can do it just with an executive order. Now, how ridiculous -- we're the only country in the world where a person comes in, has a baby and the baby is essentially a citizen of the United States for 85 years, with all of those benefits. It's ridiculous. It's ridiculous. And it has to end.

Yeah, I have.

It's in the process. It'll happen.

With an executive order, that's what you're talking about, right?

I didn't think -- I didn't think anybody knew that but me. I was the only one.

Yeah. Yeah.

Well, a big part -- a big part --

And when I see any of the people, I'm only referring to fake news, because it's a very bad thing, but a big part --

You know what's interesting --

Not that much. I'm here. It got me here.

Not really.

You have to fight back to you. You're --

They like me more because of that.

Jim -- I --

I don't. I don't, but if you give me false reports, I would say that's not a good thing for our country.

I think I'm doing a service when people write stories about me that are so wrong. When I do really good. I know when I do good and when I do bad. I really get it, okay? I really get it better than anybody in the whole world.

Jim, it's my only form of fighting back. I couldn't be here if I did that. I would never be here.

No, no no. But I did this before I won. And you know what, I'm doing very well right now. Now, I think momentum might have been stopped, because we were doing fantastic. All of a sudden, they're not talking about the election. They're talking about the two plots, if you want to call them that. But let me just say this: all I'm doing is fighting back against false stories and false things that are being said. It's my only form of doing it.

But I think I did.

Yeah.

Among the fair people, I got a lot of credit for my statement on the anti-Semitism, and what took place over the last two or three days. I mean, they like the statement. But then I'm at a rally, and you have to go to a different mode, and I told the people, I said, I'm going to tone it down. I was going to cancel the rally in Illinois, and then I said, when you start canceling things, that gives too much importance to these very sick people. These are sick people. But Jim, the only way I can get my point across is to fight it, because the press is very much against me. And I thought after I won the election, I honestly believe this, after I won the election, the one thing that would straighten out is the press. At least I'd start getting fair press Jim, it got worse.

It worse.  I read The Times. I read a lot of things. Because I want to know. I want to know --

I have to know about the enemy. Let me just say this: some of the finest people I know are reporters. They are honorable. They're great. They write bad about me, and they're good about me. You know, if I deserve it, bad. And if they would write accurately about me, I would be the nicest president you've ever seen. It would be much easier. It's much easier for me to be nice, because I'm basically a nice person, I hope. It's much easier Jim for me to be nice, than it is for me to be the way I have to be.

I'll show you the Sharpie.

Let me just show -- put them right there. Thank you, darling. Thank you. The famous Resolute desk, right? So I was signing documents with a very expensive pen, and it didn't write well. It was terrible, actually. It was a horrible pen, and it was extremely expensive to put it mildly, a government ordered pen . Is that for me?

Sounds like the head of -- must be the head of France. He calls a lot. Emmanuel -- and I get along with every one of them. You'd be surprised.

Yeah, he does shake hands.

-- and then you pull that hand away from him. Emmanuel. But he's a good man. He's actually a good man. So. I'm signing, and then I started using. Just a Sharpie, and then one like, sort of like this. So that's a sharpie.  Now I said to myself, well, wait a minute, this this writes much better. And this costs almost nothing, and the pen is extremely expensive. So I called up the folks at Sharpie, and I said, do me a favor: can you make the pen in black? Make it look rich? And he said, not only we can do that, we can put your signature on it. See, that's your signature right here. This cost practically nothing, and the other one was immensely expensive, and you give them out and more important than anything, it writes well. So it works out good. I don't want to make this as a commercial for Sharpie . But what it is, is a commercial on saving money too.

Thank you Jon.