Well, congratulations.

I'll tell you what. I haven't done one of these phoners in a while. I used to do them -- hey Bernie, I used to do them all the time. You know that.

But, uh, this is an honor. Great show. Bernard has been a friend of mine for so long, and Sid, you too, but I've known Bernard for, we don't want to say how long, right Bernard?

It's been good. It's been good, and you've been so great, and so nice, and I appreciate it. And so when you asked me to do the show, I said I'm thinking, I'm going to take a couple of minutes. I'm going to do that show, in between North Korea and Iran and all of the other things going on.

Well, thanks.

Go ahead.

Ah, that's great that makes me feel good. You know, if you look at, from judges to regulations, to the biggest tax cut in history, and we got no Democrat help or support on the tax cut, and now it's become really popular. And now we have to take over.

We have to do something with respect to China. You know the $500 billion a year deficit, the other presidents decided they couldn't handle it, or didn't want to handle it. We have no choice. And we're going to do a great job of it. It's got to be fair, and it's going to be great for this country. But we had no choice. We have to do.

But so many things -- somebody actually said the other day Trump actually fulfilled more promises than he made. I said that's pretty... that's an interesting way of looking at it.

Yeah

That's right. That's right. Your friend Roseanne.

That's exactly right. But, you know, the poll -- a poll just came out, Rasmussen. It's now 51.

And they say that it's 51, but add another seven or eight points to it.

If you... people know what's going on. Very important. The border is very important now. that's a big, big subject and you know we're stopping them. We called out the military. We're calling out the military and it's a very, very powerful subject for this country. It's important.

Well fellas, we've already lost the trade war. We don't have a trade war. We've lost a trade war, because for many years, whether it's Clinton or the Bushes or Obama, all of our Presidents before have, for some reason, it just got worse and worse, and now it's $500 billion in deficits, and a theft of $300 billion in intellectual property.

So, you can't have this. Now, we could... the easiest thing for me to do is just to close my eyes and forget it. If I did that, I'm not doing my job. So, I'm not saying there won't be a little pain, but the market's gone up 40%, 42% percent, so we might lose a little bit of it. But we're going to have a much stronger country when we're finished.

And that's what I'm all about. We have to do things that other people wouldn't do. So we may take a hit, and you know what, ultimately we're going to be much stronger for it.

But it's something we had to do. And ultimately, if you take a look, it's not only trade with China, it's everybody. So we're renegotiating NAFTA. The European Union really blocks us.

They have barriers. We can't sell our products, I mean, to a large extent, into the European Union, and yet they have their cars pouring into us. You know, the Mercedes, and the BMW, they are pouring in. With China, it's interesting. So, if they sell a car it's two and a half percent tax.

If we sell a car to them, it's 25 percent.

Now somehow that doesn't work.

So, you know, so we have to straighten it out, and we will straighten it out. I have a lot of respect for President Xi. We have a very good relationship, and I hope we work it out.

Well, you know I did the Gridiron dinner a few weeks ago, and that was really terrific. We had a lot of fun, and it was good. But I sort of feel that the press is so bad, it's so fake.

It's so made up. I mean, sources say -- and they have no sources -- they're like novelists. I call them novelists. They make up the sources. Now, in some cases, there are sources, but then they won't do it correctly either. But, in many cases, they literally make up sources. You know, nine sources within the White House have said... there are no nine sources.

So, I just think that I want to get it straightened out with the press before I do it. So it's probably pretty unlikely, I won't do it. I didn't do it last year. I had a rally instead.

Yeah, right. And the dinner was a massive failure.

Yeah. It's one of those things. So I probably won't do it.

Go ahead. It's opening day in New York. The weather is lousy, it's still going. But you've got tickets box seats to both the Mets and the Yankees. Where does Donald Trump end up? In the Bronx our in Queens?

Well, you're going to get me a lot of trouble, but I think both teams, because, you know, I know... I know even the players, OK, in a lot of cases because, you know, I'm a baseball fan, and I'm... I like both teams. Randy is so great. The Wilpons... they're really good people. So don't put me in that position.

I will say this. Both of them are exciting.

They have some... they have some pretty good... and the Yankees what they did with Stanton, that's going to be... I think it's going to be a great... you know, that's one that almost, you know, famous last words, that's a player that almost can't fail. But I guess, you know, people have said that about players before...

...only to have a bust. But I think he's going to be great. And, you get, you really do. You're going to have two exciting teams, and I want to do. I hate to be political. See, in the old days, I wouldn't have answered that way. But look, I really like the Wilpons a lot. And Randy Levine and the Steinbrenners. These are phenomenal people, and, so I'll take a pass but I really enjoyed both teams a lot.

Well, congratulations really. And I really liked what he said Bernard, he wasn't so much of a fan, and now he's a fan. That makes me feel good, right?

It must have taken you a while. Hey, listen, congratulations. That's big stuff fellas.

A show like that is big, and do well, and God bless you both. Thank you very much.