Hello, Bob.

How are you? How are you doing? Okay?

Oh, that's okay. That's okay. I don't mind that at all.

Well, I just spoke with Kellyanne and she asked me if I got a call. I never got a call. I never got a message. Who did you ask about speaking to me?

They don't tell me.

Well, it's too bad. Of course, you and I had a conversation a couple of years ago, and so that I think got you there a little bit. And we had a conversation many years ago, if you remember, in Trump Tower.

That has to be 20 years ago. And you were thinking about doing a book about me then, which is interesting. Who knew it would've been on this subject? Right? That was not in the cards at that time.

I still remember that.

All right. Good.

Right.

It's really too bad, because nobody told me about it, and I would've loved to have spoken to you. You know I'm very open to you. I think you've always been fair. We'll see what happens. But all I can say is the country is doing very well. We're doing better economically just about than at any time.

We're doing better on unemployment maybe than ever. You know, I mean, if you look at the unemployment numbers, you've heard me say it. And we're doing better on unemployment than just about ever. We're having a lot of -- a lot of companies are moving back into our country, which would've been unheard of two years ago.

If the other administration or representatives of it had kept going, had kept -- you know, if the other group had won, I will tell you, that you would have, I think you'd have a GDP of less than zero. I think we would've been going in the wrong direction. Because regulations are such a big part of what we've done, Bob.

Yeah. Yeah.

Right.

Good.

Right. Well, I assume that means it's going to be a negative book. But you know, I'm some -- I'm sort of 50 percent used to that.  That's all right. Some are good and some are bad. Sounds like this is going to be a bad one.

Very well. We...

Well, if you would call Madeleine  in my office ...Did you speak to Madeleine?

Madeleine is the key. She's the secret. Because she's the person...

Well, a lot of them are afraid to come and talk, or -- you know, they are busy. I'm busy. But I don't mind talking to you. I would've spoken to you. I spoke to you 20 years and I spoke to you a year and a half or two years ago.

And I certainly don't mind talking to you, and I wish I could've spoken to you. But nobody called my office. I mean, you went through, I guess, different people...

Who were the senators? No, they never called me about it.

Senator Graham actually mentioned it quickly in one meeting.

That is true. That is true. Well, that -- no, but that is true. Mentioned it quickly, not like, you know, and I would certainly have thought that maybe you would've called the office. But that's okay. I'll speak to Kellyanne.

I am a little surprised that she wouldn't have told me. In fact, she just walked in.  I'm talking to Bob Woodward. He said that he told you.

About speaking to me. But you never told me. Why didn't you tell me?

I would've been very happy to speak to him. All right, so what are you going to do?

So I have another bad book coming out. Big deal.

Hello, Evelyn.

Good.

But are you naming names? Or do you just say sources?

No, but do you name sources? I mean, are you naming the people, or just say, people have said?

I mean, you do know I'm doing a great job for the country. You do know that NATO now is going to pay billions and billions of dollars more, as an example, than anybody thought possible, that other presidents were unable to get more? And it was heading downward

You do know all of the things I've done and things that I'm doing? I'm in the process of making some of the greatest trade deals ever to be made. You do understand that stuff? I mean, I hope.

Well, you know last year, if you see the secretary, Stoltenberg, he said I believe $44 billion just last year, and that was from last year's meeting. And this year it's much more money they've agreed to put up.

So it's a tremendous amount of money. No other president has done it. It was heading down in the opposite direction. So I don't know if you're going to report it that way; probably not. But that's too bad, but that's all right, but you know, one of those things.

Well, other than Lindsey, who did quickly mention it, nobody mentioned it.

Nobody told me about it. Well, let me ask her. Why don't you speak to Kellyanne. Ask her. She never told me about it.

But you never called for me. It would've been nice, Bob, if you called for me, in my office. I mean, I have a secretary. I have two, three secretaries. If you would've called directly -- a lot of people are afraid ...Raj, I hardly have ...I don't speak to Raj.

I do, I do, and Kellyanne went to somebody, but she didn't come to me.

And she should've come to me. She does have access to me. Absolutely. She has direct access, but she didn't come to me. And you know what? That's okay. I'll just end up with another bad book. What can I tell you?

Not really, but he would've been able to do it. But I have an office. You have the office number. I have an office that's directly into my office.

It doesn't matter. Let me tell you what matters: The economy is the best it's been in many, many decades. And it's going to get a lot better. And the country is doing very well. That's what's important.

We're doing a good job.

Yeah, I know.

All right. It's too bad.

I'm just hearing about it. And I heard -- I did hear from Lindsey, but I'm just hearing about it. So we're going to have a very inaccurate book, and that's too bad. But I don't blame you entirely.

Yeah, okay. Well, accurate is that nobody's ever done a better job than I'm doing as president. That I can tell you. So that's ...And that's the way a lot of people feel that know what's going on, and you'll see that over the years. But a lot of people feel that, Bob.

Okay. Thank you very much, Bob. I appreciate it. Bye.