Great.

I don't know if I should do that. That always comes back to haunt. But I think we're doing really well. You've seen my rallies, my speeches I'm selling out stadiums, and the other side can sell 500 seats, a thousand seats. We're filling up these massive arenas all over the -- all over the place.

I've been to many states, and I don't think we've had literally an empty seat. We -- We have just -- there's an electricity going around that I haven't seen since '16, which was the presidential election. And a lot of people --

I feel good about the House. I feel really good about the Senate, but you never know what happens. I mean, we're going to have to see tomorrow. I can see that there is an electricity in the air.

There is something special -- and I'm sure you've seen it. There's something going on. I don't know if it's because of the great economy. I don't know if it's because of the immigration policies that we have, that are very tough, and they don't have that. They have the opp -- they have open borders, which is ridiculous. But there is a great electricity in the air.

Well, you have to fight and you have to do what you do, and maybe it comes together, and maybe it doesn't. But, you know, maybe it's nasty, and maybe it's productive. It could be productive, but I would just say, you have to acclimate. That's what I do. I acclimate, and we'll see how it comes out.

I do say though, that I really think we're going to see some good numbers out of the House. Now the Senate, we're looking very good, but I see some -- I see some surprising numbers out of the House.

Right.

Sure.

No, no I'm not. I'd love to get along, and I think after the election a lot of things can happen. But right now, they're in their mode, and we're in our mode, and you know, if you're criticized, you have to fight back, or you should.

And what is happening is there is an election, sort of a sequence going on, and they're in -- they're just -- they're doing their thing, and we're sort of responding to what they're doing.

I do. I -- I really do. Well, I hope so. It's certainly better for the country. I hope that happens, and we are certainly willing to do that. And I think probably, before anything else, we have to get tomorrow over with.

We have to get the election finished, and we'll see a result, and it'll be either a great result, a medium result, or not such a great result. But I think we're going to have really good numbers.

Right

No I don't. And I -- it's not racism. It's just that people have to come into our country legally, otherwise you don't have a country, and a lot of people say you should talk about the economy, because they ack -- even the other side acknowledges that I've created -- this is the greatest economy in the history of our country.

And the truth is, I do talk about it all the time. But if I mention one word about immigration, it gets brought up a lot by the press because, maybe it's a very exciting topic. You know, when you see the caravan and everything else.

But, no, I think -- I'm focused, very much on the economy. Greatest economy we've ever had. The greatest job numbers we've ever had. These are the best job numbers we've ever had. And, you know, that's a big, big thing, and I do talk about it a lot.

Well, there would be certain things. I'm not sure I want to reveal all of them, but I would say tone. I would like to have a much softer tone. I feel to a certain extent, I have no choice, but maybe I do, and maybe I could have been softer from that standpoint.

But I want to get things done. We've had tremendous victories on trade. We've had tremendous victories on so many different things. On our military, you look at what we've done with rebuilding the military.

But I would say, if there's anything, I think, tone would be, perhaps, something. I'm not sure that if I did that, maybe I'd be swamped, you know, swamped meaning, with the other side, because I wouldn't say their tone's been so nice either. But that would be something I would say, that I'll be working on.

Thank you very much.