Well it's only because I like your show.

I watch you.

They're fine, I just spoke to her. They came back, she got on another plane, I said, I hope this plane's better than the first one but yes, they had a problem.

Yes, they had a problem but she's fine.

Well I don't like it, I like getting the point across, I've heard you say many times that the economy isn't covered properly and it's not. That the economies not covered properly by these so called "mainstream media" and it isn't.

We went up almost 600 points yesterday and they didn't even have it on the major news, you couldn't find it any where and the economy is doing probably better than it's ever done in history and they don't even talk about.

And that's because they have their opinion and they'd like to keep their opinion going the way they have it. They do not treat us fairly and therefore if I do the news, they all want me on the news, so I can talk about it myself.

Probably not, no this is just for the mid terms. We want to win, we want to get the republicans nominated and we want to get them elected. We need republicans, you know they talk about majority, we have a majority of this much, I always say if somebody has a cold, just a minor cold, we no longer have a majority.

So, we need Republicans and we'll have tremendous border security when we do that, we'll continue with the tax cuts because we have other tax cuts planned, we're going to do a lot of cutting of the budget, also by the way, which I know is going to make you happy but we're going to do a lot of cutting.

We are, we're going to cut spending absolutely and we had to...

It's not as tough as you think and frankly there's a lot of fat in there but we had to get the military done last time. You know, President Obama let it go and I could say beyond President Obama, the military was in terrible shape. Now we've got $700 billion approved and we got $716 billion, two years, and our military is rebuilding like it's never been, really never happen before.

We got a raise for the people, they haven't had a raise in 11 years, we got a raise for the great people in the military and you know we're doing a lot of things, a lot of great things.

But now I'm going to also do some cutting of the budget because there's a lot fat, in order to get that $717, $716 billion we had to give up things to the democrats that I hated to give up, that you wouldn't have liked but I had to. But we had to rebuild the military.

Well I think we have a lot of things but you know, very big still we've cut regulations more than any president ever and you can go four years, eight years, it doesn't matter, this tremendous regulations that we can be cutting still and we're doing it.

You know, it used to take 21 years to get a highway built, you know, bad case, but it would take 21 years, we're trying to bring that down to two and maybe even one and by the way, if it's not right, we're not going to approve it but we're not going to take 21 years to find out whether or not we can do it.

It's part of that and it's going to start, infrastructure is going to be starting after the mid terms and we think that's going to be an easy one. But we're going to infrastructure, we're going to have everything, just more of the same. Look what's happened with our country and if you look at China they're down $20 trillion and we're up $11.7 trillion dollars in worth, that's a tremendous number.

I don't think so, I told them they want to make a deal and I said you guy's aren't ready yet, you're just not ready because look, they've been $500 billion a year our of country, it's time that we stopped, OK? We've rebuilt China, you know that better than anybody, you talk about it more than I do I think and it stopped and you see what's happening with China, it's a whole different ball game.

So, now they're paying 25 percent tariffs on $250 billion hasn't affected our economy, has it, cost's haven't gone up, inflation still low, very low, hasn't had an impact that we see except for one, billions of dollars are pouring into the treasury.

Well, I hope we're going to be on the better side of the equation, you know we need Saudi Arabia in terms of our fight against all of the terrorism, everything that's happening in Iran and other places but Iran's been the leader.

Iran has been set back very big when I knocked out the Iran deal, you know it's a different country than it was. When I first came in, if you look through it and you take a look, oh a day before I came in, Iran was taking over the Middle East, they were going to take over everything, from Syria to Yeman to this -- now they're way pulling back, they're having riots in the street, they are a mess as a country and that had to do with the day that I pulled that horrible $150 billion deal we gave them -- the Iran deal, the Iran nuclear deal. We pulled it.

They're going to come back and negotiate because they're really -- I'm not going to say they have no choice, but they're going to come back and negotiate. And if they don't, that's fine, too.

No, I don't want to do that.

I don't want to do that.

I do not want to do that, and frankly they have a tremendous order -- $110 billion. Every country in the world wanted a piece of that order. We got all of it. And what are we going to do? Again, I've had some senators come up and some congressmen that said, "well, you know, sir, I think what we should do is we should not take that order."

I said, "who are we hurting? It's 500,000 jobs. It'll be ultimately $110 billion. It's the biggest order in the history of our country from an outside military." And I said, "we're going to turn that down? Why would we do that?"

So hopefully it's working out. We'll find out. We'll get down to the bottom of it. I hope that the King and the Crown Prince didn't know about it. That's the big factor in my eyes, and I hope they haven't.

Mike Pompeo just left. He went to Turkey as you know. He's coming back late tonight. I'm seeing him either tonight or tomorrow, and we'll find out.

No, and I don't think I'd be talking to you if I did that. That's a way of getting out the message. Look, we have fake news. Everyone's fake. You look at what's -- and I'm not saying you and some of the people on Fox.

Not all of them, but some of them, but there's so much misinformation being put out. That's my only form of communicating really other than having a press conference every hour. If I do a press conference every hour.

Now, we're communicating very well. The polls are going through the roof. I think the Republicans are going to do well in the midterms, and I'm doing a lot of work on this. But to be honest with you I get such phony news. Everything's a fake.

Even yesterday I gave an interview to AP and the headline was totally different from everything I said. The headline was just terrible. Headline -- everything else was perfect. You know, the quotes were all perfect and they've been criticized for it. You know, where did they come up with that headline?

So if I gave that up -- it's social media. I don't call it tweeting. I call it social media. It goes on your show. Every time I do something you say, "we have breaking news. We have breaking news," whatever it may be, but I really believe if I didn't do that, Stuart, number one I probably wouldn't even be here talking to you.

I do like it. It's a form of getting out the truth.

Well, I enjoy them.

What's funny, sometimes I get a really nasty person with a horrible, stupid question from like CNN because they're just so horrible and so fake. But, you know, I get this horrible question from some reporter at CNN. Then I'll hit the reporter back just modestly hard, and the next thing, "President hits reporters, terrible, freedom of the press."

I say what do I -- they hit me so viciously, I give them a little jab and the story is Trump hits reporter. So, you know, it's pretty unfair stuff, but again you get out there whether I do it this way or whether I do it through social media, but we're definitely getting the word out. We have the greatest economy in the history of our country, and it's not being reported.

The -- you go to NBC -- which is terrible, terrible new organization -- but you go to NBC, CBS, ABC, I mean, CNN we don't even talk about, but you go to these things. Take a look. I think the other day is was 94 percent, and that's of good stories. In other words, they take a good story and make it bad to neutral.

Well, that's what they say --

But that's why I do what I do because I can sort of go over that.

I have no choice.

Do I have choice? May I ask you?

You enjoy what you do, too.

That's why you do it well.

Thank you, thank you. And enjoy the White House.

We love having you.

Thank you very much.