You see the crowd outside? Pretty good?

Yeah, I did. I -- there were like 30,000 people who can't get in.

I think a little bit, but you know, we're getting very good poll numbers on my presidency, so that just came out today, very good poll numbers. But it's really the people that are running, especially when you look at Congress and you see, you know, all of those different races. Many of the people we don't know, many of the Democrats we don't know.

But I'm seeing we're doing very well, and our numbers have really shot up a lot over the last two or three weeks, and I think the Republicans are going to do very, very well.

Right.

Because he's really worked with me for tax cuts, for regulation cuts, for all of the many things we've got in the military. We have given our military, our soldiers, our great people giving them $700 billion. We're rebuilding our military, and 716 billion for the following year, and Ted was right there with me. He was there with me for the vets.

And you know, with Ted and I, we get along great. Then we had to go to war for a little while, and after the war was over, we got along great. It was just one of us things, but he's a great guy and he loves Texas.

Well, we're going to get very -- very tough on the border. Look, we thought that Honduras and El Salvador, all these countries, you know we pay them a fortune every year. We give them a lot of money. They don't do anything. And it's a shame that they allowed all of these people to flow out. Now, we'll find out whether or not Mexico's going to help.

They have been helping, but now you see, they're coming up through Mexico, and it's a lot of people. It's 7,000 people now, and that seems to be getting bigger, because Mexicans are now getting into the group. You've been following it. We have a very strong border. We're going to have a very strong border.

We're building the wall, we're built -- we should be able to build it faster, but we the Democrats are doing everything they can to obstruct and not give us the money to do the wall, even though we've started a very big chunk of it. We have the funding for the first part of it. But I will say this: we could change the immigration laws in this country, which are the worst anywhere in the world, probably in the history of the world.

They are the worst laws, the worst everything, and we could solve problems like this. But the Democrats won't approve it. I do think this is a lot of pressure on them now to get something approved. Let's see what happens.

Well, we're going to have to see. But we're going to have a lot of people there. We're going to have military. We're going to bring out our military, not just the reserves. We're going to bring out the military, and we're going to see what happens.

It is, and we just made a great new trade deal with Mexico and with Canada, the USMCA. Great trade deal. NAFTA was a disaster. This is a great deal. But, you know what? I view the borders, and I view the security of our country more important than even trade.

Right.

Well, we got rid of the individual mandate. Pre-existing conditions were incredibly for it. You know, the individual mandate, which was Obamacare, a big part of it, the most unpopular part, where you pay for the privilege of not having to pay to have bad health care. We terminated that. We were able to get that done in Congress.

And the pre-existing conditions, and all the other things, we're with 100 percent. And we have a lot of plans passed, and we're taking the remnants of Obamacare, and working very hard, so the premiums don't go up like they were under him -- you know that used to go up 215 percent, 230 percent. Now the raises of the premiums are very small by comparison.

We've managed it well. But we're working very strongly on health care. We have a lot of plans, association plan just came out, and we have a lot of great plans where it's a lot less money, and they're very good.

Well, I think frankly we've added a lot of spice to it. When I say we, maybe it's I, and others perhaps. But I think, you know, they see that I'm coming here. We're having record numbers of people all over the state, from what they're telling me, and that's a good thing and I think, if that happens, I think it should be to Ted's advantage.

Well, maybe some against, but mostly for. I mean, I won the state of Texas by a lot. I love the people of Texas. It's the same, you know, thought process. I believe in strong borders. I believe in law enforcement. You know, I mean I believe the things that the people of Texas believe. O'Rourke is a super liberal.

You're talking about crime, and so many other things. It's almost like he doesn't care about it. So I think Ted Cruz is going to do really well.