Hi, Bob. How are you? Good. Good. Thank you. Thank you so much for calling. I really appreciate it. Absolutely. Absolutely. What's going on?

Oh, sure. Go ahead.

Well, China and others, because we --

We've been -- we've been taken advantage of by many countries all over the world, not China. The EU has been a disaster for the United States. Mexico and Canada have been, you know, very, very hard on the United States. NAFTA was one of the worst trade deals ever made.

No, I'm just saying but it's not just China. It's others also. But that's OK, I understand. Go ahead, Bob.

It's been such a terrible one-way street with China having -- with a deficit of at a minimum $375 billion a year, and it's for a long time. But we have literally helped rebuild China with the kind of money that we lose on trade, and I just decided about a year ago that I just won't do that. I respect President Xi. As you probably hear, I have a very good relationship with him.

I spoke to him a week ago. We're going to be meeting. We'll see if something can happen.

It all began with the World Trade Organization, a disaster. A disaster. I would actually say that was perhaps -- I say NAFTA was the worst trade deal ever made. I would say only -- only -- challenged by the WTO. That has been -- if you look at China, China's ascension was the day that the WTO was signed.

It's a one-sided deal. They were treated as a -- you know, as a growing country, as a -- what would you say? How would you say that?

Developing. A developing nation. And no -- and it's never come off. They still -- it's ridiculous. The World Trade Organization is absolutely unfair to the United States, and they're going to have to change their ways. They're going to have to change.

But that's when China ascended. That's when China -- you can look at -- they were -- they were flatlining for many years, and then they went like a rocket ship up the day they signed the World Trade --

I think it would be highly unlikely.

Why shouldn't they -- why shouldn't China rip off the United States if we have people allowing that to happen? And whether it was President Obama or preceding presidents, they all allowed it to happen. You know, we don't even have a deal with -- I don't know if you know. We really don't have a deal with China.

They do whatever they want.

No. No, no, no. What I say is they did whatever they wanted and people let them do that. As opposed --

As opposed to stop it.

So but what I'm saying is that I am very happy with what's going on right now. We've only used a small portion of what we have to use because I have another $267 billion to go if I want, and then I'm also able to raise interest rates. And we have money that is pouring right now, pouring --

I'm sorry, the rate, the 25 percent rate --

Without even doing any more.

We have money that is pouring into our treasury right now, and on January 1 it'll become much more so. And here's the story: If we don't make a deal, then I'm going to put the $200 -- and it's really $67 -- billion additional on at an interest rate between 10 and 25 depending.

Maybe. Maybe. Depends on what the rate is. I mean, I can make it 10 percent and people could stand that very easily. But if you read that recent poll that came out, we're only being -- most of this is being -- the brunt of it is being paid by China. You saw that.

On the tariffs.

Look, I happen to be a tariff person.

I happen to be a tariff person because I'm a smart person, OK? We have been ripped off so badly by people coming in and stealing our wealth. The steel industry has been rebuilt in a period of a year because of what I've done. We have a vibrant steel industry again, and soon it'll be very vibrant. You know, they're building plants all over the country because I put steel -- because I put tariffs, 25 percent tariffs, on dumping steel.

Well, what I'd advise is for them to build factories in the United States and to make the product here. And they have a lot of other alternatives. But if you look, there's been no increase in inflation despite the tariffs, so all of these little -- all of the things you heard about, Bob, are -- have turned out to be false.

We're -- we're taking in billions of dollars. We're creating tremendous numbers of jobs. Like in the steel industry, we were -- we were almost out of the business and now we have -- you know, thousands of jobs are being created. And we're going to have our own steel industry, which is a very important industry.

You don't want to be -- you know, you don't want to be buying your steel from China, let me put it that way. But --

Make a fair deal. The only deal that would really be acceptable to me -- other than obviously we have to do something on the theft of intellectual property, right -- but the only deal would be China has to open up their country to competition from the United States. As far as other countries are concerned, that's up to them.

I'm interested in the United States. They have to open up China to the United States. Otherwise, I don't see a deal being made. And if it's not made, we will be taking in billions and billions of dollars.

And what will happen, Bob, is a lot of the things we buy from China we're going to make in this country.

Go ahead, Bob.

She always interrupts me in the middle of something.

I do. I just can't do it enough.

Yeah. I think GM ought to stop making cars in China and make them here. And I think it was a big mistake for GM to do that. I think they forgot where they came from.

Well, it's one plant in Ohio. But I love Ohio. And I told them: You're playing around with the wrong person. And Ohio wasn't properly represented by their Democrat senator, Senator Brown, because he didn't get the point across. But we will all together get the point across to General Motors . And they better damn well open up a new plant there very quickly.

You know, they haven't closed -- they're reallocating it, it's called. And I said, because their Cruze car isn't selling, OK? They make a car called Chevy Cruze. And it's not selling well. So I said: Then put a car that is selling well in there but get it open fast.

I spoke with Mary Barra, the head of General Motors last night. I said: I heard you're closing your plant. It's not going to be closed for long, I hope, Mary, because if it is you've got a problem.

She just sort of said we're trying to get something -- you know, it's being reallocated. You understand that, right?

So she told me: The car's not selling. I said, so maybe you got to make a better car.

And that has nothing to do with tariffs, you know. That has nothing --

You know, a lot of times people like to blame tariffs when they're doing badly. So they're doing badly. And they say, oh, let's blame tariffs, you know, because they don't know what they're doing. So they're doing badly. And they'll say: Let's blame tariffs. Why not?

So, anyway. No, it had nothing to do with tariffs.

Go ahead.

Well, let's see what happens with Jay Powell. So far, I can tell you -- I said it the other day, and I'll say it again: I think the Fed right now is a much bigger problem than China. I think it's -- I think it's incorrect what they're doing. I don't like what they're doing. I don't like the $50 billion. I don't like what they're doing in terms of interest rates.

And they're not being accommodative at all. And I'm doing trade deals, and they're great trade deals, but the Fed is not helping. Whereas, China, you know, they have automatic accommodation. And even the EU, which we're going after now, you know, for a fair deal -- because that's been almost as bad as China, just smaller.

I mean, the only difference between the EU and China is size. They treat us very badly. They don't take our farm products. They don't take our cars. They don't take anything. And yet, we give them a lot. They're up $151 billion on the United States every year for years. And the EU was set up in order to hurt the United States on trade.

Maybe. Look, he knows where I stand. He's going to come -- you know, he came to see me. He didn't care until I said I was going to tax his cars. And then the next day he was there at about 7:00 in the morning.

If they don't make a fair deal with us, I'd do it in about 12 minutes.

It depends whether or not they make a fair deal. So far they're -- you know, we talk about it. So far they're talking about a deal, but it's all talk. And I'm not going to make the kind of deal that the U.K. made, believe me.

Huh?

A fair deal is that they have to take down their barriers and that they have to start -- stop charging us massive taxes for our people -- and also their standards. For instance, they'll create a standard -- we'll make a product, and they'll make a standard that's different than the product, lower or higher.

But it's different. So then our product can't come into the EU. They do that all the time, like with medical equipment, OK? But they have to take down their barriers and they have to take off the taxes. And, frankly, they have to start treating our companies better, because they sue all of our companies for billions and billions of dollars.

They're picking up all this money from our companies. We should be the ones to sue our companies. All right, Bob?

Bob, here's the bottom -- here's the bottom line: We're going to make a great deal with China. And everybody hopefully will be very happy, including China. But we're going to make a deal with China that's going to be representative of the United States the way it used to be.

A long -- that was a long time ago. Longer than you would remember.

Good.

Oh, yeah. Sure. Midland Parkway.

That's exactly true. That's good. Is she around? Still around?

Well, I know the name very well. And very friendly. That's good. Now I know I'm going to get a good story. Otherwise, I'm going to complain to -- I'll complain to her.

No, we're going to do -- we're going to do a good job for our country, Bob. That's what I'm here for, OK?

Thanks, Bob. Say hello.