Thank you very much, Sean.

Well, first of all, he said there was no collusion whatsoever. I guess he said he said as strongly as you can say it. They have no information on Trump. It was an interesting statement, too.

You know, many years ago, when I was there, it was '13, quite a long time ago, he said there were many, many business people there. In all fairness, I was a very successful businessman but I was one of a lot of people.

Now, I have to say, I've turned that around, where businesses now are starting to come back in because they know that I'm going to get something very substantial having to do with tax cuts. But businesses now -- you see the car companies, what's happening, they're expanding, they're coming into the country. You see Foxconn, that makes the Apple iPhone --

He said it's nonsense, that's right. He also says there is absolutely no collusion, which you know, and everybody that watches your show knows, and I think most of the country knows, and Tucker standing over there definitely knows, because he gets it. He's one of the people that get it.

But I'll tell you that I thought it was a really amazing time -- not about that. I think it's a shame, we are talking about nuclear proliferation. We're talking about Syria and humanitarian aid, we're talking about all these different things, and we get questions on the witch hunt.

And I don't think the people out in the country buy it. But the reporters like to give it a shot. I thought that President Putin was very, very strong.

Right.

We had a very long meeting and it was a good meeting. We discussed so many different things, including nuclear, including war and peace, including economic, Syria, Ukraine, we discussed many, many things.

And at the end of a long period of time, I mean, it was really a long -- it was just the two of us, and interpreters. And at the end of this meeting, I think we really came to a lot of good conclusions, a really good conclusion for Israel. Something very strong.

He is a believer in Israel. He's a fan of Bibi. And really helping him a lot and will help him a lot, which is good for all of us.

Right. Well, in Syria, we are getting very close. I think it's becoming a humanitarian situation, and a lot of people are going to move back to Syria from Turkey and from Jordan and from different places, they're going to move back, less so from Europe. But they will be moving back from lots of different places.

So I really think we are not far apart on Syria. I do think that on Iran, he probably would have liked to keep the deal in place because that's good for Russia. You know, they do business with -- it's good for a lot of the countries that do business with Iran, but it's not good for this country and it's ultimately not good for the world.

And if you look at what is happening, Iran is falling apart, they have riots in all their cities. The inflation is rampant and going through the roof, and not that you want to hurt anybody, but that regime, we will let the people know that we are behind them 100 percent. But they are having big protests all over the country, probably as big as they have ever had before. And that all happens since I terminated that deal. So, we'll see.

Well, it was. I think it would be a great thing if we could do it. You have some people saying, oh, you have to do -- you know, get involved with Russia, but if we could stop killing all over the place, or terrorism, we discussed radical Islamic terror at great length, because they have the problem, too.

We discussed ISIS and, as you know, we've pretty much eradicated ISIS in the Middle East. And we've done a very strong job, he acknowledged that. But we discussed ISIS and the threat of ISIS, and basically the threat of terrorism.

Right.

Well, I think we're at the very beginning, they are very important issues.

To me, the most important issue is the nuclear issue, because I know President Obama said that global warming is our biggest problem, and I would say that nuclear warming is our biggest problem by the factor of about 5 million. The nuclear problem, we have to make sure, we have to be very careful.

And, you know, if you look at Russia and the United States, that's 90 percent of the nuclear weapons. And we have to do something and working on other countries. And he also said he wants to be very helpful with North Korea.

We are doing well with North Korea. We have time. There is no rush. You know, it's been going on for many years, but we are doing very well. As you know, we got our hostages back. There's been no testing. There's been no nuclear explosion, which we would have known about immediately.

There's been no rockets going over Japan. No missiles going over Japan. And that's now been nine months, and the relationship is very good. You saw the nice letter he wrote.

And so, I think a lot of good things are happening, but President Putin is very much into making that all happen.

Yes.

She's paying Russia billions of dollars. Now that's her choice. I mean, she is going to do it, but it's a little tough when you are in NATO and you do that.

I will say that I was amazed at the media because honestly, I was there for a day and a half, and it started right when I got there, and I was very respectful. But I told people, it's unfair. The United States could be paying for 91 percent, OK? Could be. So, the minimum is 70 percent, but it's probably 91.

So, we are paying for 91 percent of the cost of keeping Europe safe. On top of that, the European Union takes total advantage of us with tariffs and with trade barriers. But they kill us on trade. We lost $151 billion last year. So they beat us on trade, and we defend them for essentially nothing.

And I said, it's not going to be that way anymore. You've got to pay up. You've got to pay up. You got to pay more --

He gave me all of the credit.

Last year, they raised $44 billion more only because -- more, additional. And he said it was only because of President Trump. So, I figured I'd wake up the next day and read these wonderful stories, and by the way, I got along great --

I actually thought finally, I'm going to have a great story. OK? Foreign relations, I'm going to have a great story.

And instead of saying that I raise $44 billion, not million, $44 billion last year for NATO, I raised -- it could be over $100 billion this year and into the future. They said that I treated the heads of other nations rough. And I didn't. I actually have great relationships with them.

I said that. I said if I got Moscow as part of a deal, they'd say, here's Moscow, please pardon us, the soccer ball was really very nice. I have to say. It was very nice.

You know, they did a great job in running that. But it is true. You know, I said, if I got Moscow, they would want St. Petersburg with it.

So the media was very unfair. I never thought -- this was when I said, this is foolproof. I raised $44 billion and the secretary general said he raised $44 billion and it's only President Trump, because I said, otherwise, we are going to have to start thinking about our relationship to NATO.

I also said this. NATO is wonderful but it helps Europe a lot more than it helps us and yet we are paying for 90 percent of it. So, I was amazed that most of most of the media -- you didn't and some others didn't -- but most of the media said that I was tough, very tough, and nasty to foreign leaders.

And I really wasn't at all. But I did say, you have to pay up.

Well, when I say enemy of the people, I'm not talking about all of the media. I'm talking about there is a big percentage of the media, when you look at CNN, how false their reports are. When you look at NBC and some of the others, when you read "The New York Times," it's just a story after story after story that's just a negative spin.

And we are doing great things. We have the greatest economy in the history of our country. We have the best unemployment numbers in the history of our country, the best African-American unemployment numbers in history, Hispanic in history, women's numbers in history --

Fourteen states, I didn't know that.

Surprise that's only 14 actually. That's a disappointing number.

First time.

First time.

Well, he thought that Hillary Clinton was going to win, he didn't want to do anything to disturb it, and you know, frankly, when I won, he said this is the biggest deal. But before I won, he said this is nothing, and it can't happen.

It's a very dishonest deal. And you know, you have to find out who did Peter Strzok report to? Because it was Comey and it was McCabe, but it was also probably Obama.

If you think that Obama didn't know what was going on, when you watch -- and I said it today, with President Putin, when you watch Peter Strzok's performance, the lover of Lisa Page, when you watch that performance, the FBI, I tell you, I know so many people in the FBI. These are incredible people.

What they have -- what they are going through, watching this guy, a total phony. I mean, how about we'll stop him? Or something to that affect.

Yes. Well --

And then --

And he said originally, I guess it was the two of them. No. Then he said the next say, I meant the American people. And even the Democrats say that doesn't work --

I heard that she did much better than he did, and took a lot of hard shots, but at least she was honest about it. He is a disgrace to our country, he's a disgrace to the great FBI. A disgrace. And how he is still being paid is beyond belief.

I was fascinated by it. So they have a treaty where they work together with the United States, because everyone says we don't have an extradition treaty, but they have a treaty where they were together, and his prosecutors were prosecuted, and he said that Robert Mueller's people could go with them, but they probably won't.

The 13 angry Democrats do you think they want to go, I don't think so.

It's very sad what's happening to our country because of this. We have never done better in so many ways, including economically. But when you see this thing going on, and I will tell you, it's driven a wedge between us and Russia. Maybe we've just knock down that wedge but it has driven a wedge.

And President Putin said that, one of the early things that he said when we started, he said it's really a shame because we could do so much good, whether it's humanitarian aid throughout the Middle East whether it's not just Syria, so many different things.

The safety of nuclear power, which is ultimately, there is nothing bigger and nothing more important. And they drove a phony wedge, just a phony witch hunt. A rigged deal. With guys like Peter Strzok and Comey and McCabe.

The whole group. And you can imagine who else. It's a real, it's a real shame.

That's right.

He knew exactly about it because he's been saying it. It makes him angry when he sees it. And you know, it's very interesting, you look at what's happening, and you look at the whole thing. He understood it and he was -- I don't know if you could see, he was incensed even talking about it.

But he is willing to take those 12 people, there is no extradition. But he is willing to let Robert Mueller's people go over there and bring a big investigation of those people working together with the Russian investigators.

Well, I think we're doing very well with Russia as of today. I thought we're doing horribly before today. Really, I mean horribly, dangerously.

I think it was great today, but I think it was really bad five hours ago. I think we really had a potential problem. I think with two nuclear nations. Ninety percent of the nuclear power in the world between these two nations, and we've had a phony witch hunt deal drive us apart.

I think, well, it's the thing that he told me. When he went in he said what a shame. He felt it was very hard for me to make a deal because of, you know, all of this nonsense and much of the case.

You have to understand, you take a look, you look at all these people, I mean, some were hackers, some of them. Then again, you know, these are 14 people and they have 12 people. These aren't 12 people involve in the campaign. Then you have many other people. Some told a lie.

You look at Flynn, it's a shame. But the FBI didn't think he was lying. With Paul Manafort, who clearly is a nice man. You look at what's going on with him. It's like Al Capone.

The case that I guess is very real.

It's just a sad thing. It's a very sad thing for our country to say this.

Thank you so much. Thank you very much. I appreciate it.