I think something's happening. Something's changing and it'll change back again. I don't think it's a hoax, I think there's probably a difference. But I don't know that it's manmade.

I will say this. I don't wanna give trillions and trillions of dollars. I don't wanna lose millions and millions of jobs. I don't wanna be put at a disadvantage.

And you don't know whether or not that would have happened with or without man. You don't know.

No, we have --

We have scientists that disagree with that.

Well -- I'm not denying.

I'm not denying climate change. But it could very well go back. You know, we're talkin' about over a millions --

-- of years. They say that we had hurricanes that were far worse than what we just had with Michael.

People say. People say that in the --

You'd have to show me the scientists because they have a very big political agenda, Lesley.

Look, scientists also have a political agenda.

Yes. Yes.

Nobody knows yet, but we'll probably be able to find out. It's being investigated. It's being looked at very, very strongly. And we would be very upset and angry if that were the case. As of this moment, they deny it. And den -- deny it vehemently. Could it be them? Yes.

They deny it. They deny it every way you can imagine. In the not-too-distant future, I think we'll know an answer.

Well, it depends on what the sanction is. I'll give ya an example. They are ordering military equipment. Everybody in the world wanted that order. Russia wanted it, China wanted it, we wanted it. We got it.

I tell you what I don't wanna do. Boeing, Lockheed, Raytheon, all these com -- I don't wanna hurt jobs. I don't wanna lose an order like that. There are other ways of -- punishing, to use a word that's a pretty harsh word, but it's true.

Well, there's a lot at stake. There's a lot at stake. And maybe especially so because this man was a reporter. There's something -- you'll be surprised to hear me say that. There's something really terrible and disgusting about that, if that were the case. So we're gonna have to see. We're going to get to the bottom of it and there will be severe punishment.

Right.

And South Korea.

There has been no administration in the history of our country, and I say this openly and proudly, that in its first two years --

Well, it's not even that, it's a fact Tax cuts, regulation cuts, the biggest regulations cuts in history.

Well, I consider it a, so far, great achievement. Look, we --

It's always so far, til everything's done. I -- I -- you know, deals are deals, okay? Whether it's a real estate deal or a retail deal, it doesn't matter. But I will say this. The day before I came in, we were going to war with North Korea. I sat with President Obama --

-- and -- we were gonna -- I think it was going to end up in war. And my impression is -- and even in my first few months, I mean, that rhetoric was as tough as it could possibly get. Doesn't get any tougher than that. Nobody's ever heard rhetoric that tough. We were going to war with North Korea. Now, you don't hear that. You don't hear any talk of it. And he doesn't wanna go to war, and we don't wanna go to war, and he understands denuclearization and he's agreed to it. And you see that, he's agreed to it. No missiles.

I do trust him, yeah, I trust him. That doesn't mean I can't be proven wrong --

about it?

Well, first of all, if I didn't trust him, I wouldn't say that to you. Wouldn't I be foolish to tell you right here, on 60 Minutes --

Sure. I know. It's -- it's very true. But the fact is, I do trust him. But we'll see what happens.

They want to --

And I will tell you that they're closing up sites.

Setting it up.

Well, nobody really knows. I mean, people are saying that. I've actually said that.

We don't really know, Lesley. We really don't know. But I assume --

Let's say the answer is yes, okay? In the meantime, they haven't tested a missile. They haven't tested a rocket. They definitely haven't done a nuclear test because you know about them real fast. It sort of moves the earth. And we have a relationship now.

We haven't done that.

No, No. I --

No I'm not doing it. This isn't the Obama administration. I haven't eased the sanctions. I haven't done anything. I haven't done anything. We're meeting. I believe he likes me. I like him. We have a good relationship. It's very important.

And then we fell in love, okay. No really. He wrote me beautiful letters. And they're great letters. We fell in love.

Sure. I know all these things. I mean -- I'm not a baby. I know these things.

Look, look. I -- I -- I like -- I get along with him, okay?

Okay. That's just a figure of speech.

It well, let it be an embrace. Let it be whatever it is to get the job done.

Look. Let it be whatever it is. I get along with him really well. I have a good energy with him. I have a good chemistry with him. Look at the horrible threats that were made. No more threats. No more threats.

I get along with him. It's very important. China, let's go.

$250 billion.

Might. Might.

They wanna negotiate, Lesley. They wanna negotiate.

Look.

I have a great chemistry also with President Xi of China. I don't know that that's necessarily going to continue. I told President Xi we cannot continue to have China take $500 billion a year out of the United States in the form of trade and others things.

And I said we can't do that, and we're not gonna do that anymore.

Okay. Okay. So, so far, that hasn't turned out to be the case.

-- if you think about it, so far, I put 25% tariffs on steel dumping, and aluminum dumping 10%.

-- again.

They can retaliate, but they can't -- they don't have enough ammunition to retaliate. We do $100 billion with them. They do $531 billion with us.

No no, although they're down 32 percent in four months, which is 1929.

I don't want that. No, I don't want that. I want them to negotiate a fair deal with us. I want them to open their markets like our -- our markets are open.

And it will be a fair deal --

You call it war, I don't call --

-- it --

I called it a skirmish.

I called it, actually I called it a battle. But, actually, I'm gonna lower that. I consider it a skirmish. And we're gonna win.

I mean, what's an ally? We have wonderful relationships with a lot of people. But nobody treats us much worse than the European Union. The European Union was formed in order to take advantage of us on trade, and that's what they've done.

And yet, they -- it's not hostile.

You know what's hostile? The way they treat us. We're not hostile.

We've been -- we've been --

-- the stupid country for so many years.

Now, I like NATO, NATO's fine. But you know what? We shouldn't be paying almost the entire cost of NATO to protect Europe. And then on top of that, they take advantage of us on trade. They're not going to do it anymore. They understand that.

You don't know that. You don't know that.

You don't know that.

No, it's not true.

Frankly, I like General Mattis. I think I know more about it than he does. And I know more about it from the standpoint of fairness, that I can tell you.

I know -- and, Lesley, you don't have to try again. I know exactly what you're saying --

The answer is this. I will always be there with NATO, but they have to pay their way. I'm fully in favor of NATO, but I don't wanna be taken advantage of.

Yeah.

Okay, you ready?

I have been -- you don't know what I talked about with Putin in the meeting prior to the press conference --

Excuse me.

I didn't? I'm the one that gave Ukraine offensive weapons and tank killers. Obama didn't. You know what he sent? He sent pillows and blankets. I'm the one -- and he's the one that gave away a part of Ukraine where Russia now has this --

I think I'm very tough with him personally. I had a meeting with him. The two of us. It was a very tough meeting and it was a very good meeting.

Probably he is, yeah. Probably. I mean, I don't --

But I rely on them, it's not in our country.

Of course they shouldn't do it-

That's your  --

They -- they meddled. But I think China meddled too.

And I think other countries --

And you wanna know something?

Well, let me ask you --

Because I think China meddled also. And I think, frankly, China --

-- is a bigger problem.

I'm not doing anything.

I'm saying Russia, but I'm also saying China.

Well, we'll see what happens come midterms. But --

I was disappointed that he recused himself and many people think I was right on that. I was very disappointed. Why should he have recused himself? So I was very --

-- disappointed but --

-- we'll see what happens.

No. No. You can't assume that.

Well, I -- I don't pledge anything. But I will tell you, I have no intention of doing that. I think it's a very unfair investigation because there was no collusion of any kind.

There is no collusion. I don't wanna pledge. Why should I pledge to you? If I pledge, I'll pledge. I don't have to pledge to you. But I have-

I have no intention of doing that.

Do you really think I'd call Russia to help me with an election? Give me a break. They wouldn't be able to help me at all. Call Russia. It's so ridiculous.

We are a country torn by angry, bitter partisan divisions. And there are many who say the president isn't helping. We talked with the president about that, the contentious Kavanaugh hearings, questions of chaos in his administration. And his record so far.

So when I won the presidency, I th -- I -- I -- the press treats me terribly. I thought very strongly that, you know, the one great thing will happen is the press will start treating me great. Lesley, they treat me worse. They got worse instead of better. Very dishonest.

I regret that the press treats me so badly --

And despite that, my poll numbers are very good, so.

Everybody makes mistakes.

I could have been -- earlier with terminating the NAFTA deal. The problem was, I was getting to know the leaders. I was getting to know countries. I didn't wanna do it right outta the box. So I waited a little while, but I could have done trade a little bit earlier.

Yeah. Well, that was --

the same as the Obama law. You know, Obama had the same thing.

No, but then everybody decided and the courts don't want separation. And frankly, when you don't do separa -- when you allow the parents to stay together, okay, when you allow that, then what happens is people are gonna pour into our country.

Well, we're looking at a lot of things. Really what we wanna do is change the immigration laws, 'cause they were -- they were a laughing stock all over the world.

No, I want all the laws changed.

there have to be consequences, Lesley, for coming into our country illegally. And part of the r -- I mean, part of the reason, I have to blame myself, the economy is so strong that everybody wants to come into the United States.

Go ahead.

I will --

I will only -- I can't -- you can't say yes or no. What I can say is this: There are consequences from coming into a country, namely our country, illegally.

You don't have to.

But it's the same as Obama.

It is vicious, it's full of lies, deceit and deception.

Okay. So I always used to say the toughest people are Manhattan real estate guys and blah, blah. Now I say they're babies.

They're babies, the political people. This is the most deceptive, vicious world. It is vicious, it's full of lies, deceit and deception. You make a deal with somebody and it's like making a deal with -- that table.

Well, I don't wanna give you an example. I'm not lookin' to -- in the meantime, nobody's been able to do what I've been able to do. Remember that. When you look at taxes, you look at regulations, you look at -- making deals with other countries. Nobody's been able to do anything like this.

Actually, most people didn't even try because they knew they didn't have the ability to do it. But it's a very deceptive world. The other thing I've really learned is I never knew how dishonest the media was. I -- I -- and I really mean it. I'm not saying that as a sound bite. I never --

Knew how dishonest --

Well, no, even the way you asked me a question, like, about separation. When I say Obama did it, you don't wanna talk about it.

When I say I did it, let's make a big deal of it.

I'm just telling you that you treated me much differently on the subject.

Hey, it's okay --

Lesley, it's okay. In the meantime, I'm president -- and you're not.

Yeah -- I think that --

-- what's going to happen -- I think the economy's bringing people together. It was very polarized under President Obama, unbelievably polarized under President Obama. I can see the country uniting. I can see it. We have people, Democrats, who behaved horribly during the Judge Kavanaugh -- you -- know what I'm saying.

-- during the hearings for the Supreme Court, we had senators that behaved horribly.

I won --

Well, I bashed their attitude. I bashed their statements --

Because they were --

-- so unfair to Judge Kavanaugh. I've never --

seen anything like it.

I don't think they want to heal yet, I'll be honest.

I think --

I -- I -- I saw Hillary Clinton made a really nasty statement. I don't think they wanna be healed. I do wanna heal.

The famous Mississippi speech?

I had one beer. Well, you think it was, nope! It was one beer. Oh good. How did you get home? I don't remember. How did you get there? I don't remember. Where is the place? I don't remember. How many years ago was it? I don't know. I don't know... I don't know...

Had I not made that speech, we would not have won. I was just saying she didn't seem to know anything.

And you're trying to destroy a life of a man who has been extraordinary.

I didn't really make fun of her.

What I said the person that we're talking about didn't know the year, the time, the place.

Ok, fine.

They can do what they -- I -- I will tell you this. The way now Justice Kavanaugh was treated has become a big factor in the midterms. Have you seen what's gone on with the polls?

Well, I think she was treated with great respect, I'll -- I'll --

be honest with you.

There are those that think she shouldn't have --

I think so, yeah. I did.

W -- you know what? I'm not gonna get into it because we won. It doesn't matter. We won.

Whoever it is. Maybe it was "The New York Times" too.

No, no, it's -- By the way, you don't know how dishonest "The New York Times" is. It could've been "The New York Times." I doubt it. But it could've been.

It also could've been any -- w -- well, don't count on it. It also could've been any one of 3,000 people.

It's -- wrong, it's so false. It's fake news. I'm changing things around. And I'm entitled to. I have people now on standby that will be phenomenal. They'll come into the administration, they'll be phenomenal.

Yeah, other people will go, sure.

I think I have a great Cabinet. There're some people that I'm not happy with.

No, I don't wanna say that but

Not I don't want to say that. But I have some people that I'm not thrilled with. And I have other people that I'm beyond thrilled with.

Well, I don't know. He hasn't told me that. I have --

-- a very good relationship with him. It could be that he is. I think he's sort of a Democrat, if you wanna know the truth. But General Mattis is a good guy. We get along very well. He may leave. I mean, at some point, everybody leaves. Everybody. People leave. That's Washington.

I feel the same way. I don't trust everybody in the White House, I'll be honest with you.

I'm usually --

Not so much a wire. I'm usually guarded. And I think I'm guarded anyway. But I'm not saying I trust everybody in the White House. I'm not a baby. It's a tough business. This is a r -- this is a vicious place. Washington DC is a vicious, vicious place. The attacks, the -- the bad mouthing, the speaking behind your back. -- but -- you know, and in my way, I feel very comfortable here.

I think so. I mean, I felt comfortable at the beginning, other than it was a little surreal to say I'm the president of the United States, but I think that's true with everybody.

Now I very much feel like POTUS. I do. I feel like the president. You know, for a little while, it's like -- "Mr. President, sir." It's -- even my friends, they call me, they -- they don't call me Donald -- they call me Mr. President. And I say, "Will you please loosen up?" I've learned on the job. I have.

I feel very comfortable, yeah.