Thank you. Thank you very much.

No, I just think they're fantastic people. They're going to be great congressmen. They are, in one case, and they're going to be great congressman, and for the long term we need the vote. And they're very popular, and we just want to make sure everything works out well, and we have a tremendous crowd. But these are two great people and we need them.

Well, I'm going to be looking at that, because I know he has very strong positions on things, and I don't know exactly what his particular -- everyone's a little bit different, but we're going to be looking at his positions. But I can tell you, he's a very popular guy in the area. They really like him a lot.

Well, they might take 'em up. We're going to have to let the Justices decide. They will be deciding. We just have a brand new great, one as you know. First of all we have Judge Gorsuch, who is fantastic and Justice Kavanaugh now, so they're going to make that decision. They will be making those decisions.

Sure.

Well, I'll tell you what I'm doing. I'm -- I want people to stand for the national anthem, to stand for our flag. I think most people agree with me. I think that's been pretty well proven. I want them to stand for our great country. I want 'em to stand for the flag, and stand for our national anthem, and if somebody disagrees with that, that's fine. That's what we're all about. We're about freedom of expression, and let them have that expression. But for me, they have to stand.

Well, that's up to them. You know, they can do whatever they want. But I want people standing. If it was up to me, I'm have them standing, and I would have made that ruling as commissioner. In fact, I like the commissioner. He just thanked me. We did a big favor for the NFL, with respect to Canada, which you probably heard, in their advertising, they're having a tremendous problem. But it was up to me, and if I were the commissioner, I'd make them stand.

Well, you take a look at what's outside. We have tremendous fans. We have tremendous rallies. In Houston, we just had a 109,000 people accept, and we were in the Rockets arena, 22,000 people, 51,000 people outside. I better not change too much.

Well, then I guess Bernie Sanders would have to take responsibility, and the Democrats would have to take responsibility when people do horrible things, and they happen to be Democrats. It's very simple. But they would have to take responsibility. We have tremendous people. We have a fan base, and a base period, that's just been incredible, and we're very proud of it. And we think this is horrible, what took place.

But that happens, and recently as you know, Steve Scalise, Congressman, was shot by somebody that really liked, I guess, Bernie Sanders in that case, and the Democrats, and people don't bring that up. But I bring it up.

I didn't hear that. I heard they wanted it very badly in Charlotte. I'm -- you know, I have a job right next to Lake Norman. I love the whole area. I love the area, the place. I've actually spoken to this -- in the facility quite a few times. It's a great -- it's a great arena. It's going to be a fantastic thing. It's going to bring hundreds of millions of dollars to the state, or at least something close to that. You saw the numbers, they were pretty amazing.

Your mayor was fantastic. Your mayor really wanted it badly -- who is a Democrat -- and the people want it. So, we're really happy. We think it's a -- it's a tremendous state. I won the state of North Carolina. We've done a great job with respect to the hurricane. We've gotten A+ marks on the hurricane, and we're continuing to work. It was a bad one, but we're continuing to work, and we look forward to being here.