Well, we're here really for Josh, who's just fantastic and a real star and a great person. And he's got our views and opinions on our heart. And he has the heart of the people, and you see the kind of crowd we have. I guess there's a lot like 20,000 people outside -- have you seen what's going on outside?

I like that. She corrects me in the right way.

No, I looked outside, I can't believe it.

That's great.

That is so nice.

In fact, we're looking at that specific company right now for an exemption. We are actually looking at that, and I'd like you to talk to me about that later, but specifically because there are some countries that got caught up.

What we're doing with tariffs is a fantastic thing. Your steel companies are coming back, your aluminum companies are coming back, the jobs -- everything else. It's incredible. Actually, what's happened to the steel industry in the United States is the talk all over the world, and we need the steel industry.

That's not like some other industry that is not necessarily important. Steel is steel. You need for defense, military, everything else. And our steel industry is coming back, where we are tariffing, you know, if you really take, we're taxing the dumping -- they were dumping massive amounts -- China and other countries -- massive amounts of steel all over the place, putting everybody out of work.

Our steel companies are just coming back it's a beautiful thing to see. And you're seeing it even here.

Okay

Well, we have some people in that position, but ultimately I'd rather make the air conditioners here, make the parts here, have it be a little more expensive, but also have the jobs. Otherwise we'll have the job. So the unit may be a little bit more expensive, but we're going to make the unit here instead of having it made in China like we used to do with the old-fashioned days, when the country made a lot of money. Not like it has been over the last years.

So between that and also trade deals. We're renegotiating these horrible trade deals. NAFTA was a disaster. You got hit hard by NAFTA.

Everybody did. And we've just made a deal with Mexico, which is a wonderful deal -- it's good for Mexico too. It has to be good for both. But what we were doing with NAFA was a disaster.

Millions of jobs, thousands of companies leaving, and so we're doing a lot, just a lot. We're doing a lot. And as you know GDP is up to 4.2. Nobody thought that was possible.

They thought maybe in eight years but not in a year and a half, and I think going to see it go higher even. And I think you could even see it go much higher. We have tremendous potential, but we're starting to make our own product again. But I would rather, in the case that you just brought, I'd rather make it here, let it cost a little bit more, but have jobs.

So much better.

Don't forget, when we start giving the exemptions, that means we'll never make that product here. When you don't give the exemption, then they say, oh wow, now you're forced to make the product here. You understand. Once I say, okay you have an exemption, now you're not going to make the product here, because there's no reason to, because you can order it over from China or someplace.

So it's a very fine edge, but I am giving exemptions for certain companies that really need them, and we are looking at that one company.

100 percent, and we're making it so it's very -- very much more affordable. And what we've actually done, we've really taken Obamacare apart. We are keeping preexisting conditions. Many, many people are keeping -- you know -- of the ones I am keeping and Josh is keeping preexisting conditions.

We think it's important. But what we're doing, we got rid of the individual mandate in Obamacare, and we're coming up with some incredible plans, and we're taking care of everybody much better. Also, the remnants of Obamacare with keeping the cost down -- remember Obamacare used to go up 116% 125%, through a lot of good talented work we're keeping it way, way down. So I don't know if Obama is going to get the credit. I think we should get the credit, but frankly we're keeping the increases way down -- the premiums. So, we're doing a lot in a fairly short period of time, we're going to have something very special.

It's such a great question, and I literally -- it sounds like a pretty basic question. I don't think I've been asked that question for a long time, so I love it. Make America Great Again. That's what I'm doing.

Make America Great Again. Those questions were so great about manufacturing, and about this and that exemptions. We're going to make America great again, it's already happening, and we're making America great by putting America first. We have been ripped off by every country in the world. Enemies, allies, that didn't matter.

European Union has been brutal to us. You think of the European Union, so nice. Mexico Canada -- Canada is brutal to us. You know Canada has 300% tariffs on dairy products.

I'm all about a lot of things. Making America great again. With that being said, I think we've done very well on foreign policy. If you remember, before I came in, it looked like we're going to be war with North Korea and now we're getting along very nicely and it's moving along -- a beautiful process.

I do talk to him.

Well, I get along -- honestly, I just know, get along with him really well. It started off a little bit of the rough side, you would say, but I get along with him, and that's good for us.

I mean, we don't need wars. And so I think our foreign policy is really good, but for me, it's Make America Great again.

Yeah, and the word is complacent because it would be the only reason. Look, we have the greatest economy that we've ever had. And honestly, if you want to keep it, you can't have the Democrats get in, and you have to vote for Josh Hawley, you have to vote for, really, Republicans. Otherwise, it's not going to happen.

It's going to go bad. We're up 55 percent since my election, fifty-five, on average. I mean, some companies are through the roof. Jobs are, you know, records for everybody African-Americans, Hispanics, Asians, everybody.

If you want to blow it, then be complacent. If you want to blow it, vote for a Democrat, and you'll see those numbers go way, way down. Your wealth will go way down. So, I really think we're going to do very well. I hope so.