I'm very good.

I'm not that tired. I'm excited, because we had an incredible day today in Ohio --

-- we had an incredible time in Indiana. And now we're with you.

You know, but I feel very guilty about interrupting Judge Jeanine.  I don't like doing that.

Right.

Nah, it's ridiculous. It is. Frankly, if their agenda kept going forward, meaning if the other side had won, we would have been down 4.2, or six or seven -- we were going down. It was very bad when I took it over. And if we didn't open it up and cut regulations, the whole Obama thing would have collapsed it. It would have been a disaster.

Yeah.

Well, I want to build it one time, and you need it, and you see it. But now we have the -- the incredible military forces out there, and they're putting up barbed wire fences. We have a barbed wire wall, and you see that, what they're doing. Highest level, and we are making it very strong.

We're making it very -- you know, the whole thing, in terms of the military plus, the back wall, plus the barbed wire, plus we have a lot of digging going on, a lot of trenching, and people aren't going to come into our country without going through the legal process. You can't do that. Otherwise, you have no country.

The whole plan of the Democrats, I got 700 billion, 700 billion for the military. The next year I got 716. We've totally rebuilt our military. But they fight like you've never seen to make sure we don't build a wall. And I've got 1.6 billion, another 1.6 billion and the third 1.6 billion. I'm building it in nice large pieces.

But I'd like to build it all at one time. Their whole plan is to try and make sure that we don't build the wall. That's their whole thing. The number is peanuts compared to what we did with a military. That was very important.

Yeah. Yeah.

Sean, we lose -- we lose a hundred billion dollars a year on illegal immigration. We lose that in one year. If you spent the money to build the wall, it's just a tiny fraction of one year. We're going to build it, but that's not -- we are very strong now, and we have the worst laws anywhere in the country.

Catch and release, visa lottery, all of these laws are a disaster. We have the worst laws. We've got to get them changed. The Democrats won't give us any votes. We need Democratic votes. You can't -- we don't have enough Republicans, or unless we elect a lot of Republicans tomorrow.

But I will say that we're doing really well on illegal immigration, considering we have the worst laws you've ever seen. We're moving thousands of MS-13 out of the country. They're being put into jails, and being sent out of the country, and frankly, in a lot of ways, I like out of the country more, because putting them into jail -- let them solve it. But we've moved thousands of MS-13 gang members. We moved them out of the country.

Yeah.

I think Martha is great. She is a hero. She flies -- she's one of the best fighter pilots. I mean, she was really good. I spoke to some of the people that went with her, and were with her, and they said she was tremendous as a pilot. I don't know how she could possibly lose the other one with -- that she's just terrible.

And you talk about border walls, the other one doesn't want any border walls, she doesn't want any protection. Nothing. But I think Martha's going to do well, and I think North Dakota is going to do well. Florida is a very, very close race and it's inconceivable, because, Bill Nelson --

No, we -- we did great. But Bill Nelson is a terrible senator. He never called me.

He never called me. He's never once -- he's never once called me saying can I have something for the people of Florida? Never once. Two years, almost two years, whereas, I must say, Rick Scott. That's all he does is call.

He wants things. Look at the great job he did with the hurricanes. I mean, he did a fantastic job. Lake Okeechobee, they had a big problem.

He's taking care of Lake Okeechobee. But Bill Nelson, the current senator, never calls. So hopefully, for the good of the people of Florida, and also, I have to say, Ron DeSantis has this has to be governor. You can't let --

-- a man, ran Tallahassee into the ground. Highest murder rate they've ever. Corrupt, crime ridden. It's -- you can't let him be the governor of Florida. That would be a disaster. Ron DeSantis -- Harvard, Yale, good guy, hard worker I think he's going to be a great governor. But it's a very close race.

Unless we win. In which case, they'll go away.

They'll go back to Russia.

There is something going on though, Sean. I leave Ohio, thousands and thousands of people can't get into this massive arena. I just left Indiana, thousands and thousands of people outside can't get -- there's something going on, there's an electricity that feels like 2016.

True. It's packed.

Well, I'm just --

Well, I'm just honored, because no matter where I go, it's the same way. It's not like just in Ohio, or just in Indiana, or just right here in Missouri. I'm so honored by it. There's something going on, and it reminds me of two years ago, when I knew something was going on, and you knew it, by the way --

-- and people that were with us knew it. They would looking at each other. I remember, I'll never forget, two, sort of anti-reporters were looking at each other as I was making this speech, with 32,000 people. They were going well. Look, that was a great time, and I think this is going to be a great time.

That's right. I lost them -- I lost them based on the fake news.

But about two hours later when they counted the actual votes, we went very easily.

Oh yeah, great guy.

Right, right. Right.

Thank you very much, Sean.

Well, we did. We did.

We did, and I think, it's going to be an interesting day --

I did -- No, I saw it on the plane. Actually, I saw it on the plane.

I never miss your opening monologue.

I would never do that.

Thank you.

Thank you very much. Appreciate it.

Hi Laura.

She is really a -- you're doing -- you are doing some job. We're very proud of her.

Well, I love what we're doing for the country. I love what we're doing for the people. It's turned around. We're rebuilding our military. Our vets now have Veterans Choice, which they've never had. 44 years they were trying to get it. We're just doing a good job, and we have the strongest economy we've ever had in the history of our country, and you know that.

Well, I think success will do that. I think we have to get over this election, see how it comes out. It will be an interesting time, but I think -- and I really think we have to do that first. I think success is going to do -- we're having the most successful time financially, economically that we've ever had. I think that's going to bring a lot of people together. It's going to start.

Thank you. Thank you very much.