A little excitement.

Are we on already?

Wow, wow. That's good.

We had a very exciting trip over here, I have to say.

I was good. It was good. How are you?

I think he's great. How about that play? The first play of the game.

He's a great guy. Courageous.

Courageous.

Like you.

I was mugged by the media.

Very nice people.

Very bad.

Well, no. It was Comey having to do -- talking about Comey, not my FBI. It was Comey. The people in the FBI are incredible. I would bet if you took a poll in the FBI, I would win that poll by more than anybody's ever won a poll. But the top people were horrible.

You look at what happened: They were plotting against my election. Probably has never happened like that in terms of intelligence, in terms of anything else. But they were actually plotting against my election.

I'm actually proud, because I beat the Clinton dynasty...

...I beat Bush dynasty, and now I guess hopefully I'm in the process of beating very dishonest intelligence. Because what they did was incredible and a real insult to millions of people that voted in that election on both sides.

Well, the end result was wrong. I mean, there was total bias. I mean, when you look at Peter Strzok and what he said about me, when you look at Comey all his moves.

So I guess -- you know it's interesting it was a pretty good report, and then I say that the I.G. blew it at the very end with that statement, because when you read the report it was almost like Comey. He goes point after point about how guilty Hillary is and then he said, "But we're not going to do anything about it." The report -- the I.G. report was a horror show. I thought that one sentence of conclusion was ridiculous.

Yeah, they said they will stop me. While in the meantime the economy hit an all-time high this morning. Never been better. Jobless rate the lowest -- the best in 44 years, just came out. We're going to have some incredible things.

We're just announcing very big tariffs today on China because China has been -- look he's my friend, President Xi. He's a great man. He's a wonderful guy. But at some point we have to straighten it out. We lost $500 billion in trade deficits last year. We can't do that.

It's being announced right now as I speak.

Maybe you have the first announcement. You may...

You might beat the Wall Street Journal, all right. You just beat the Wall Street Journal by a lot. Well, we're just going to do $50 billion on $50 billion of high-technology equipment and other things coming into the country, because so much of our secrets -- you know, we have the great brain power in Silicon Valley, and China and others steal those secrets.

And we're going protect those secrets. Those are crown jewels for this country. And, you know, you read so much about China, you read so much about other countries, we have the great brainpower right in this country, I'm proud to say. And you're certainly a member of that group.

No, the trade war was started many years ago by them and the United States lost. There's no trade war...

Well, no. There is no trade war. They've taken so much. So last year $375 billion in trade deficit. We had a 300 -- with China. We had overall over $800 billion over a period of years -- each year close to $800 billion in losses on trade. Not going to happen anymore. It's not going to happen. Can't happen.

I was.

Oh, it ended well. For the United States, it ended well.

No, no.

We need protection. Everybody's taking advantage of us. The European Union made $151 billion on us last year. The -- if you look at -- I told you about China. You look at Japan, you look at South Korea, you look at so many -- and we help these countries militarily on top of everything else.

I mean, you know, at what point does it stop? And when I left China, it was absolutely a fantastic meeting. We left, we hugged, we kissed. Everybody was leaving, and then I get onto Air Force One and the prime minister up there, Trudeau, didn't think, I guess, that we have any televisions on Air Force One. But they have, I think, 21 televisions or some ridiculous number...

Well, you have to understand, we're hugging, we're saying goodbye, everybody's happy. I made changes to the agreement because I wanted it to be much better for the United States. I made changes. We're all happy. And then he got up and started saying that he doesn't want to be pushed around by the United States. Well, they charge us almost 300 percent on dairy products.

So, we can't do that.

Yeah. They all called me to wish me happy birthday yesterday.

It was very...

I took it very well.

No, they all called. I mean, I have great friendships. The new prime minister of Italy is great. Got to meet him. Very -- very strong on immigration...

...like I am, by the way. It seems that strong on immigration wins now.

But the Democrats, by the way, are very weak on immigration. If you notice when I came over, they were all saying about separating the families and that's a Democrat bill. That's Democrats wanting to do that, and they could solve it very easily by getting together. But they think it's a good election point. I think it's a horrible election point for them.

They got to change the law.

But that's the law. And that's what the Democrats gave us. And we're willing to change it today if they want to get in and negotiate, but the just don't want to negotiate. They're afraid of -- they're afraid of security for our country. They're afraid of a wall.

Although I must tell you, most people now really -- they want the wall, they want to stop the drugs, they want to stop a lot of people from coming in that shouldn't be here, like MS-13.

Yeah.

I'm looking at both of them. I certainly wouldn't sign the more moderate one.

I -- I need a bill that gives this country tremendous border security. I have to have that. We have to get rid of catch-and-release.

We have to have the wall. If we don't have the wall, there's no bill. We have to have catch-and-release. We catch a criminal, a real criminal, a rough tough criminal, we take his name and then we release him. And we say, "Please show up to court in a couple of months." You know what the chances of getting him to court are? Like zero. OK. It's crazy. Then we have the lottery program, right? It's called lotter-visery.

Yes, well, the lottery visa.

OK, whatever. They have fifty names. Still -- everyone of them has lottery. Do you know what lottery is? That's when you pick names to come into the country. Well, when a country gives names, they're not giving us their finest. So we're picking people, it's not good. We have to end that.

We have to end a couple of them and we are going to be so secure as a country. Now, with all of that being said, we're doing a great job. ICE -- we're getting MS-13 out by the thousands. But we shouldn't have to be going into towns in Long Island and other places and getting them out. You know, it's almost like we're liberating towns. It's incredible.

Look, we have 13 angry Democrats. There are -- I call them 13 angry Democrats, and others worked for Obama for eight years. I mean, they have no Republicans, you have no -- it's a very unfair situation. But the I.G. report totally exonerates -- I mean, if you look at the results and if you look at the head investigator is saying, "We have to stop Trump from becoming president," well, Trump became president and we have the best economy today we've ever had.

We have much greater border security than we ever would have had.

And when we do it -- when we have the laws changed, it'll be like perfecto.

A lot of people say that. Look...

They're getting people who say something a little bit off. "Is it a nice day?" "Well, you know, no, it's not a great day." "Oops, you lied." He goes -- you know, got problems.

People are afraid of that. And I would like to talk, but it seems to be very biased.

Vicious.

Vicious. I have the greatest supporters in the world. By the way, they're the smartest. They're the hardest working. They pay taxes. They're incredible. They're loyal. I have the bikers. I have the -- the construction workers.

I have them all. I have -- by the way, I have the FBI. You go into the FBI and take a poll of the real FBI, not the scum on top, not Comey and that group of people that are total thieves...

Well, I don't know how Peter Strzok is still working there, to be honest with you, OK.

That's even worse.

I know. But do you know what I've done? And you know this. I've told you this. I'm so involved. Great new secretary of state.

Just -- I have a fantastic relationship now with North Korea. You know, there were missiles being thrown about.

People aren't thinking about it anymore. I said on the Department of Justice, I would stay uninvolved. Now, I may get involved at some point if it gets worse. I say I'm staying uninvolved. I'm letting this report go through. I did nothing wrong. There was no collusion. There was no obstruction. There was no one...

I tried to stay involved. I may not stay involved, again -- uninvolved. Because they have to get the documents. Look, I think everybody...

I think that Road -- Rog...

...Rosenstein thinks that you have to get the documents. I really believe that. I saw him yesterday. He gave me a briefing. It think that he believes you have to get the documents.

Well, he wasn't thrilled about it. I mean, you know, you can't be if you're in there now. But it really was talking about the past. It's not talking about us. It's talking about before us. And it's talking about the election.

What they did during the election was a disgrace. It's probably never happened in our country before. And that's just the tip of the iceberg. What's going to happen when we go further? And there was total bias. I mean, total bias.

Well, look, I would never want to get involved in that. Certainly he -- they just seem like very criminal acts to me. What he did was criminal. What he did was a terrible thing to people. What he did was so bad in terms of our Constitution, in terms of the well-being of our country.

What he did was horrible. Should he be locked up? Let somebody make a determination. Look at all the dishonest things that crooked Hillary did. Look at -- look at what -- what's gone on. It's very sad.

He had a private e-mail. That was -- of all the things, that wasn't to me maybe the most interesting, but it was probably the funniest.

That was a little bit of a surprise, I have to say.

Well, if you look at what happened -- and don't forget all of these people like Strzok, what he did was criminal, Strzok and so many others. McCabe is now...

Oh, they all work for Comey. And Comey knew everything that was going on. You think McCabe didn't tell him everything? McCabe told him everything, and McCabe is up for criminal right now. And most people...

And he's now suing. And it's a total mess. They're all going against each other. No, I -- I think Comey was the ringleader of this whole, you know, den of thieves. It was a den of thieves.

I think so. I think so.

I do believe so. I think its happening. It's happening slowly, but it's happening. I think Christopher Wray's a -- very different from Comey. Which is what you need, you need different. You need, like, the opposite. And he's moving step by step.

And you're going to see a whole new, very proud FBI. I think that the Justice Department will end up being great. It's all going to happen. It's all going to work out. But I tried to stay as much uninvolved as I can.

Right.

We got along very well. We had a good chemistry. I don't know if that's supposed to be popular or politically correct to say. But we really did. We had good chemistry. You haven't had any rockets shot up in the air for seven months. You haven't had any research. They just blew up their test site. They're blowing up their engine test site for ballistic missiles. He's giving us back our great heroes who died, as you know.

We're getting their remains back. And I've had so many people, so many parents, so many fathers and daughters and sons asking me, "Please, please."

This is during the campaign and after. I say, I don't have exactly a good relationship. Anyway, during the meeting -- and we really did hit it off. During the -- you know, good chemistry.

Yes. I mean, that's what it is. I take heat. But what am supposed to do, walk out and say "terrible"? I mean, I -- I got along with him very well. We have good chemistry. I asked him, "The remains; I'd like to get them."

He said, "Yes, we will do that." They are already starting to produce the remains of these great young soldiers who were left in North Korea.

We're getting the remains, and nobody thought that was possible.

Oh, absolutely. It's in the agreement: It says he will denuclearize.

You know, it's funny -- it's funny when you see the fake news, because -- and you guys aren't fake. But I signed an agreement where we get everything. Everything. But they say "Trump lost because he agreed to meet. Trump agreed to meet."

No, it's a funny thing. You got to watch CNN. I mean, what -- what a fraud it is. They go, "Trump is..."

That's fine. Do you hear me? "Trump agreed to meet." I say I agreed to meet. Of course you got to agree to meet. If you don't agree to meet, you know what you're going to have? You're going to have nuclear war, that's what you're going to have. I have a great relationship. He gave us back our hostages. I didn't pay $1.8 billion. I paid nothing.

But it was very smart that he did it. He gave us back our hostages. He's giving us back the remains of probably 7,500 soldiers.

Yeah. There's a tremendous number of soldiers. Tremendous number of MIAs, you know, folks that just never -- they've never been found.

And they -- and by the way, they know where many of these bodies are.

It's great. Mike Pompeo is just leaving there. He was in South Korea.

We're getting along great with South Korea. We're getting along great with China. Probably until this morning, because we just did a tariff in China. But that's OK, because I have a wonderful relationship with President Xi. We'll all work it out. He understands it's unfair.

They can't believe they got away with it for so long, Steve.

They can't believe it. I mean, they got away with it for 25 years. I'm not just blaming Obama. I'm blaming many presidents and leaders.

It should have never happened.

When we can be sure there will be no more nuclear.

Very close. We're very close to getting it started. He wants to do it. He wants to do something great with his country. He wants to make his country great.

Once we know...

Once we know that it can't happen.

And I'm telling you right now, with the relationship I have, it's not going to happen. Hey, you haven't had a rocket test in seven months.

I was with Prime Minister Abe, another good friend of mine from Japan. I said, "When's the last time you had a rocket flying over Japan?" He said, "It has not happened." I said, "It won't happen. Don't worry about."

It could happen. I mean, yeah, I would have him.

Yeah. I think it's something that could happen. Yeah. Hey, he's the head of a country. And I mean he is the strong head. Don't let anyone think anything different.

He speaks and his people sit up at attention. I want my people to do the same.

Yeah, that's what I hear.

I think he fired at least, OK, when you say he fired.

I think maybe fired at least. "Fired" may be a nice word. That's right, I met a general. He saluted me, I saluted him back. And I guess their using that as another sound bite. I mean, you know, I think I'm being respectful to the general. We are -- we have a very good relationship with North Korea.

When I was talking to President Obama, he essentially was ready to go to war with North Korea. He felt you had to almost go to war. And I did ask him: "Have you spoken to him?" He goes, "No." I said, "Do you think it would be a good thing to speak to him maybe?"

OK. Because if you go to war there, you're not talking about 100,000 lives, which is a lot.

You're talking about 30, 40, 50 million lives.

Seoul is 30 miles off the border. They don't even need nuclear weapons to take out Seoul. They have thousands of cannons -- they call them cannons; they have big guns -- thousands pointed right at Seoul. We have a really great relationship for the first time ever. No president's ever had this.

So I get hit by these fakes back here. Not all of them. Some are phenomenal. But I get hit, because I went there, I gave him credibility. I think it's great to give him credibility. Here's what we got: everything, point after point after point.

We're having a lot of fun, right? So supposing Hillary got elected instead of Trump, do you think it would be so exciting? Your ratings would be way down. Number one show in the morning, folks.

Actually also beyond cable news you're doing pretty well.

I like ratings.

I study ratings, broadcasting.

No. I haven't heard. You know, they were all saying, "Oh, it has nothing to do with the flag. It's the way we've been treated," and in the meantime they're making $15 million a year. Look, I'm all for the athletes. I think it's great. I love athletics. I love sports. But they shouldn't get the politics involved.

When you're in a stadium and they broadcast that national anthem, you got to stand, and you got to be proud, and you got to have your hand up, and you got to do everything that's right. And then go out and play really tough football.

And once you leave that stadium, go and do whatever you want to do. Run for office, or do whatever. But I did say, you know, I have this tremendous power of pardon. And Kim Kardashian came in, and the woman 22 years in jail

Oh, I did. I don't know her, and I met her and she was really nice, I have to say, and very capable. But she came in and she said, "This is a very unfair situation." I looked at her and I agreed. Twenty -- she's in there for 22 years, she's got another 20 years to serve, and you have drug dealers that are doing big stuff and they get a two-month sentence, OK. You know, it was just unfair. And I thought it was a beautiful scene when that woman left prison and ran over to -- it looked like her grandkids, it was a couple of big strong guys.

Big strong guys, some wonderful women. They were all hugging and kissing and everyone's crying. To me that was a beautiful scene. Well, she thanked me but, you know, thanked Kim, because I wouldn't have known about it.

And I told the NFL players, I mean, indirectly -- I said, "You have somebody that's aggrieved" -- because they're saying people are aggrieved, OK. "Let me know about it. I'll look at it. If they're aggrieved, I will pardon them, I'll get them out."

I don't think I've from one. Now, maybe they've called the staff, but I have not personally heard from one.

Because I don't know if it's a real issue. I don't think it's a real issue.

Oh, she did? I didn't know that.

I don't think so. You know, look at a certain point everyone, sort of, leaves. You have to leave. I'm, sort of, just standing -- I'm like a ship, just keep going, bing, bing. But Sarah loves this job and she's announced -- not with me, I read that same report. Somebody put it out, I think it was CBS -- when she said it's a false report.

But it's fake news. But at some point I'm sure she'll leave, like everybody leaves and we'll get somebody else. But Sarah's done a fantastic job. No, I don't think she's leaving.

In fact, she was very insulted that they came out and said that.

So I don't think she's leaving.

Well, I think the press -- I think the press treats Sarah very unfairly. That White House correspondent...

Well, I gave a press conference in Singapore that was like an hour and a half, and that was like the biggest press group I've ever seen. And I answered every single question. I'd answer anybody's question. I guess that's not supposed to be my job. I'm here with you today, you're giving me a lot of...

...lot of interesting questions. But -- but, Steve, I think Sarah is really a good person and a nice person, very capable. She's got a lot of the father's genes, because her father is great.

Don't forget he got up there on that debate stage and he said, "Nobody's going to beat Trump." And I even decided to -- he was running. And I even decided to wear a Trump tie. And I said, "I love that guy." I loved him, OK. Mike, is a very talented guy and Sarah's a very talented person.

But they treat her very badly. What they did Sarah at the White House Correspondents -- now, the only difference I would have done, I would have walked out. I thought she should have walked out instead of sitting there. But, you know...

She took a very high road. Sometimes...

...you don't take such a high road.

By the way, he is great. I love Stewart.

No, I love him. And he's right. He knows what he's talking about.

Well, they're predicting -- you know, the Atlanta Fed predicted 4.8 percent. I think, you know, that's a lot. Don't forget, then I got elected, I took this thing over, it was 1.2 and each point is $3 trillion and 10 million jobs. You know, a point -- people will say at home, "Oh, it's a point, what difference does it make?" Well, it was 1.2 and it was going down.

You probably saw this morning I put out, they would have raised your taxes instead of cut your taxes, and they were going to put on more regulations. The last thing we need is regulations. I actually think my regulation cutting had more of an impact on the economy than the tax cuts.

Right.

Right. 22, it turned out. 22. And -- and by the way, you need regulation. I want the cleanest water in the world, I want the cleanest air in the world, I want that air to be so perfect. And our air now is better than it was two years ago, with all of the talk and the nonsense.

Clean -- crystal clean water, clean air. But I also want our companies to be competitive so they can go around the world and compete. And we were shutting down companies over the environment and they weren't doing anything wrong. And that's jobs.

Only rules that don't mean anything or rules that are duplicative. You know, rules where you have...

Well, not only that, I mean, some of them you have nine different times you have to get the same thing approved by different agencies.

To build a highway in this country takes 19 years of approvals. I have it down to two years. And you'll get rejected if it's wrong, if it's environmentally bad.

But I have it down to two years. I want to get it down to one year. And that's indicative of everything else, too. A company comes in from China, from Japan they want to spend a tremendous amount of money on building a plant or something, right? It takes them seven years to get a permit, and they don't do it because it's too long.

I have it down to one year and even faster. Now, if they're wrong, we know immediately.

You know, you don't have to wait seven years. How about going through the process seven years and getting rejected? How about a highway that spends 19 years getting approved and then in the last vote they get a three-to-two vote no?

That happens oftentimes and they spend hundreds of millions of dollars on the approval. Not going to happen anymore.

Yeah, yeah. Drudge is great, by the way. Matt Drudge is a great gentleman who -- who really -- I don't know, he's got an ability to capture the stories that people want to see. But that was the number one story on Drudge. Forty-four year low unemployment, and -- and I saw that in very big letters actually...

...and I said "That makes me very proud."

We may. And -- and it started because a reporter shouted to me, "Should Putin be in the G-7?" I said, "No, he should be in the G-8." It used to be the G-8 a few years ago, and I think President Obama didn't like him or -- even though they gave advance notice about the election to Obama...

...people forget about that. You know, Obama was told by the CIA or somebody, FBI, about Russia. He didn't do anything about it. How come he never gets blamed?

In September, just before the election, my election, he should have done it, because maybe I would have won by more.

That's right.

I got a lot of good kisses. I got a lot of phone calls from people that I would never have gotten phone calls from. I got phone calls from...

From my beautiful wife...

...who's really doing great, she's doing great. But -- and my kids.

Yeah?

One month. Well, the doctor said, "Don't fly for a month," but she'll be able to very shortly.

Oh, she's in great shape. She's like perfect.

She -- somebody said, "Did she have a face lift?" No. "Did she have this? Did she have that?" I mean, the speculation, even after the doctors gave a full -- and these are White House doctors. They give -- you know, they give really straight stuff. But no, she's doing fantastically well.

Well, I just want to have a successful country. I'll be honest, I -- this is so intensive. We've done more -- I don't say this in a bragging way, actually some of the haters actually say this. We've done more in 500 days -- so now it's 510 days -- than any 500-day president first term by far.

And that's what I want to do. I want to really -- you know, I got elected to make America great again. Very simple: Make America great again. That's what we're doing. And we are respected around the world. You take a look at Iran, they're not talking about Iran taking over the Middle East. I took that crazy deal that Obama gave them away. Iran is not looking to the Mediterranean anymore. You know, they had to go through a lot of territory to get there.

They're looking to survive. But I will tell you, some day soon they're going to come back and they're going to want to negotiate a deal and we'll make a deal. But they were nasty. They were very, very nasty, and it had to be stopped. I took away the deal, and I think they've been treating America with much more respect.

And I have to say that you don't see the little boats circling our boats anymore; do you notice that? Remember with Obama, you had this beautiful destroyer, you had this Annapolis captain on the boat, and he's sitting there, and you could see he's like a boiler waiting to explode, because he was giving orders. And they were circling us with those boats, right? And he wanted to shoot the hell out of them...

He wanted to -- they were harassing our -- our guys. And he wanted to shoot the hell out of them.

And you don't see that stuff anymore. By the way, when they captured our 10 sailors and made them get on their knees, you're not going to see that anymore.

Work. I'm going to work. I'm going to actually be calling North Korea. I'm going to be calling...

I just had -- right now I have a call from your friend from France, Emmanuel.

I'm going to tell him, "You have to treat us better on trade." European Union's not treating us well on trade. I love trade. You know, trades always been my thing. Even 20 years ago when I'd be talking to you, trade was always my thing. It's probably -- I'm getting a lot of credit for what we're doing foreign, but I -- I think my best thing is going to be trade.

We have to straighten out our trade. You know, we're doing well despite our bad trade deals. After we do our trade deals, what 'til you see the numbers.

Secret Service is thrilled... ...as I -- as I stand here.

Look at these guys they're ready to..

This is definitely your son. By the way...

...I looked at him -- I look at him, there's no question that's your son.

Thank you.