Thank you very much Angela.

Go ahead.

Yeah.

Very important. Local news is very important, and they really treat us well. Local news has been fantastic. They treat us so well. I mean not at all cases, I guess. But generally speaking, really fantastic. Very important. Local news -- people have no idea how important that is. But we've been getting great treatment.

Yeah.

Right.

Well, I'll be here many times over the years. I love this place. It's beautiful. And you really do. You look up in the sky, and you hear it all your life, but it's very special. It's a special place, with great people. You see the crowd. You see the enthusiasm. These are great people, and I think that will be an incredible Senator. I really do. I -- I know him. He's going to be a fantastic senator from Montana.

No, whathe did with the Admiral Jackson, Admiral Rodney Jackson, one of the most respected people, I thought what he did was horrible. And what Tester did was horrible. That should never have happened.

And then of course, what the Democrats did do Justice Gorsuch was -- and you have to remember, Justice Gorsuch had a very hard time before. But then when you went to Justice Kavanaugh, that was -- that was one of the worst things I've seen in the United States Senate. That was horrible.

So, what they did with, originally, Gorsuch, and then Kavanaugh was horrible. But in the Tester case, what he said about Admiral Jackson was horrible, and it was false. And I said, I'm going to come and I'm going to do something, because that shouldn't be allowed to be done, and you have a great candidate.

You know, Matt Rosendale is a great, great candidate. He's a special guy, and I think he's going to be fantastic. He'll represent Montana and our country so well.

Well, I know both of them and I will tell you, I hope they both do great, okay? I'll be -- you know, I had to turn politician eventually. But I hear they're both really great, and hey look anything up here as far as I'm concerned is fantastic. So I wish them both well.

Yes, go ahead.

Yes.

Terrific guy.

Well, his biggest problem is that he's doing so good, and so well at what he's doing, that I hate to take him. He is doing a job with the environment, with government, with so many different things.

It's a big agency, and he is doing such an incredible job. That's his biggest obstacle. Who am I going to replace him with? He's fantastic. So -- he's a very special guy. He's doing a great job. So that's his -- that could be his problem.

Thank you very much. Have a good time.