Hi, Shannon.

Well, it was a tough windstorm. The wind was probably more dangerous than anything else. I was just listening to Rick, where it was third or fourth ever in recorded history, and that's exactly what it was. So to a certain extent, we don't know, because it's so dark, and all the electric is out, but we hear there's a lot of damage, and it's a tremendous wind damage. Tremendous. A lot of things are blown over. Hopefully not houses with people in them.

Well, if I didn't go, they would also criticize it. And the problem I had Shannon is this was set up a long time ago. We had thousands of people lined up from yesterday. I mean, literally, they stayed 24 hours and sometimes more than that to go to these rallies. They like them. You probably saw the pictures on television tonight. Tonight, thousands and thousands of people outside after the arena, it was a big arena but it was full, and we had to have 15 or beyond that thousand people outside. And, so you had these people waiting for hours, many hours. And if I didn't go, that would have been the wrong thing too. And, more importantly than anything, we have people in Florida, we have people in the White House. I had everything set up an Air Force One. I was in total communication. In fact, I spoke with the governors of Alabama, the governor of, as you know, of Georgia I spoke with Rick Scott. We were in constant communication. Did the rally, and people had a fantastic time. It was a very important rally tonight. But it would have been very unfair to have people waiting for 10 and 12 and more than that hours, and then say, by the way, I'm not going to be there tonight. It would have been pretty tough.

Well, that's what I'm trying to get out. I mean, I'm -- I guess, people like me, because you see what's going on, and you see the poll numbers,  it came out with 52 today, one of the big polls, and -- and we do -- and they say there were a lot of people beyond that, when they hang up, they say that's a Trump voter. That's my kind of person. But, the fact is that I think we're doing really well. I'm looking at the Senate votes, and races that we were not even going to contest, we're now winning. If you look at North Dakota if you look at -- I could name four or five of them, but I want to jinx myself by doing it, but many of the Senate races that we didn't think we were even going to be contesting, to a large extent, we are now leading. We have some great candidates, and very importantly, we're finding the same thing now with the -- with the House. A lot of it has to do with the horrible abuse that now Justice Kavanaugh suffered last week at the hands of these Democrats, they went --  they went absolutely crazy. It was disgraceful. I think they disgraced their party and they disgraced themselves.

Well, what did he say? I'd be curious, because I was out there working very hard on the hurricane, and other things. What did he say?

Well, I do whatever really the Senate wanted, because, look, the Senate was well-run, so well-run by Senator Grassley, and whatever they would like to do is okay with me. If they want to release, it's okay, and if they don't want to release, I could understand that also. But again, it was going to be their vote, and I let them do whatever they wanted to do, and that included the investigation itself. What they wanted, and if they wanted something, they would have either let us know, or they could have directly let the FBI know, as far as I would be concerned. So, obviously the reports were very strong, because everybody that read them came away and said, everything said was totally uncorroborated, or not true. And, I think it was a disgrace, frankly. And I am glad we went the extra week, because by coming the extra week and going the extra week, we ended up exactly with that. So, it -- it was -- it was in many ways a very sad period of time for this country to have a man like that go through what he had to go through, and his family and his young daughters, to go through a situation like that, where they were leaking, and I think a lot of people think they know who leaked it, but where they were leaking, where they were doing things and saying things that were inappropriate. I think the Democrats disgraced themselves during the hearings.

I just don't have an opinion on that. It was 36 years ago. There were no complaints during this long, long period of time. When it came right down to it, she didn't know how she got there, she didn't know how she got back. She didn't know, really, the time or the year. She didn't know the house. She didn't know the section, the area. She just know -- she knew that she had one beer. She says she had one beer. That's about it. So, you know, do I have a -- do I have a statement to make? No, I'm not going to make a statement. But I can tell you this: I really believe you need a lot more than that to take somebody who is a world class student, who was a hard worker, who'd never had a problem -- and this wasn't covered, but if you take from the time he graduated from college to right now, he led a very spectacular, clean life, a beautiful life. And if he didn't, he was a high judge -- second highest court, as you know better than I do. If he didn't, that would have been reported in the newspapers almost like it would be reported if I did it.

Right.

Well, I really like the job the Senate did. I thought they were dignified in terms of the Republicans, that is. They were -- they they didn't have to take that time. They could have taken a much earlier vote, as you know. They waited. They watched. They asked the FBI to do a seventh investigation. Don't forget, that was the seventh investigation, Shannon. So they asked for a seventh investigation, and obviously it was very strong. Susan Collins and Lindsey Graham and everybody that went in to read it -- to read it came out and said, wow that was, it was -- number one, they thought it was thorough,  and number two, here was nothing there. So, I'm glad we took the extra week, and you know, people have said I was restrained, and I think that's good. But I was restrained also, because the Senate  really was doing their job as they were supposed to.

Right.

Well, it's a terrible thing and it certainly would not be a positive I would not be happy at all. And I guess you would have to say so far it's looking a little bit like that and we're going to have to see we're doing a lot of work on it. But it would certainly not be a not be a good thing at all.

Well, I think that would be hurting us. We don't we have jobs, we have, you know, a lot of things happening in this country, we have a country that's doing probably better economically that it has ever done before. A part of that is what we're doing with our defense systems and everybody's wanting them. And frankly, I think that that would be a very, very tough pill to swallow for our country. I mean, you're affecting us and you know they're always quick to jump that way. I'd have to find out really before I discuss this. I'd have to find out what happened. And we are looking and so are other people. Turkey's looking and a couple of others are looking, the very talented people are involved and we will get to the bottom of it. I do hate to commit to what recourse we take at this -- It's just too early.

You know the incredible thing -- first of all, Nicky was fantastic and the incredible thing is I really have five or six fantastic people, I think they all do the job really well. And the answer is yes, I don't expect to be adding anybody the list but we have some really talented, brilliant people that will do a great job. Probably over the next week or two I will announce it. Nicky is going to be here as you know 'til the end of the year. And so anybody will be working with her for a little period of time at least, which will be good. But at some point to the very near future I'll be announcing the name.

No. The show is great, I think I'll do it.

Well, I don't think so because basically you do what he says you're not going to have a country and you are going to have Venezuela and you're going to have to lift up your taxes by three times. You know, we've been cutting taxes and we're giving great -- we're giving great healthcare plans. We just came out with another concept of a plan today that a lot of people are liking very much, and we are -- we are doing a real job and, you know, we get rid of the individual mandate that people hated, which was horrible, that was the Obama plan and Obamacare. We're also keeping the premiums down at a much lower level than they ever were on the Obama administration. And we had to beat other than one senator, or you could put it differently, you know, one senator late in the evening happened to vote against it. Shockingly, even though he campaigned for 10 years -- for eight years against it, you know, we had it done. It was repeal and replace but we're coming up with -- we're really coming up with alternatives that are just as good, and in some cases maybe even better. But we've been able to keep the premiums down much lower than they had previously during the Obama administration, and that's good, and that was that's really through good management of health care. And we have things happening on healthcare that are going to be very, very exciting. But if you look at Bernie, and nobody ever says it,  but the country is not rich enough to even think about doing what they want to do. And number two, if you did what they want to do it would be lousy healthcare, really lousy healthcare. And I think you understand that very well.

Well, I've had many inaccurate polls and I've had some that were -- where I found Rasmussen to be very accurate. Actually, The Los Angeles Times was a very accurate poll, Investor's Business -- Investor's Daily. I mean, we had some polls that were very accurate having to do with 2016, but we had some polls that were so far out and we knew they were phony polls, I mean, as far as I'm concerned. But this isn't about that. I think that polls, you know, they call it a generic poll and actually the Republicans are doing well in the generic poll. But I don't know that a generic poll means anything because there are individual races -- The House, there are many individual races. I think we're doing really well. We're looking at races that we didn't think we were going to be winning and now we're even up, but honestly, we're not going to know until November 6. We really are not going to know. And we'll see what happens whatever it is. But I'm out there working hard doing a lot of different things for House members as well as for Senate. They all want me out there and we're getting tremendous crowds and we're getting the word out and getting the word out.

I have. But I have for months. In fact, if you've listened to my speeches, pre-existing conditions -- I'm saying it's being covered 100% and Republicans are doing that. And there was a time where that wasn't being done. But -- and there was a -- there was a time for many years where it wasn't done at all and not even thought of we are 100% for pre-existing and covering people with pre-existing conditions. And I actually -- if you'd look at my last -- you know, for many months, speeches, I cover pre-exist -- I say: "We will cover pre-existing conditions." The difference is that Democrats won't be able to do it because it doesn't fit in their plans and it doesn't work monetarily. They will never be able to do it.

I do. I do.

That was never discussed. And also, Jim Brown, who's --

-- the greatest running back maybe ever in the NFL, I mean, Jim Brown is a great -- and he was a great lacrosse player that some people say he was a better lacrosse player and yet he was the best football player, he's a great athlete. But Jim Brown is coming. Jim has been a supporter from the beginning of me and, you know, when you look at the unemployment we're the best in the history of our country. Black unemployment is at the lowest level ever in history. You look at median income for African-Americans. It's at the best it's ever been in the history of our country. I mean, I'm doing things for the African-Americans that have never been done by the Democrats. And as you know the Democrats really have had that vote. They've had that vote locked up. It's not so locked up anymore, you know, because I'm producing numbers that they would never able to produce. So, it's a great thing. And Kanye West saw that. Kanye is a smart guy and he saw that, and he saw that a long time ago. Jim Brown saw it. I could name many other great black stars and athletes that are said. You know who they are and you report about them. We have a lot of support. We have a tremendous amount of support and it's gaining all the time because I'm producing. When you look at numbers like that, when it's the best in the history of our country how can somebody fight that?

Well, we're going to see what happens. Let's all see. The nice part is that we are --  everybody's working together. I have a great -- I really have a great Cabinet. Everybody's working hard. They're all working together. And as you can probably see, things are going very well. We finished a big deal with Canada, with Mexico. We finished the deal with South Korea. We're winning with China. China wants to make a deal badly. We're winning with China. We're winning at every front and that's the way I want to keep it. We're doing very well. We'll see what happens with the attorney general. We'll see what happens with some other positions but I will say we have a great Cabinet. I think we have one of the best cabinets ever.

All of them, I like them all. Don't get me into that. You get me into a lot of trouble. This could be your toughest question. No, the easiest thing --  Look, Chuck Grassley is a strong guy. Gruff, okay, and I say that in a very affectionate way because he's a great guy. He did a fantastic job that was not easy, and then they send the phony paid, you know, protesters in screaming all the time. And frankly, they let them scream because they discredited themselves and they were all put up by the Democrats, they actually admitted, the Democrats admitted that they worked with these people. It's terrible. But Chuck Grassley did a great job. As you know, Lindsey was outstanding. I mean, Lindsey was just absolutely outstanding. His level of -- he just couldn't believe what was happening, it was so nasty and so false, and so such fabricated stories and lies. Lindsey Graham was incredible. And I'll tell you what, Mitch -- and I've been a fan of Mitch, a lot of people don't know this but I've been a fan of Mitch for a long time and we have a very good relationship, which, again, a lot of people don't know that. We've had a lot of success together. And Mitch was fantastic. So really, all three were stars.

No. I don't think that.

No. I don't think it's sad at all. I mean, the trade war with China would take it as billions of dollars in tariffs from China, from Chinese goods, and it hasn't hurt us at all. We're taking in billions and billions of dollars. We're going to make products here that we're now buying in China. Now that wasn't it. The problem that I have is with the Fed. The Fed is going wild. I mean, I don't know what their problem is, but they're raising interest rates and it's ridiculous because we're winning. I don't call them trade wars, I'd say we're doing, you know, we're doing a little bit of battle, not much. But China, you know, we put $250 billion worth of tariffs and potential tariffs at 25% and we have $267 billion more if I want to do it. But they want to make a deal. Hey, you said that we all said: "Oh, Canada will never make a deal." Well, Canada made a deal, that's a great deal. We opened up Canada for our farmers. You look at Mexico we made the deal. Look at the horrible deal that we had with South Korea that was totally thrown out and renegotiated and now it's a good deal. We'll make a great deal so that's not the problem. The problem, in my opinion, is treasuries and the Fed. The Fed is going loco and there's no reason for them to do it. And I'm not happy about it.

Well, I don't think so. You know my rallies have been very peaceful. And even at the beginning when there seemed to be conflict they sent paid people to disrupt our rallies. And when you do that, you know, bad things happen, but they were the ones that started everything. So, no, it wasn't us it was -- it was totally the other side. I would have a rally and paid people were going into those rallies causing trouble and in many cases it didn't work out so well for those people. Paid people --

-- Shannon, paid people were in those rallies. But when I hear Holder making a statement like he made today I think it's a disgrace. And Hillary I really understand she just doesn't get it. She never did. She never will. And that's why she lost the election.

Well, I hope so too. I do. I hope so too. I hope we're going to be able to do that.

Thank you very much. Thank you very much, Shannon.

Goodbye.