That's great.

It's a strange thing. I just love the people. They're great people. They have tremendous heart. They've been treated very unfairly. I've always felt they've been treated unfairly. And I brought back the coal industry. I brought back a lot. Look, West Virginia is now booming. West Virginia is doing great.

We saw 65 percent up in coal export this year, it was just announced. And you're just very special, and they came for Patrick Morrisey because I think he's going to be a great Senator, we need his vote. And Carol Miller likewise, and, I don't kno,w I've just developed great friendships to this state, and I won by 42 points.

And they did me a big favor. And I always do them favors back. It's just been a very good relationship.

Well it is, and it's happening and I will tell you, coal is just starting. Coal is just beginning. If you look at Asia, they love West Virginia coal, it's a really high quality coal. Vietnam, the president and prime minister of Vietnam, said it's the best coal they've ever used, and coal -- so coal itself is going to be very very big.

Much bigger than it has been, but it has really taken off. And just economic development generally, it's a great location. It's a great state. It's got hardworking people, and it's doing really well, and you have a really terrific governor. Big Jim Justice. He's a big man. But Jim Justice has done a fantastic job as governor.

I think you're just seeing the beginning of the resurgence, and if you look at the various states, West Virginia is making about the biggest comeback in the whole nation. So, maybe that's because I do like it, and I do come here. But whatever it is, we'll take it.

Well, I agree with you 100 percent. I mean, part of the problem is we get treated very unfairly by the press by the media. And, you know, just not correctly, not fairly. So you have to go -- you have to be a little bit tougher. You have to go around certain ways. You have to use social media the way you have to use it in order to get the word out.

You have to do rallies, like we did today. This was so successful, I mean, they're all successful. And if we didn't do this, and if we didn't talk the way we're talking, we'd never get the word out. And the bottom line is, I guess, that's why I became president, and now I can do things that normally you wouldn't be able to do. But, I agree with you 100 percent, and I think over a period of time, if the press could ever report it the way it is, instead of the way they want it, you would see a very big difference.

And I think it'll end up happening.

Yes.

Well, we just want to keep it going. I mean, today we had a tremendous number, despite hurricanes which absolutely obliterate jobs numbers. In October it was just announced this morning, 250,000 new jobs in the country. That is a shocking number. Also 3.7 percent unemployment. Very very low, I think, 50-year type low, and wages going up. The people of West Virginia like that.

Not only wages going up. People have a choice of jobs. You know, you don't look, sort of have to hold on to one job. If you don't like your job, you can go out and you can get another job. So it's really doing well. We're having the best economy, probably, in the history of our country. So I'm very proud to be a part of it, and that's why I hope the folks in West Virginia, they go out they vote for Patrick.

Patrick Morrisey and Carol Miller, because we're going to keep it going. We need their votes, we're going to keep it going.

Thank you.