Thank you Chris, very much.

Right.

Right.

It's very light, it's fake news, it's disgusting fake news. I read a front page story in the Washington Post, they never even called me, nobody ever calls me. You know, they hear -- I don't even think they have sources I think they just make it up like it's fiction. And I will tell you I'm extremely upbeat, the White House is running like a well-oiled machine, it's doing really well, I have great people.

I will make some changes but not very many. I'm very happy with my cabinet, other than, you know a couple of exceptions and even there I'm not unhappy. And I will tell you that it's so wrong, the reporting about me is so wrong. I'm loving what I'm doing, I did well in France, I did have a problem where I wasn't able to go to a cemetery because the Secret Service would not let me do it.

No, but I'm just saying the Secret Service would not let me do it and they made it a big deal.

Well I didn't know the advisor well, really, and I know they had a lot of problem. My wife did a great job in Africa and she was not treated properly by the press, she really worked so hard. They came to me. They wanted to go a little bit public because that's the way they felt and I thought it was fine.

I met with Mira two days ago and we're going to move her around. She was with me for a long time, although I don't know her. She's really somebody I don't know very well. But we're going to move her around because she's got certain talents. But, frankly, she is not -- she'll never be put in the United Nations, let me put it that way.

She's not too diplomatic, but she's talented.

Well, I like her a lot. I respect her a lot. She's very smart. I want her to get much tougher and we'll see what happens there. But I want to be extremely tough.

Well there's a chance. But there's a chance everybody -- I mean that's what happens in government you leave, you make a name, you go. The people that have left have done very well. The people that have left have done very well -- from my White House. I like her very much, I respect her very much, I'd like her to be much tougher on the border -- much tougher, period.

Well --

We -- I wouldn't -- look, we get along well. There are certain things I love what he does. And there are certain things that I don't like that he does -- that aren't his strength. It's not that he doesn't do -- you know he works so hard. He's doing an excellent job in many ways. There are a couple of things where it's just not his strength.

It's not his fault, it's not his strength.

But I haven't even thought about John in terms of this. But John, at some point, is going to want to move on. John will move on.

It could happen. Yeah, it could -- I mean it could be. But let's see what happens. I have not -- look, I have three or four or five positions that I'm thinking about. Of that, maybe it's going to end up being two. Maybe, but I want to -- I need flexibility.

Yeah.

I did not know that. I did not know he took views on the Mueller investigation as such.

I don't think it had any effect. If you look at those statements those statements that can -- they really can be viewed either way, but I don't think it will have any impact --

Chris, I'll tell you what --

He's right. What do you do when a person's right? There is no collusion. He happened to be right. I mean, he said it. So if he said there is collusion, I'm supposed to be taking somebody that says there is? Because then I wouldn't take him for two reasons, but the number one reason is the fact that he would have been wrong.

If he said that there's no collusion, he's right.

Right.

Look he -- it's going to be up to him. I think he's very well aware politically. I think he's astute politically. He's a very smart person. A very respected person. He's going to do what's right. I really believe he's going to do what's right.

I would not get involved. And all these people that say I'm going to end the investigation, you know, they've been saying that now for -- how long has this witch hunt gone on? It's gone on for, what?

OK, but how long have I been looked at? You know when I've been looked at? From the day I --

From the day I announced. I was looked at as a candidate with nothing, no proof, with phony people like McCabe and Strzok and his lover -- you had Lisa Page, his lover. These people were looking at me, they wanted an insurance policy just in case I won or Hillary lost, and this was the insurance policy. It's a scam.

There was no collusion whatsoever, and the whole thing is a scam.

No, no, no, not my team. I'm preparing written answers. My -- I -- I'm the one that does the answering. Yes, are they writing them out?

Yeah. They're writing what I tell them to write.

At some point very soon, yes. I've completed them.

And it wasn't a big deal. By the way, it wasn't a big deal. The answers -- the questions were asked and answered. It wasn't a big deal. You know, they make it like I had meetings for many, many hours -- I got the questions, I responded, we wrote them out, I read them once, I read them a second time, we made some changes, that's it. They're very simple.

You know why? I did nothing wrong.

Yes.

Well there was no obstruction of justice.

I think they'd probably agree with me.

And all you have to do is look at Article II.

I would say probably. Probably. I mean, I can change my mind, but probably. I think we've --

I think we've wasted enough time on this witch hunt and the answer is probably, we're finished.

I don't do odds, I gave very detailed --

You're right, and very successfully actually. We gave very, very complete answers to a lot of questions that I shouldn't have even been asked and I think that should solve the problem, I hope it solves the problem, if it doesn't, you know, I'll be told and we'll make a decision at that time. But probably this is the end.

Right.

We have the tape, I don't want to hear the tape, no reason for me to hear the tape.

Because it's a suffering tape, it's a terrible tape. I've been fully briefed on it, there's no reason for me to hear it, in fact I said to the people should I? They said: "you really shouldn't, there's no reason." I know exactly -- I know everything that went on in the tape without having to hear it.

It was very violent, very vicious and terrible.

That's right, that's right and still says that.

I don't -- I don't know, you know who could really know but I can say this he's got many people now that say he had no knowledge.

Well, he told me that he had nothing to do with it, he told me that I would say maybe five times at different points.

As recently as a few days ago.

Well, will anybody really know? All right, will anybody really know? But he did have certainly people that were reasonably close to him and close to him that were probably involved. You saw we put on very heavy sanctions, massive sanctions on a large group of people from Saudi Arabia. But at the same time we do have an ally and I want to stick with an ally that in many ways has been very good.

Well I want to see Yemen end but it takes two to tango. Iran has to end it also. And Iran is a different country than it was when I took over, it's far weakened because of what I did with the Iran -- so-called Iran deal, Iran nuclear deal, which was one of the great rip-offs of -- of all time. But I want Saudi to stop but I want Iran to stop also.

I won the Senate, you don't mention that.

Excuse me, I won the Senate.

I think they said 88 years.

Are you ready? I won the Senate, and that's historic too, because if you look at presidents in the White House it's almost never happened where you won a seat. We won -- we now have 53 as opposed to 51 and we have 53 great Senators in the U.S. Senate. We won. That's a tremendous victory. Nobody talks about that.

That's a far greater victory than it is for the other side. Number two, I wasn't on the ballot. I wasn't --

I said look at me -- I said look me.

But I have people and you see the polls, how good they are, I have people that won't vote unless I'm on the ballot, OK? And I wasn't on the ballot. And almost everybody that I won -- I think they said it was 10 out of 11. And I won against President Obama and Oprah Winfrey and Michelle Obama in a great state called Georgia for the governor.

And it was all stacked against Brian and I was the one that went for Brian and Brian won. Look at Florida. I went down to Florida. Rick Scott won and he won by a lot. I don't know what happened to all those votes that disappeared at the very end. And if I didn't put a spotlight on that election before it got down to the 12,500 votes he would of lost that election, OK? In my opinion he would have lost.

They would have taken that election away from him. Rick Scott won Florida. You'd have to say, excuse me, a man named Ron DeSantis is now your governor -- your new governor of Florida. A wonderful man named DeWine is your governor of the great state of Ohio. Remember what they used to say before my election?

You cannot win unless you win Ohio. I won Ohio. We had a tremendous set of victories. You look at the victories --

I didn't run. I wasn't running. My name wasn't on the ballot. There are many people that think, "I don't like Congress," that like me a lot. I get it all the time; "Sir, we'll never vote unless you're on the ballot." I get it all the time. People are saying, "Sir, I will never vote unless you're on the ballot.

I say, "No, no, go and vote." "Well, what do you mean?" As much as I try and convince people to go vote, I'm not on the ballot.

It's fine, I mean it's not a big deal. What they said, though, is that we have to create rules and regulations for conduct et cetera, et cetera, we're doing that. We're going to write them up right now, it's not a big deal. And if he misbehaves, we'll throw him out or we'll stop the news conference. Actually --

Yeah, they're doing them now. I mean, we'll have rules of decorum, you know, you can't keep asking questions, you have -- we had a lot of reporters in that room, many, many reporters in that room and they were unable to ask questions because this guy gets up and starts, you know, doing what he's supposed to be doing for him and for CNN and, you know, just shouting out questions.

But but I will say this, look, nobody believes in the First Amendment more than I do and if I think somebody's acting out of sorts, I will leave, I'll say thank you very much everybody, I appreciate you coming and I will leave. And those reporters will not be too friendly to whoever it is that's acting up.

Actually I like to do it, but in many cases I don't. He'll stand up, he's unbelievably rude to Sarah Huckabee, who's a wonderful woman, unbelievably rude and I see that and I actually ask her the same. Why do you call on these people that are so nasty?

I think one of the things we'll do is maybe turn the camera off that faces them because then they don't have any air time, although I'll probably be sued for that and maybe, you know, win or lose it, who knows. I mean, with with this stuff you never know what's going to happen.

That's true, 100 percent. Not the media.

I'm glad you're finally quoting it correctly because they like to leave the fake news out --

The fake news -- so --

The people that are supporting me in particular, they're very smart people. They're hard working, brilliant, great people. They know when the news is fake and they get angry when they see all of the fakeness --

At, frankly, the networks --

Chris, I'm calling the fake news is the enemy -- it's fake, it's phony.

No it's not, no. No. I don't mind getting bad news if I'm wrong. If I do something wrong -- like, for instance, the cemetery. I was not allowed to go because of the Secret Service. Because they expected to take a helicopter --

They had zero visibility. They said, "Sir, we are totally unequipped for you to go." In addition to that, the cemetery was far too far away from Air Force One, which is sort of like a control center, where you had to be near.

Not one paper that I saw wrote it that way. They said I stayed out of it because of the rain. And yet, the following day, I made a speech at the American cemetery --

It was pouring. It wasn't even really raining the first day but the fog was tremendous. OK?

I can't talk for other people, I can only talk for me. I will tell you --

The news -- Chris -- Chris, I'm not talking about you, but you sometimes maybe. But I'm not talking about you.

The news about me is largely phony. It's false. Even sometimes they'll say, uh, "Sources say." There is no source, in many cases -- in many cases there is --

No, no, no. It's not a question --

Ninety-four percent negative.

Yeah.

Hillary Clinton fan.

Excuse me, Hillary Clinton fan.

OK, he's a Hilary Clinton, uh, backer and an Obama-backer and frankly --

Wouldn't it have been nice if we got Osama Bin Laden a lot sooner than that, wouldn't it have been nice? You know, living -- think of this -- living in Pakistan, beautifully in Pakistan in what I guess they considered a nice mansion, I don't know, I've seen nicer. But living in Pakistan right next to the military academy, everybody in Pakistan knew he was there.

And we give Pakistan $1.3 billion a year and they don't tell him, they don't tell him --

For years --

They took him down but -- look, look, there's news right there, he lived in Pakistan, we're supporting Pakistan, we're giving them $1.3 billion a year, which we don't give them anymore, by the way, I ended it because they don't do anything for us, they don't do a damn thing for us.

I'm totally in favor of the media, I'm totally in favor of free press, got to be fair press. When it's fake --

I can tell what's fair and not and so can my people and so can a lot of other people.

When you do something very good and they write it badly and this is consistently when you -- as an example, rarely do they talk about --

Well, no, he didn't talk about the news, he didn't talk about anything, I'm only saying it very differently than anyone's ever said it before, I'm saying fake news, false reporting, dishonest reporting, of which there is a lot, and I know it. See, I know it because I'm a subject of it. A lot of people don't know it. But when I explain it to them, they understand it.

And, Chris, you know that better, you don't have to sit here and act like a perfect little, wonderful, innocent angel, I know you too well, I knew your father too well, that's not your gene. But let me tell you --

Fake news --

Most of it is bias, most of it is bias.

I'm not calling you that.

I'm not calling you -- you don't understand it.

No, no, no, I'm not calling you --

I am calling fake news, fake reporting, is what's tearing this country apart because people know, people like things that are happening and they're not hearing about it.

I think I'm doing a great job. We have the best economy we've ever had.

We're doing really well. We would have been at war with North Korea if, let's say, that administration continued forward.

I would give myself, I would -- look, I hate to do it, but I will do it, I would give myself an A+, is that enough? Can I go higher than that?

No, no.

Just won't happen, it's not -- I think the eight year limit is a good thing, not a bad thing.

No, excuse me. Not security concern -- they wouldn't allow me to go --

They said, "Sir," Secret Service said, "Sir, you cannot go. We are not prepared. You cannot go." Because it was supposed to be helicopter, but the helicopter couldn't fly because of zero visibility. So --

They said, "Sir, you cannot go."

I should have done that. I was extremely busy on calls for the country, we did a lot of calling, as you know --

I probably, you know, in retrospect I should have and I did last year and I will virtually every year. But we had come in very late at night and I had just left, literally, the American cemetery in Paris and I really probably assumed that was fine and I was extremely busy because of affairs of state doing other things.

But I would have -- I would have done it.

Well, I think you will see that happen. There are things that are being planned. We don't want to talk about it because of -- obviously because of security reasons and everything else.

But there are things that are planned. As you know, I was very much opposed to the war in Iraq. I think it was a tremendous mistake, should have never happened --

You're right.

I don't think anybody's been more with the military than I have, as a president. In terms of funding, in terms of all of the things I've been able to get them, including the vets. I don't think anybody's done more than me.

I've had an unbelievable busy schedule and I will be doing it. On top of which you have these phony witch hunts. On top of which -- I mean, we've just been very busy. But I will be doing that.

Mia Love gave me no love and she lost. Too bad. Sorry about that Mia.

The same thing with April Ryan. I watch her get up. I mean, you talk about somebody that's a loser, she doesn't know what the hell she's doing.

What a stupid question that is. What a stupid question. But I watch you a lot. You ask a lot of stupid questions.

I think that if I was very different I wouldn't have gotten what we had to get. We got the biggest tax cuts in history, we got ANWR approved, we have -- we got rid of the individual mandate, which was the most unpopular thing you can imagine -- health care -- I got rid of it, everybody said it would be impossible to get rid of it.

And many many -- you know, the regulations. I think if I was a more modified, more moderate, in that sense, I don't think I would have done half of the things that I was able to get completed.

With that being said, other than you have to have a certain ability to fight back and, as you know, people have -- you know, they take strong stands on me both ways, you know, love and hate. I'd like to see it a little bit, maybe, more right down the middle.

But tone is something that is important to me. But a lot of times you can't practice tone because you have people coming at you so hard that if you don't fight back in a somewhat vigorous way you're not going to win. And we have to win. This country has to win.

We have a lot of victories coming and I think if I -- if I go too low-key we're not going to have those victories.

Thank you. Thank you very much, Chris.

I have, I feel very comfortable. It took me a little while. You know, it's sort of incredible. You say you're the President of the United States, and I say, wow, and it takes a little while to get over that.

Yeah.

Right.

Here we are, you know I've had people come into this -- the biggest people in the world, presidents, prime ministers, the heads of the biggest companies in the world and they always stop and they say, this is the Oval Office.

This is the Oval Office. There is nothing like it in the world. This is the Resolute Desk, very famous. This is where John John, at the time, right?

John Kennedy was right here, that's a little door that opens up and that was the famous picture, I could show you that picture, in fact, I'll give it to you. But this is a very important desk -- FDR, John Kennedy, you know, we have seven desks and as president you can choose any one of the desks. This is to me, I think the most beautiful, in terms of its carving.

I also think in many respects it's just some people that I respect.

I don't think about it, I don't think about, you know, how I make them. I make what I consider the right decision, I have great people working at the White House, they don't get enough credit. I have some tremendously talented people and I will talk to them and sometimes I'll have them go at each other, I do like that, you know let them go at each other.

And they do. They've very competitive people and at the end I make a decision and it's certainly -- on the economy, a lot of things we've been -- we've made a lot of good decisions and I want to keep it that way.

Yes, oh, all the time.

I've done things where I wished I went a different route but then what you do is you change course and you -- you bring it back, you stabilize it out. But --

Well, I think North Korea's been very tough because you know we were very close. When I took that over President Obama right in those two chairs, we sat and talked and he said that's by far the biggest problem that this country has. And I think we had real decision as to which way to go on North Korea and certainly at least so far I'm very happy with the way we went.

I have a very good relationship with --

Maybe they are, maybe they're not, I don't believe that, I don't. And you know could which is -- if that's the way it goes, that's the way it goes. You know, I go with the way we have to go but so far it's been good, we have a very good relationship. We've made I think some great decisions for the people of this country and I do, you know I put America first and other countries should put themselves first.

It's not like we should put -- and everybody else should be second to us, no. Other countries are proud of their countries and their leadership put their countries first. But we were putting our country in many cases last. We were more worried about the world than we were worried about the United States, that's not going to happen with me.