Well, thank you very much.

Maybe so. He's a great gentleman. He's a very-high-quality person. You know, I got a call, Maria, that somebody would like to see me. And they were sort of, like, acting anonymous. I said, wait a minute. I'm the president of the United States. How can I see somebody I don't know who it is?

Anyway, I figured it out. And it was a very elegant moment. It was a beautiful moment. He presented me with a letter. And it really is a retirement of a great gentleman. He's a fine, fine gentleman, and really did a -- I think he did a very -- he was -- ended up being a little more neutral than a lot of people would have preferred, but a lot of people preferred that he was.

And we're going to pick somebody who is outstanding. And I said I will do it in your honor, but we're going to pick somebody who is outstanding.

And I was very honored that he did this during my term, which means he had confidence in me to do the right thing.

Well, that's a big one, and probably not. They're all saying, don't do that, you don't do that, you shouldn't do that. But I'm putting conservative people on.

And I'm very proud of Neil Gorsuch. He's been outstanding. His opinions are so well-written, so brilliant. And I'm going to try and do something like that, but I don't think I'm going to be so specific in the questions I will be answering.

And I'm actually told that I shouldn't be.

Well, maybe some day it will be to the states. You never know how that's going to turn out. That's a very complex question.

The Roe v. Wade is probably the one that people are talking about in terms of having an effect. But we will see what happens. But it could very well end up with states at some point.

I think it is going to go very quickly. I think we're going to have a lot of support. I think we are going to have support from Democrats, frankly, I think, if it's the right person. I'm going to pick the right person.

I'm going to pick somebody that's outstanding. And everybody on that list is outstanding, but I'm going to pick somebody who is outstanding. And I think -- yes, I think we will go very quickly.

I actually believe that. A lot of people think it is going to be a very long -- it is probably going to be vicious, because the other side, all they can do is obstruct and resist. You know, their whole thing is resist.

But -- and maybe some day we will be able to get along with the other side. I don't know. But, right now, it is only resist. That's all they want to do, is stop things from happening. So they are going to try very hard.

But I think it is going to go actually very quickly, if I pick the right person.

Yes.

Well, I think there's a double effect. The tax cuts have been incredible, and reform, don't forget, but tax cuts have been incredible.

But I think the big thing -- I actually think, maybe at least initially speaking, because it's been earlier, took place quicker, the regulation rollback has been the biggest ever in the history of our country.

No -- no president, even during full terms, has cut back anywhere near what I have done. And we have more to do. Now, we're going to have regulation. We're going to have clean water. We're going to have, you know, clean air. We're going to have the cleanest water, cleanest air.

But we are -- we have more regulation-cutting to do.

But I think that may have had a bigger impact to this point. I think, ultimately, the tax cuts, as they kick in -- and they are kicking in very -- you see the kind of hundreds of billions of dollars brought back into the country already. I think, ultimately, that's going to be something really special. And you're seeing the result right now.

Yes.

Honestly, if the Democrats would have won the election, first of all, you would have a lot of different -- if you look at the last four decisions on the Supreme Court, at 5-4, they would have all been reversed.

The union decision was a massive decision. The -- you know, you can look at any one of those four, they were all so big, so important. And they would have been exactly reversed.

So many -- that's why I have always heard that, as president, I mean, obviously, outside of war and peace, the biggest decision you can make is the selection of a Supreme Court justice. And I see it. And you see it so vividly over the last two days, because, I mean, those decisions would have all gone the other way.

Right.

We're doing a phase two. We will be doing it probably in October, maybe a little sooner than that. And it will be more of a middle class. We did a lot for the middle class, but this will be even more aimed at the middle class.

One of the things we're thinking about is bringing the 21 percent down to 20. And then, for the most part, the rest of it would go right to the middle class. It's a great stimulus.

And one of the things I'm doing that you have been reporting on -- although I'm not sure that you're a believer, but I think you are getting there -- look what's happening with the steel companies. They are doing -- they are expanding. They are going wild.

And we need steel. And we need aluminum. And we need solar panels. And, you know, the same thing with solar panels -- it was like a dead business, and we did a 30 percent tariff, because they were dumping all over the place. And washing machines, doesn't sound very glamorous. It is actually a very big business.

But if you look at what's happened to steel and aluminum, we practically built a new industry in a period of four, five months. It is incredible, what's happening.

But the big thing that I'm focused on now is trade. I have to straighten out trade deals. Maria, we have trade deals -- as an example, with China, we don't even have a trade deal with China. We don't have a deal. Nobody bothered to make a deal.

And they will charge 25 percent for a car, and we charge 2.5 percent. And you have used those numbers on your show, so I don't want to bore people.

But we have a -- some of the -- we have the worst trade deals in the world. We lose money with everybody. You know, when somebody walks in, I say, how much do we lose with this country? We lose with everybody.

We are going to make it reciprocal. We are going to make them fair. And I will tell you that you don't know about this, but every country is calling every day, saying, let's make a deal, let's make a deal.

It is all going to work out.

I think they trust me. And the farmers trust me.

Don't forget, the farmers -- and I won all the farmers. I won that whole -- you look at a map, it's a got a little blue on the outside, everything else is red

And it's beautiful color red. But I have to say that, if you look at what's happened with farms, over 15 years, it's just the steady decline.

Over the last five -- I've been here a year-and-a-half. Over the last five years, they have been very bad years for farms and farmers.

I said, we have to change that. And one of the reasons is because they have barriers. These aren't even economic barriers, although, in Canada's case, 275 percent tariff for dairy. That's not fair.

Well, I already pretty much finished the deal with South Korea. It was terrible deal. Remember, it was going to produce 200,000 jobs? And they were right -- for South Korea, not for us. That was a Hillary Clinton special. That's done.

NAFTA, I could sign it tomorrow, but I'm not happy with it. I want to make it more fair, OK? I want to make...

I want to wait until after the election. You're going to have an election. It's going to be very interesting. I have a feeling he's going to be fine.

And the reason is because, if they're not fine, I'm going to tax their cars coming into America, and that's the big one. You know, the cars are the big one. We can talk steel. We can talk everything. The big thing is the cars.

Well, actually, it's 20 percent. Tell them to get their numbers right. Look, Maria, what's going to really happen is, there's going to be no tax. You know why? They're going to build their cars in America. They're going to make them here.

We bring in millions and millions of cars a year. We charge 2.5 percent. Some of these countries don't even take our cars. If we want to send General Motors or any of our companies to some of these countries, they won't take our cars. They have a barrier.

They put up a barrier, non-monetary barrier. They call it non-monetary tariff. And the barrier is so strong, you can't sell a car. If you do sell a car, it's 10 percent, 15 percent, 25 percent. And we get 2.5 percent, and nobody pays it.

OK. You have to remember...

First of all, I love free trade. Do you know, when I was at the G7, I said, I have an idea, everybody. I'll guarantee you we'll do it immediately. Nobody pay anymore tax, everybody take down your barriers. No barriers, no tax. Everybody, are you all set? No more tax.

Canada, you're not going to get 275 percent for your dairy, and you're going to take down all your barriers. We're going to take all our barriers. We're going to down all our taxes, right?

You know what happened? Everybody said, "Uh, can we get onto another subject?" Because America, our country, lost last year $817 billion in terms of deficit. We had a trade deficit, Maria, of 817 billion -- with a B -- dollars last year. Before that, it was $800 billion.

This has been going on for years. We have rebuilt China. I have a great relationship with China, great relationship with President Xi. I have tremendous respect for him.

But I said, We have to straighten this out. We can't continue to do this.

No, no, we're going forward.

No, no, no, no. No. Look, we're in for -- you know, we've put in $250 billion worth of product. The tariffs are -- in fact, it could go up to 500, frankly, if we don't make a deal. And they want to make a deal.

I will tell you, China wants to make a deal. And so do I, but it's got to be a fair deal for this country.

One of the hard things is, our presidents and our business leaders, they were missing in action -- not so much the business leaders. You know, some business leaders benefit by allowing this stuff to go on. That's the problem. They benefit. They're more for their business than they are for the United States.

I had a great company, the head of a great company come up to me. He's very seriously affected by the tariffs.

He said: "Mr. President, it's not for me right now. Ultimately, it is, but you're doing the right thing on tariffs."

One of the -- one of the greatest...

I have to.

Right, right.

So, we're doing it through CFIUS. We're doing it through different things. But -- but what I didn't like was pinpointing China, because it's not fair. I get along with China. I like the president.

He's president for life. We can call him the king, right? But I like the president. I didn't like pinpointing China. I don't think it's fair, because they're not the only ones. Now, they're bigger and stronger. And, frankly, they do it more. And they're probably a bigger violator.

But it's other countries too. And I wanted to go worldwide. And we are doing that. So, actually, what I'm doing is a very similar thing. But I want it to pertain to everybody.

So, you mean China can't -- China can't do it, but other countries can? Now, I know China, and I know how smart they are. They'll send their people into other counties and do it through other counties. And they'll just go through an extra process.

I want -- I want everybody to do it. Same thing with the tariffs on the steel. If we don't have it on everybody, then what happens is, they -- you know, they put it through these other countries that don't have it, and you're wasting a lot of time.

Yes. Yes. It's true. It's happening.  By the way, $300 billion a year, they say. That's a lot of money.

No.

Because -- because the allies -- excuse me. The European Union is possibly as bad as China, just smaller, OK? It's terrible, what they do to us. European Union, take a look at the car situation. They send a Mercedes in. We can't send our cars in.

Look what they do to our farmers. They don't want our farm products. Now, in all fairness, they have their farmers. So, they want to protect their farmers. But we don't protect ours, and they protect theirs.

The European Union last year made, if you look at a trade surplus, which I think is a very important thing, $151 billion. Now, we all sort of love the European Union. You know, I was there many, many years ago, meaning, my parents were born in the European Union, but before there was a...

No. And I -- I love those counties.

Germany, and all of the countries, Scotland -- you know, you have Scotland. They're still in there. They're still hanging in there, right?

We will see what happens with Brexit.

But -- but they treat us very badly. They treat us very unfairly.

Maria, they don't take our product.  Excuse me. I can say it better, in a different way. They made last year $151 billion in trade surplus.

In other words, we had a deficit with the European Union. On top of that, we spend a fortune on NATO to protect them.

It's true. I don't like that they're leaving. They're not leaving, but...

I don't like it.

Maria...

Yes. Yes, I should. Look, I devoted a lot of time to Harley-Davidson. I treated them good. I guarantee you, everybody that ever bought a Harley-Davidson voted for Trump. I don't know if you know that. I would have to -- they call them bikers for Trump. There's -- there's hundreds.

And they're -- and they're very unhappy about it. They are very unhappy. Now, we just proposed this a few days ago. They made this deal at the beginning of the year, long before they ever heard of the word tariff. They made this deal at the beginning of the year. And I don't think they should do it.

I think that Harley is an American bike. It's an American motorcycle. And they should build them in this country. They shouldn't play cute. And I had them for lunch six months ago.

And they were telling me, in India, they charge 100 per...

Do you want to know...

I think I taught them more about tariffs than I could ever learn. I was saying, let me ask you a question. How much do you pay in India? One hundred percent. Oh, really? Do you do much business? No. Why? Because the tariff's too high.

I'm the one telling them. I said, that's a shame. I got them to reduce the tariffs in India, because I used that as an example. All of the sudden, Harley leaves. Everyone else is coming in.

You know, they are one of the few that's -- everyone else is coming in. I have feeling that maybe Harley, I think they're going to take a big hit. I just think it's a great American product. And our people have more pride then they used to have. I really believe that Harley's going to take a -- the people that are buying Harley-Davidson, you know, they don't want -- they don't want it built in another country.

And -- no, they don't want it.

I know those people.

Those are my voters.

Those are my voters. They don't want Harley-Davidson getting cute to make $2 more.

No. First of all, I signed an executive order last week saying, I don't want families broken up. Nobody else did that.

She's been there, and she's been out to the border twice. And she...

I'll tell you, she came home and told me a couple of things very -- she said, it's a very sad situation, very, very sad.

She was really impressed with Border Patrol, how professional they were. She came and said that. And she was really saddened by the plight of people.

I mean, you know, she has a very big heart. She went down -- this is her second time in a week-and-a-half. She feels it. But she was so strong on how professional the Border Patrol, the agents, the law enforcement is along the border.

She couldn't believe it.

And she saw the danger. She saw the danger -- you look at -- it just looks like danger. In the meantime, we have to have strong border protection. We have to have strong borders. We don't want crime. The Democrats want to have no borders. They want to get rid of ICE. You know, ICE is the one...

Yes.

Yes. Yes.

Well, I hope they keep thinking about it, because they're going to get beaten so badly. Do you know ICE, these are the guys that go in and take MS-13, and they take them out, because they're much tougher than MS-13, like, by a factor of 10.

And these are the ones. You get rid of ICE, you're going to have a country that you're going to be afraid to walk out of your house. I love that issue, if they're going to actually do that. They're seriously talking about that?

Because they -- you are going to have a county that's crime-ridden. The Border Patrol, the Border Patrol agents, ICE, these people are incredible. They were the ones -- actually, when Melania went down, she -- she was talking about the Border Patrol agents, not the ICE, because she doesn't see.

But ICE, Border Patrol, these are incredible patriots. The job they have is so dangerous.

You know Long Island very well, right?

Well, how about Long Island?

They go into Long Island, they -- they actually liberate towns. They liberate towns. These are incredible people.

If the Democrats go left, OK, if they do that, like I always say, Maxine Waters is -- you know, Maxine Waters is their new leader.

Between Maxine Waters and Nancy Pelosi, and getting rid of ICE, and having open borders -- and the biggest thing, you have open borders. All it's going to do is lead to massive, massive crime. That's going to be their platform, open borders, which equals crime.

I think they'll never win another election. So, I'm actually quite happy about it.

OK.

Oh, I think they're very serious about it. I think they want to do -- we had a very good chemistry. You know, we had a lot points -- we want a lot of different points. Not to go over them, but denuclearization, getting our -- getting the remains back from great heroes, great people. So many different things.

By the way, excuse me, getting the hostages back before I even went --

I know. But think of -- think of this. What did I do, really, when you think about it? I went there. So the papers say he went. Oh. Meaning I went to Singapore. So we had a meeting. We didn't do anything. Now, we're saving a lot of money by not doing -- I asked -- I said let's not do the -- I call them the war games, OK? They're dropping bombs all over the place every six months.

It's unbelievably expensive to do that. The planes fly in from Guam, these massive, you know, bombers. And all of our -- they're flying in from bomb, going back -- from Guam. It's crazy. So -- we gave nothing. What we are going to give is good things in the future. And -- and by the way, I really believe North Korea has a tremendous future. I got along really well with Chairman Kim.

We had a great chemistry. We really had -- Chairman Kim --

I made a deal with him. I shook hands with him. I really believe he means it.

Now, is it possible? Have I been in deals -- have you been in things where people didn't work out? It's possible. But --

And Iran -- look what's happening in Iran.

Iran's a different place. Iran's a different place.

Iran's no longer thinking about the Mediterranean and going through -- they're thinking about themselves. They're having riots all over --

If they do, they're going to have a very big problem.

Yes. Of course. That's what we're doing. Absolutely.

100 percent. 100 percent.

OPEC is and they're going to stop it.

Because we're protecting those countries -- many of those countries. OPEC is manipulating. And you know, they allowed less than we thought last week. They have to put out another $2 million barrels in my opinion. Because we don't want that happening. Don't forget, the one negative to the Iran deal is you're going to lose a lot of oil and they got to make up for it. And who's their big enemy?

Iran. OK? You think of it. Iran's their big -- so they're going to have to do it. And I have a very good relationship with the king and with the crown prince of Saudi Arabia and the others around. And they're going to have to put out more oil.

So I have this country running like a top. Mike Pompeo is doing great. We really have a great group of people. The one thing I want to stay uninvolved in -- at least for now. I may get involved.

But I've been told by so many people don't get involved.

You know, all those people got involved and it's not good. And they'll get the documents and it's getting -- and they're getting them and they're great people. I didn't like the scene the other day where everybody's screaming at each other. You know, I don't like that because it's bad for the country. You know, if Russia is in fact looking to sew discord, or chaos, they've got to be saying this is the greatest thing we've ever done. OK?

Now, there's no collusion with me, there's no Russia with me, there's no nothing.

It's a -- it's -- honestly, it's a disgrace. But I purposely said I'm not getting involved, let it just go. You know, they found nothing. Nobody has found anything.

And by the way, this is the most transparent thing ever done with the White House. I think I gave them a million four hundred thousand documents. I told them -- I -- look, don't even read them. There's no Russia mention or anything like that.

They have nothing. I don't like to see that kind of fighting. It's terrible.

It's bad for both sides.

I'll mention it. I'm going to mention it. I'd like to see some handshakes  as to why we didn't take the server -- why the FBI didn't take the server from the DNC --

No. Can you believe it?

No, no. Can you believe it? Now, why didn't the FBI take it? Look what they did to other people. Why didn't they take it? How can the DNC say, "get out of here." They threw them out of the office.

Did you ever see a difference in two investigations? And the difference is -

- this one here did nothing wrong. There was no collusion, no nothing. The other one - and I'm not saying one way or the other, but you go back one. How about the e-mails, the leading 33,000 e-mails.

Just didn't finish it. We don't even have to talk about the uranium and all the different things. Just tell me, you get a subpoena, and after getting the subpoena from the United States Congress, right, people go to jail for doing it under a civil case. They delete 33,000 e- mails.

Got immunity before the FBI even walked in. They walk in say you have a - and by the way, keep your laptops, and did they even say, "destroy your laptops," or something? "In a week you can destroy your laptops?"

Well, some of them do it for publicity. I hate to say it. Some of them do it for publicity. Now, the Hen Restaurant was - I thought was terrible with Sarah. I thought it was terrible. I think -

I think some of the things that are said are terrible. And, you know, it's our people are so incredible - you know, there's probably never been a base in the history of politics in this country like my base. I hope the other side realizes that they better just take it easy. They better just take it easy because some of the languages, some of the words you - even some of the radical ideas, I really think they're very bad for the country. I think they're actually very dangerous for the country.  -

So if you look at black unemployment, the best in history. Hispanic unemployment, the best in history, lowest in the history of our country. Women, 64, 65 years - the best in 65 years. Within two weeks, it should be the best in history. Women unemployment, meaning it's low, so low, so beautiful. Our unemployment picture overall generally is almost the best in history. Our numbers are among - it's going to be interesting to see what happens in the next quarter, but, you know, the - I don't know if you saw, but the Atlanta Fed predicted 4.8. I don't know if it's going to be -

4.8, I actually saw it on your show, so I guess you  -

- weren't watching. Maybe somebody else was -

But the Atlanta Fed predicted 4.6, and then they upped it to 4.8.

I don't know if that's true, but each point is $3 trillion and 10 million jobs, and you know that when I originally took over, it was 1.2, and it was heading down because they would have put more restrain - we talked about the regulations and restrictions. They would have put more regulations on.

There wouldn't have been any tax cuts. For the tax cuts, we didn't get one Democrat vote. Now add this to it. Part of their platform, one other thing they want to do, they want to raise the taxes. They want to end the tax cuts, take the money back, and they want to raise the taxes.

I don't think that's a very good formula for the country, number one, most importantly, it's also not a good formula to get elected.

Honestly, I feel actually good. The only thing I feel bad about is that I guess 93 percent of the time, whoever wins the presidency tends to do not so good in the midterms.

Other than that, we have - this may be -hey, look. You do this for a living and nobody does it better. This may be the greatest economy we've ever had. So if it's all about the economy, I think we should do phenomenally. I think we're going to do great. I think we're going to do great in the Senate.

You know, I visited three states in the last six days. I think every one of those people have an awfully good chance of winning. I think we're going to do great in the Senate, and I think we're going to do absolutely fine in the House.

I do like it. I mean, I -

I love those people.

I just love the people of this country. They are great.

They are great.

Thank you.

Thank you very much. Thank you, Maria.