Thank you, Joe.

Very storied.

Yes, that's right.

Right? Sure, sure, sure.

Right, right.

Right.

That's right. Which we have to do. We have to...

Ivanka is very much involved, and she's been involved. We have tremendous numbers of people who really are phenomenal in every way. But they're not trained, and they're not qualified to take some of the jobs.

You report on it all the time, all of the companies that are pouring back into our country. So we have Chrysler, we have so many companies, and we have companies expanding; look at what's happening with Apple, where they're going to be spending $350 billion. And I can go on and on.

And we need people with skill. We need people who are trained. It's much different than it was 30 years ago and 40 years ago. We need people that can go out there and do it. And that's exactly what we're doing. And in front of you is a list that's going to create almost 4 million jobs. These are a list of companies. They'll be creating a tremendous number of jobs, and they're going to be skilled jobs, and these are people that will be trained, really trained, and trained well.

Right.

This is -- this is -- yeah.

It's a good point. That's exactly right.

That is right.

Training. And if you look at the companies, those are the great companies

Right. It's all private funded.

Absolutely. Walmart, so many great companies. They're going to be here at 3 o'clock today. They'll be - we're going to be having a big conference. Everybody's here, and we're talking about almost 4 million jobs.

Right. No, but I -- I think it's maybe as good as it's ever been, ever. I mean, companies -- what I really am happy about is a lot of cash is coming back in through the billions and trillions of dollars, as you know, that was overseas, where companies were locked and they couldn't get it back. Now, it's coming back, hundreds of millions of dollars at a clip.

And also, companies are coming back to our country. We have record numbers of companies coming back in. They're coming back. They're pouring back in. And they're going to Michigan, and they're going to Ohio, and Pennsylvania, and so many different states. And people can't believe what's happening. We're really doing well.

You know, I put a -- I -- I -- I put a very good man in the Fed. I don't necessarily agree with it, because he's raising interest rates. I'm not saying that I agree with it, and I don't necessarily agree with it.

I must tell you, I don't.

I'm not thrilled, because, you know, we go up, and every time you go up, they want to raise rates again. And I don't really -- I am not happy about it. But at the same time, I'm letting them do what they feel is best.

But I don't like all of this work that goes into what we're doing. You look at the euro, you look at what's going on with the E.U., and they're not doing what we're doing. And we already have somewhat of a disadvantage, although I'm turning that into an advantage.

You know, last year, and for years, we've been losing $150 billion with the E.U. nations, with the European Union, and they're making money easy, and their currency is falling. And China, their currency is dropping like a rock. And our currency is going up. And I can't -- I have to tell you, it puts us at a disadvantage.

Now, I'm just saying the same thing that I would have said as a private citizen. So somebody would say, "Oh, maybe you shouldn't say that as a president." I couldn't care less what they say, because my views haven't changed.

I don't like all of this work that we're putting into the economy, and then I see rates going up. I see China, where they're -- I mean, look at what's happening with their currency. It's dropping like a rock. And the E.U...

Well, it's also -- like, I think I'm helping, OK, you want to know the truth, because I'm doing something. We're going to, you know, level out the playing field, just because...

Sure.

Right, yeah.

This is the time.

This is the time.

You know the expression, "We're playing with the bank's money," right? We're up almost 40 percent.

Yeah.

So, Joe, I could have a much easier life, if I wanted to do it incorrectly. It would be much easier for me. Sitting here, I could just let all of these countries continue onward with these massive deficits.

I mean, honestly, I don't want to use the word, because it's a highly respected show, but they are taking advantage of us, OK? I'll use a different set of words. They are taking advantage of us.

I know, but it's not as good as the other word. You know what the other word is.

We are being taken advantage of.

And I don't like it, and I haven't liked it for many years. China, with China, $507 billion a year in deficits. With the E.U., $151 billion. With Mexico, $120 billion. Mexico -- who would think Mexico? Mexico's making a fortune. Plus they have a -- we -- they have a tax. We don't have a tax. They have a tax on top of that, and the tax is almost 17 percent -- a VAT tax.

And you look -- I could go through every country. I could -- I could talk about Japan. I could talk about -- they're very good allies, but no wonder they're good. I mean, the -- the deficits, the money they're making off the United States.

Now, I would have a higher stock market right now. It's already up almost 40 percent, as you know, since the election. It could be 80 percent if I didn't want to do this. But ultimately, what I'm doing is making it so it's right.

And we'll also start cutting expenses, by the way.

Oh, tremendous hope, and...

How does this...

Go ahead.

Right.

He -- he should.

Yeah.

I don't want them to be scared. I want them to do well. I -- I really like President Xi a lot. But it's -- it was very unfair, so I raised $50 billion. We're down $500 billion. Now, some people would say $375 billion. I'm not talking about million, I'm not talking about pennies. I'm talking about, we're down $375 billion, but other estimates could say $507 billion. It doesn't matter. So it's in between there, or it's there. We're down a tremendous amount.

I raised $50 billion, and they matched us. I say, "You don't match us. You can't match us, because otherwise, we're always going to be behind the eight ball."

Joe Kernan

We've got to go to $500 billion.

So I did -- I -- I...

I just -- well, I actually think that's well. If it does, it does. Look, I'm not this for politics. I'm doing this...

I'm doing this to do the right thing for our country. We have been ripped off by China for a long time. And I told that to President Xi. I said, "How did this ever happen?"

And you know what their answer is? Because I deal with the highest echelons of China. One of the great people of China said, "There was never anybody to talk to in the United States. We would put on a trade barrier where you couldn't sell cars, or you couldn't sell beef, or you couldn't sell your farm products.

We would put it, and nobody would talk to us in the United States, so we said, 'Hey, that's great.' Then we'd put on another one. We'd put on a tariff on cars, 25 percent, and you'd charge us virtually nothing, 2.5 percent, but they don't pay it. So we would do this, and nobody would talk. We'd start off at a lower number, we'd raise it, we'd raise it. Nobody would ever complain..."

...until you came along. Me. And they said, "Now, you're doing more than complaining. We don't like what you're doing." You know, they think I'm doing, maybe, too much, but of course they're going to think that.

But for many years -- and I'm not just saying Obama. I'm saying...

...Bush, and I'm saying long before -- they had nobody. And it's very interesting, because I actually asked them the question: So we're down $507 billion -- recently -- we're down $507 billion...

...in trade deficits. How did it happen? And they told me, "Nobody ever complained. Nobody ever talked to us."

Yeah.

Yeah, I would say it's in the works. Look, we had a tremendous discussion on many things: terrorism, Syria, the Middle East overall, Iran. We talked about, as an example, nuclear proliferation. There's nothing -- to me, there's nothing more important than that. We had a tremendous meeting. We had a -- I think it was a very good press conference. I mean, I -- except for the fake news, I really think I did very well at the press conference, .

Second meeting, yeah.

We got along very well. Look, the fact is, we got along very well. We, I think, could do great things for his country, but for our country. I'm interested in our country. I'm also interested in the world.

I'd like to see peace. And I think we can do great things for the world. I think we can do... Now, that includes China, that includes others. I'm doing very well getting along with countries. Getting along is a good thing, not a bad thing.

But I think I'd have a good relationship with Putin.

I do. I do.

Even you, which is almost impossible, right?

Yeah.

Yeah.

And -- and by the way, that's good for everybody.

Right.

Sure, sure.

OK.

No. I have nothing to do with Russia. I never did. That other deal was a big hoax. It's a hoax.

The Russia -- it's called the Democrat hoax. It's a big, fat hoax. I have nothing to do with Russia. And I think you know that. You would know. You've known me for a long time, OK?

You think I'm dealing in Russia?

Yeah.

So I had a meeting that lasted for more than two hours. It wasn't always conciliatory in the meeting.

No, but we discussed many of the points I just said.

And basically, that's what we discussed. We discussed lots of good things for both countries, frankly. But there are things that we can do for both countries that are very good.

Now, we then go to a news conference. I mean, I had these -- some of these fools from the media saying, "Why didn't you stand there, look him in the face, walk over to him, and start shouting at him?" I said, "Are these people crazy? I want to make a deal. I want to make a deal. You can't do that."

And we've been having a bad relationship with Russia for many years. And you know, that may be wrong. I -- it may be that you can't do anything. It may -- that's very possible. But I'm different than other presidents. I'm a dealmaker. I've made deals all my life. I do really well. I -- I make great deals. You know it, because you've covered them for a long time, Joe. And I think if we can get along with Russia and other countries...

It doesn't hurt, OK? It doesn't hurt.

Maybe, in the computer. I mean, maybe. It probably doesn't hurt, you know. But I'm not even looking at it that way. I'm just saying if we could do certain things on terrorism -- as an example, we found out that in St. Petersburg, a little more than a year ago, there was going to be a very major terrorist attack -- St. Petersburg, Russia.

We called them and let them know. They were able to nab this very vicious gang of terrorists. They got them.

I assume they are someplace right now that maybe you don't even want to know about. I don't know what they did with them, OK?

And I don't care. But wait a minute.

They thanked us profusely. This was going to be a major attack. We found out about it, and we gave them that information. That's a good thing. And Putin called me up -- President Putin called me up and he said, "I want to thank you very much." That would have been a major attack in St. Petersburg. We informed them. I don't think anybody even knows about that.

These are good things. They inform us. They can inform us. Getting along is a good thing, not a bad thing. The fake news, they want to make it like where there's a big confrontation. I don't want to play that game. I don't want to go into that game.

Yeah. Let -- let me just say this.

With that being said, I have been far tougher on Russia than any president in many, many years, maybe ever. Even -- even the big fight I have with Germany over the fact that they're taking natural gas, they're taking...

...energy from Russia, paying them billions of dollars -- I said, "Wait a minute. We're supposed to be protecting you from Russia, and you're paying them billions of dollars. What's that all about?" Now, do you think that's a positive for Russia? I'm talking them out of things that they -- where they're giving billions of dollars.

It's ridiculous, by the way, that that's happening. And then on top of that, Germany pays a fraction of what they should be paying for defense. We're supposed to defend them. So they're paying Russia, and we're supposed to defend them from Russia. So just -- you just look at that point.

But look at the sanctions I've put on. Look at the diplomats I threw out. Look at all of the things that I've done. Nobody else did what I've done. Obama didn't do it. Obama was a patsy for Russia. He was a total patsy. Look at the statement he made, when he thought the mics were turned off, OK? The stupid statement he made. Nobody does a big deal about that.

Getting along with President Putin, getting along with Russia's a positive, not a negative.

Now, with that being said, if that doesn't work out, I'll be the worst enemy he's ever had -- the worst he's ever had.

No, no, I think -- I think he knows that, though.

I'll be his worst nightmare. But I don't think it'll be that way. I actually think we'll have a good relationship.

Ninety percent.

Ninety percent, think of it, the two countries.

Thank you very much, Joe. Thank you.

Thank you.