Thank you very much, Joe.

I've known you a long time.

And we've done many of these, but a little bit different position. I was a developer.

Couple of more people.

So when I decided to come to Davos I didn't think in terms of elitists or globalists. I think I thought in terms of lots of people that want to invest lots of money, and they're all coming back to the United States, they're coming back to America. And I thought of it much more in those terms.

After I said that I was going there were massive stories about the elite, and the globalists, and the planes flying in, and everything else. It's not about that. It's about coming to America, investing your money, creating jobs, companies coming in. We're setting records every week, every day we're setting records.

You see what's going on. Apple now with $350 billion. Most people thought they meant $350 million, which would build a nice plant. But I spoke with Tim Cook and I was very honored. But you remember my campaign, I used to say, "I won't consider this great unless Apple starts coming in and really investing big money doing the plants."" They're gonna do a lot."

... but so many companies are coming in and so many jobs ...

There's a lot of room. And we love global, but we love home. We have to take care of our home.

Now, we have the disadvantage of having spent, as of about a month ago, $7 trillion in the Middle East. $7 trillion. That's a big disadvantage. And we're still there, and I've beaten ISIS, I've done--we've done a good job. But it's such a shame. It's such a sad, sad thing.

Go ahead.

Right.

Sure.

Good. Good.

And that's why I'm here. To a large extent, that's why I'm here. I think that the tax plan has been even better than we thought, Joe. What did happen that nobody considered is that AT&T started, but they immediately followed ...

Hundreds of companies are giving thousands and thousands of dollars to their workers. And now you have almost 3 million workers that are receiving thousands of dollars. Nobody ever thought -- that was not, like, in the plan ...

Yeah, even Starbucks, yesterday Disney and others. I mean ...

By the way, the ones that aren't doing it, those employees are going like, "How about us?"" Guess what? They're gonna be doing it

Now that you've seen what's happened to the stock market, up 40 percent since Election Day, how businesses are growing confidence, are you happy with the outcome?" And he said -- he couldn't really say

No. I don't think -- they can't do that.

He can't do it ...

It's OK.

That was Lloyd?

And Jamie's become very positive ...

I think it'll be much higher than that. So I said and let's see what happens, because as you know, we're getting a report very soon, so we're going to see what that is. But I just happened to ask what we were doing. Because you know, if you look at the real numbers, had I not won, had the Democrat won -- I'm going to be nice -- the Democrat, I say, won -- I would consider their last quarter my first quarter. Because you know, I just got there.

So let's say the first quarter of '17 you had a 1.2 GDP. OK? 1.2. In the fourth quarter, which is the Obama quarter, you had a 1.8. Before that, you had a 2.8, a 2.2. You had -- weren't doing very well. And it was the worst recovery -- I guess do they say ever, or since the Great Depression? But it was the worst recovery.

OK. Now, in my first quarter, which I consider to be the second quarter because I was there now long enough to have made an impact and don't kid yourself, regulations are just as big as the tax cuts. I've cut more regulations than any president in history and I've been here for one year.

You can take their term whether it's eight years or 16 years in one instance -- but you can take anybody you want, in one year, we've cut more regulations. And by the way, there's going to be regulation but they're good, solid, sane regulations.

But in quarter two, we had 3.1, and in quarter three, as you know, we had 3.2. But in quarter one, which is the Obama quarter -- really the last, I would say, Obama quarter, you had 1.2. We were going in the wrong direction.

Had the Democrat won -- the stock market is up almost 50 percent since my election -- had the Democrat won, I believe you would have been down 50. That's the direction we were headed. And you know, a lot of that, regulation. It was staggering. You could not do anything. You couldn't build -- I approved immediately -- the two pipelines, 48,000 jobs ...

Yes.

Yeah. It's difficult.

Well, a lot of people have given me an A. Somebody gave me an A-plus. So look, I got the biggest tax plan in our history approved. And don't forget, not just a tax plan.

I got rid of the ...

Joe, one second. I got rid of the individual mandate, the most -- the biggest part and the most unpopular thing in Obamacare, which really repeals Obamacare, because it can't live without the mandate, because that's where a lot of the money came. It was very unfair to people. And we did ANWR . ANWR, Ronald Reagan tried to do it 40 years ago.

I mean, everybody's been trying to do ANWR, and I got ANWR done as part of that same bill. So on top of the biggest tax cuts, great reform and the money is coming in. I mean, the money is pouring in. We probably take in $4 trillion from overseas that would never have been able to be here because of regulation.

And taxes. Yeah.

Yeah.

Whatever it is.

It's time ...

I like bilateral because if you have a problem, you terminate. When you're in with many countries, like with TPP -- so you have 12 if we were in -- you don't have that same, you know, you don't have that same option. But somebody asked me other day would I do TPP.

Here's my answer. I'll give you a big story. I would do TPP if we made a much better deal than we had. We had a horrible deal. The deal was a horrible deal. NAFTA's a horrible deal, we're renegotiating it. I may terminate NAFTA, I may not. We'll see what happens. But NAFTA was and I went around and I'd tell stadiums full of people, "I'll terminate it or renegotiate it."""

I'm only saying this: I would do TPP if we were able to make a substantially better deal. The deal was terrible. The way it was structured was terrible. If we did a substantially better deal I would be open to TPP.

Are you surprised to hear me say that?

Don't be surprised, no. But we have to make a better deal ...

The deal was a bad deal, like the Iran deal is a bad deal ...

These are bad deals.

Hey Joe, we have a trade deficit with Mexico. Mexico, $71 billion a year, right? We have a trade deficit with Canada of a substantial amount of money. I have a number but they keep arguing, they keep saying no -- so I won't say it. I won't tell you it's $17 million, OK? We have a trade deficit with Canada. We have a massive trade deficit with Mexico. Got to do something. We can't continue to do this ...

I've always said during the campaign and as you noticed and as you've actually said a couple of times, which I've always appreciated, I have fulfilled a lot of what I've said. And I'm only here a year. You know, I think I have four years and maybe another four years, OK, if we keep going ...

We'll see what happens. But Joe, we have a $71 billion a year trade deficit with Mexico. We got to do something. We can't have that. So will it be renegotiated? We're trying right now with  Bob Lighthizer and the whole group. I think we have a good chance but we'll see what happens.

Yeah.

He made a mistake in shutting down. He shouldn't have shut down. People of this country want security, they want safety, they want their military to be taken care of.

Well, we've already started the process ...

I think Cotton, and Perdue and Goodlatte, and the people that I've been dealing with -- Cornyn, so many of the people -- these are great people. These are people that really have shifted a lot. They've really shifted a lot, and I think they're willing to shift more, and so am I.

We're going to see. If we make the right deal. I think they will. These are people that have very strong opinions on DACA and on immigration generally. And I happen to think they're largely right. Look, we're going to try and make a deal on DACA. We have a good chance of making it. What we need is we need the wall, we need security, we need security at the border. We have to stop the drugs from coming in. We need safety and we need a strong military.

We need almost more than ever before -- I mean, we've been in wars so we needed it then -- but we need to be sure that our military is properly funded, and it would be really great to get rid of the, you know, we'd like to have a regular budget.

We're asking ...

We agreed to $25 billion ...

Yeah, sure. He took it back but, you know, that's ...

But he didn't really take it back. If you see numerous senators on the other side they said, "We'd give the wall in two minutes if we could do something with DACA."" Everybody wants to solve the DACA problem. They've been wanting to solve it for a long time. It should've been solved by President Obama. It would've been easier to solve it

And by the way, the court -- it wasn't me. The courts were not upholding that executive order. You have to do it through Congress. I want to solve the DACA problem. I will consider that a great achievement to solve the DACA problem. It's been out there for a long time. These are good people, these are people that should be able to stay in this country. We're going to solve the DACA problem.

But we also want to solve a tremendous problem on the southern border, which is crime. We need a wall, we need the drugs to stop flowing in. They are coming in like -- well, they're coming in less now than they were because we have a very strong -- we have great Border Patrol agents, great ICE -- we have great people and they are really doing a good job. And you see what's happening at the border, it's much better.

But we need a strong border. And to do that you need a wall. And they did agree to a $25 billion wall, of which I'll have a lot of money left over. Because I don't need $25 billion to build a wall. We'll build a great -- that's what I do.

We'll build a great wall and we'll have a lot of money left over, and we'll spend it on other things. But we need great security. And yes, Senator Perdue, Senator Cotton, Cornyn, this one, that one, we have tremendous support to get something done. Tremendous, Joe. And I think something will get done.

Big problem.

Different country.

We need vocational schools. We need the community colleges in many cases ...

Oh, I think it's a big factor for us. But I also want these great companies that are coming in -- Toyota's now coming in. We talked already about Apple. Apple's coming in with a very big presence. We had many companies -- Chrysler's coming in, leaving Mexico and coming back to Michigan. I mean, how good is that?

When was the last time you heard that? And without me being here and without what we've been doing including regulation, by the way, because I happen to think that regulation is as big as the tax cuts, OK? I think the tax cuts are incredible.

But I think the regulations, the cutting of regulations -- because the businesses couldn't even -- they couldn't do anything. They were totally bound. You'd have to get 16 different approvals from 15 different agencies. Hey Joe, it was impossible to do business. And I think you know that maybe better than anybody. The cutting of the regulations was every bit as important as what we did with the tax cuts.

But you put them both together and we have a dynamic country again. I mean, everybody's talking. I just came out and some really wonderful people said, "Davos has never been like this."" This is like walking into the Academy Awards

So let me tell you, I think they were taken out of context because I read his exact statement. I'll tell you where I stand, which ultimately is very important. No. 1, I don't like talking about it because, frankly, nobody should be talking about it.

It should be what it is. It should also be based on the strength of the country. We are doing so well, our country is becoming so economically strong again -- and strong in other ways too, by the way -- that the dollar is going to get stronger and stronger. And ultimately, I want to see a strong dollar. Right now it floats. But it's your great reserve currency. There can never be anything even close to it. There is nothing close to it, there never will be.

But ultimately the dollar, because our country is going to get so much stronger economically, if you look at what's happened to our country over the -- look, I've been talking about this with you for 25 years. Trade. It started with Japan, morphed into China, now it's China, Japan, it's everybody.

And everybody has taken advantage of our country. They have ripped our country off. You look at what they do. I saw something on motorcycles today with a certain country. Why should I say? But they sell motorcycles into our country, no tax. We sell motorcycles into their country -- Harley-Davidsons, the greatest, right? We sell them into their country, 100 percent tax. Not going to happen.

The word "reciprocal"" is the most important word with Donald Trump when it comes to what the subject that we talk about and the subject that CNBC covers so well -- especially you

If they're going to charge us 100 percent for a motorcycle, it should be 100 percent the other way, too. And you know, when you mention a tax at the border, a 10 percent tax on the border for everything coming in, I'm a free trader. Totally. I'm a fair trader. I'm all kinds of trader, but I want reciprocal.

Because when China's charging us a fortune to send products in and making it impossible for the product to get there -- and many other countries, by the way, not just China. China's the biggest. And then we charge them nothing to sell their stuff here. It's not fair. When you use the word "reciprocal"" everybody understands that. If they do it to you

I don't think the Democrats would shut it down again.

No. Because you look at every poll, it said they made a mistake.

I don't want to say Schumer got badly beaten. Why should I do that? I'm negotiating with someone -- I'm not going to say he got badly beaten. But you look at what happened. The people want security and they want DACA taken care of. But more importantly, they want security, they want the borders strong, they want to have a strong border. They don't want to have MS-13 coming into our cities.

You know how many of these people were getting out? These are horrible, horrible human beings. And they came here as horrible human beings. And Joe, it sounds terrible. They don't shoot somebody, they cut them up into little pieces because it's more painful. I don't want them -- we are taking them out by the thousands. By the thousands.

We don't want them coming in, but we're going to take care of DACA. Nobody wants to take care of DACA more than myself and the Republican Party. And the Republican Party is unified at a level that Paul Ryan called me the other day. He said, "I have to tell you

For many decades I've never seen the Republican Party unified like it is under your presidency." And that -- that was Paul Ryan. And I thought that was a very nice statement

Thank you very much, Joe. It's been an honor. We've known each other for a long time.

Well, thank you very much. Thank you. Well good, I hope so. Thank you Jim, I appreciate it.