Well, really more than anything else, it's a message of law and order. I've been very strong on that, and I think most people happen to agree. Democrats don't agree. But most people happen to agree. We need safety. We need law and order. We need to make sure people come into our country in a legal fashion, and we'll be talking about that today.

We're going to be talking about -- our crime statistics have been very good. In Chicago, we're going to send a new -- it's going to be a pretty big story I think, 'cause we're going to send people out there to take care of the Chicago situation, which has been handled locally, and it's just unacceptable what's going over there.

But we have been really doing well in terms of law and order, in terms of crime statistics -- as you well know -- throughout the country. So we're very proud of that.

We're gonna have people from Justice Department, from FBI, we're going to have people to help them in Chicago, because locally they have let that get out of control. And it's unacceptable to me, and it's unacceptable to everybody. It's no good, and whatever they're doing, they're doing it wrong. So we want to help them, or get involved in some way.

But you cannot let that happen. Chicago's a great city. You cannot let that happen.

Well I don't think so. If you look at Ron DeSantis, he's doing fantastically well. I backed him from the beginning. He's great. He's doing a fantastic job, he'll be a great governor. His opponent runs a place that has a lot of problems, and I know it very well, but it's got a lot of problems, tremendous corruption.

Tremendous crime. This is not what you want to run Florida. His opponent is, I think, a horrible choice. And Ron DeSantis is a winner, and I've been with him all the way. Rick Scott is with me right now. I mean, we just drove over the car together. Rick will be a fantastic U.S. senator. We've been friends for a long time.

He was a great governor, he'll be a great senator. And, no, everyone wants my endorsement, actually. They all want my endorsement. I think I was 48-and-1 for the -- for the primaries. And I think we'll do equally as well, or almost as well. I guess that's a pretty good number to beat. But, almost as well on the general election.

I -- they won our support, because, not only the poll numbers are very good, but what we've done with, now, the trade deal, with now putting a second Supreme Court justice -- who people really like -- the Democrats who are ruthless and vicious, what they try to do to him. But who people really like. Now Justice -- you call it, now Justice Kavanaugh was -- you know, nobody's done more in a short period of time that we have.

So, in the state of Florida, this is my essentially -- it's my home. I'm here all the time, and love it. Spend a lot of time in Miami. We have a lot of people in Florida that I've been, in my previous life, that are with us all the way, and it's a great state. We love Florida.

Yes, I think they're working on it right now. I think they have a date already, and it'll be a big rally, and Ron deserves it. Ron is a hard worker. He was a great congressman, and he will be an incredible governor and again, his opponent, if you look at what's going on, just take a look at the crime statistics, take a look at what's happening with corruption in that area.

It's terrible, what's going on. So his opponent has a lot of problems. And I don't know if they talk about those problems, but I will. His opponent runs an area, and a city, that's got among the worst statistics in the country, and certainly in the state.

I don't know, but I think -- I would imagine so. He's here right now.

Oh, that I don't know, but I can tell you, he's here right now, he's going to speak, and he's going to introduce me.

Well, I don't think so, but I think that it certainly would be nice to have the governor, more importantly for Florida would be nice. If his opponent get elected -- gets elected, you'll have Venezuela. Florida will become another Venezuela, and that is not good, and I'll tell you, Ron DeSantis would be a fantastic governor.

So I think he will win. He should win, certainly on the merits. Great student, great talent, very smart, hardworking, and he's a good manager. And, likewise with Rick Scott. I mean, he's gonna -- he's gonna, I mean, what he did, for instance, with Okeechobee, and the flood relief and all that he needs, he got it. And I'm working on it now with all our people.

But that was because of Rick Scott's initiative, and you know what I'm talking, about with the flood planning and the dike --

-- having to do with Okeechobee, an area that I know very well. But every time, you know, they have large rainfall, there's tremendous damage caused, and we're going to get that, and it's a substantial amount of money, it's a tremendous amount of money. But I'm doing that because Rick Scott and his initiative -- they really wanted it, they wanted it badly for the people of Florida.

So, no, I think Rick is going to be fantastic -- I think he'll be a fantastic Senator.

I hope it's a little bit, at least, but it could be a lot. And that's good, 'cause, as you know, we've just gotten tremendous polling numbers, if you look at Rasmussen. I think we're at 52, and they think it's 52 plus something. So I think, it could be a lot. I hope it's a lot because I think people will do better if it is.