Thank you very much.

It's my honor. For you, it's my honor.

You've always been fair.

I don't mess around.

So Foxconn is one of the great companies of the world. They're building this incredible plant, a plant like, practically, I would say, we don't have in our country. You know, they make all of the... most of the things for Apple.

And Tim Cook was telling me he,... I said Tim, until you do this, until you get something done, meaning get the people that make the Apple product, I will never consider myself a success, economically, with respect to the presidency, and Foxconn came up. They're an incredible company they're building an incredible plant.

And, you'll see, I guess it's 14... 15,000 jobs. And I was very involved. I actually recommended Wisconsin I recommended it very strongly, and I have to tell you, Scott Walker has done a fantastic job, because I handed the ball to him. He took it over. I actually picked the site from a helicopter.

I picked the site. So I'm very proud of the work that I gave the ball to Scott and he got it done. Very few people can do that.

Well I think it's going to be great, because they're going to expand. I know all about Foxconn. It's one of the great companies of the world. And they're going to be expanding, and they will go step-by-step, and it'll go quickly too. It's going to go very quickly. They're already talking about expanding. It's an incredible thing for Wisconsin to get.

Now, a Democrat, is always going to say that. You could make the deal ten times better, and they're going to say, oh gee, you could have done better. The fact is the deal he made is incredible. The deal that Wisconsin made, because every state in the union, virtually, wanted, yet Foxconn, and Wisconsin has it, so that's a big deal.

Yeah

Well, what we're doing is other nations have been really hurting this country. They're taking advantage of the United States. We have massive trade deficits with China, with the European Union, with, frankly, Mexico, with a lot of them, and we're reversing that, and reversing it very quickly.

And in fact, I was the one, two years ago, when... a year ago, was telling Harley, why are you paying tariffs like that with respect to India, because India was judging them 100 percent tariff. And we were doing that, and then I was very disappointed because we're bringing trade right back down, we're balancing it out, and we're getting taxes way down. You watch what happens very soon.

So I was disappointed in Harley, because I like Harley, and I was disappointed that they would be moving some of their operation to another country. I don't like that. Now, no President has ever said that before, because I guess you're not supposed to say it. But I can say it. I'm disappointed in Harley Davidson. I don't like him leaving this country.

Oh, we're going to have tremendous success. We've been robbed by many countries. Many of these are allies and friends and, frankly, some of our friends treated us on trade worse than the enemies. We will have that straightened out fairly quickly. I'm... look, the longer it takes, the better the deal we're going to make for our country.

Our farmers are precluded from making deals. You know it's very hard for our farmers, and as an example, to sell into Canada, and yet Canada sells into us. It's all taking place. It's all good. We have countries calling us right now, really, wanting to make deals, and we're going to make great deals. But we had the worst trade deals of any country anywhere in the world, no matter where you looked.

Every country was ripping us, and we're not going to let that happen anymore. And we're on the way to getting it back. We've already made a deal with South Korea. That's a tremendous... I mean, much better than what it was. And you'll see what happens.

Have a good time. See you later. Bye.