Well, I feel good. Ron DeSantis, who I've known for a long time, would be an incredible governor for Florida. He's really smart. He's just committed to the state, loves this state, loves the people. And Rick Scott has been one of the great governors of all time, and he's running for the Senate. He's the hardest worker, and he's a big producer.

He brings back what he has to bring back. And -- so I think Rick is doing very well for the Senate. I hear Ron DeSantis is doing -- I just saw a poll, where he's doing very well for Governor, and I'm here in their honor, really.

Well, if you look at his tenure at Tallahassee, how bad it's been. It's been horrible, and one of the worst of the country. You look at what happened with him with the tickets, and all of the other things that go on, the trips with the FBI posing as a developer, I guess is what they say. I mean that's what they're saying.

It's very serious stuff. And then you look at the corruption in Tallahassee. It's terrible what's going on. So, the questions is, I, mean, I'm a big resident of Florida. This is my second home. In many ways, it's my first home, and I want to see somebody who's really capable and straight and good be governor of the state.

And, you look at what's happened with him, it's terrible.

Well, I'd love to win. I mean, it's very important to me. I won Florida and -- in '16, and relatively easily, and it's just a great state. I love the people in Florida. I'm here -- you see the crowd outside. It's incredible, and outside of the arena, which is full, they have thousands of people. I mean, it's just been -- just been a great state for me from day one.

It's always been good. I don't know if I was ever behind. And they spent so much money on it with negative ads. I looked for just, you know millions and millions, and the people in Florida, they get it. They're really good. They're really smart. So I hope they go with Rick Scott and Ron DeSantis, and they're going to have two tremendous people.

Well, a lot of it's the press, the media. We went to Pittsburgh, and it was so beautiful. It was obviously very horrible and sad and solemn, and I mean, I've never seen anything quite like it. It was terrible. But it was -- it was, in terms of the love, it was a beautiful thing going on. The rabbi was great, and the first responders and the SWAT teams and the police were incredible.

And we came back home, and we thought it was really something special. And that night, and the next day, all we did is get trashed in the papers, that there were protests -- tiny little protests that were so far away from us, and it was really unfair. It was fake news. I mean, it was fake news. So, I-- I think -- I think it's great unity.

What we want is strength. We have to be strong at the borders. We have to be strong with the law enforcement. We have to stop crime, and we've done that. You know, we're setting record numbers in terms of lowering crime all over the country. But we have to be strong with borders and places like that. You see what's happening, where people are coming up by the thousands, and it's going to be very interesting.

But people are not coming in unless they come in legally. And, people respect that, and they want that, and women respect that. Women want safety. That's why I'm doing well with women now, and I did, as you know, I did very well in the election. But, because they want safety, they want security, it's very important.

Right.

There's more than one. There's actually a few of them, and one of them is very violent, actually.

Well it does. A woman comes over, a person comes over to have a baby on the land, and the baby becomes a citizen of the United States, and then the family comes in with the baby, and the whole thing is ridiculous. It's not right. Think of it this way: a general who's on an opposing army and we're at war, comes into the United States.

They have a baby. He's not here. They have a baby. The baby's a citizen of the United States, and yet the father is the enemy of our country? It's ridiculous. And, it's not the 14th Amendment. It's going to be -- I think it's going to be challenged. I know it is going to be challenged, because I'm going to challenge it, and we don't want that.

It cost billions of dollars a year, and it's very unfair to the people that live here. And the one that really -- the ones that really are with me on this are Hispanics. Hispanics are very much -- and believe it or not, China is just about the biggest user of this. China. Not, you know -- it's not even South America.

It's China. So, we are moving along on it, and we're going to stop all forms of illegal immigration. Now, at the same time, we want people to come into our country. We need it, because we have so many companies coming here, but they're going to come in legally. And that's what people want, and they want safety.

Great honor, thank you. Okay, thank you very much.