Good to see you.

I'm good.

Come on, let's sit down.

Thank you. Thank you

I mean, I think it was absolutely perfect. We have a great relationship with your Prime Minister. We did really well and we had meetings actually at breakfast, lunch, dinner; then at breakfast, lunch.

You eat a lot. And... No, we really did well. We did fantastically well with NATO. It's all together now. People are paying and they're paying quickly. We met with the queen.

Well, first of all, I was thinking about my mother. My mother passed away a while ago and she was a tremendous fan of the queen. She thought she was a woman of elegance and, you know, she's led a perfect life, it seems, right? Just no trouble. Just a great woman.

And my mother felt she was a great woman. And I remember, even as a little guy, if there was any kind of a ceremony having to do with the Queen, my mother would be watching the television. She wanted to see it.

I was walking up and I was thinking "Can you imagine my mother seeing the scene?" Windsor... Windsor Castle. And it was beautiful. It was really beautiful but the queen is terrific.

Yeah. She is so sharp, so wise, so beautiful. You know, up close, I mean, you see, she's so beautiful and just has... Looks she's a very special person. And the way she's conducted herself so many years... And she's got a lot of years left. She's got a lot of years left.

Yes.

Well, it was a very easy talk. It was very easy. You know, it's hard to talk to somebody if you're sort of... if there's not that something special.

Well, I don't want to speak for her but I can tell you I liked her. So usually that helps. But I liked her a lot.

Welcome, just welcome. Just very elegant and very beautiful. It's really something special.

I did. I told her. I said "You know, my mother was your big fan." She was born in Stornoway, the Hebrides. And that's very serious Scotland, as you know. There's no... there's no doubt about that. But she loves Scotland and she so admired and respected the Queen. And that was a long time ago. The Queen is ... I guess Harry Truman was the first president that she got to meet and know and she went through a whole list. But it was a very nice moment, Piers. Very nice

Well, I think it's good. I think a lot of people are seeing some of the things that are happening. I mean, whether it's North Korea... In all fairness, again, no missile shots, no testing, etc. etc. That's a big deal and I think a lot of good things are going to come out of that.

I do. I do. I don't know Harry but I like him.

Yeah, yeah.

Yeah. No, I like Harry. I've always liked Harry. I like the whole family, to be honest. I really think... I think the whole family, they have a good energy. For me, they have a good energy.

I did.

She said it's a very... and she's right... it's a very complex problem. I think nobody had any idea how complex that was going to be.

Everyone thought "Oh, it's simple. We join, we don't join. Let's see what happens." Who would have thought this was going to be...

Well, I can't talk. You know, I've heard very strongly from a lot of people. You just don't talk about that conversation with the Queen, right? You don't want that.

Sure.

It's not hard, as they call it. It's not a hard Brexit. And, of course, I'm not a student of this other than I see it and I see what's going on. As you remember, I predicted it. I predicted that was going to happen. And then shortly after that some other event happened that turned out to blow up a lot of...

I guess, I guess.

No, no, I think my position is the same. I just think it's really their choice. And if you speak to the Prime Minister, she's really saying "No, it is Brexit, it is what it was but we're leaving..."

Well, honestly, it's not for me to say.

Yeah, I know.

Well, that was a bad... I mean, look, I think it's worse for the UK than it is for us.

Because we're doing very well. We're doing very well in trade. We're doing incredibly well overall. We're having the best numbers we've ever had as a country ever.

We would make a tremendously big deal.

That's true.

It should've been you're going to put the UK first. And we're going to argue and we're going to fight and we're going to end up making a deal.

I've always never liked it when we talked about, you know, every country we're going to be... We are putting America first but you have to put your country first and other people have to put their country first.

We would make a great deal with the United Kingdom because they have product that we like. I mean they have a lot of great product. They make phenomenal things. And you have different names you can say England, you can say UK, you can say United Kingdom. You know so many different names. Great Britain. I always say "Which one do you prefer? Great Britain?" You understand what I'm saying.

Right, yeah. No, I know but a lot of people don't know that but you have lots of different. The fact is you make a great products, you make great things, you have really incredible... even your farm product is so fantastic.

Well, I think we're going to have a great trade. I really have no doubt about it. We're going to get it. Now, if they do whatever they do, they have to I... I said "Make sure you have a carve-out. You're not calling it a carve-out from Brexit. You have to have a carve-out."

I think, no matter what happens they're going to have carve-outs and they're going to make a deal.

Well, she feels she's going to be able to make a deal, yeah. And, again, I have to tell you, I really like her. Now, I got to know her better over the last two days than I have in the past because I spent a lot more time but I really like her. And then they said "Do you like Boris too?" I said "I really like him." He's been very generous to me over the last three years, I would say, very positive but I think she's working very hard and I think she's doing a good job.

Well, I recommended her something. I gave her an option. I'd rather not tell you what that option is but I think she might but I gave her an option. It's not too late for her to do that necessarily. I said that BREIT was going to happen for a specific reason, immigration. I think the people of the UK want to have who they want in their country.

Sure, he is. He's ruthless but so are others. You don't have borders, you don't have a country.

I think what's happening all over Europe is very sad. Not in every country. There are certain countries, Hungary and others...

I think it depends where they are, who they are, educational levels, work levels. I think it depends on a lot of things, Piers, and I just see what's happening. The crime is through the roof in some places that never had crime. I'm not going to mention specific countries but you can pick the country and you can see what's happening. Some of the countries would not take it. And they're being really admonished by the European Union for not doing it.

You look at Hungary, as an example. They're not agreeing to do what some of the other countries did. Now, it's a very tough thing. On a humanitarian basis, you've got to do something and yet it is changing Europe. It's seriously changing Europe. I'm not the president of Europe. I'm the president of the United States and we have a strong border, we have a tough border, and we have a different problem but similar in certain ways.

And some of them are protesting in my favor. They had many protesters...

It wasn't my policy. Obama had the same policy. Other presidents, President Bush had the same policy. It's not my policy. It's horrible immigration laws that I'll eventually get fixed but these are horrible laws but just so you understand this. As you know Obama, had the same exact policy.

You're right. And I did an executive order putting them all together but this is a law that we have, it's a terrible law and yet, despite that, that sounds very severe but our laws are very weak. It's a terrible thing. In theory, what happens is they come in and they separate.

Well, all I did was go by the law. I actually wrote an executive order saying the parents get back together but the parents are put in jail essentially. They came in illegally. Now, when people come in illegally, they have their kids, there are consequences to that but I still didn't like the idea of separation but we have some very, very bad laws and we're changing those laws, we will be changing those laws.

We have a very strong border. Nobody's been tougher on the border than I have. And we have to. You don't have borders, you don't have a country. And when I come over to Europe and I see what's happening, you don't have too many borders. And I think it's very bad for your various countries.

I'd like to see peace. A lot of people thought I'd be... Most people said "Well, on day one we're going to be at war with Trump as president." Well, here it is. We're getting rid of wars. We're actually getting out of wars.

Look, all I can say is this. When President Obama was in his last couple of years, all they talked about was North Korea. Everybody did. I'm not blaming him. I'm just saying it was a big problem, the testing and all of that. And then when I got in, we took a different approach and there was plenty of testing and plenty of nuclear tests going off and missiles going up and rockets going up.

And I will tell you this, Piers. In the last nine months, there's been no missile test, there's been no nuclear test, there's been no nothing. And we have our hostages back. Our three hostages are right now...

He was on the global stage before. I mean, he was on the global stage before. What have I done? I met with him. The real fakers are really the ones who would say "Oh, you know, what is Trump doing? How can we..." So they say what have I done wrong. I met with him. I met.

I get along with him great. Yeah, I actually did. I got along with him great. He's very smart. Great personality. He's funny and tough. Good negotiator.

Sure, he is. He's ruthless but so are others. I mean, I could name plenty of others that we deal with it that you don't say the same thing about. I mean, we have plenty of the people that I deal with are pretty ruthless people.

I can't tell you that. I assume he probably is but I could name others also. Look, if we can get along with Russia, that's a good thing. Look at what happened just over the last short period of time with NATO. Look, I came in a year ago, I went to a meeting and I said "What's going on over here? They're not paying their dues. This is ridiculous. They're not paying. You got to pay." You can ask Secretary General Stoltenberg, because of me they picked up 34 billion dollars. Do you President Putin is happy about that?

I don't even know why you're asking the question. We have now a much more solid NATO than they've had for years. And last year, since I was elected, we picked up 34 billion dollars extra, additional. I'm not talking about 34, I'm talking about 34 additional. Now, you add that into all of the other things I've done. President Putin has to respect what we've done. I don't know him. I met him a couple of times. I met him at the G20. I think we could probably get along very well.

Somebody said "Are you friends or enemies?" I said "Well it's too early to say but right now I'd say we're competitors" but for Russia and the United States and frankly the UK and other places to get along with Russia and China and all of these other places, Piers, that's a good thing. It's not a bad thing. It's a really good thing.

Well, look, I'm a conservative, as you know, and I have my views but, you know, very specifically, and I did this because I think it's right but I've also been told that it really is the thing to do, I don't talk about it with the various people. I've interviewed a lot of top, top, in this case, world judges. I chose Brett Kavanaugh. He is top of the line in every way. So now he's going through the Senate and the senators are going to be talking about it, they will be asking, he's going to have to answer questions. Let's see how he does.

I do understand but I also understand that that's a 50/50 question in this country. And in fact, now it's 51/49, the way that you wouldn't expect. It's an incredible thing that's going on but it's a very tough thing. He's going to go through a tremendous process over the next probably 60 days and I think he's going to be confirmed and someday in the distant future there could be a vote. There also is a very good chance there won't be a vote. We'll have to see what happens. A case has to get up there. It could be a long time before a case ever gets up there.

I do. I really enjoy it.

Some of it.

But I think... I don't call it tweet. I call it social media because they have five platforms. You have unbelievable numbers of people. You know what I am...

Well, you're right up there. You're doing pretty good.

You're doing pretty good, I'll tell you what, and you were doing it before me. I just find that I think you can... To me, it's a modern day form of communication. I'll see something where somebody says something wrong or says something right and rather than sitting around doing nothing, I'll be able to put out something or in some cases call and say "Put this exact statement out."

I'm very exact . I have so many followers. You know, I have five different platforms you add it all up and it's like over 150 million people. That's a tremendous amount of people. You get the word out. You can really protect yourself from the lies and all of the things that are being said.

It is pretty good.

I have a good plane. We have a good plane.

I've known great planes but this is Air Force One. I think the coolest thing of this plane is it's Air Force One. Now, the best telecommunications I've ever seen in my life. We have defense systems. We have all sorts of things but the coolest thing is it's Air Force One. This is it.

No, not a refurb. I actually ordered a new Air Force One and it's not for me but no president had the courage to do it because a lot of people don't like...

Well, it'll be a long time. It takes a long time to do it. So, hopefully, we'll get some of that at some point.

Well, you never know what happens with health and other things. I mean, let's face it.

I feel good.

Well, I hope so.

Well, that is true.

No, I look forward to it. I mean, I look forward to it.

Well, I fully intend to. It seems like...

No, I don't see anybody. I know them all. I don't see anybody.

Well, I know many of them, I've seen them, I've dealt with them and so far they do not have the right candidate.

She does.

Well, I'm very proud of her. She does an incredible job. And you know, she's very popular.

And she's not a big waver and lets... She's very...

She never runs against... But, no, she's done a fantastic job. She really has. And I think the people are liking the job that I'm doing. You see what's happening with the polls. You look at the Republican Party polls. It's the highest ever, I think. It's the highest ever.

Well, special people, just an incredible place, really, really have loved it. All of my life I have loved it. I think being here in this capacity is something incredible. I'm helping the cause because we work together militarily, we work on terrorism together, we work on so many different things together and I think I'm really helping the cause. We have a very special relationship.

Thank you.

Thank you, Piers.

Now, Piers, get the hell of the plane.