Hello folks.

Good to see you. Nice to see you.

Stand, stand.

Where's your camera? Tell me, right here?

Well, she's very special and she's doing well.

I think it's a very sad situation. He's an outstanding person. And frankly, Sean, to see what's going on is just very, very sad. You say, why didn't somebody call the FBI 36 years ago? I mean, you could also say, when did this all happen? What's going on? To take a man like this and besmirch -- now with that being said, et her have her say, and let's see how it all works out.

But I don't think you can delay it any longer. They've delayed it a week already. And, we're talking about --

I have been accommodating. I say, let her say what she has to say and let's see how it all comes out. But they've delayed it a week, and they have to get on with it.

Great people.

Well, I'm not surprised to hear it. If you look at what's been going on over the last couple of years -- and I'm not just talking about from the time I won the presidency. This took place. when I was winning in the primaries. I mean you look at what's going on -- I'm not surprised to hear anything.

Well it has to come to an end. It's so bad for our country. I call it a witch hunt. It is so bad for our country, and when you see Strzok and Page and McCabe, with his lies, they gets fired for lying. You see all of the things, and Comey for lying and leaking -- you see what went on. It's got to come to an end.

So bad for our country.

A lot of money.

Yup.

Well, we're moving along. We're working along. We're also dealing with foreign countries that do have a problem. I must tell you, I got called today from two very good allies saying, please can we talk? So, it's not as simple as all that. And we do have to respect their wishes. But it'll all come out.

We're doing very well. Well, honestly Korea -- North Korea, South Korea -- things are working out very nicely. Very, very nicely.

Well, it's time to take a stand on China. We have no choice. You know, it's been a long time, they've been hurting us, and our farmers are great, and our farmers are starting to do very well again. It's very interesting. But we're putting very, very heavy sanctions and other things on various countries, and we're getting along with some countries.

But, we've been ripped off, Sean, by the world. All of these countries for years and years and we can't do it any more. So --

We had a good deal with Mexico. Good for both. Good for Mexico, good for us. Everybody's happy. NAFTA was a disaster. We lost thousands of plants. We lost millions of jobs. NAFTA was a disaster. We've renegotiated it. We're in the process of working now on Canada. We'll see what happens with Canada. Canada has been tough.

They charge 300 percent tariffs on dairy products, our farmers -- no good. You can't do that. So uh -- we'll probably be able to -- we'll see what happens. By the way,  work out well anyway. Go ahead.

Amazing people.

You got to go out and vote. We need more Republicans. We'll get everything we want. We need more Republicans. You want to protect your second amendment. You want to protect everything, you want to protect all of the great success that you've had over the last -- a little more now than a year and a half. Think of it. We're coming up -- can you believe it, on two years when you and I started talking.

This is what happened.

Well, yeah, if you talk about the campaign itself. But I will say this: you've got to protect --look at what's going on with the Supreme Court. If we're not there, because we're all together as a group, if we're not there to protect, it is going to be some really bad day for this country. So, we're protecting.

But, we made tremendous gains. You know, the stock market today -- it's a good day today to do an interview, because the stock market today hit the highest level in its history. Today. Now did you work this interview out specifically for that?

But it was up very big today. But it hit the highest -- all of the markets, today hit the highest level. Now 401(k)s are up 57 percent in a short period of time. If the Democrats get in, those numbers will be cut in half. You will see bad things.

We're getting 1.6 billion, we're continuing -- we spend 3.2 billion. We're continuing to build the wall. I'd like to do it. I could do it so quickly. I'd like to do it in one piece. The Democrats are holding us back. I am told by Republican leadership -- and I hope they do it, because there are a lot of people counting -- you see the people with the wall?

I want the wall too.

That they will do it immediately after the election. We've got a billion six, a lot of money, but not when it comes to --

We've got 3.2 billion. It's being built. We've got a billion six, but we have to do much better than that, because we could do it very quickly. And you know the bottom line? We need it. The Democrats, they want open borders. They want people coming in -- that means crime. We're the opposite. You've got to have a border.

You don't have a border, you don't have a country. You know that.

It's about security. Oh, it's going to have lots of doors. People are going to come in, but they are going to come in through merit, and they have to come in, because we have companies moving in from all over the world. They're coming back to the United States. The biggest companies -- Foxconn. The biggest companies in the world are coming back.

We need people, but they have to come in through merit.

Thank you. Thank you.

Laura. I love your show. I watch it all the time. And you know what? You are special. You really are. It's a good combination.

Thank you.