How is... how is... how is your reception now, Jeanine?

They had a security reception situation. But never sounds too good. Is it OK?

Good, I like that. Good. With you being on the air with your beautiful ratings.

Congratulations.

Well, I am very excited. And, you know, the protesters were a very small group, a tiny group of people. I just left and thousands of people in Kansas, and, you know it's amazing what's going in the country. And we have a great new Supreme Court justice, Jeanine, and as you know very well.

Well, for one thing it would have been very unfair to him. If you think about it, he's a highly respected man. What the Democrats did was disgraceful. These things happened that just came out of the wind. There was no corroboration. There was no anything, Jeanine. This is a high quality, brilliant man. He'll be a phenomenal Supreme Court justice.

And it was my honor to stick -- and I know that, a lot of people told me that. They said, well, we'll switch. You'll never get anybody like this. This is a very, very outstanding person, an individual, with an incredible family, and it would have been very unfair to him. What they did was disgraceful. What the Democrats did, and you saw that group, with Blumenthal who falsified his service in Vietnam, and a terrible mayor of Newark, New Jersey, Cory Booker.

And you know, the whole group. Dianne Feinstein, who in my opinion leaked the papers. It was terrible what was happening, and what was happening to him. Very unfair. So I did stick, Jeanine. And I'm very happy I did.

Well there were a lot of things happening that weren't correct, they weren't true. There were a lot of things that were left unsaid. And I thought I had to even the playing field, because it was very unfair to judge -- now I can, you know, very nicely say Justice Kavanaugh.

It was a very unfair situation. So I evened the playing field, and once I did that that, it started to sail through. He was treated very very unfairly Jeanine.

Well I think it was a very important moment. It was a very big turning point as The Washington Post was actually, shockingly, they said somethings that was very positive. And I'm very proud of it, because we have a very -- we're going to a great, great justice of the Supreme Court for many years, and I fought hard to make sure that he got on, and you're going to see what happens.

You're going to see how great he will be ,and will become. I have no doubt about it at all.

Well, he made false accusations about me, on another matter. Totally false, it's a joke, when, just a disgrace that they're able to do it. I'd love to see our libel laws get tough enough so you could take people and sue them.

But, the same thing. Totally false statement. You look at what happened and yes, I think they should be held liable. I would say they should be held to the highest standard. You can't go around and whether it's making up stories, or making false statements about such an important position, you can't do that.

You destroy somebody's life. And there were many, many false things that were said about a very fine man, and would would have destroyed his family if this didn't happen. And it all came together at the end, and people realized it was false accusations, false statements. It was really something very interesting and actually very nice to see, because he suffered Jeanine.

That was really unfair. I watched that very closely, and he suffered with false statements made about him. tTings that never happened.

Well I think they overplayed their hand. I think they were very dishonest with the leak and other things that they did. Even look at the lawyers representing certain people. They're right out of the Democrat playbook.

They've represented others that are Democrats. That's what they do. How did they end up with all these lawyers that are always the same ones, and I won't even go into names. But I think they overplayed their hand, and I can tell you that the enthusiasm and the love the the the feeling in the Republican Party, right now, is higher than I've ever seen it.

And you see polls that are going up like rocket ships, races that are going to be won by margins, on races, frankly, that the Republicans wouldn't have won, and now they're leading, and they're just better. We need more votes so that we could cut taxes even more, so that we can do things that they will never do. They get to open borders and crime is going to pour in. We want to have no crime.

We want to have borders where you come into the country legally. You come in through a legal process, and so many things. The enthusiasm for the Republican Party is the strongest I've ever seen it Jeanine.

And it happened all over the last two to three weeks.

I don't know what's going to happen to her. I thought it was a very, very sad vote. I thought it was very, frankly, disgraceful. And I appreciate that a Democrat, Joe Manchin, came and he voted in favor of Justice Kavanaugh. And that was a good thing. But that was very disappointing. The people of Alaska, I had tremendous success in Alaska.

And what I've done for them with ANWR --

-- which is one of the biggest drilling sites in the world. Ronald Reagan tried to get it approved. Bush tried to get it approved. Everybody tried to get it approved for close to 50 years. I got it approved. It means trillions of dollars, and I'm not equating one thing with the other at all. But I've done so much for Alaska.

I was shocked to see her vote. Absolutely shocked.

And frankly, so were other Republicans. It was a very sad day, I think, for her. And I think it will go down as a sad day for her. because he's going to become a great Supreme Court justice.

Well, you receive threats on both sides. But I will tell you Susan Collins was a star. What she did was incredible. I spoke to her yesterday. What she said and the way she said it was brilliant. And it really covered it. She has, from the beginning, really liked Brett Kavanaugh. She had respect for his incredible genius, him as a scholar, him as a great person of the law.

Nobody knows that better, and she respected that -- I know -- and she respected it from the beginning, and she wanted to make sure that she was right on every other subject, including outside influence that came in. And in the end she went through, probably as carefully as anybody, she went through every paper, every document, and I thought her statement yesterday was absolutely brilliant.

And we're very proud of her. And I'll tell you what: she's more popular now than she's ever been. And she's, she's always been good, but she is more popular now, Jeanine, than she's ever been.

Well, I think I'd rather let her explain it, but it's a very, very serious thing going on with respect to this nomination. And the Democrats know, he's so good, they just didn't want him there. And they would have fought others also, by the way, but they did not want him there. He is great in every way, and he's central casting.

I mean, this is a man that was born for the position. I heard his name ten years ago. They used to talk about, he will someday be a Supreme Court justice. That was long before I thought of running for president, frankly. I used to hear his name as somebody that really should to be on the Supreme Court, and that's what I did.

I put him on the Supreme Court, and it's going to be -- I really think it's a great day for our country.

Well I know this. It was going to be very easy. And I picked him also for that reason. I said, this man is so good in every way -- on a personal basis, on an intellectual basis, on a scholarly basis, and schools, the highest grade, the highest marks. First in his class. I said, this will be an easy one. And they fabricated stories about him to make him look as bad as possible.

They're fabrications, had no bearing in truth, and it was really very difficult. And I'm really happy that we all stuck it out. You know, you could say I stuck it out, but he stuck it out also, and that took courage. What they did to him and his family Jeanine was horrible.

Well, Jeanine, as we advance space is becoming more and more important for defense, and that means defense and offense. And that means if it's going to be a part of the Air Force, or one of our other forces, frankly, it's never going to be out front. It needs its own identity. And we're doing space force, the generals agree with me 100 percent.

And so much of our defense and offense will be related to space. So, we're setting up a new branch of the armed forces that think is very rapidly. Everybody agrees with it.

Right, that's right.

I agree. I agree.

We're very proud of her. She was in four African countries. She went -- today, she was actually at the pyramids --

-- and she's coming home. She'll be home very early tomorrow morning, and she did a fantastic job. She's a great first lady. She's representing our country so well, and people love Melania, and they're all very proud of her.

Well, I think the Republicans are going to do very well. We need some more -- you know we have these tiny majorities. Tiny. If somebody catches a cold, Jeanine, it's like we have to wait till they come back. We have -- we need more votes to get it all done. We're building the wall as we speak. But we need -- I want to get it all at one time, because we can have it done very quickly, and so many other things.

But, for the most part, we've done almost everything we -- we're building the military. We have all of the money we need. That was very tough. That was massively more than the wall. The wall is very small by comparison, but we've done so much and we're so happy about it. We're doing a great job for the American people, and it is my honor to do that.

I'm very happy about it.

Thank you very much. Jeanine. Thank you.