Well, I didn't know Dean, and I had just started running for office, and then I ran for office and I had nothing -- I really didn't know very much about him, other than he was known as a strong guy, and a smart guy. But I didn't know him, and he didn't know me. And I think, instinctively, maybe we didn't like each other very much.

And there was never much of a relationship, and then I got elected, and I had to start working with senators and others, and Dean was right at the forefront. He was fantastic, and we actually become friends, and that's why I'm out here today, to support Dean Heller, and also Adam Laxalt, who's going to be a terrific governor.

They have to -- they have to win. It's very important. You know, when the federal government works with people, you have to -- you have to be able to get along with those people. So Dean's relationship with me has really evolved, and I think it's been very, very special. Very great. We even flew out here together.

Right.

That's right.

No, it's honest, and wouldn't you be shocked if I said I had regret? Would you be surprised if I said Oh, I feel --

-- You would be -- you'd probably turn off the interview and say, "That's not Trump." That's somebody else.

No, I, I no -- no interest, no interest in that at all. I will tell you, they've become angry. They've become bitter. And you saw that with the hearings, and actually you start with Neil Gorsuch, Justice Gorsuch hearing, but to an extent that was at least within the bounds of taste. This last situation, what they did with Brett Kavanaugh, was -- was just one of the worst things I've ever seen.

And it was all fiction, made up stuff. They tried to ruin his life, his family, his kids. He's got these two beautiful, wonderful daughters. And what they did to him -- and I think that's one of the reasons the Republican Party is so totally energized. I mean, I've never seen anything like it. And I think the rallies help also, the rallies that I've been doing.

You know, you see the spirit. But I really believe that the way they treated Justice Kavanaugh has been -- while horrible, it's really helped the Republican Party.

No. No other president's been able to do that because, I think, they respect me, and I respect them. I don't think they had any respect for our previous leaders, and they respect me and they know I'm not playing games. And I called them, and I said, really I would appreciate your help. This can't happen.

Don't forget, they have to travel over a thousand miles up through Mexico. So Mexico is able to do a lot. And frankly, you know, we talked to Honduras. We said, we're paying you millions and millions of dollars in aid, in one case, $300 million, that's a lot of money, by the way, and we're giving aid to these countries, and they're allowing this to happen, and we said we're not going to let you do this.

And it stopped. El Salvador also, it stopped. And Mexico, though, in particular has been fantastic. We really appreciate it.

Good.

I know.

They are hell bent. It's -- it's terrible, and you know, you think they'd like low taxes. You'd think they'd like a strong military, good education, all the things we're doing. But I guess it's something beyond that. I really enjoy it only because we're achieving. If we weren't winning, I think I'd probably be like anybody else would be, because the attack is so vicious.

The New York Times -- I could do the greatest thing in the world, and they would make it look bad. I could do, you know, between the Washington Post, The New York Times ABC, NBC, CBS. CNN is just ridiculous. It, it... people aren't even watching it anymore, it's so ridiculous. Their ratings are down the tubes.

But, you know, when we -- when you win, Kevin, you know this because you've been doing great for a long time. Your ratings are phenomenal, and you've been doing great. So you know about winning, because in your business, it's all about the ratings, unfortunately, or fortunately. When you win, you feel a little bit differently.

We have done more and completed more than any administration, the first two years, and we're still, you know, really three months shy of that. Two and a half months shy of that. So we still have a ways to go, but we have in two years we have done more than any other administration in the history of our country.

And that makes me happy. So we have to fight these artificial forces, and real forces. I mean, they're real forces. They make up Russia stuff, and they do so many different things, and we fight it, but we're winning. And we're really achieving something great for the people of this country. That makes me happy.

Thank you for being so nice. Thank you Kevin. And I look forward to seeing you again. Thanks a lot.