Well, I think we've cut into it very, very big, and, as you know, the polls have been very good for us now, and if you look at Black Voices for Trump today, it's an overflow crowd. We have the lowest unemployment for African-Americans in the history of our country. We have the best poverty numbers that we've ever had -- that's poverty in a very positive sense, the best we've ever had, and so many other things, and I think that overall, while we're doing well overall, African-Americans are doing proportionately better, and they've done better than they've ever done, and people are seeing that, and I said that was going to happen, as you know very well, because you've been there -- I said that was going to happen during the campaign, and we've produced.

So I think we're gonna have tremendous African-American support.

Well, if it's crime infested, it is. I mean, if you have crime, you have crime, and we have to get it out, and we've been actually putting a lot of money into this area, because, I mean, Georgia's coming a long way under this administration, and when you have crime, you have crime. There's nothing you can do about it in terms of statistics.

You have to just solve the problem, to make the statistics look a lot better. So, we've worked very hard, with your local politicians and local representatives, and we've really made it a much safer place, as you know.

Well, you have a great gentleman named David Perdue, and he's running, as you know, he's your Senator. He fights so much. He loves this state. He loves your state, and David is running hard, and I don't see how anybody can beat him, frankly. He's been such a great Senator. And then, as you know, Brian Kemp, who's your Governor, is going to be making a choice for Johnny Isaacson, who's been so incredible for so long, for the whole state.

But they'll be making a choice very shortly, and I'm sure he'll pick somebody that's terrific.

Well, I'll tell you. My poll numbers are higher than they've been ever. My -- my -- the fundraising has been through the roof. We have bigger crowds than we've ever had. Our base is more -- as an example, I got a call from the evangelical leaders. They came over. They said there's never been anything like this in terms of the electricity that they have.

These are the churches and really, leaders of faith. I must say -- look, it's a witch hunt. It's a phony deal, based on one conversation that was a perfect conversation. It's a phony deal by a corrupt politician named Schiff, and Pelosi should go back and clean up her own district in San Francisco, which is going to, I'll say, going to hell, frankly, with the needles and the all of the problems that they have.

She's got to go back there and clean it up. But this is really just a phony deal, and what it's done is driven up our numbers like crazy, and you saw the other night, we had a Republican vote, 196, actually, a couple of Democrats joined the Republicans, and it was -- it was zero negative Republican votes, which is pretty amazing.

So, it's unfair. It's not nice. But it's something that is honestly energized our party a lot.

Right, that's right.

Well, I better not do that, but I will tell you that, two fantastic teams. They're both undefeated. They're great teams, and I think you're gonna have an amazing game. Alabama's always tough, and LSU has really become tough. I hear their quarterback is fantastic. So, I'm going to enjoy it. I look -- I, look, two great areas, two areas that like me, so we're going to watch a great game.

Thank you very much. Great to see you.