Yeah. That's right.

Well, let's go with the dairy farmers and farmers generally because, as you know, China was pinpointing them for a long time, long before this. And the farmers have been having problems for 20 years, very big problems that were unique to farmers. And we are doing great with farmers now in -- in a lot of ways.

One way is we're giving $16 billion out of all the tariffs that we're collecting. We're collecting, you know, tens of billions of dollars of tariffs from China. They never paid us $0.10. And I've instructed, as you know, Sonny, Sonny Perdue, Department of Agriculture, they're giving $16 billion of the tariff money that we collect, which is much more than even that, to the farmers.

And today, through a few people, including Scott Walker, who I just saw at another event, we're giving additional money to a couple of the more specialty farmers that are specifically in Wisconsin because they were targeted by China. So, I think they're going to be very happy. The farmers seem to be very happy with what we're doing.

But $16 billion all comes out of the tariffs that we've gotten from China.

Well, what this is going to do is going to open up the playing field. The USMCA is what you're talking about. It will open up the playing field. I came to Wisconsin two years ago about specialty milk, and nobody knew, that was the straw that broke. It wasn't a huge number, but it was the straw that broke the camel's back because Canada treated you very, very unfairly.

Between the tariffs, you know, they were a 295% tariffed. Nobody talked about it. Nobody ever talked about it. But they -- they were charging so much, they made it impossible. All of that is now taken care of in the USMCA. The farmers love the deal. Actually, manufacturers love it. People love it. It's a -- it's a great deal, but it's a great deal for farmers.

But a lot of it had to do with Wisconsin. I came here and they had specialty milk, and they had other things that were really, really hurt badly in Canada. You know, Canada -- I say it with great love and respect, but Canada really took advantage of the farmers in this country. And we've ended that with the USMCA.

So, everybody wants to do -- get approved quickly.

We're waiting for the Democrats. We're waiting for Nancy Pelosi and the Democrats to get it in, but hopefully they'll get it done quickly.

Right.

OK. Well, we have a lot of jobs, programs, and even my daughter, Ivanka, is very much -- it's such an important issue for her. And they're teaching, training people to go because we have a different kind of a job today than we had 20 years ago. Let's face it, everything. When you look at computerization and all of the things that are happening, but we are now, African American, have the best job picture they've ever had in the history of our country.

There are tremendous job openings, but we're doing training. We're starting training centers, and we're asking companies because I think companies can do it better. We're asking companies to go and do job training, and that's what they're doing. And we have now the lowest unemployment for African Americans, as you know, in the history of the country.

It's, I think, less than six. First time it cracked six. But importantly, it's the best in the history of our country. Same thing with Hispanic, and the same thing with other groups, the actual total unemployment. It's the best in 51 years, and it could set a record very soon. If we keep going the way we're going.

Right.

I don't think so. I think it's one of the most incredible plants I've ever seen. They're -- right now, there's a lot of things going between Apple, as you know, they do a lot of the Apple work, especially their phones, their iPhones. Know Foxconn is going to be an incredible thing ultimately for Wisconsin.

I have never seen -- I go to many plants. I do a lot of plants on a weekly basis. I do plants. I have never seen anything like they've built here. Probably, I could say that for you, too. I've never seen anything. No, they have big plans. I spoke with Terry Gou, who's the probably the biggest businessman in Asia, and they have tremendous plans for Wisconsin.

They're going to be doing a good job.

I had to convince him to get going a little bit because they were not certain about the job picture. They have to get employees, and they were having a hard time getting employees. You know, our unemployment rate is so low. Where they come from, they get employees very easy, very easily. And I had to convince them to go forward because we'll have the employees for them.

But, you know, they have a thing where they have to get people. And when you have a 3.6 unemployment, it's not as easy as they thought to get employees. But he gave me the go ahead. This was a few months ago.

You remember, just before the election, a little before the election. And he was -- he was great. Now, they have big plans for Wisconsin.

I think we're doing great. I mean, we have tremendous polls in Wisconsin. I produced -- if you look at what I'm doing for the farmers and that includes China. I mean, we have the USMCA. I know this. They were picketing up in Mexico there for -- their farmers were picketing. And more importantly, in Canada, they were very unhappy.

Now, I don't want them to be unhappy. I want them to be happy. But we're the piggy bank that everybody comes, and they want -- you know, they want from us. And our farmers are thrilled, thrilled. We have to get it done. We have to get Nancy Pelosi and the Democrats to get it done. But our farmers are thrilled with the USMCA.

They were less thrilled, but that's the way it is.

Thank you very much. It's a great honor. Thank you.