Good morning, Maria.

Well my reaction is it never ends, we had no obstruction, we had no collusion, we had a report that was -- you know, considering it had 18 people that hated Donald Trump and you had Mueller that obviously was not a Trump fan, not a Trump person, how these people were picked is, you know, by itself incredible.

And yet the report is no collusion, no obstruction, which was ruled on by our great attorney general. He's great, he's doing a fantastic job in many other ways too. But he ruled on it, he read it, he saw it and he ruled on the report and based on the report there was no obstruction whatsoever. And of course it's hard to have obstruction when you have no crime, we can also add that, he didn't rule on that basis, he just ruled on it that there's no obstruction.

But you had no event. You didn't have crime, you had crime on the other side, OK, if you want to know the truth.

Look, you had people spying on my campaign, that's very simple, OK. Before I used to say it could have been, you had people spying on my campaign, it's probably the first time in history it's happened. They got caught and they're running around going wild trying to do everything they can. But they spied on my campaign, it's as simple as that, it's so illegal it's probably the biggest political scandal in history and they got caught doing it and it was a reverse -- it was really a reversal of sorts.

But it's a horrible thing that happened.

The Republicans get it, the Republicans have been totally unified. They get it fully. Lindsey Graham is beside himself, he looks at things that happened, he can't even believe what happened. He looks -- he cannot believe it. And --

Oh I know. You knew it before anybody.

I think you knew it before anybody. I know very well, I watch your program, in fact we set markets, we have to be extremely careful because I'm looking at that market up 113 so we just have to be careful that that ticker doesn't go up or down too much with this call. We want to be nice and even. We'll be very even keeled.

Well we had a deal with them, and it was very close, we were just finishing it -- you know my whole life is deals, I know what we had and what we don't. Like Mexico, we made a deal with Mexico, they've been so helpful at the border. For 45 years they've been trying to make a deal with Mexico, I made a deal with Mexico.

It's a great deal, but it's a great deal for Mexico too. They're cleaning out the whole system because they have very strong immigration laws and they're using their military, they're using their people. And you have to see the flows have really stopped. They put 6,000 people on their southern border, now they've moved 16,000 people to our border.

They weren't even -- really they didn't have to do that. They do have to do a good job, otherwise I'm going to a tariff system, but they didn't have to do that and they did and you have to see the numbers, when the numbers start coming out, you know, reflective of what they're doing. But the Democrats are doing much more to hurt us -- I mean they're killing us on the border because they are not doing -- little things that are so easy -- asylum we could fix it so easy.

We could fix loopholes so easy, they don't want to do it because they think open borders is a good thing where crime and trafficking and drugs pour into the country.

They are -- they are indeed. They're doing far more than Democrats but -- but with we had a deal, and it was a deal that was -- was really close to being done it was almost done.

Look, they know what we have to have and if we don't have intellectual property theft protections and we don't have the opening of China. You know China is not open. We're open but China is not open, so if we don't have the opening of China, if we don't have the things that were negotiated and maybe even more than that.

Look, right now we are getting 25 percent on $250 billion worth of goods; nobody ever heard of such a thing. It's massive amounts of money. Don't play -- don't let anyone tell you that we're paying. We're not paying, China's paying for it. China has devalued their currency in order to pay for it. They've devalued their currency and they're pouring money into their economy and pouring money into these companies which generally are Chinese owned indirectly or directly, and we're not paying anything for it. So they're paying us 25 --you know our consumer.

They always say China is different than other countries in some other countries that can happen, but I view tariffs differently than a lot of other people. And by the way, since tariffs have been on, our market has gone through the roof if you know what I'm talking about. I mean you never -- remember me saying about tariffs.

Since tariffs have gone on, I made the deal with Mexico only because of tariffs.

We've been trying for 45 years to make a deal including me for the last year and I could get nowhere. When the tariffs were -- I was ready to put them in. They were supposed to start on Monday. We made the deal in one day that they couldn't make -- people couldn't make it in 45 years. Now when tariffs go on, we took in China -- so we're taking in billions and billions of dollars.

We never took in $0.10. Now you have another $325 billion that I haven't taxed yet. It's ripe for taxing, for putting tariffs on. This never happened to China. Now what is happening is people are moving out of China. Companies are moving out of China. By the way, some are coming back to the United States because they don't want to pay the tariff, et cetera, et cetera.

But it's been an incredible thing.

Am I happy now? Absolutely. Now I would do additional tariffs by a very substantial additional tariffs if that doesn't work, if we don't make a deal. So when you say are we going to make a deal? It's possible we're going to make a deal but I'm also very happy where we are now. We're taking in a fortune and frankly not a good thing for China but it's a very good thing for us. A lot of companies are moving; they're dislocating.

No, it's possible; it's absolutely possible.

But we have to get -- we have to get a good deal. Look, they have taken advantage of us as a country for so long. They're so far ahead. On average this country is losing more than $500 billion a year with China. We've rebuilt China. They've done a great job. They're smart. They're genius. They're great but you know what, they're so far ahead, we have rebuilt China.

We've given them $500 billion a year for many years and we've rebuilt China. Without that money you don't have the same China. I mean what they've done to us and primarily us. They've done well with Europe, they've done well but with the money they make with us -- I mean if I do what I'm doing, we'd totally cut that off.

We'd totally cut it off. There's no more $500 billion. It will go down to a trickle -- I mean to an absolute trickle.

OK, so we went in and we thought we had a deal and we went in and then they said, you know, we're not going to give you certain things that we agreed on and I said, "That's OK," I tell my people, "Leave the office right now. Don't talk anymore; no more talking. We're putting on a 25 percent tariff on a full $250 billion.""

But we did it the following day, and that's it. That was the last conversation we had. Now we've had conversations over the last few days. They are negotiating, but, you know, my attitude is I'm very happy either way. The tariffs are -- there's no way you're going to beat the tariffs. There's no way. There's no way you can make that kind of money, and what it does is it really helps us in so many other ways.

It helps us in ways that nobody even wants to talk about, and I don't want to talk about them. Very, very powerful what we have right now.

To put it mildly. By the way --

-- the Chinese economy's going down the tubes. They want to make a deal. They want to make a deal more than I do. Let me put it that way.

They want to make a deal. They want to make it far more than I do --

-- because I could get used to getting --

Look, we have lost billions and billions and trillions of dollars with China, right? We're now taking in billions and billions of dollars and I've only done phase one. Phase one is 25 percent of $250 billion. I haven't done phase two yet. Now, phase two doesn't have to be 25 percent. It could be 10 percent, which people can absolutely handle, but our people aren't going to pay for that either.

Really, this is a big misnomer. They devalue their currency like a ping pong ball. I mean, you know, they played the devaluation card for years and people don't call them on it and we're looking at calling them on it first time. I mean, you know, what's the difference? You call them on it, big deal. OK, but I want to have a good relationship with China, and I have a great personal relationship with President Xi. He's a friend of mine.

I mean, I think he's fantastic, and I think he thinks the same of me. Who knows. OK, I'm sure he's not thrilled.

Well, that adds to the complexity because they can take a chip the size of a pinhead and they can put it into a phone and nobody can see it, and they can do miracles with that chip.

It's an amazing thing, so that plays into also, and 5G plays into it and many things play into it. Look, you know, this is -- you know, to the credible -- you know, if you're like me, if you love deals, it's the ultimate. It's sort of like -- it's a lot of fun, but I'm doing -- I'm having fun for a different reason.

We're doing great things for the American people.

Look at June. They say that if we just sort of carry out June for a few days the way it is, it's the best June in 80 years, OK? The best June in the stock market we've had in 80 years. By the way, tariffs are on. You know, I tariffed steel 25 percent. I tariffed aluminum -- all aluminum coming into the country 10 percent.

With all of that and we gave Canada and Mexico a break, by the way -- big break. We didn't have to, but a lot of people in Congress said, "please, please give them a break." You know, why they said that, who knows.

But I decided go with it because --

-- some people in Congress really like me, so I decided to go along, but the fact is look what happened with steel. We tariffed it.

The steel companies are going through the roof. The steel companies are going great.

They're doing great.

Sure. OK, so let me start off with a general statement. Almost all countries in this world take tremendous advantage of the United States. It's unbelievable, OK? I got here and it's unbelievable.

Like even Japan on the treaty, we have a treaty with Japan. If Japan is attacked, we will fight World War III. We will go in and we will protect them and we will fight with our lives and with our treasure. We will fight at all costs, right? But if we're attacked, Japan doesn't have to help us at all. They can watch it on a Sony television, the attack.

So there's a little difference, OK, and all these things. Now, that's the only -- that's a military thing because there are many -- as bad as the economic things are, the military -- you take NATO. We pay for close to 100 percent of NATO. People don't know that. We pay for close to that because Germany doesn't pay what they're supposed to pay, and out of the 28 countries, seven are paid up. I got them to pay last year $100 billion more, Secretary Stoltenberg will tell you, my biggest fan of all.

Bigger than you, Maria.

Bigger than you is Secretary Stoltenberg, OK, even bigger than you. He goes around saying if it wasn't for President Trump we wouldn't even have NATO. The numbers were coming down over 15 years so much, I got them like a rocket ship because I said hey folks, either you pay up or, you know, you can forget it. Why would we do that if they're not -- they're just taking advantage.

Anyway, but we still have a lot of countries -- Germany's taking tremendous advantage. How about this, Germany pays -- NATO is all about Russia, right. Protect Europe against Russia, I mean that's most of it. So Germany is paying Russia billions and billions of dollars for energy, OK, so they're giving Russia billions of dollars, and yet we're supposed to protect Germany and Germany's delinquent.

OK. So they don't pay NATO what they're supposed to pay and yet they're paying to -- and I don't call Russia an enemy, but they're a potential enemy. They're paying to a potential enemy that we're supposed to protect them from billions of dollars. So they're giving money to the enemy, we're supposed to protect them, and on top of that they don't pay -- they're way delinquent, they're paying one percent instead of two percent.

Oh yes Europe is -- Europe is -- treats us worse than China. Europe is -- believe -- you know, look, I come from Europe, we come -- you come from Europe, OK, you're one of -- you're of the European nations. European nations were set up in order to take advantage of the United States. It was set up for trade in order to take advantage, and they have.

You know, they very smartly have. And they have Draghi who is -- we should have Draghi instead of our Fed person. Draghi as you know last week he said lower interest rates and we're going to stimulate the economy, they're going to put money into the economy, they're going to force money into the economy because Europe is doing, you know, OK but they're not doing great.

And with us, we have a Fed that keeps raising interest rates, I mean you explain that one. And this was not what I thought we had. So we have a Fed --

Well one thing we have a lot of debt, I want to get it out, I want to pay it off. We have a lot of debt. But what we really have is we need to stay even with these people. These people are devaluing their currency because they're not doing well against us. So they devalue it, we can't, we are no longer on a level playing field.

When they stimulate their economy and we have -- we have a tightening, we have quantitative tightening. He was doing $50 billion a month he was tightening that he's taken it out, he's sucking it like from a vacuum cleaner he was taking it out. A lot of people didn't even know that. Now it's $25 billion a month.

That's a lot of money. That's a lot of money.

So not only are we -- not only are we raising -- I've had nine interest rate hikes. Obama had nothing, he had cheap money. So my economy is far better than Obama's economy. Obama's economy was ready to crash. You couldn't do anything. The rules and regulations which I've gotten rid of, I have great rules and regulations but they're reasonable.

Obama -- under Obama you couldn't do anything. You couldn't do a Keystone Pipeline, you couldn't do anything. There was --

The EPA had the whole country -- right. But now -- but Maria, now we're really rocking and rolling. My problem is that as they reduce their currency, in order to take advantage of the United States, we have a man that doesn't -- he doesn't do anything for us. We're sitting there and we stay. He should have -- he should have never raised the rates to the level that he raised it. And I've been right on that.

I don't think so.

Now he's trying to prove how tough he is, because he's not going to get pushed around. Here's a guy -- nobody ever heard of him before, and now I made him and he wants to show how tough he is, OK. Let him show how tough he is. He's a -- he's not doing a good job, OK, let me -- let me be nice about it.

No, no, I have the -- I have the right to demote him, I have the right to -- I have the right to fire him. But I have the right to -- (CROSS TALK)

-- I haven't -- I never suggesting I was going to do that. I do have the right to do it. But let me just tell you, he has to lower interest rates for us to compete with China, what they're doing is pouring money into the economy and they're -- and they're lowering rates. What Europe just did with Draghi who frankly did a great move, but he's been doing a lot of good moves, what Europe did with Draghi is they're forcing money in, we're doing the opposite.

We're taking money out and we're raising interest rates. It's insane.

He should have never raised the rates to the extent that he did. If he would have raised them half -- just half and if he would have not done the quantitative tightening, our market would have been up another 10,000 points. And I'll tell you GDP would have been up another point or two points. We could have hit -- we potentially could have hit five.

OK, well let me just tell you about China. My plan B with China is to take in billions and billions of dollars a month and we'll do less and less business with them. We can just sort of say, "hey, whatever business.." You know, when you're losing $500 billion a year, if you didn't do business with them it wouldn't be the worst thing in the world.

You know, when you're the loser of $500 billion -- when you were making --

-- $500 billion, the worst thing that can happen to you is you stop doing business. It would be -- it would be really bad for China, and I don't want to be bad for China. I like him. I like China. I love -- I think China's an incredible nation for what they've done.

TPP would have been a disaster. OK, you're ready?

TPP was going to be a disaster. It would have been NATO -- or it would have been NAFTA on steroids. TPP would have been a total disaster. Besides that, we make individual deals with many of those countries --

-- and the biggest ones we -- yes, look. What you do with -- when you have that many countries in a deal, what you do is you're forced -- and we're the big bank. We're the bank that -- it was set up for us. I mean, it was set up really to take advantage of us. That was like the European nations. TPP was just the European nations.

That was set up to take advantage on trade in the United States. TPP, if I didn't end that we would have no car business left. The car business would be totally gone. That was going to be a sucking machine like you've never seen before.

It was a disaster. TPP would have been a catastrophe. Look how well we're doing. I didn't do it.

We have 12 factories. We have plants being built in the United States. Car companies are coming in from Japan and other countries. Mercedes Benz, we have --

Right.

Right. Well, a lot of companies are moving to Vietnam, but Vietnam takes advantage of us even worse than China.

So there's a very interesting situation going on there, but that's true. Many companies are pulling their things out. Look, some companies are pulling out and doing what they should really be doing. They're coming back to America. They're coming back to the United States.

Well, we're in discussions with Vietnam. Vietnam is almost the single worst at -- much smaller than China, much, but it's almost the single worst abuser of everybody.

Now they're buying a lot of coal from West Virginia which makes me happy. You know, I love West Virginia and I love the coal miners and we just passed --

Oh, they were gone.

The industry was gone.

They would not have lasted six months if crooked Hillary got elected. They would not have lasted for six months. It was gone. Now it's a vibrant industry again. It's doing well and we sell a lot of -- you know, West Virginia, our states, we have great coal and we sell a lot of coal to Vietnam, but Vietnam is an abuser.

But almost all nations are abusers just so you understand.

We are the big, fat piggy bank. We are the piggy bank, but we won't be the piggy bank forever because frankly, you know, you can only give so much. I can't believe how some of these deals were made. They were so bad, and NATO's no different. I'm not saying, you know, NATO's a bad thing. I'm saying it's unfair that Europe which kills us -- you know, with Europe --

-- we lose approximately -- this for years -- approximately $180 billion - $181 billion, OK?

I didn't give up the chicken tax. No, the chicken tax is a great tax.

It's a 25 percent tax on small trucks. South Korea, it was expiring and South Korea was so happy. And I renegotiated the deal and I kept it, and it's the hottest market in our automobile industry. If you look at the only thing they make money on is small trucks because they have the chicken tax, because we have a 25 percent tariff on small trucks.

And because of that --

-- and I renegotiated -- I renegotiated the deal --

-- with South Korea because they were so happy because they were going to get rid of the chicken tax until I came along.

If I wasn't -- if I wasn't here, nobody else would have even known what the chicken -- it's just an expression.

The Europeans have taken advantage of us. I'm serious.

Worse than China. They have worse trade barriers than China. They have -- they don't take our product, we take their product. They send us cars.

They don't take our cars.

Europe -- Europe has treated us very badly. Now I'll tell you the one thing I have. When I came in I said to Jean Claude, he's a fantastic gentleman, fantastic business person, extremely tough. And you have a woman in Europe, I won't mention her name but she's actually considered to take Jean Claude's place because Jean Claude at some point is retiring.

She hates the United States, perhaps worse than any person I've ever met.

What she -- what she does to our country -- she's suing all our companies. You know, look, we should be suing Google and Facebook and all that which perhaps we will, OK. But you see Apple -- they're suing Apple for billions of dollars. They're suing everybody. They make it very -- almost impossible to do two-way business.

So what happened, I said, "Folks, they are worse than China except smaller. It's smaller than China, but they're worse than China." The barriers they put up for our farmers are -- because they want to protect their farmers.

They have a lot of farmers. You know those farms very well. You drive down a country road; you see the beautiful farms all over the place. I don't even say they're wrong but it's not fair to us. They send in Mercedes-Benz. They send in BMW; they pay virtually no tax.

They take nothing; we give them -- it's so one-sided and they make approximately $180 billion a year, for years.

I think it will pass. I think we have tremendous Democrat support; she's got to bring it to the floor.

I think she will. It's actually a bipartisan bill. The Democrats like it. The unions like it. I can tell you the farmers love it -- the farmers are just in love with it.

And I am talking about American farmers like it more than other farmers. The American farmers love it because we were being taken badly; we were taking serious advantage of by Canada. Nobody knows that. You know "O Canada," a beautiful song, right?

Except they charge us 300 percent tariff for a little thing called agricultural products going into Canada; 300 percent tariff nobody knew that.

Well they are doing it to me on Twitter. I mean, what they did to me on Twitter is incredible. You know, I have millions and millions of followers but I will tell you, they make it very hard for people to join me in Twitter, and they make it very much harder for me to get out the message.

They make it -- it is incredible, yes.

And I know it happens because --

What are we going to do? What am I going to do about it? These people are all Democrats. It's totally biased toward Democrats. If I announced tomorrow I am going to become a nice liberal Democrat, I would pick up 5 times more followers. I was picking up, 100,000 followers every few days and all of a sudden -- I am much hotter now than I was a number of months ago.

But a number of months ago and then all of a sudden it stopped. And now I pick up a lot but I don't pick up nearly what I did.

Maria, you and I know -- who's suing Twitter?

That's great. I think he's great; in a lot of ways he's great. And he'll probably do well. He's right about it. Twitter is just terrible what they do. They don't let you get the word -- I've had so many people come to me, "Sir, I can't join you on Twitter." I see what's happening, 100 percent.

Well you may need legislation in order to create competition. Look, it is amazing that I won the election, because you saw what happened yesterday with Google.

Google was totally biased to the -- you know they talk about Russia because they had some bloggers -- and by the way, those bloggers some of them were going both ways; they were for Clinton and for Trump.

Let me tell you, they're trying to rig the election. That's what we should be looking at not the witch hunt, the phony witch hunt which has proven zero. You know not even a phone call. This is the biggest political disgrace in history. And you, I don't have to talk to you about it; you know what I'm telling you.

You picked it up so early and you got it so early.

And I -- that's why I'm talking to you.

That's why I'm talking to you early in the morning as opposed to somebody else, to be honest with you.

Well I don't know whether it is. But I tell you what, they should be sued because what's happening with the bias -- and now you see it with that executive yesterday from Google, the hatred for the Republicans. It's not even like gee let's lean Democrat, the hatred. And actually, you know, I heard that all during my election.

It's hard that I won, they were -- they were swamping us with negative stuff. I mean think of it, she was spending hundreds of millions of dollars -- she was spending so much money because she -- she spent more than twice what I did. You know I never got credit for that, I won the election and I spent half the money.

You know, in the old days, my father taught me, Maria, if you spend less and win that's a good thing. But --

Well I'll be on a plane. Yes everyone said I'll be tweeting, I'll actually be on a plane and it just seems very boring, but I'm going to watch it because I have to. That's part of my life, you know, it's part of my life. Do I want to watch it? Do I want to watch these people? That's a very unexciting group of people.

But --

It looks like it.

Except Biden, Biden is a lost soul. He doesn't know where he is I don't think. He's changing his views rapidly. He's going from --

Well he didn't get -- he didn't get anything compared to what we did. My streets last week they took in I think $28 million and that's -- if you call that a poll, we have great polls, we've just had -- we just had a poll come out that's been fantastic. You know -- you know how well we're doing. We're doing good.

But he's different, he does seem to be different than the others.

Well let me tell you -- let me tell you though, OK I've done great on the economy and I've done great with the military and I've done great with -- I've done great with everything. But here's where it's unfair, I have had 24/7 a phony witch hunt, a disgusting phony witch hunt that nobody else would have even been take -- a normal person couldn't have even taken it. I have been attacked for two and a half years with a phony, dishonest, crooked group of people in intelligence agencies and beyond that have been doing nothing but attacking your president.

And I have fought through that and now I hear Mueller's going to go yet again -- I mean how many times are we going to go through this stuff, five times now?

Well the Republicans are going to ask him plenty. Look I've had great Republican support, I have to say that and Mitch McConnell's been great and you know Devin, you mentioned Devin, but the guys in the House.

You look at Mark Meadows and Jim Jordan and Andy Biggs. I mean there's so many of them, I mean I hate to name a few because there's so many. I've had great Republican support, but I will say that from the day I came into office they hit me with a phony deal. Everyone knows it's a phony deal. Now the shoe is turning and the Democrats are fighting like hell and the reason they're fighting so hard is they think that it's going to be revealed, the real stuff.

The real stuff is coming down. And I would be surprised that it did.

I think so, yeah I think we have an Attorney General who is a very strong person and a very fair person and I do believe that, I really do. But think of it --

The spies -- Maria you know what, I used to say well we'll find out. They spied on my campaign, and when you look at somebody saying listen, she's going to win, but if she doesn't we have an insurance policy. You know what the insurance policy is? We have an insurance policy to get him out of office. These are sick people.

The two lovers, I mean the two pathetic lovers, I mean there's two love birds. They sung like nobody's ever sung.

Well wait until you see the rest -- wait until you see -- no, wait until you see the rest of their --

Now here's the problem, Robert Mueller, they worked for him, and the two lovers were together and they had texts back and forth and e-mail back and forth.

He -- you know why? Because Mueller terminated them illegally. He terminated the e-mails, he terminated all of the stuff between Strzok and Page, you know they sung like you've never seen. Robert Mueller terminated their text messages together. He would -- he terminated them. They're gone. And that's illegal, he -- that's a crime.

Well I guess it will be and the Republicans owe it -- to me it was one of the most egregious things because you remember when they worked for Mueller, can you imagine what they said back -- how stupid they are and how -- can you imagine what they said, you know these stupid lovers, he's trying to show what a big man he is, you know, making statements, and she's back to him, "oh yes, darling.

Yes, darling."

You know, how stupid they were. I just saw this. This was a love serenade going on, OK?

I mean, if you -- if you want to --

No, no. I went through this. But I went through this for 2 and a half years. Maria, on top of -- and then they say his approval is 51 percent. Rasmussen got it right, OK? So I think I'm at 51 percent with Rasmussen. But think of it. It's incredible that I'm at 51 percent. It's incredible that I'm leading --

-- because for 2 and a half years I have had phony charges and stuff thrown at me. I had things that -- I love Russia. I wouldn't get in love with Russia. I don't love Russia. I love the United States. I had -- I had the worst things said about me, that I'm a spy. Me, a spy.

The media is crooked. The media is crooked. Much of the media is dishonest and much of the media is absolutely, stone cold crooked. And I blame the media more than I blame the democrats. The democrats, they laugh. When Schiff and when Nadler go into a back room to talk, they're laughing. They know nothing happened here.

This is just --

It's a con job. Maria, it's --

Maria, it's a con job, OK? They go to a back room where they talk, you know, the democrats group.

They laugh at what they're getting away with.

So everything -- I'm not happy with it because there's no money for protection. It's like were running hospitals over there now. You know, people are coming up -- what people don't understand is you had separation. Separation's a terrible thing of the families, and I said, "well, I'm going to put people together, but that's going to mean more people coming up." But -- and it has from that standpoint.

And we've done a great job. You know, they'll pick up one little site. We've done a much better job than Obama. You know, Obama built all those cells. Those cells were built by the Obama administration.

He put in all the cages, and I remember for awhile they had a fun with that. They had me for three days and then somebody said, "well, they were built in 2014. They were built by President Obama." And immediately it stopped. There were no apologies. It immediately stopped.

I had loop -- if I had the loopholes taken care of and asylum taken over, you'd have no -- zero problem at the border without Mexico.

Right now, you're going to see the numbers drop because Mexico's been really strong.

You're going to really see numbers drop, but we don't need anybody if they -- if the democrats would get rid of the loopholes. They're called loopholes for a reason. They're loopholes. They're loopholes to come into the country. If the democrats would get rid of the loopholes and would fix asylum, it would take an hour, we could sit there, we could make a deal.

They refuse to do it for two reasons. Number one, they want open borders. They legitimately want open borders. They want those people that you see in caravans, many of whom are criminals, OK? Just so you understand. Many of whom are criminals. In fact, you saw the other day 649 were people of crimes and people that committed crimes in the United States, many of them.

Many of them are criminals. They want those people. Maria, you explain it to me. I can't understand it, OK? They want those people to come into the United States, so I say it must be politics. They must think that having a big, open border and have hundreds of thousands of people flowing into the United States is a good thing for our country.

It's ruinous to our country now.

It's tremendously expensive because now you're dealing with schools, you're dealing with medical, you're dealing with everything. Look at California what they're doing. What they're doing is incredible. They're inviting everybody to come in. People are heading to California. California can't pay their bills already.

It's the highest tax --

And people are leaving New York because the taxes are too high, OK? They want to take care of their medical expense. They want to care of -- how about schooling? Pretty soon they'll be sending them to private schools.

By the way -- how am I dealing with it? I want strong laws on the border. We're building a wall. The wall is being built very rapidly by the way. We'll have 400 miles of wall. Despite the fact that I have five lawsuits, we just won one last week. You probably saw that.

We won a lawsuit in D.C., a very big one that would have stopped the wall actually. We got the total OK from the judge but -- which was shocking to people because, you know, when you get an Obama judge, you get a loss. When you get an --

This didn't happen to be -- by the way Maria this didn't -- yes this didn't happen to be an Obama judge, this happened to be a judge appointed by Trump. You know, I have judges now -- I have 145 judges that -- within another couple of months all 145 will be sitting judges, federal judges and we have two Supreme Court judges, a tremendous impact.

When I came in, President Obama had hundreds of judges that he was not able to place which was incredible, it was like a gift. We have 145 judges, we have two Supreme Court judges, and a lot of people think that's going to be a big part of the legacy. But it's very important.

Well I don't want to say, I want everybody to live a long and beautiful life and be extremely healthy, because if I said yes to that answer you know what would happen, OK.

They'd say he's a very -- he's a heartless person.

I hope that everybody lives a long and happy life.

Well I don't think their leadership is smart, I don't think they have smart leadership at all. Look what's happened to Iran, Iran's going down the tubes. Their people can't eat, they're rioting all over their streets, their inflation rate is 60 percent or something like that, maybe even worse actually.

Well I hope we don't but we're in a very strong position if we -- if something should happen, we're in a very strong position, it wouldn't last very long I can tell you that. It would not last very long. And I'm not talking boots on the ground, I'm not talking we're going to send a million soldiers, I'm just saying if something would happen, wouldn't last very long.

I've been very nice to them, I decided not to do -- they shot down our drone, I decided not to kill a lot of Iranians, I know a lot of Iranians, I like Iranians so much. And that plays into your decision too, I mean they're human beings, they're people. I didn't want to kill 150 people when they shot down an unmanned drone.

So I didn't -- I didn't do that. And a lot of people were very happy that I didn't.

Well the sanctions are very biting, when I took over Iran was a terror. We had 18 -- 14 to 18 sites of confliction, Iran was behind every one of them. Look at what they did. They would have take over the Middle East and they were going to make it really very, very bad, very dead. They would have taken over Saudi Arabia, they would have -- (CROSS TALK)

Had I not been elected president they would have taken --

-- over Saudi Arabia, they would have taken over the entire Middle East.

Right, yes.

They've been doing it for years, they've been doing a plane a day. Well with tariffs you don't do that anymore, Maria. If I did tariffs -- if I did 25 percent on $600 billion, that's the end of their -- they're building islands in the South China Sea, that's the end of --

I think we'll do just great. Hey look, right now ready, we're losing $500 billion a year for many years OK. We've paid to China like a check -- cash, I'm not talking about deficits, I'm not -- I'm talking about the loss, real money loss. We've been handing China $500 billion a year forever. And I don't blame China, I blame our leaders.

Why would they allow this to happen, we didn't do anything. Obama did nothing against China, Biden doesn't know he's alive. These people, what China did to Obama is -- they -- it got worse under Obama. And then, you know, it was Bush's fault too, it was everybody's fault before me. Well I've stopped -- look, they've never paid us anything, now they're paying us a lot.

And I haven't even started. The big chunk I haven't even done yet. If you want to --

If you want to stop their military, if you want to stop their military you do exactly what I'm doing.

That's OK with me. I don't know, you know, we're the largest oil producer in the world, but I -- I'm old fashioned when it comes to our country. I like low gasoline prices, OK. So we're the largest oil producer now, under me we're the largest in the world and when I get the pipelines approved in Texas, we'll go up by another 35 percent.

But you know what, if that happened, I'd -- by the way, I disagree with that, a lot of people would say it would actually drive prices up. But you know what does Bank of America know? I've watched them, they don't know too much.

I mean if he's saying it's going to move them down, I would say it might have the opposite effect.

If that happened -- if that happened, we're going to have nice low gasoline prices. That wouldn't be the worst thing in the world.

My plan B is maybe my plan A. My plan B is that if we don't make a deal, I will tariff and maybe not at 25 percent, but maybe at 10 percent, but I will tariff the rest of the $600 billion that we're talking about. We have much more than $300 billion worth of products. Now, what's going to happen, then all of those companies will move out of China, most of them, and they'll move to other places like Vietnam and other places that take advantage of us, and we'll start working on that, too, by the way, but I don't want to do too many at one time.

China's fine. We did Mexico and Canada.

We have to get that approved by Nancy Pelosi. That's a great deal for us.

Well, I hope we do. I mean it's up to the democrats.

The deal is done, it's sitting in Congress. It's up to Nancy Pelosi to put it there. I would call it, I told her other day get it done because we will call it a bipartisan deal and if they want to make a couple minor changes, we can make some changes but it's a great deal.

We can't do that. By the way, he's such a great guy, that guy.

I love Nikki. She's endorsed me. She's my friend. She's part of my campaign, but Mike has been a great vice president. He's 100 percent and this was written actually by a friend of mine, but let me tell you, Mike Pence has been a great vice president. Nikki Haley represented us so well and our country so well.

I love Nikki and there's places for Nikki and Nikki's future's great but Mike Pence is the person, 100 percent. Yes, we won, we won together. We have tremendous evangelical support.

We have tremendous support from every angle. And -- well you can't break up a team like that. That's a team that really -- and we get along well together. We get along really well together.

Say hello to Stuart and everybody on your show. They're terrific. Thank you very much Maria.