Thank you. It's great honor.

Well, it's very important. We need Dan -- well you know, our Dan right -- which is Dan Bishop He's been fantastic. He's been a friend of mine, he's been somebody that I know well for a long period of time H.e's an outstanding person and he wants strong borders. He wants to protect your Second Amendment, which, as you know, is under siege in so many different ways.

And Dan Bishop, I think, should win tomorrow. He's got tremendous support. You see, not only do we have a full arena, but we have thousands of people standing outside. So, I think Dan's going to be in good shape. He's strong on crime, loves the military, loves the vets. He's going to help us in Washington.

McCready --  I mean, the problem is, you take a look at what he wants, he wants open borders and he loves sanctuary cities. You can't have that.

Which is not good. I mean it's not good, and certainly the people of North Carolina don't want that.

Well, we're actually meeting with a number of people, and we did before, as you know, because of, actually, hailstorms and everything else, they weren't allowing anybody to go in. But, they got hit hard. North Carolina got hit pretty hard, and we're taking care of it. We just spoke to your Governor. We're taking care of it very, very powerfully.

We're doing all sorts of emergency declarations, and most of them have been done already, and a lot of work's been done. The Coast Guard has been incredible. FEMA's been incredible. And a lot of work -- it was very important to me, North Carolina. You actually got hit the hardest of anybody, if you think about it. I mean, we're not including the Bahamas, who really got -- and the government of the Bahamas, as you know, called me, and we're helping them out.

They really got some beating. There's no question about it.

Yes.

Well, I don't think there's much reaction. I just got a 94 percent approval rating in the Republican Party, and that's the highest in history -- higher than Ronald Reagan who had an 87. So, I don't -- can't imagine with his past -- and you know a tweet that I gave actually knocked him out of the last race, he lost his last race.

I tweeted for his opponent, and his opponent won, and I actually did that on Election Day. So, it was sort of a crazy thing, but now I understand he's going to do something, and I guess there's a couple of other folks too that don't have the greatest record possible.

Well, we had to rebuild our military. Our military has been totally rebuilt, almost completely rebuilt, with new planes, which -- a lot of equipment made right here in North Carolina, and we have no choice but to rebuild our military. And we can start working on that very soon in terms of debt, because I understand that very well.

I think I understand it -- really, I've done very well with debt over the years, and I will tell you if we don't rebuild our military, we don't have much of a country, especially with the threats that we have, all the different threats that we have outside our country, beyond our country, internationally.

So we have rebuilt our military, we've taken care of our vets. We've got choice approved. Our -- if you look at not only the vets, I mean, just the V.A. You haven't heard complaints about the V.A. for the last two years. The V.A.'s really running, for the first time, really smoothly, and we've done a good job, and we can cut costs very quickly at the right time.

That's right.

Well, that's true. The mayor's been excellent, actually and we -- many cities wanted us to go there, as you know, it's a convention. It brings a lot of business, a lot of money, a lot of economic development, frankly, and the mayor has been terrific, and we think we're going to have hopefully a very great convention, and go on to victory in 2020.

That's what -- that's what I've heard.

What do you plan to tell other folks with historically black colleges and university?

Well, you know I've been very supportive of the historically black colleges -- more so than the previous administration. We've given tremendous amounts of -- hundreds of millions of dollars, and others haven't. I've been very, very supportive. So I look forward to being here.

Thank you very much. Great job.