Thank you, Jack.

Well, I'm very excited and we have 12,000 people, at least I guess, tomorrow, we have a beautiful big arena. You know the arena well and I think that we're going to have a tremendous time. We're going to do a lot of -- I think we're going to have a lot of overflow. So we have big movie screens outside and great music, and it's going to be a lot of fun.

It's going to be like -- the people of New Hampshire is special and they're incredible people. You remember in the primaries when I won New Hampshire, that was really something special, and I said we're going to keep New Hampshire where it is on the -- on the wrote them on the list. And you know they were talking about moving it way down, and I said that's not going to happen.

And I kept my word on the primary list.

Yeah. These people are so sad when I watched it. I watched Booker, who's got, I think, almost nothing in the polls. He's like at 1 or 2% of his that. I watched others and it's become a sound bite, that's what they want to do. They don't mention Dayton because that was a -- a Warren-and-Sanders supporter.

That was a -- a TFA person, they liked in TFA but they don't mention that. They would but, you know, they can't get away with it, and it's a disgrace. When I see it I -- it's just disgraceful. And they know what they're doing is wrong but I think the voters get it 100%, he voters get it. And the rhetoric -- all my rhetoric is that we have to have borders, they want to have open borders.

Jack, we have to have borders. You know, we're in countries fighting and pulling out of a lot of countries frankly, because we're we're defending the world and the world doesn't -- doesn't do anything to help us.

A lot of the world. But we're defending borders and other people defend borders and yet we have open borders here, we're building the wall. It's going up now, you know, we won the big lawsuit three weeks ago The Wall is proceeding very rapidly. We need it. We want a strong border. And you know you've heard me say a million times without a strong border you don't have a country.

So Mexico, right now, is doing a great job because the Democrats refused to get rid of all the loopholes and they could -- we could do it in 15 minutes, Jack. But they refused to get rid of the loopholes they refused to fix asylum and that's only for political purposes, but they actually -- I actually think that, you know, their whole concept of open borders.

I don't believe they believe  selves but they're doing it only for political reasons.

Right.

Well, they don't Jack. And one of the reasons that I'm calling you instead of calling lots of other people that want because you're the president is you've been so fair to me. And we've had great conversations, previous to both other elections and, you know, I really appreciate it, Jack, I have to tell you.

We'll be talking about the economy. The economy is phenomenal right now with a normalized interest rate we're doing phenomenal. We had a couple of bad days but we're having -- we're going to have some very good days because we had to take on China. China is ripping our country like has never happened before in history with any country.

They would take it out $500 billion a year, 500 billion, and that's not including intellectual property theft, which they were stealing like crazy. So I had to do it. It should have been done by Obama and Bush and everybody else it should have been done by -- long before I came along. But I'm the one that gets I'm the one that gets stuck with it and I'm the one that's going to do it. And I've -- we're making tremendous progress.

China, frankly, would love to make a deal and it's got to be a deal on -- on proper terms. It's got to be a deal frankly on our terms otherwise, what's the purpose? Because they were so far ahead from years of bad negotiations and I'm actually not even having deals. They just came in and it was -- it was a terrible thing they did.

They took -- and I don't blame China, by the way. You not blame the people that led our country, they should have never allowed it. There was no reason for them to allow this to happen.That they would take it out over $500 billion a year. Ridiculous.

Well, first of all I have to tell you that, I think he would be fantastic. He's got great energy, he's got -- he's a -- terrific on television, you've seen, he's a really good guy, I like him a lot. I like him, I like his family, I like everything about him. I think Corey is a fantastic guy and I don't think he's made that decision yet.

I will say this, if he ran he would be a great senator. If he ran and won he'd be a great senator. He would be great for New Hampshire, he'd be great for the country. He has got a tremendous drive and that drive would be put to the people of New Hampshire's benefit and the country's benefit. So I haven't heard that he's running yet.

I know he's considering it. If he ran, I think he'd be -- I think he'd be No. 1. I think it'd be hard to beat him in New Hampshire. You know Corey was there with myself and hope and a couple of others while we started this whole thing and and we did well, we did well. Corey is very outstanding guy.

Well, you know, if I could have pulled back a couple maybe I would have, you know, thinking about it, but honestly, without -- and I don't go Twitter or call it social media because it's much more it's -- Twitter is like a typewriter, to put it in an old-fashioned term. I put out a message and then immediately if it's, you know, modestly important, not even very important.

You know, you look at television and it's on every major station, on every station that we have breaking news, we have breaking news. It's actually pretty wild, Jack, I have to tell you but you put it out and it's instantaneously across the world.  When I was flying to South Korea I had the idea: "You know what, I'm going to South Korea, right next to North Korea, right where the border, right near there." I said, "There was no way of anybody knows how to get to Kim Jong-un." How do you get --  I put out a tweet: "Hey, I'm going to South Korea if you want to meet for a couple of minutes, let's meet." And I put it out and he was calling within 10 minutes.

I mean, that's the craziest thing. So it's an incredible -- and we had a good meeting. It's an incredible way to communicate for me. Now I have, you know, tens of millions of followers. It's -- it's -- it's a way of getting the word out, especially since, and you understand, I've been saying this from the beginning, and this does not include you and others but it includes plenty, it's fake news.

I mean, what they do, The New York Times, The Washington Post, ABC, CBS, NBC, CNN, these are -- these are really disgraceful. I mean -- and I see it better than somebody would. You know, If you look and you know a person sitting there wouldn't know if it's truthful or not because they don't know.  I give something out that I know is what I want and what is true and they will report it. For instance, they can take a tremendous victory that I would have, meaning, that the country would have I would have it for the country and they make it look as bad as they can possibly make it look.

Sometimes they actually can take a victory and make it look like a failure and they do that whenever they can. It is really dishonest media. I call it thick media and -- but it's real it's fake news.  But I would say that it's an incredible way of communicating. I'm not sure right now, I'd be talking to you, at least as president.

I'll talk to you any time, OK, because you're terrific. But I may not be doing it if I may be doing it as somebody that tried but didn't make it. The fact is, it's been an incredible way of communicating, and I've said it that it's a modern day form of communication. That for me really works because I have so many followers.

I mean, on one side alone I have 63 million but I have numerous sites, I'm in the hundreds of millions of people. And you know, I can get some phony news and some -- some stories that are total hoax. The Russian deal was a total hoax, a disgrace. And now I think that might be turning around and people are not so happy about it. And when I say turning around, on investigate the investigators.

How did that whole thing start, it's a disgrace. It was allowed to continue but I was able to fight back because of social media and it's been -- for me honestly, Jack, I mean, it's been -- it's been amazing.  Now, I wish I didn't have to use it. And I've said this yesterday to somebody, very important interview.

I said, "Who you are now scooping.", because I won't be on for a little while. "So you're scooping it", but I said, you know, had to -- if the news was -- was fair, fair. It was just fair or is that friends of yours would say fair and balanced, right? If the news was fair I wouldn't even use it, I wouldn't need it. But in order to fight back and tell the truth I have to use it and it's been very effective.

There's no question about it.

Oh, boy, just so many. I mean, I don't think anybody's done what we've done in two-and-a-half years ever. Regulation cuts, the biggest tax cut in history that really spurred the economy. ANWR, , the largest of -- They've been trying to get that approved and it lasts for forever. You look at the military, you look at what we've done with V.A. Choice, we had V.A. Choice approved.

I used to talk about it all the time in New Hampshire. We got V.A. Choice approved. It's been incredible, an incredible success. It was a year ago it's been an incredible success. You hear all the good news coming out of the V.A.

And all of the jobs, you know, we set records on jobs. Jack, we have the highest number of people working in the United States right now that we've ever had, almost 160 million people, and unemployment rates at the lowest. So, I mean, we've done a lot, Jack. We've done a lot. It's hard to say one specific thing.

Two Supreme Court judges in another 90 days we will have had our 179 federal judge. That's a big difference from what we had before. It's a huge impact on the court. So, we've done a lot but I'm really happy to say for New Hampshire because there's so much into the military. V.A. choice is really something that is very important and very special.

The vets are being treated properly, finally.

I think so. He's a great quarterback. I mean, there's never been anybody like him, right? There's nobody better.

He's a great -- He's a great person and he's a great quarterback. Thank you, Jack.

You take care of yourself. So long.