Well, I think we should do more because other countries have done more. If you look at Germany, if you look at Japan, if you look at so many others, they're cutting much more. In fact, they're borrowing money and getting paid to borrow money, and we're paying interest. And we're the most prime in the world.

We're doing -- we have this great economy. We're doing better than we've ever done. Our employment numbers are the best they've ever been and unemployment numbers also. We are doing great. But we should be cutting. There's no inflation.

Yes, I think what he does is -- I don't think he knows how to play the game very well. They've raised too fast. And I've been saying this openly.

And they've lowered too slow. And he took 25. Some people were hoping for 50. He did 25. But the fact is, when Germany gets paid to loan money, I mean they're loaning -- they're borrowing money.

So they're borrowing -- think of it, they borrow money, and when it comes time to pay it back, people pay them.

And we can't participate in that and it's because of the Fed. So I'm not thrilled with the Fed. But, despite that, we have an incredible economy, and we don't have inflation.

It's safe. Yes, it's safe. I mean, sure, why not.

No, I don't pause. I mean he's got a job and, you know, I'm disappointed in him. I'm very disappointed in him. I think he raised far too fast. He also did quantitative tightening, which was not a good thing to do. But it's all right. And, look, we have a great economy and that's not going to make the difference, but it would have given us an edge.

And instead somebody else has an edge. But they're so far behind us, they can't catch us.

Well, we'll see what happens. I mean you may have some very strong hit. We're the strongest military in the world by far. When I came in, we were depleted. Now we're very powerful. We have new planes, new missiles, new everything. Every form of equipment. We're building many new ships, as you know, new submarines.

We're doing things that we haven't done in many, many years. I came in, we were depleted. I told you yesterday, they were very low on ammunition. And I'm being nice when I say that. And I said, that should never happen to another president. Well, we'll see what happens. A lot of things could happen. If we can have a peaceful solution, that's good.

It's possible that that won't happen. But there's never been a stronger country militarily. Not even close.

Well, this was not here two weeks ago. So this is all brand new wall. This goes miles up the mountain over here. This goes -- I mean you're seeing that this goes miles down in this direction.

And we're building -- and we're building -- no, we have -- we'll have --

Well, this section is 14, but we're building many that are 50 and 40 and 17 and different areas. We're building on many different sites all up and down along the border. And they get hooked in. Different contractors bid it out. This would be far too much for one contractor to build. But you see the length of this.

So that's just a Democrat --

Well, this is Tijuana, and it's been a very, very tough section. A lot of people -- thousands of people are over there trying to get into our country. They can't get in. But, Tijuana, we have a double wall. That's an 18-foot wall.

That's the border. And then if they get over here, they can't get up this wall.

No -- nobody. And we had mountain climbers. We had, in a couple of cases, championship mountain climbers --

And we tested various walls. You have to have the see through ability, otherwise you don't know who's on the other side. They weren't able to get over this wall.

Well, we're making their job a lot safer, too. And, you know, what else is happening, people aren't even coming up. You see the numbers are going way down and we're not doing a catch and release anymore. And we wish we had help from the Democrats in Congress, but they've -- they want open borders. They don't want this.

They want criminals to come in. They want human traffickers, crooks.

No, they've been -- I know, but they -- I know, but the problem is, I didn't have the votes because, in the Senate, we needed 60 votes and we only had, as you know, we were nine votes short. So we had 51. Now we then a good election and we picked up some more.

Well, there's nothing -- but here's the problem. In the House we had no problem, we'd get it approved, right? But in the Senate, we had 51 votes and we needed 60. So that means we needed nine or 10 Democrat votes they wouldn't give us any. We had no democrats. So just, you know, it's a total misnomer. We had a very tiny majority and we needed nine to 10 votes.

And if we didn't get them and we couldn't get them. We had the Republican votes but we didn't have any Democrat votes. So they wouldn't give us the votes.

No, we're not moving on anything. We're going very slowly in one way, because we want to make sure it's right. We want to -- we're doing a very careful job. We're working with the Democrats, we're working with Republicans. Our Attorney General has done a fantastic job in so many ways, he's also in on it and he's looking at it and looking at it very --

Part of the problem that we have is because of Beto O'Rourke's statement about taking away guns.

All of the -- a lot of Republicans and some Democrats now are afraid to do anything, to go down that slippery slope. A lot of people think this is just a way of taking away guns and that's not good, because we're not going to allow that. Look, I'm a very strong believer in the Second Amendment. You are too.

But, I'm a very strong believer in the Second Amendment, we're going to protect our Second Amendment, we have plenty of ideas. But, we're going to make sure those ideas work.

I do.

I am, if it's not going to hurt a good, solid, great American citizen from keeping his weapon because they want that and they are entitled to that. We have a Second Amendment. I don't want to have crazy people have guns, I don't want to have bad people have guns, but we're going to do nothing to hurt the Second Amendment, and what we want to do is see if we can come up with a compromise and that's what we're working on.

Well, the reporter who called me was a horrible reporter and you'll have to ask the Attorney General about whatever is going on. And on McCabe, certainly, what he's done is just despicable. But, we'll see what happens, we'll see where it all goes. I think that there's a lot of things happening right now, but we'll see what happens.

I -- I -- you know, whoever it is -- my attitude is, whoever it is, Elizabeth Warren is doing better than Joe right now. Joe's having a hard time. We'll see what happens, whoever it is I'll take them on and we'll do well.

I really think that my standing is the best it's been. We had a poll today, 51 percent, and that's despite all of the fake news and all of the -- I say the Democrats and the media, really, are like one. They're -- as if one. But, I think that we're probably doing the best we've done. I think people see what's happening here, people see what's happening with our military, what's happening with the vets where we got Choice (ph) approved.

You look at all of the things that we're doing, even where you have an attack like in Saudi Arabia where people thought that maybe our oil price was going to double, they barely went up and now they're coming rapidly down.

No, we're in great shape. I think we're going to be really in good shape. We've had a lot of fake news, but despite the fake news, our poll numbers are fantastic.

Thank you very much. Thank you.