Well, thank you very much, Larry. And I greatly appreciate the nice things you've said. I very much appreciate it. Thank you.

It does. It get better. You have a big voice, I will say that.

Well, we're getting wealthy people to go in and companies to go in and spend a lot of money on developing areas of this country that a lot of people have and they've really forgotten about. We talked about the forgotten men and women. These are areas that have been forgotten about by governments, both Republican and Democrat.

And we got together with a great group of people including Tim Scott, who's been very active from South Carolina, a senator, a great guy, and came up with a plan for Opportunity Zones and a tremendous idea. The impact that we're having in such a short period of time is amazing wages are up by 8% in those areas.

Values are going way up for the people that have houses and so many things are happening but most importantly it's jobs. We've created a tremendous number of jobs, and we're healing parts of cities and usually cities but cities and other areas that have been just decimated for many, many years.

These are private dollars that are going in and the people are doing it right and there's better leadership that way. And you know they have something to gain and they want to make sure that the property is being built properly on time, on budget. And just so much work is being done and so many jobs are being created.

You know, where we have the best job numbers that we've had in the country and fifth in over I guess 51 years and African-American and you've heard me say this in speeches African-American unemployment is the lowest it's ever been in history. Hispanic employment and unemployment is the lowest it's ever been in history and you take women, you take Asian, you take any group.

It's better than just about ever before it's been an incredible thing.

Right. One of the big things in the tax cuts and the money is not only that the extra money that people have they're going home with thousands of dollars more money than they would have had before the tax cuts.

They finally, it took them a long time but it's had a big impact, tremendous impact on why we're doing so well as a country. Our GDP is at 3%. We haven't hit that number in 15 years. We are doing great. I mean, all over the world we're the envy with the hottest country in the world economically.

Well I appreciate that question because this should never happen to a president or to this country again, what took place. And you'll see a lot of very strong things come out tomorrow. Attorney General Barr is going to be giving a press conference, maybe I'll do one after that, we'll see. But he's done -- he's been a fantastic attorney general he's grabbed it by the horn.

What's happened, you've been watching yourself. I mean, what's happened is unthinkable with Struck and Paige, and Comey, and McCabe and all of these characters, and Brennan and Clapper, and you know, you look at what Comey did as the director of the FBI, it's a disgrace, it's a disgrace to our country. And I think that I'm going to maybe -- I hope I'm going to be able to put this down as one of my great achievements actually.

Well, I'd rather save that for another interview with you and I, and I will do that. But it's --

Because it is such a big statement to make but there are those that say how is it possible, and I would -- how is it possible that he didn't know. And I guess you have to put yourself in that category. And I can put myself in that category. I mean, we're talking about pervasive horrible things that were happening and it would certainly be hard to believe that he didn't know what was going on but we're going to leave that for another day.

Well, I will and actually the owner is a he's really a good guy. He's he's been a supporter and he's -- he's done a very good job. You have a good team you got to make sure that quarterback is gonna be healthy. It's really it's a game of quarterback. You -- you see these teams that all of a sudden when they hit goal they get the right quarterback, and be nice to pick a Tom Brady in the sixth round but it doesn't happen, that would never happen that way before but you -- the Redskins have a very good team.

They -- they need the solidity of the quarterback. I mean unfortunately I think they had a really good quarterback who got hurt.

Devastating. And I'll -- I'll ask you, is he coming back? He's...

It was that bad of an injury. You know it's funny because he went through many seasons of football. I think he's a really underrated quarterback. It's like they always sort of had somebody standing behind him.

And he had take San Francisco, he'd take wherever he were, he'd do really well. And then they always sort of had a backup that took over. I think he's a very underrated guy. It's really too bad that he's not coming back because I think he's a very good quarterback.

Well thank you very much. I look forward and we'll go together.