Hi, Trish.

Yes.

Well, it's a little bit more of yesterday. Yesterday was rough and probably tomorrow is going to be very bad, and it's a terrible thing. People are starving; people are dying. There's no food; there's no water. It's just a terrible situation. You see what's going on. And we're doing everything we can do, short of, you know, the ultimate.

There are people that would like to do -- have us do the ultimate, but we are -- we are -- we have a lot of options open. But when we look at what's going on there, it's an incredible mess.

Well, some of them I don't even like to mention to you because they're pretty tough. But you know, we see what's happening with respect to the hunger. You don't see things like this anymore. And they don't want food. Maduro won't accept food. I think he should, frankly. I think it would be better for him if he did, because you have people that are starving.

And they become desperate. And you see what's happening on the streets, and the streets are very dangerous, and it's very dangerous for, I mean frankly, everybody, everybody. And we haven't seen a scene like this in many, many years. And when you think how wealthy this country was, Trish, this country was one of the wealthy countries, not just there but this was one of the wealthy countries of the world.

And now, you look at what's going on, where they don't even have food, where they can't get water. The water is filthy dirty, and people are getting sick. It's a terrible, terrible thing.

Right.

Well, he's certainly -- tough, but I think he's losing a lot of control. He really did go out and do things that are bad, it's an extension of his -- of previous, and previous was bad. It was unacceptable. I mean, it was horrible and unacceptable. It's really a failure of socialism. And I don't know, maybe this is beyond socialism, but this is socialism, and you see what happens.

Now, they're talking about it for our country. I can't believe it's real, you know, when you hear some of the things being said. But they're talking about socialism for our country. That's not going to happen, especially with how well we're doing. But -- and Maduro is -- he's a tough player, and it's awfully tough to play close though when nobody has food.

And that's what's happening.

And he's still there.

Well, it's not acceptable. If that's the case, it's not acceptable. You hear a lot of different rumors. You hear rumors that he was. You hear rumors that he was leaving a different way. I'm hearing rumors about Russia, and I'm hearing a lot about Cuba. And we'll do a very, very strong embargo and sanction on Cuba.

It depends on what's going to happen. They have a very -- they have a lot at stake, too, because it's not like they're exactly boomtown, boomtown -- I used to say Boomtown, USA, but they're awfully close to the USA.

And somehow, I'm thinking to myself, I better not say that. But it's -- they're not -- they're not -- they're not a boomtown. That's for sure. They're not doing well. And with the right moves, Cuba could do very well, you know? We could open it up, but we're going to end up closing it up if they don't get out of Venezuela.

So we're trying to help people. We want to deliver food and medical. There's no medical. You have children that are unbelievably sick. There's no medical. They have doctors without medicine and it's a -- you know it's great people. The Venezuelan people -- I know a lot of people from Venezuela, they're incredible people.

They work so hard and it just went -- they had the wrong -- the wrong form of government. They had the wrong two people. And Maduro has just been not doing -- not doing the job.

Good.

Well, I hope it doesn't happen. I've been watching him on the streets and right on the streets where people get killed and he's out there doing rallies. He's actually very brave in a true sense. But I've been watching him and watching the moves, and you know I've -- there's a lot of spirit for him. And it is from a constitutional stand point.

It's the way it's supposed to be. He was elected. They -- their -- they should be running it. Now, at least we can go in and help them a little bit with -- and maybe a lot depending on what -- I mean the advantage they have is they have oil. It's more  between China and Russia and all the money that's been poured in there over the years.

They just -- they just sucked money out of everybody in order to get -- you know it's just -- it's a terrible situation. It's like an incredible thing, because they have mortgaged their oil almost to the maximum. But we'll see what happens there. You know you wonder what happens to -- that's called foreclosureville USA, I guess.

But China's in and Russian's in...

No, no when you think about it -- when you think about it though what -- what they have -- what has to be done you -- you really do. Essentially it's called a country foreclosure. The place is so bad and so dangerous and all the wealth, but the wealth is all mortgaged out. But -- so something's going to have to be done even there -- even there because the amount of money that's loaned for that oil.

You know the -- the loans for that oil, they don't give them any breathing room. So it's not what people think. It's not actually...

Well, it's wrong and it's -- what it is, is it's a humanitarian thing. When you look at what's happening, we would really like to see a successful country. We like it the way it was before this group got in there. Before the -- and the predecessor, I guess, they say was worse. I'm not sure. I think maybe Maduro is worse.

He started -- I was asking somebody the other day with a great knowledge of Venezuela who was worse and frankly -- but you know Chavez started the process and now it's -- and now it's really been just wiped out. The whole thing is wiped out.

Right, and I knew Venezuela, I understood what Venezuela -- and a lot of great Venezuelan people -- Venezuelan people living in Miami. And this should not be happening, so we'll see what happens.

A lot of things will be -- a lot of things will be going on over the next week, and maybe sooner than that --

We'll see what happens.

Well we're not going to need it, because we have it from other sources, we're building the wall, and by next year -- the end of next year we will have probably around 400 miles of wall up. We're building a lot of it now, we've given out a lot of contracts, we have a lot of contracts that have been left. And we're building a lot of wall, and unfortunately you know it's a massive area that we have -- that we're talking about --

No, but -- well it's going to do a big -- it's going to do a lot of it, because we're adding that on to some of the things that we've already renovated. And we've actually done a lot of work, and we're doing it -- would've been a lot easier if we had the money. You know, originally people were talking about $20 to $25 billion, you don't have to spend that much it's not nearly that much.

We've cut it down -- I've actually gotten a better wall for much less money. And we're getting great speed out of it too. But we have it from different sources, different parts of government, including the military. The Army Corps of engineers has done a really good job, and --

Yeah it's being built -- it's being built right now. I mean, as we speak it's being built, and a lot of it.

So and again, if I -- if somebody were to say you could have 400 miles -- you know what 400 miles is? Four hundred miles, that's a lot -- that's a lot. And we'll have that done by the end of the year -- next year.

And we're trying to pick -- you know, we're building it in big sections. And we're trying to pick the sections that -- not necessarily the best for construction, but the best for keeping the people out and keeping the drugs out. And you know, it's so bad the --

Go ahead.

That's true.

I hope so --

Right.

I hope so, and we're going to be submitting something over the next two weeks where we have a merit based system. We need people, look -- I have the companies coming back in to the United States like you wouldn't believe. You've reported it. I mean Toyota's coming in with $14 billion, and many of the car companies are going in to Michigan and going in to all of the different -- Ohio, and Pennsylvania, North Carolina, South Carolina, Florida.

They're coming into all of these states, and they're coming in tremendously. I mean, it's going to be -- it's incredible what's happening, we need people, to be honest.

We have a lot of -- you know we have a very low unemployment rate. We have the lowest rate we've had in 51 years. We're going to soon set the record. And all of that's good, but we do have to be able to, you know, power up these -- these companies that are coming in. They're not going to be able to come in if they're not going to be able to get people.

So a lot of that's happening --

Well look at what happened, we just did 3.2 and frankly if we would have had the Obama interest rates -- you know, where they kept them very low, which is not necessarily good, but if we would have had those low interest rates we could have been much higher than that. But 3.2 is a number that they haven't hit in 14 years.

Well I guess they want to treat him differently than they have anybody else. And for many, many years they've never done it this way where they're bringing in outside counsel or something. And that's not the way -- you know you elect people. They're supposed to be able to do their own talking. But he did a fantastic job today I'm told.

I got to see some of it. He did a fantastic job. And it's all a big hoax, this whole thing with Russia. It turned out there is no collusion. There is no obstruction. You've covered it better than, frankly, almost anybody if not anybody but there was -- the whole thing is -- it's just a terrible blot on our country and what it represents.

But there was never obstruction, there was never collusion. You look at it, it's all just -- it's a political game. Now I'll tell you on the other side, there's plenty to be talking about. They covered, I heard, very much with Strzok and Page and the insurance policy and all of the things that happened that are so terrible, so disgusting frankly.

Comey. And you look at all the Democrats; they all wanted to fire Comey until I fired him. You know Schumer, every one of them -- I would say practically every one of them, they wanted him out, and then as soon as I -- as soon as he's gone they were all holier than thou. Oh, that's such a terrible thing to do. Look, it's all politics...

It's terrible. It's terrible.

-- today.

That must have been exciting. REGAN: Well there was... but you know volume one left me saying "What the heck did we do?" And then volume two just had me saying "Well goodness -- for goodness sakes why is there a volume two when you discovered in volume one that you never had a problem?" So you've now got Attorney General Barr being subjected to the politics of the moment.

What do you think ultimately happens? This is going to go into 2020.

Well, I think people are tired of it. The big thing was collusion, because you know collusion is a whole different ball game. And as you say when there's no conspiracies, there's no crime, there's no anything. In fact I guess they -- they said the campaign repulsed efforts to come in. But you know when you look at the other side...

They tried to. I know they probably tried for her campaign too. And if you look at Obama -- President Obama in September, he learned a lot about things, he didn't do anything and nobody likes to talk about it. It's a very one sided deal but I think it's turning very quickly and a lot of things are coming out, Trish, that nobody thought would be possible.

If he wrote this as a novel, it couldn't sell because it wouldn't be believable.

Well I haven't even heard that, I mean it's so ridiculous. He's an outstanding man, he's an outstanding legal mind, and I heard he was really -- he performed incredibly well today. And for the country he performed well --

Well she was probably very nasty. How about these three people, three of them were running for -- three of them, they're not doing very well -- but three of them are running for a particular office. I think that maybe you're talking to the person right now, they're running -- see you have three of them running against me, and they're out there ranting and raving like lunatics, frankly.

And they're running -- and how is that fair? So you have Bill Barr, highly respected, great Attorney General and he's got to take the abuse from people that are running for office? They don't care about this, they're just looking for political points, and I really think that the American people see through it so easily, Trish.

I mean it's so easy to see through --

Well I don't want to say necessarily, I'm not sure I care. But it looks like Bernie is slipping --

Sleepy Joe, he is a sleepy guy. I don't care. No it just seemed to be what happened is the fireman love Trump, the policemen love Trump, the military they -- I mean, the relationship we have, look what we've done for the military $716 billion, it was really depleted and troubled. So you know these people love -- and then the -- the firemen or the international comes out and they always do, they have for many, many years but they go with the Democrat, with Joe.

And the firemen and women they went crazy when they saw it -- they went absolutely crazy because they're going to be voting for me -- they're all going to be voting for -- I had it the last time. The heads of the unions voted for Hillary, or as we say affectionately, Crooked Hillary, which turns out to be so true.

But the heads of the unions went that way and the people went my way, so that's

I think -- I think Biden would be easier from the standpoint that you will have so much dissension in the party, because you're going to -- it'll make four years ago look like baby stuff. Because you know, they're looking to see what they want to do -- is they want to see if we -- you know, they want to get in. They want the radical left, they want the left movement, and he probably isn't there.

And I think you're going to have tremendous dissension just like Hillary did. She had tremendous dissension with the Bernie people. You know, a lot of the Bernie people, Trish voted for me you saw that. People were shocked --

But a lot of them -- a lot of them voted for me.

Because of trade. I think the Bernie people, the one thing that I have in common with Bernie is trade. Because he knows that the world is ripping us off, and I've stopped it and am in the process of stopping it. He could never do what I'm doing now. Now we're negotiating with China, we're negotiating with Japan, we're negotiating with all of these countries that have just ripped off our country for years, and years.

We lose $68 billion with Japan. We lose $500 billion with China. We -- you know, I put tariffs on China. They're paying us billions and billions of dollars.

And they're negotiating because of that.

Well, it's part --

Sure. I mean, look, it's been -- it's a very major part of our deal. It's -- you know --

Well, I'm a person -- I'm a person that believes in tariffs, when somebody's taking advantage. If I wasn't able to use tariffs -- I found these really great, very old laws that haven't been used in a long time, had I not had the power of tariffs, and I can sign them myself -- had I not had that power, we wouldn't be having great deals.

You're seeing the deals we're making, including South Korea. We made a great deal with South Korea. That was the deal made by Hillary Clinton. It was a horrible deal. She said it's going to produce 250,000 jobs, and it did, for South Korea. Not for us, OK, for South Korea. Anyway, we worked that deal, made it a good deal, but without tariffs, you could've never done it. You could've never done it. Just the threat, because they don't want the tariffs -- they don't the tariffs.

And just the threat was -- it was great.

That's good. We have -- all options are on the table. We'll see. We want to help people. We're not interested in anything else, other than helping people. Look, Trish, they're dying. They're dying. They're starving. They have no water; they have nothing. It's incredible. If you would've looked 20 years ago, as you said, if you would've looked 25 years ago, this was one of the wealthiest countries.

And now they're all dying of starvation and things that wouldn't even believe possible today.

And it's great that you're reporting on it. It's great that you're reporting on it, because, frankly, it hasn't been given enough attention. And you're bringing it out, and it's really important that you're doing that.