Thank you very much, and you have a great show.

I mean, I just read a lot --

About that. I know --

I've heard it, Bill. It was so nice.

No, because it doesn't work. We've been managing it well, and we've done -- you know I had a decision to make. Do I manage it well, or do I manage it poorly? And managing fully would be really tough. So we managed it, as well as it could be managed, but still the price is too high. You take a look at the deductible.

It's way -- I mean, you have the deductible, you can practically not even use it. So Obamacare is a disaster. We had it beaten. Ond then one man late in the evening decided, Bill, that I think I'm gonna -- after eight years of campaigning, I think I'm gonna vote against it. And he did something, but it's actually maybe gonna work out very well.

It looks like it's gonna work out very well. But Obamacare knows is a disaster.

Right.

Well, the whole thing is incredible. I watched both nights and much of it each night. This was not a very exciting evening of television. But I watched and I guess it's probably four or five. It's down to four or five. I can't imagine somebody else coming up. But I don't think it's what our country represents, number one.

And when you look at open borders, how about the open borders, where everybody can just come in, and you know we're stopping them now. In fact, we have Mexico stopping them because Congress -- the Democrats in Congress won't -- will give us no votes for border security. Can you believe it? No votes. So we'll get them.

I think we're going to get them in the next election. But I'm just watching, and it's incredible to think people come up -- many of these people are not good people. They're convicted of lots of bad crimes and they want open borders where they just flow into our country. It's not happening. We won't let it happen, and we're doing really well.

And I have to say Mexico has been great. Now I said if you don't, we're going to have to do tariffs on your products coming in. And right now, they have 21,000 soldiers, and it's been -- it's had a tremendous impact.

Well, the whole thing with Biden talking about hearings, it's so crazy with judges. We're the only country in the world, or just about, where people come in Bill, they come in and they get a trial, so we hire Perry Mason. And it's a big deal. And the trial we say come back in four years. It's just so crazy.

But with here, nobody else has judges. They come in other countries they come and they say sorry you have to get out and in this country they come in as welcome to litigation. But we have it -- we've done a lot. You know, we could solve it very quickly with the Democrats. It will take literally 20 minutes to solve, but they don't want to do it.

No. I think not just me. Well, they called Nancy Pelosi a racist two weeks ago too. So you know it's one of those things. But anytime they run out of ammunition, they start throwing the R word out there. It's a terrible thing. I mean, it's a terrible thing. I'm the least racist person there is. But it's a terrible thing.

But I think I've exposed everybody for what they are, and Baltimore has been a very good example. You look at it, it's gotten billions and billions of dollars over the years, and the money has been wasted or stolen.

Well, President Obama said that manufacturing jobs are gone. You'd need a magic wand, if you remember that expression, a very famous expression. And we've added 600,000 in the country and a lot more are coming. I mean, frankly we need people to work because we have the lowest unemployment rate very soon in the history of our country, lowest with African-Americans, lowest with Asians, lowest with Hispanics.

We have the lowest. So I mean, we're just -- we're doing great. But we're bringing back manufacturing jobs, Bill, and that's very important. They're best jobs. I mean, these are great jobs, high-paying jobs, talented people, and they're coming back like never before. And I'm just -- I just got numbers that Ohio is now having the best year in its history.

I would love to see it, and I love those people that are outside. And I wonder if I could get to say hello to them tonight, I'd say hello. But it's happening more and more. And look, the best unemployment rate they've ever had, the most African-Americans working right now in the history of our country. Think of it, more people are working, African-Americans good jobs than they've ever had -- that we have ever had in our country.

So that's really nice when you tell me something like that. I appreciate it.

I love it. That's a great -- that's a great -- this is one that's gonna be used, I guarantee.

Bill, I want to thank you. You've been such a great friend, and I just want to thank you very much.

Thank you.