Good to see you.

Thank you very much.

Thank you. It's an honor.

Nice crowd we have out there.

This is good. Oh...

Well, the police asked me to speak and this is a nationwide conference, and it's my honor -- greatly honored to speak. We've gotten tremendous support from the police, and they've gotten it from me. So I'm speaking to the police.

Well, it's really something that I'm very proud of, what we've done over the years. We've given them tremendous equipment and material to work with, which previous administrations didn't do. Our numbers are great. Chicago numbers are not good at all, but the numbers outside of Chicago, throughout the country, have been fantastic.

In Chicago, the numbers are horrific. You know, what they're doing here is not -- not good. Whatever they're doing, they're not doing it right. But outside of Chicago, if you look at our crime numbers, they're way down.

Well all you have to do is take a look at your numbers, where you have five and six hundred murders a year, and you have all of the problems that you've had, and it can be straightened out with proper management, and you need leadership. But it can be straightened out. Other cities have had big problems and they straightened it out.

Well, there is no rhetoric. All I do is ask for people to do a good job. He doesn't do a good job. He should be here to be with other police so he can learn from them, because obviously what he's been doing has not been working.

Well, I haven't seen that I saw a lot of supporters outside, tremendous supporters. And it's a great place. It's a great city. I have big investments in Chicago -- you know it's a very special city, and it's a city, frankly, that needs work on crime, because when you look at what's going on, that's not emblematic of the city, when you look at what's taking place.

So, hopefully they'll get their act together and straighten it out.

Sure, down from what? Down from the highest crime numbers we've ever had. So, you know, they're down a little bit, and they have to go down, not just a little bit. They have to go down many many times.

Well, there well may be. I mean, we're looking at it very seriously, something we don't want to do, but we are looking at it. You can't have 70, 80, 90 shootings over a period of a week ,and people being killed all the time, constantly. So, we are looking at that very seriously, intervention.

I don't think it's systemic at all. It's not systemic. It's -- you need leadership at the mayor's level, and you need a police commissioner, police superintendent that can do the job, and obviously that's not what you have.

That's one of the reasons your crime numbers are so horrible in Chicago. It's a sanctuary city. We've had many -- but I'm going to be speaking about it in a minute. You've had many instances of horrible crime that wouldn't have taken place, except for the fact that this is a big, fat sanctuary city, and it's not good.

I'm blaming the crime on sanctuary city. I'm blaming it on a lack of leadership, and a police superintendent that obviously doesn't know too much about what he's doing.

No, I don't think he should. I think he was sentenced very harshly, and I don't know him, other than for a very brief period. I always found it to be very nice, but I think he was treated very harshly. Very, it was a very, very severe sentence, and there were a lot of people that disagree with that sentence.

No, he should not at all give up hope at all. And we are looking at it.

Well, I will say this again, and not in terms of federal aid but the sanctuary city situation in Chicago is causing it to have lots of problems, and leadership is causing it to have lots of problems. But no, not in terms of federal aid, no. I'd just like to see them get their act together, because I love the city.

I love this country, and I don't like to see murders and shootings constantly coming out of Chicago, especially when the rest of the country is doing so well.

No, I would not consider that, no. I own the building. Why would I consider that? It's always been an asset. Now, frankly, we just -- we're doing a great job as President. Our numbers, we just had an all time high in the stock market today, again. The S&P just hit the all-time high. Highest in its history.

Unemployment is the lowest in history, just about, for almost every group. African-American, Asian American, Hispanic American. Lowest numbers ever. Best unemployment numbers, and the best employment numbers we've ever had. Our country's booming. Our military is strong. We just got al-Baghdadi, which President Obama was trying to get for a long time, and he was unable to get, and other people, they've been -- we should have been gotten a long time ago.

We got him. No, the country is doing the best it's ever done, and we're very proud of it.

No. It's a city with tremendous potential. It was a city that was a very safe city, and now it's not a very safe city. And they have to do something about it locally, and if they don't do it locally the federal government will step in.

Thank you very much. Appreciate it.