Very good.

It's been an incredible trip. Last night was really quite unbelievable with the queen because that is a great woman.

It's true.

Yeah.

Well she would have been very proud. She would have not -- never thought in terms of president because I never talked in terms of running for president. I decided to do it and I won. I said to a couple of people I think I'm going to do it. And then I said to my wife I think I'll give it a shot, she said, "You know you'll win." But I will say that my mother would have been very proud.

She was a tremendous fan of this country. And she was a -- she loves Scotland. She grew up in Stornoway. She left at 19 for New York. She met my father and they were married for..

She loved the royals, she loved the queen. And I always noticed whenever anything was on about the queen she would watch. She was a big fan of this place.

I told her last night she was very honored, but my mother would always -- she just had great respect. She understood. My mother understand people very well. She knew people and she she got it right from the beginning. The queen is a great lady and my mother knew that.

Well, you know, I kept hearing, because I've been through some pretty big things, OK, and I kept hearing, I'd watch the news and see the news go on and they'd say, "He's never had to handle anything like this when he walks into that unbelievable room in Buckingham Palace and he sees everybody that's there and he looks at -- " The place is breathtaking.

As you understand better than maybe almost anybody. And they said -- I was noticing people saying, "Will he be able to handle the moment?" I said, "Oh, I've had some pretty big moments." But I have to say, sitting there I understood what they meant. It was really something.

Well, it's right up there. I mean, I had an inauguration, which I have to say was spectacular. And we had a big election night win that was, you know, one of the great evenings and outside of the personal things.

We had a great rapport. We had -- we had a conversation that lasted for an hour and a half nonstop.

And I think really we were -- Well I better not, I'm not going to say because --

-- I hear that we are not supposed to do that. In fact I said to her, "Tell me about this, I promise I'll never tell anybody about it." So I'm not going to break my promise in one day.

Well I have great respect for her. And yes I think I was probably -- I think I'm on good behavior most of the time but certainly last night and I really got what, I usually call them the fake news media because oftentimes they are fake, but I really got what they were saying because when you walk in there the moment is very impressive, especially when you're walking in with the queen and she can walk as fast as I can but they didn't do it. She walked very slowly and you know the certain grain of music and then later on we had the bagpipes from Scotland and...

I think you gave -- Yes, I think so.

Well it's always been right there and I've actually had a very good relationship with your prime minister, a lot of people don't know that. We've had a little bets but it's been very minor. And if you remember my last trip was really a very good relationship. But I have a good relationship with many of the leaders.

Prime Minister Rabi, very special, just got by. He invited me, as the only country, he invited me as representative of the United States and the first lady to be the only people at a special ceremony for the new emperor, which is the first in 202 years. You know it's a 3,000-year bloodline but it's the first time, where the emperor before death, abdicates.

I think it'll be great. I don't know what I'd be doing for the rest of it but I think it would be great but it was  a great thing in Japan. It was great. This was very, very

Yeah.

No. You know the question was asked to me and I didn't know that she said anything bad about me. It sounds like she did and that's OK. I mean, hey join the crowd, right? You've heard about that too with yourself.

I know that, right? But it seems like she had and they said some of the things that she said. And it's actually on tape and I said, well I didn't know. She was nasty. I was referring to her. She's nasty. I said she was nasty about me and essentially I didn't know she was nasty about me. So I said -- but you know what, she's doing a good job I hope she enjoys her life.

I think she's very nice.

Honestly, I don't know her. So I have to be honest, I don't know her. But it just shows you how terrible the news can be because if you read it, I'm sure you did, that was talking about nasty issues...

I don't mind clearing that up actually because you read it. I mean, they have the tape, they released a tape and CNN and some of the other phonies they went out and they -- they took the tape and they even tried to, you know, disgorge it from that. So what happened is they talked about nasty but we were talking about nasty she was nasty to me and that's OK for her to be nasty.

It's not good for me to be nasty to her and I wasn't. And in fact I think she's doing very well.

I did. I did. I congratulated him and I think he's a terrific guy. The royal family is really nice.

We didn't talk about it.

I was going to because it was so falsely put out there. And when you see that transcript and you see it it's the exact opposite of what they said. Did you look at the transcript?

Do you understand what I'm saying?

No, no, I don't think it was ambiguous.

No, no, no.

What she said was nasty, based on what they told me.

No, no, no, just the opposite. In fact, he spent a lot of time talking to Ivanka and talking to my family. I went up he was -- he couldn't have been nicer. Couldn't have been nicer.

I think he's great. How am I doing?

But see I'm only doing that because I mean it. No I really think he's great. I think he's a wonderful -- I think the family. I spent time in...

I did. I spent time with Prince Charles. I spent time with -- I mean we've been -- this has been two days of intensive -- It's not work because I like it and I really like the royal family and of course headed by the queen who is a woman like few others.

The environment.

We did.

Well we're going to have a 15 minute chat. And it turned out to be an hour and a half and he did most of the talking and he is -- he is really into climate change and I think that's great. I mean, I want that, I like that.

I totally listened to him and he also talked about architecture he is very much involved and I've done this for years. I think the architecture was earlier but he very much loves architecture and important...

What he really wants and what he really feels warmly about is the future. He -- he wants to make sure future generations have climate that is good climate as opposed to a disaster, and I agree. I did mention a couple of things, I did say well the United States right now has among the cleanest climates there are, based on all statistics, and it's even getting better because I agree with that.

I went the best water, the cleanest water. Crystal clean has to be crystal clean air.

Well you know you just said it, China, India, Russia, many other nations they have not very good air, not very good water in the sense of pollution and cleanliness. If you go to certain cities, I'm not going to name cities but I can, if you go to certain cities you can't even breathe and now that air is going up. So if we have a clean -- in terms of a planet, we're talking about a very small, you know, very small distance between China and the U.S. or other countries.

No, there is.

I believe that there's a change in weather and I think it changes both ways. Don't forget it used to be called global warming, that wasn't working. Then it was called climate change, now it's actually called extreme weather because with extreme weather you can't miss. Look, we have a thing now with tornadoes.

I don't remember tornadoes in the U.S. to the extent but then when you look back 40 years ago we had the worst tornado binge that we've ever had. In the 1890s we had our worst hurricanes and I would say we've had some very bad hurricanes.

I think I was. Yeah. I think we had a great conversation and it was about, as you would call it, climate change. But yeah, I think we had a very, very good...

I'll tell you what moved me is his passion for future generations. He's really not doing this for him. He's doing this for future generations. He really feels. And this is this is real. He believes that. He wants to have a world that's good for future generations.

And I do too. And that really -- He doesn't need that. You know he is Prince Charles. He doesn't have to worry about future generations in theory unless he's a very good person who cares about people. And that's what impressed me maybe the most, his love for this world.

True.

Right.

That's right.

I think it's incredible because I'm a big fan of Winston Churchill and I studied Winston Churchill and I said, "Where did you make all the phone calls to FDR, to Roosevelt, and President Roosevelt?" And they were showing me. Here's where he made that call. He is -- you know they have everything documented.

Well it's just an awesome responsibility. I will say being president of the United States, even the way they treated me, I think I have a very good relationship with the people in the United Kingdom. But is it me or is it the country, our country loves your country. I love your country.

I am half. I've been -- if you think about it, right? And...

Well if I ever said that I would be ridiculed all along. He is a great gentleman. I would certainly like to see similarities but I can't say that but...

Look. He -- What he did better than...

Well, whatever.

Let's just...

What I see with him is he was able to handle pressure very well. If you think about a man that handle pressure, he was being bombed, it was over. Hitler was unstoppable at the time. I mean, people forget that at that time Hitler was virtually unstoppable he was going through countries like cheese and he was out there calling Roosevelt, "You gotta get in, you gotta get in.", and then the big moment was Pearl Harbor.

In fact, I spoke to Prime Minister Abe the other night, I said, "You know, Pearl Harbor actually got us into the war indirectly and we helped Britain." That's when we came in. And Churchill probably knew that before anybody -- Churchill when he heard about Pearl Harbor he said, "Now they're coming into the war finally.

So there was a big moment.

It evens out.

It evens out. Now, he was a great man and he was a man that reacted so well under the gun, under a fire, under pressure, and there aren't many people like that. I respect that greatly.

I think so, yeah. I mean, I never like to have heroes. I like to respect people. But certainly he would be right up there. He would be somebody that you would most respect. He would certainly be a hero.

Well I always liked Ronald Reagan. I liked him for everything, other than, maybe, trade. I thought trade could have -- It just didn't seem to be enough of a focus and that was when we started doing foolish trade deals, that generation that it really sort of began then. But I thought he had a great way about him.

His way was incredible. His -- his manner, his bedside manner. That say about a doctor has a great bedside manner. Some doctors do and most of them don't. He had a great  bedside manner.

I actually think it's a lot better than people would think. We have tremendous support. I just found out we have 94% support in the Republican Party that's higher. Ronald Reagan was the highest at 86 and we have 94%. It just came out of approval, the approval rating.

The economy is doing great.

It's always -- it's always possible. Anything's possible. I don't know. He wanted to meet. It was very tough to meet and probably inappropriate to meet, to be honest with you. A lot of things are happening right now with respect to our country and your country, my country ,and let's call him almost the same because I feel that way it's really a tremendous relationship.

So I don't think it is appropriate to meet him but I would, I certainly would. I'd have no problem with it. I think it's a long shot when you say that, you know, it's not -- I don't think it's going to happen. You have a lot...

I don't see it being on the table. Somebody asked me a question today and I say everything's up for negotiation because everything is, but I don't see that being. That's something that I would not consider part of trade. That's not trade.

Well, yeah, Boris, who's -- who's doing well. I think Jeremy is doing well. I don't know too many of them but those two have a lot of respect for.

I don't know him. I met him last night at the dinner for the first time. I thought he was very good. You have a lot of good people running. I will say this, your next prime minister, whoever it may be, is going to be a very important. You have a very interesting moment in your country's history. Your next -- and I was saying to the Queen last night, the choice of your next prime minister is a very important choice.

You really have to get it.

He really is -- He really wants to be and he's openly non-political. The family is non-political. They want to be, they have to be, I think they have to be. I think it's pretty hard for them to go political, right? But he feels we have a lot of -- we have a lot of good choices. I do too. I think you really do have a lot of good choices.

I think it's very important that you get it right.

Well, the ultimate debt that was, you know, I was looking at some of these statistics that may have been the greatest battle ever in history. You know you hear so much about different battles not to mention any because they're all important, especially when so many people died in so many of them but there are those that say that was the greatest battle of them all.

And that was something really incredible and being there is going to be -- being at that site will be very interesting

Well I was never a fan of that war. I'll be honest with you, I thought it was a terrible war. I thought it was very far away. Nobody ever, you know, you're talking about Vietnam and at that time nobody ever heard of the country. Today they're doing very well, in fact on trade they are brutal. They're very brutal.

They're great negotiators, they're great business people but nobody heard of Vietnam and I say, "What are we doing? So many people dying. What is happening over there?" So I was never a fan. This isn't like I'm fighting against Nazi Germany, I'm fighting -- We're fighting against Hitler. And I was like a lot of people.

I wasn't out in the streets marching. I wasn't saying, you know, "I'm going to move to Canada.", which a lot of people did, but no I was not a fan of that war. That war was not something I should've been involved.

I would not have minded that at all, I would have been honored but I think I make up for it right now. I -- look $700 billionI gave last year and then this year $716 billion. And I think I'm making up for it rapidly because we're rebuilding our military at a level that it's never seen before.

It's terrible.

Because they take massive amounts of drugs, they have to. And also -- and you're not allowed to take drugs. You're in the military you're not allowed to take any drugs, you take an aspirin. And they have to after the operation. They have to, they have no choice, they have to. And you would actually have to break rules and regulations in order to have that.

Yes. Yeah, but you also had the...

I didn't know that they do.

Well it is what it is.. Look, massive amounts. And also, people were going in and then asking for the operation and the operation is $200,000, $250,000 and getting the operation the recovery period is long and they have to take large amounts of drugs after that for whatever reason, but large amounts, and that's not the way it is. I mean, you can't do that.

So I said, yeah, when it came time to make a decision on that, and because of the drugs, and also because of the cost of the operation and I'm -- people were going in...

Yeah.

Well I'm proud of them. I'm proud of them. I think it's great. But you have to have a standard and you have to stick by that standard and we have a great military and I want to keep it that way and maybe they'd be phenomenal. I think they probably would be. But again you have very strict rules and regulations on drugs and prescription drugs and all of these different things and they blow it out of the water.

So Iran is a place that was extremely hostile when I first came into office they were in 14 different states between Yemen, Syria, and then many other battle zones. They were behind terrorism in lots of different places. They were a terrorist nation, No. 1 in the world at that time, and probably maybe are today, and they were a funder of terrorism.

President Obama made a deal, the Iran nuclear deal, which was a terrible deal because it was a short-term deal, didn't do the trick. Paid $150 billion, paid $1.8 billion in cash, if you can believe it, in cash. And I was very much against that. I was very much against the deal. I terminated the deal and Iran is a much different country today.

There's always a chance. Do I want to? No. I'd rather not. But there's always a chance.

Sure.

Sure. Sure.

You're talking about talk?

Yeah of course. I'd much rather talk.

Sure. Sure. And I said that and he said that. He said the other day. He said I'm not looking to go to war with the United States. The only thing is we can't let them have nuclear weapons. I know so much about nuclear weapons. Don't forget, I'm the one that gets trained and has to study this as president.

No, but I see the damage done. I see the horrible damage done. No, no. I don't want them

That's right. It's a tremendous response.

I think it's a terrible responsibility but it's a responsibility I'm prepared to handle. I just...

I don't want to have to think about it. But there may be a time when I will have to think about it but I will tell you, Churchill didn't have to worry so much about the nuclear. That was early on. There was wasn't so far down the road, when you think about it. But he was very brave and he did a lot of great move and he was -- I don't think he was given credit certainly after what happened.

He was given credit later on after death. Much more so than he was after what he did in the war, which is always the problem. I say maybe sometimes you're better off tooting your own horn. I don't think he was given the proper credit certainly during his life. But the nuclear has to be solved. The nuclear is too big a problem it has to be solved.

No, I don't attack him. People ask me like you're asking me. I didn't bring his name up, you did.

You brought his name up, John McCain. So I'm not attacking him at all. I don't think about him. I was not a fan. I didn't like what he did to health care. I didn't like how he handled the veterans because I got him choice. He was always unable, he was on committees that he could've done...

No, no. Excuse me but, Piers, you're asking me a question.

If you don't ask me about John McCain I would never talk to him.

Somebody asked me the same question the other day.

But I knew nothing about that.

I'm not even sure it happened.

But here's the thing, I'm not even sure that -- first of all, I didn't know anything about it, but I'm not even sure it happened. Somebody said they're painting the ship and they had tarpaulins and they're painting the ship and they have tarpaulins all over the place. I have no idea if it happened or not.

I hear it's fake news but maybe it is, maybe it isn't. But again, I don't talk about John McCain unless somebody asks me about him.

Right.

Great.

So I'm running on maybe the greatest economy we've ever had. I'm in the midst of a couple of trade negotiations, which I think are going to work out very successfully because we have the cards, I have all the cards, you know with the piggy bank, with a bank that everyone wants to steal from and rob, and when you have that, you have the cards.

And I do have the cards and I have the cards on Mexico, cleaning up the country, their country so that we don't have the onslaught of millions of people trying to rush our border. So we have a lot of things that I'm working on. They're good things I didn't have to work on and I could have been...

I don't see anybody that I would -- This is not -- There is no Winston Churchill in the group. Let me put it that way.

No, I think that would be a big upset if he was, I tell you. That would be a --that would be a big surprise to a lot of people. No, there's nobody that I see that should be able to win. I -- look, I'm running on the best economy in our history. I've rebuilt our military, I knocked out ISIS, you know, I took it out.

That doesn't mean people aren't coming around that they're going to blow up their circus because they're crazy. These are crazy people. But when I took over ISIS was all over the place. Now we've taken back 100% of the caliphate. Nobody thought that was possible to do it that quickly. We have an incredible military.

Right. Right.

I ended it. That's right.

I don't like it.

Well I'd like to think about it. I mean, nobody's talked about silencers very much. I did talk about the bump stock and we had it banned and we're looking at that. I'm going to seriously look at it. I don't love the idea of it. I don't like the idea. What's happening is crazy. It's crazy what's going on with schools and not only in our country, I mean, not only in our country but again...

Sure, we have.

Yeah.

But in London you have...

But Piers, in London you have stabbings all over.

I read an article where everyone's being stabbed.

Well they said -- they said your hospital is a sea of blood all over the floors.

It's a sea of blood and they don't have .

Just talk about it. You have to talk about it. But Piers, when somebody has a gun illegally and nobody else has a gun because the laws are that you can't have a gun those people are gone, they have no choice. They have no chance. They have no chance. It's a very tough subject. But the bad guys are not getting rid of their guns, pretty much everybody agrees with that.

The people that obey the laws, if there was a law passed, they get rid -- Those people are sitting ducks. You know the one I think about the most is Paris, where there are so many people killed were that wacky group of people, went into the nightclub and they just boom, boom, boom, and they killed like tremendous numbers of people horribly injured, so many were still in the hospital, I read the other day.

No, but if we had -- if there was a gun on the other side...

If one or two or three of those people had a gun...

I'm just telling you...

Well what are you going to do? You're going to take the guns away from hunters, you have hunters.

Yeah.

Well a lot of them use it for entertainment. They do. I mean, it's really...

For some people it's entertainment. They go out and they shoot and they go to ranges and they have a tremendous amount of fun.

And he was just sick. And if it wasn't guns he would have done bombs or he would have done something else. He was actually a pretty smart guy. He was supposedly a good successful gambler and there's almost no such thing as a successful gambler. And he went out and he -- what he did was incredible. But he would've done...

He used the bump stock.

Right.

OK. Thank you.

Thank you.

We do.

Right.

That's beautiful.

I like it.

I like it.

Thank you, Piers. It's -- I never knew that kind of sensibility. That's so beautiful. Are you allowed to do this? He didn't do that.

He didn't do that. And he definitely didn't do that,right? I know that. Wow.

I'll try it. You know, right, because the one thing I proved by being a politician, it is my hair. They would've found out a long time ago.

I don't know but I do think he's a good person. I think it's gonna be a very...

Well, I guess -- I guess, well Nigel's another one. I like Nigel.

I don't want to say, I don't want to destroy...

I don't want to destroy anybody's career.

But they're good people. They're good people. And Jeremy's very good. I've gotten to know Jeremy.

I do. No, I think Jeremy is very good. Let me try this on.

No, it's a little big.

We'll see how that looks. I think -- I think Churchill...

I think -- I think Winston looked much better.

Thank you.

Thank you very much, Piers. Appreciate it.

Great to be with you. Thank you.