Well, thank you very much, Dan, it is my honor.

Well, thank you. But you know, I have no choice because the media is so corrupt. I have no choice. It's really not something I'm doing for anybody. I guess, I'm doing it for the people to get the word out because the Times and The Washington Post, and every network is, as far as I'm concerned, they're corrupt.

So, we get the word out at least.

Right.

Right.

The whole thing is a disgrace to our country. In the meantime, they're not doing any work. We have one of the greatest trade deals ever made and everybody wants it, including the Democrats and Nancy Pelosi, it sits at her desk for months, and she hasn't been able to do it, the USMCA, and everybody's going to vote for it, most Democrats.

Our farmers need it, our manufacturers need it, the auto companies need it, and she doesn't do a thing with it. And this which I just -- you know we went through the Mueller deal and that fizzled out when he testified, and frankly, long before he testified because there was no collusion. You know we went through the whole Russia hoax and you know that subject probably better than any human being in the world, you and a few other good friends.

But that was terrible. And then this -- I had about three days of rest, and then this thing hit me, based on a perfect phone call with a very nice person, who I think is going to do a good job. He won on corruption and he should be looking for corruption. That's how we won the race, as they say it in Ukraine, and he should be -- you know hopefully, he'll have back in it. He'll be able to do what he has to do because Ukraine has a tremendous reputation for corruption.

And I also wanted to know why isn't Germany and why isn't France and U.K. and all of these European countries, why aren't they giving? Why is it always the United States that's giving? And they're certainly, it's much more important to them because they're essentially a wall between them and Russia. That's like a big wall.

That's the ultimate wall. And they should be helping much more, and instead, it's the United States always the sucker. So, it's one of those things but we help them and we will help them, and I like the new President, and I very much liked and respected that. Last night, he issued a very, very powerful statement that should have ended this witch hunt.

And you know, the witch hunt, which is as you know Dan, gone on long before I won the election.

It was actually long before. When you go back to the insurance policy. You know just in case I should win, well, we're in the insurance policy phase right now with all of this nonsense. But so -- we have a -- you know it's an interesting time, but we're draining the swamp one by one. You look at Comey, he's gone.

You look at McCabe and you look at all of these people, struck and his lover page and Brennan, and you look at all of these people, and I'm -- I tell you, what I'm most looking forward to, I let our great Attorney General handle it. But what I'm most looking forward to is the IG report and the bull Durham report.

That's what I'm most looking forward to, those two things.

Absolutely. It's hard to believe.

Well, I think, because this is just out of the blue, this came up. In fact, I remember one of our people walked in, sir, did you ever have one of the lawyers, White House lawyers, who are doing a very good job. They walked in, they said, sir, did you ever have a conversation with the Ukrainian President.

I said, yes, the new Ukrainian President, and I actually had two conversations with him. I -- we just released the other one today and you saw that was milquetoast also. I think you probably heard Devin Nunes did a great job, by the way. His opening remarks were great but he just read that into the record because, as you know, Schiff didn't read what I said into the record.

He made up a conversation and read that into the record. That was one of the most disgusting things I've ever seen in politics. And if he didn't have immunity, he'd be in jail for what he did. So, that's the story. I mean, you know, when you hear about this whistleblower, everyone in Washington knows who it is, by the way.

You know the whistleblower is no great secret. The fake news doesn't want to print it because if it was a reverse type whistleblower, they would -- they would have a lot of different feeling. But the whistleblower, everybody knows who the whistleblower is and has to be revealed. The whistleblower wrote a report was -- which was mostly on the phone call that everybody now sees was a good call.

That's why they switched. They never thought, Dan, that I was going to release that call and I really had no choice because Adam Schiff made up a call. He said the President said this, and then, he made up a call. I think he's crazy, OK. I think he's crazy. I think he's a nut job and he's very corrupt but he made up a call.

He actually -- he either saw the letter or he didn't see it and did it first. Either way, he totally made up the call and in making up the call, it sort of sounds familiar because the whistleblower also made up something that bought no relationship to the real call. So, fortunately, the call was transcribed by experts and transcribed beautifully and that was the call.

When they saw, when I released it, Dan, everything started going downhill because the call was a perfect call. Mark Levin said it, Gregg Jarrett said it, you said it, a lot of very talented people said it, and if there was something wrong, they'd say that. But there was nothing wrong. There was nothing wrong with it nor is there anything wrong with the first call that they just read into the record.

But when I released the call, all hell broke loose on the Democrat side, including the fact that I've heard that Nancy Pelosi blasted them. She said you can't impeach a man on this call. But she had already gone public because she had read and she had heard the whistleblower report, which was a fake report.

So, the whistleblower gave a fake or fraudulent -- I'm not sure what you'd call it, gave a fraudulent report, a fake report, and based on that report, they started this whole nonsense. But just to finish, the IG should have never turned that report in because the IG should have taken that report. It was all about the call.

They should have taken that report and gone and asked, I would have declassified, would have -- should have asked for the call. When he read the call, he would have seen it was totally different than the political operative whistleblower and this thing shouldn't have even started. But the IG didn't do that so let's talk about the IG. The IG didn't do that.

The IG brought it directly to Congress. Let's get some publicity for himself. Then he brought it directly. He should have seen the whistleblower report on the call. He should have then asked to see the call, and when he sees the call, he would have been -- he would have -- he should have said, well, there's no case here. We also sent it to the Department of Justice after we received the whistleblower letter and they called back, and they said this is absolutely fine, nothing inappropriate said. We got a perfect report on it. And just one other thing that nobody mentions, Dan, is that.

When I make calls to foreign leaders, I know there are many people on the line. I mean, with my knowledge there are many people. That could be as many as 25 people, 20 people, five people, two people, but there are always people because you know, you're talking to the leader of a foreign nation and you even have an apprenti on the call I think.

You know, people in the State Department, and you know, all good reasons, and probably, some bad reasons because we have some bad people too, really bad people. But I knew that Mike Pompeo was on the call, the Secretary of State. I knew that other people were on the call. Fortunately, they transcribed the call.

How about -- how would it be if they didn't transcribe this call. I would have been in trouble. I would have had all these guys lying about a call. I would have had a whistleblower that people would have believed.

So, if -- I got lucky that they had it transcribed. These are professional people. But if they didn't transcribe that call, I'd be at the mercy of people that are lying all over the place. But I know everybody's --

I know everybody's on the phone, Dan.

So, I know all these people. Who's going to say something bad when I know there may be 25 people on the phone? It's so crazy.

Right.

No, no there's not.

This is the transcribed version and it's very accurately transcribed. I mean, that's exactly what I remember in the call.

Then, you had this guy -- then, Manuel, he remembers it slightly differently. You know him. He shows up in his uniform for the first time ever. Then, you have Vindman -- you have all these characters. You know these are people I've never met. I never even met. I never even heard of these people and they're either never Trumpers, some were appointed by Obama, but they could be never Trumpers.

You know, we took out Bush, we took out Clinton, we took out Obama. So, I end up with many, many years of a lot of bad people, thousands and thousands of people, and that's what I inherit, and they don't have the good of the country at that end, unfortunately. But I watch this guy and I heard this guy and did not appropriate because -- then, he did, you know, he did call in, check this out.

As I understand it, he called in because he had suggestions with the call, not strong, and he wrote a letter somewhere, he had some suggestions on the call. They were pretty minor as I understand it, and they were maybe accepted, you have to check that out. But you know now, he goes, like, oh, he didn't agree with the call.

But he actually wrote, I think a letter, to the White House counsel with some suggestions for the call, people should get that letter. They're very minor.

Yeah. I'm sure he'd do very well, he'd do very well. He'd do about as well as Swalwell does, you know. Watch this guy Swalwell.

Yeah. He goes on all the time. He gets more airtime than anybody and he ends up with zero. And then, they put him right back on the network, even Fox puts him on, which is really a disgrace. But he goes right back on the networks and they start talking to him like he's a great expert, he got zero. That means he got no votes, that's almost impossible.

I'll vote for you. I'll vote for you, although, almost. I tell you what, you would be in my book many, many, many people currently running. Thank you, any day.

Right.

If we get back the House, we're going to do a very big middle -- we've already done one, a very big -- we did pass the largest tax cut in the history of the country, bigger than Ronald Reagan's tax cut. But if we get back the House, we have to have the house, otherwise, you can't get anything through Pelosi.

For one thing, she doesn't work, she doesn't do anything. She can't even get the USMCA bill passed, OK? And every Democrat wants it, the Democrats, the Republicans, it's on her desk for three months, and she hasn't done anything on it. She can't get that -- she's too interested in impeachment. Although, she looks very bad right now.

I was going to say before, she was very angry when she read my phone call. She was given false information when she started this whole impeachment thing and she is not happy about it right now because she's getting hammered. The economy is doing phenomenally well. We're going to and that's despite the fact that we have a Federal Reserve.

Don't forget that has interest rates that are too high and Obama had zero interest rates. So, we're much higher. He was at $975 for eight years. We're at $5,000 but when you add the tax benefit, it's $2,500, and then, you add the regulation benefit because I've gotten rid of more regulations than any President in history by far.

Even if they were there for eight years or in one case more, now we've got more than any other President. When you add that that's another $2,000 now. So, what -- we're actually around $10,000, as opposed to $975 and our $10,000 is for two and a half years, a little more than two and a half years. That's a big difference.

And for President Bush that was $400 for eight years.

Well, a lot of people like indexing and it's a short-term boost, but it makes life very, very complicated for people. You have to go out and get appraisers every time you do something, every time you bring -- you know, a lot of people do like it. A lot of Republicans like it. It is a complex process for people.

It's very difficult. It's something we're looking at. It's a tremendous initial boost. I mean, I could do, I could do something it would be pretty amazing. But I want to do, I want to do the right thing. We are looking at it as a possibility. It has its tremendous assets and it's got some liabilities, Dan.

Right.

Well, what we've done by getting rid of the individual mandate, that's what you pay not to have insurance. I mean, you pay a lot of money for the privilege of not having to overpay for insurance.

It's a very -- it was the worst provision in Obamacare. It was totally unconstitutional but it escaped that, you know, it escaped it. And one of those things, but we got rid of the most important aspect of Obamacare, and frankly, if John McCain had raised his hand, Obamacare would be gone. What we have done in that very famous vote, after campaigning for eight years to get rid of Obamacare, remember, repeal and replace was his campaign.

And then, when he finally had a chance to repeal and replace it, 2 o'clock in the morning, he says, thumbs down. But that's OK, it may work out just as well because we got rid of them. We got rid of the individual mandate which is such a big deal. It's a big -- it's really the essence of Obamacare. And then, we've done something -- I had a choice.

Run it really well and do that knowing that some of the benefit endures to Obama and that's the right thing to do or run it really badly, and have people go crazy about how bad Obamacare is. And Secretary Azar and Seema and all his people over there have done an unbelievable job of running it, and we've made it OK. We've made it acceptable.

It's horrible, by the way, but we've made it very acceptable. Sometimes you'll hear people say it's not bad. That's because of getting rid of the individual mandate. Somebody said call it Trump care, fix it up a little bit more and do it, but what we're going to do is -- because we've really done a good job of management of it. It's a disaster.

But what we're going to do is if we get the House back, we are going to have a much better version of Obamacare that's cheaper, and you know, it's just a much better version, but also, much less expensive.

Right. That's right.

Well, number one, I hope everyone's in great shape on the court. We want them all to live very long and powerful lives. You understand that because if I answered that question without putting that in, the fake news will just absolutely rip me.

You understand. I want everybody happy and healthy on the court, but yes, I will stick to the list, 100%.

Right.

He's great.

Well, I think I've done more for the African-American vote maybe than any other President in history. Criminal justice reform, that was me, nobody else. They couldn't get it. Obama couldn't get it. Bush couldn't get it, nobody could get it. And I got criminal justice reform and I have Conservatives and Liberals in that deal.

That was very bipartisan and I got it done. Nobody could get it done. Nobody else would have been able to get it done. Dan, honestly, I mean that was not easy but we got criminal justice reform.

We had a lot of people celebrating that would not normally -- and then, two weeks later they say we must replace our President you know, etc. etc. But nevertheless, I had tremendous support on both sides and we had some dissension also, but tremendous support. And that was really -- it mostly affects the African-American community.

I mean, they're the biggest beneficiaries and they're very happy about it. The other thing, we've done with Tim Scott and some others is opportunity zones. It's the hottest thing there is in real estate practically. It's incredible how well -- you're going to see that millions of dollars is being put into locations that would not be invested in at all, locations that were abandoned.

And you'll see what's going on in Detroit and all over the country. We have thousands of opportunity zones. It's a big thing and a lot of money and a part of that is because the economy is so good. We have the best economy, probably, that we've ever had in history. So, if it's all about the economy stupid, you know, they call them that's -- you know, I guess that was a Clinton quote.

It's all about the economy stupid.

Because I guess I have to be winning because we have the best economy that we've ever had in the history of our country. And the other thing is, as you know, is unemployment numbers for Black, Hispanic, Asian, but the unemployment numbers for the African-Americans are the -- it's the best ever in history by far.

We have the lowest unemployment in history. We have the best employment numbers in history for African-Americans. So, I don't know. When I'm on the debate stage and I rattle those three things off, I would say that you know, I just don't know how you get beaten. I think we're doing really well with African-Americans.

We have tremendous support. Even Kanye West likes us and Jim Brown and so many people, Evander Holyfield and Herschel Walker, I mean, we have so many people and so many people that you don't know, so many people that -- you know the criminal justice reform, Dan, was a very big thing. I think it really -- people really -- it opened up their eyes like Alice Johnson.

She was in jail for 22 years for, she did something bad, but it was not that kind of -- I think she had another 20 years to serve and she's a phenomenal woman, and there are many people like that in prison right now. But she was in there for 22 years and for making a telephone call and drugs were involved.

But you know, it was really disproportionate. So, we have many people like that but it helps the African-American. As you know, it helps the African-American community far more so than any other community and the Hispanic community too, and getting criminal justice reform passed was a very big thing. So, I think people appreciate it.

Well, you know what, Dan? I just want to say, it's an honor to have you as a friend and somebody that sees --

It's not even a question of a supporter. You tell right from wrong and you did it from the first day I met you, and you're an incredible voice, and I don't know if you're a lawyer or not. Are you a lawyer by the way?

OK. Because whether you're a lawyer or not, you're better than any lawyer, OK? You're better -- you're more effective than lawyers. So, I want to congratulate you.

You're doing a fantastic job. Thank you very much, Dan. Thank you.

Goodbye.