Well, thank you, Sean, very much. It's an honor.

Well, we are very happy about it. It's gone on for a long time, almost since the beginning of my term, and you know, if you look at it, we've done so much despite that. But it was a cloud. It was a cloud that most people didn't believe, fortunately. They spent more than $30 million, hundreds of interviews of people, in some cases very innocent people that were put through the ringer.

Millions of document pages, millions and millions of document pages, and after that, there was no collusion, there was no obstruction. It was such a ridiculous thing that happened. On the other hand, you know, you look at, how did this start? How did it start? You had dirty cops. You had people that are about FBI folks.

I know so many. They are incredible people. But at the top, they were not clean, to put it mildly. And what they did to our country was a terrible, terrible thing.

Well, when I said there could be somebody spying on my campaign, a lot of things happened. It was like -- it went wild out there. They couldn't believe that I could say such a thing. And as it turned out, that was a small potatoes compared to what went on. When you look at what happened, and when it happened, and the money that was spent, the millions and millions on the phony dossier, and then they used the dossier to start things, and there was no truth whatsoever.

It was a fraud and paid for by Hillary Clinton and paid for by the Democrats and the DNC. It's hard to believe. If you wrote this as a novel, no one would buy it. It would be a failure because it will be too unbelievable. Nobody would believe it's possible, the things that went on. And we're getting to the bottom of it, and it's got to be -- I mean, you can never allow this to happen to another president.

This can never, ever happen to a president again, Sean. That was a disgrace and an embarrassment our country, that they were allowed to get away with this. Hopefully, they won't get away with it.

Well, people were hurt so badly, so badly. Their lives have been ruined and over -- you know, over something that should have never taken place, an investigation that should have never happened. There was no crime, as you know. You're only allowed to do this legally if there is a crime. There was no crime.

They've all admitted it. Comey, who is a terrible guy, Comey and McCabe and Strzok and Page, the lover, Page, and all of these people, they've admitted in testimony that there was no crime. So they'd started an investigation based on no crime. I will say this, our new attorney general, Bill Barr, is a great gentleman.

I've heard about him for years. He's a great man. Had he been there initially, this all would not have happened because what has gone on there is just a disgrace to our country.

So, but a lot of -- a lot of innocent people were hurt very badly, and it's very, very sad actually.

Well, I'm going to leave that to our new attorney general, who has been so incredible, actually. That's based on a lot of people saying, this is a very, very special person. That's what you need in that position. That's a very important position. You need so many different -- you need genius, you need rationality, you need different levels of good.

And I'm also going to leave it to Lindsey Graham. He's head of Judiciary and Senate and a very, very good guy and a very smart guy. You know, I'm just going to let them do whatever they want to do, and I would imagine they don't like what they see, to put it mildly. But you would have to ask them. I think it is much more appropriate -- I purposely did not want to involve myself in this whole thing.

I wanted to let other people do it. And I wish he didn't take so long. You know, we are talking about really longer than, if you think about it, longer than Mueller -- it was many months before that that Strzok and Page were talking about the insurance policy, right? The insurance policy -- just in case Hillary Clinton lost, they wanted an insurance policy against me. And what we were playing out until just recently was the insurance policy.

They wanted to do a subversion. It was treason. It was really treason. If the Republican Party had done this to the Democrats, if we had done this to President Obama, you'd have 100 people in jail right now and it would be treason. It would be considered treason and they'd be in jail for the rest of their lives.

But it worked out the other way, and, you know, it just is really a horrible situation. And an incredible outcome, or certainly very close to an outcome, and we'll have to see how it all started. But I'm going to leave that to other people, including the attorney general, and others, to make a determination.

But it's very, very important for our country to know, because in 50 years from now, and 100 years from now, if someone tries the same thing, they have to know that the penalty will be very, very great, if and when they get caught.

Well, as I told you, many, many people were hurt, incredibly hurt by this whole scam, just a scam. But it's much worse than that. It's at the highest level, and the importance is so -- what it meant our country, it's a very, very dark period, and I think maybe we are shedding a lot of light. We are going to come into a bright, beautiful, sunny day.

But when you mention General Flynn, he was a man who had an incredible record in the military, you see what happened to him. The FBI said he wasn't lying, as I understand it, and if the Mueller group said he was lying, and you know what he has gone through, and what so many others have gone through. I could name names that would just go on for the entire -- your entire show.

It's a very, very sad thing. I don't want to talk about pardons now but I can say, it's so sad on so many levels.

As many people have said, and fortunately we have had some incredible people that really were fair. When you mentioned Rush or Mark -- Mark Levin, or Steve Doocy, and Ainsley in the morning, and Brian and Laura, Jesse, Jeanine -- I hope Jeanine's back soon.

So many people. I don't want to keep going because I'm going to leave out some people. I could again go so long. So many great people have been -- you know, they get it. Nobody has been tougher, nobody, on Russia than me. And everybody -- my enemies say that, when they are reasonable enemies, when they are fair.

You look at the pipeline, exposing that going into Germany. You look at oil with the number one -- I mean, it is what we have done with energy, and oil and gas and that is all competition from -- for Russia. You look at the Ukraine, you look at so many different levels. You look at our military. Look at the fact that we would have been powered by wind, which wouldn't have worked, by the way, because it only blows it sometimes, and lots of problems come about.

But we are stronger now as a country then we have ever been. We are doing better financially than we have ever done, our markets are hitting records all the time. I have many, many records of the highest stock market. People's 401(k)s are doing better than they have ever done by far. It's up almost 50 percent from the time I am elected president.

And other countries are way down. You look at China as an example, we are negotiating a deal with China. We're going to make a very good deal with China. China is way down. We are way up. But nobody has been tougher to Russia or on Russia than Donald Trump, President Trump. Nobody even close. And yet, with all of that, we want to have a great relationship with Russia.

We want to have a great relationship with China. All of these things are smart to do. We'll do great with it. But nobody has been tougher. And when I watched all of this nonsense, it was fake news, just terrible fake news, the good news is, based on polls and based on other things, based on where we stand now with the public, Sean, the people never bought it. They get what's happening.

Our country is doing fantastically well. More regulations cut than any other president, and that's only in two years. Nobody's come even close. The big tax cuts, so many things we are going to do, incredible health care that the Democrats, frankly, wouldn't even know how to do. We all become the party of health care, the party of really good health care.

We've done so much and we have so much planned. So when I had to listen to CNN, which is so, so fake, so horribly fake, I would just -- I wouldn't listen often -- believe me, I wouldn't want to listen often. But whenever I did, whenever I thought, I have never seen anything like it. And MSNBC, the same thing.

The good news is, I heard their ratings last night, both of them were -- they dropped off the folder. They dropped to a level that nobody could believe because now that they see the Mueller report, where you look at their finding -- I mean, the finding was very, very strong. No collusion, no obstruction, no Russia, no nothing.

And it's great. I notice your record, you had virtually record ratings last night. So, that's because you have credibility. So I want to think FOX. I want to thank some of those people I just named, but also many others, they have been so fantastic to me, and really to our country. And I really do -- they are really amazing people, great people.

And it wasn't so easy for them.

Well, he's right about that -- for any reason. If you look at Article Two, for any reason. But despite that, that was an incorrect statement. When you say what I said, there was nothing said wrong there but they did not play the whole interview. When they play the whole thing, you see exactly. I mean, the fact is, it would only get worse.

And I said this. It would only get worse if I fired him. I knew that it was going to get worse, not better. I'm not going to fire him and everything goes away. It would be a bigger deal if I fired him, and I knew that. So it was a negative, not a positive. And everybody knew that. But NBC didn't want to play it that way.

They wanted to play it a different way. And when you talk about people that are dishonest, when you talk about bad, fake news, NBC, where we had the "The Apprentice" for many years as one of their most successful shows, NBC is as bad as CNN, I can tell you that.

Right.

Well, Schiff is a bad guy. He knew he was lying. I mean, he's not a dummy. He knew he was lying. And for a year and a half, he would go on and just lie and lie and leak and call up CNN and others and just -- you know, I watch him, so sanctimonious, and gets on and says, oh, we want to talk about Russia. He knew it was a lie and he would get into the back room with his friends and the Democrat Party, and they would laugh like hell at what they were doing.

It's a disgrace. And he knew it was a lie. And therefore, in one way, you could say it's a crime what he did, because he was giving, I mean, horrible -- making horrible statements that he knew were false, and frankly, I heard they should force them off the committee, or if the committee chair. He should be forced out of office.

He is a disgrace to our country. And you have plenty of others. But he would go on night after night, talking about collusion, the collusion delusion. And I will tell you this about Russia, if they had anything on me, it would have come out a long time ago, probably a long time before I ran because they would have been much better off.

I hope we really get along well with them but they would have been a lot better off with Hillary Clinton as president. In terms of energy, in terms of oil and gas, look at what we are doing with the energy. It's incredible in our country. But that's a bad thing --

-- competition for Russia. Hillary wouldn't let you drill, there would be no oil, there would be no gas, there wouldn't be anything to compete. Russia, if they were at all for me -- by the way, if you look at all of the things, they were sort of for and against both, not just one way -- but you look at all of the different things, Russia much rather have Hillary than Donald Trump.

I can tell you that right now.

No, not really. I did feel that way very much, the night I won, they were all screaming "locker up, locker up." Look, she lost 33 -- they deleted 33,000 emails, and they were Bleach Bit, that's a big deal, a very expensive process. And almost nobody does it because it's so expensive. But that's the way you really get rid of it. So she deleted 33,000 emails.

Can you imagine if I did that? Supposing I did that, I gave millions of pages to these people that were --

-- the case that was involved with the Clinton Foundation, and another case, Weissmann, you know all about Weissmann, and many others. We gave millions of pages, they found nothing. If they were up have found one bad sentence out of millions of pages, believe me, it would have been front and center. It would have been front and center.

But it's true, when I, on November 8th, '16, one of the great nights that a lot of people have had, since they came from the hills and the mountains, they came from the valleys, they came from everywhere, Sean. It was an incredible evening. And, you know, they have been rewarded because our job numbers, our unemployment numbers, all of the numbers that they really wanted are the best we have ever had.

But I will say this, I said, you know, let's get back on, let's not think about the past, let's think about the future. But now, I think thinking about the past is just OK because we can never let this happen again in our country or to another president. I'm not talking about me. I'm talking into the future.

We can never allow this treasonous -- these treasonous acts to happen to another president. This was an attempted takeover of our government, of our country, an illegal takeover. If it were the other way around, where I was doing it to President Obama or a Democrat, it would be virtually the maximum sentence that you can find no matter where you look in whatever legal book.

Yes, it didn't seem to be biased. It was biased.

It was tremendously anti-Trump. It was Never Trumpers, it was anti-Trump. I think in every single instance, I know that Andrew Weissmann was at her -- I guess you'd call it the wake, which was the big evening on November 8th, he was there to celebrate, you know, to celebrate a victory, he was there, and not a happy camper.

But these were people that contributed, most of them, contributed to her campaign. I mean, it was a shocking to see it. So, you know, I wasn't exactly sure -- I know one thing, I had nothing to do with Russia, but I wasn't exactly -- when I looked at the team that was assembled, I wasn't exactly sure what they -- you know, maybe they would take a sentence from here and a sentence from there, I had no idea.

I know one thing, I was the most innocent human being -- and they all said it, even Comey said he found no wrongdoing -- and one of the few times he didn't like him because he lied in front of Congress. Brennan lied. Many of these people lied to Congress and nothing happened. And yet with Flynn, where they didn't even know if he lied based on --

-- what the reports are, and others, look what happened to them on the other side. But these people with so many lies, and lies before Congress, which is just about the ultimate, sworn testimony where Comey told so much, and he leaked classified information. Well, if somebody in our team leaked classified information, it would be years in jail.

So nobody can understand what went on. Nobody really understands one of other thing, when the report came out, why didn't they look at all of these acts on the other side? Was it they only looked at our people? Now, all of that being said, the end result, it took a long time, almost two years, but the end result is no collusion, and no obstruction.

But it took a long time to get there.

I do, I have plans to declassify and release. I have plans to absolutely release. But I have some very talented people working for me, lawyers. And they really didn't want me to do it early on. Devin Nunes, by the way, and Meadows, you look at Jim Jordan, and all of the people, they worked so hard. And a lot of people wanted me to do it a long time ago.

I'm glad I didn't do it. We got a great result without having to do it but we well. One of the reasons that my lawyers didn't want me to do it is they said, if I do it, they will call it a form of obstruction, so they will say, oh, you released these documents so we would make all of this information transparent.

You know, and politics you always hear transparency. It would make it transparent. And then they call it obstruction, knowing the people we are dealing with. So, frankly, I thought it would be better if we held it to the end. No, but at the right time, we will be absolutely releasing it. I did the right thing by not doing it so far.

But you understand, they would call it something that it wouldn't be. It's the only time you would be transparent where they would say bad things about transparency.

Right.

Yes.

Well, I think Brennan is a sick person. I think there's something wrong for him. And I watch -- for him to come out of the CIA and act that way was so disrespectful to the country and to the CIA and to the position he held. And he was not considered good at what he did. He was never respected guy. Tough guy but not a respected guy.

But he lied to Congress. And the other night before the report came out, he predicted horrible things. Things he said were horrible. Then today, I guess he said something -- I didn't see it but I heard he said, well, I must have bad sources or bad information. I mean, this is a man who really is either sick or there is some other problem.

But the way he spoke -- and as you know, clapper lied, and perhaps the statute of limitations ran out on that one but it didn't run out on Comey, it didn't run out on Brennan or Strzok or Page or McCabe. I mean, McCabe, his wife got hundreds of thousands of dollars. He was running the FBI and running all sorts of cases, and his wife got hundreds of thousands of dollars from essentially Clintons, from Clinton's closest friend.

Then he ruled so favorably. I mean, he tried to say he was not involved, I don't think too many people believe that, I did not believe that. But she got all those good rulings. It's really a scandalous situation. It is so badly that it reflects it so horribly, a guy like Ohr with his wife, Nellie Ohr, and GPS Fusion.

She wrote the report, and the goes, gives it to her husband who is at the DOJ, and then he goes and brings it to the FBI, and she's getting paid for doing it. It's incredible.

The things that happened are incredible, and very, very bad for our country.

We have repaired, I mean, literally -- you know, many, many miles. I could give you numbers but many, many miles. We are building many miles. We're going to have hundreds of miles already under construction are soon to be under construction. Billions of dollars will be necessary. It's absolutely vital if you look at what's happening at the border, it's terrible with the human traffickers, the drugs, everything that is coming across, and that goes across the soft points, which are the points without the wall.

And we will have hundreds of miles built fairly quickly. Billions of dollars, we took a billion dollars in today. And I'm building and much less expensively than it was in the past. If you look at the past, they were talking about $25 billion to $30 billion. I'm building it for a fraction of that. The wall is better.

It's going up faster. The Army Corps of Engineers is doing a great job working with us and we have some real professionals, and the military has been incredible, putting up the barbed wire, essentially, it's barbed wire. It's actually barb wire plus. But it's incredible what they have done. You have seen it. I mean, you know, many, many miles of wire.

If we didn't have it, we would really have a problem. But we are really capturing -- let's use the word capturing -- we are capturing people that are coming in illegally, we are not just releasing them, in some cases, we are running out of room, and many cases now, we are running out of room. The laws are so bad, normally you just bring them back by the laws don't let you do that.

Our laws that could be easily changed by the Democrats, but they are so bad and so corrupt on immigration, whether it's catch and release or chain migration or any of the various things that we have to put up with, it's terrible. So -- but we are doing fantastic. We are building -- in fact, into weeks, I'm going to a location, it's going to be in California, believe it or not, they were begging us to build in San Diego, begging us to build a wall and we are just in the process of completing a major stretch of many miles of wall, and we are going to have a news conference there just to show people.

It's really good stuff. It's better, less expensive, goes up faster, but it's actually better than what they were doing before. So we are going to have it done and we are in great shape. We got a great support from the Republicans, both in Congress, if you look at our congressmen and women and from the Senate.

I really had great support. A couple of them people voted against but you know what? That's OK, they had their reasons. We had great support.

Many billions, yes. Many billions. You go to a lot of the generals, they will tell you, this is a national emergency. This is -- we need to defend our country. You have people pouring in. I mean, they are pouring -- we are capturing these people, we are getting them. But, you know, we don't do like other countries, other countries stand there with machine guns ready to fire.

We can't do that and I wouldn't want to do that, OK? It's a very effective way of doing it and I wouldn't want to do it. We can't do it. But we do -- if we have barriers, we have the walls like we are building now, and building -- a lot of people don't think we are building walls, we are building massive, many, many miles of walls right now, and we are gearing up to do many more.

We'll have hundreds of miles of walls built in the very near -- built and renovated, too, a lot of it, we were able to use the old carcass of a wall. We fixed it and we -- for a smaller amount of money, we were able to build a wall that is literally just as good as new. So we've done a lot of work on it, and a lot of talent has been involved, and we've had really a tremendous help, a lot of people agree.

I mean, most people agree. Even the Democrats agree. They don't say that. They go into back rooms, like I said before about Schiff, they go back there and they laugh. But they go into the room and -- everyone knows you need the wall. The Democrats, almost every one of them, voted for the walls in the past.

But now, they don't because they don't want to give us a victory. But they are hurting the country. They are not hurting me, they are hurting the country.

Well, I don't want to speak badly about the New Green Deal, Sean, because, frankly, I'm afraid they will stop using it, because I really do want to campaign against it. It's ridiculous, all right, it's crazy. It will cost $100 trillion. Nobody knows what that means. That means is more money than you have in the world.

And it will be catastrophic. It's not going to happen. It's just talk. And, of course, they will campaign on it. They'll say, we're going to give free everything. You're going to end up being Venezuela if that's happening. We have a nice big problem with Venezuela. You look at Venezuela, was a wealthy country not long ago, and now, it's one of the poorest countries.

We'll end up being the same thing. The New Green Deal is ridiculous, but I don't want to speak badly because I want them to keep going forward with it. I really look forward to campaigning, just a little bit early, just like Elizabeth Warren. I hit her too hard, too early, and now it looks like she's finished.

I wish she would have been in the race and frankly, I would have loved to have run against her but I would say she's probably finished. But they have plenty left. New Green Deal is going nowhere.

Well, you don't have to go to other countries when you see what is going on in this country -- yesterday, I was very honored to do the Golan Heights. That was something that was promised by many, many presidents over many, many years, and I got it done. Then you look at also Jerusalem, moving the embassy to Jerusalem.

For years, many presidents for many decades campaigned on it. They were going to do it and they never did it because frankly, it was much tougher to do than people whatever ever understand. It was very tough. I understand why they ultimately didn't do it, they didn't get it done, but I got it done. Not only did I get it done, I got the embassy belt for a fraction, a tiny, tiny fraction of the cost of what it was supposed to cost.

And now, as you know, the embassy is open. It's not just designated, it's open in Jerusalem. So, look, I'm very proud of what we have done for Israel. I'm very proud of my relationship with Israel, and what is going on with the Democrats, and with Jewish people and the Democrats and Israel is a shocking to me. You know, I grew up in a world where people really -- and Democrats, they loved Israel.

And now, I'm looking at a world where many Democrats seem to hate Israel. They seem to despise Israel. It is a tremendous surprise to me. What's going on with Israel and the Democrat Party is absolutely horrific. Terrible.

Well, first of all, let me say that Devin Nunes is someday going to be hailed as a great American hero. They tried to destroy that man because he spoke up for good and just and all of the things that you have to speak up for. But most people don't have the courage to do it. He will be someday hailed as a great American hero, what he did.

They tried to ruin him. They tried to destroy him. They tried to ruin his life and his family. And he just kept plugging like there was nothing going on. I mean, it was an amazing thing. As far as your other part of the question, in September, if you look, supposedly, the FBI told president Obama all about Russia trying to get involved in some form in the election, and he decided to do nothing about it because he thought Hillary Clinton was going to win.

So he didn't want to do anything because he thought that Clinton was going to win and he didn't want to upset the apple cart. But he knew about it. And the question is, one of the many, many questions, and this is probably not as big as other questions, because you are talking about major, major treason and corrupt -- all the things.

But one of the questions is, why didn't he do something? He knew about it. This wasn't up to me. I wasn't president when all this was happening. Why didn't President Obama and the Obama administration do something when they were informed about Russia and the election?

I think it's very important to know that Russia or anybody else had no impact on votes. That is very important for people to know. That has been coming out, as you know, from every agency, everybody that has done it. So whether they tried, and how hard they tried, and President Obama knew, the bottom line is, they had a zero impact on the election of 2016. I'm very happy about that.

That is what we are all about. We can't allow that to happen in any way, shape, or form. But we are putting very strong safeguards and, this sounds a little old-fashioned, but the best backup is a paper back up, not a computer back up, and we have many paper backups, just in case there is a problem, something which they didn't have before.

But we are being very vigilant and working very hard --

-- and we have tremendous systems in place, Sean.

We're going to do great. We are going along with Texas, we are winning the case, and we're going to have great health care. The Republican Party will be the party of great healthcare. You watch.

All included. We're going to have pre-existing conditions, absolutely, and we already got rid of the individual mandate, which was costing people a fortune. It was terrible.

Thank you very much, Sean.