Thank you very much, Eric.

Good.

Well, I think they're going to find a lot. I think it was disgraceful what went on. You saw what went on. You were watching it very closely, and you have an eye for it, and I'm not involved in it from the standpoint of, it's not my mandate, but it's obviously Bill Barr's mandate. He's a great Attorney General, and a lot of terrible things, I would say, happened, and they're going to find out.

Well, I'm not going to comment other than to say I think they're very bad people, and I think they were very bad for the country, but we'll see what they find. Whatever they find, they find. There are a lot of others too. You look at McCabe. You look at Comey. Look at that report on Comey, 78 pages of kill, how bad it was, and probably went all the way to the top.

Well, I think there were a lot of breakings of the law. It was investigate the investigators. So, based on everything I read this morning, that's what they're doing. Let's see what happens.

He's a very bad guy. He's doing anything they can to find something. This started from before I even got elected, this whole horrible situation with impeachment. It's a dirty word to me. It's a very dirty word. I had a perfect conversation in the current case, but I've been fighting this for three years.

I mean, I've been fighting this from, if you look at it, I guess it started long before I even got elected, with the two lovers, with Strzok and Page, and the insurance policy, remember? If she loses, we have an insurance policy. The insurance policy is we're going to go get him. It's a disgrace for our country.

It hurts us internationally, it hurts us within the country, and it's a very sad thing. It's -- it's really -- and I'm very happy, when I read the papers this morning, I was extremely happy.

I hear he's got 50 before we even make any phone calls.

Well, basically he's saying it's a very unfair process, and I'll go a step further. I was with Tim Scott, who is a fantastic man. I was with others, and they're saying, well, you know, the process is one thing, but he didn't do anything wrong. I mean, forget about process, I didn't do anything wrong, and I didn't. But again, I fought off the Russia hoax.

I fought off the Mueller hoax. I fought off all of them, and it continues. It's just crazy. This has never happened to a President before, and they spend $45 million. They have 18 Trump haters, like angry Democrats, I call them, and they find nothing. I could find something on you for $45 million, and you're perfect.

Well, I think they are -- I will be honest: I loved when I saw that scene of the unity yesterday with the Congressmen going downstairs, because they have a cabal going on. It's -- you know, you look at what's happening downstairs in the little room -- that little secret room. Nobody ever had a thing like that.

That's never happened before. It's really an investigation in search of a crime, They're trying to find -- des -- desperately they made up --

If you think -- Schiff made up, his words -- not my words. He went before Congress and the American people and he repeated a conversation that I never had, and then I released the conversation, because we had stenographers and transcribers, and the conversation was a perfect conversation. But he made it sound so horrible.

That's illegal. I mean, it -- No way you can get away with that. That's a -- but that's a total fraud.

Well, that you'd have to ask Lindsey --

Lindsey has been -- Lindsey has been good, and this is good. But, I mean, this is a step in terms of fairness. But, why do I have to go through that when everyone knows we did nothing wrong anyway? Tim Scott said it. He said, he didn't do anything wrong. Forget about fairness. I didn't do anything wrong.

It's all about -- a hundred percent, about the conversation I had with the President of the Ukraine. It was perfect.

It's coming out very good.

That's right --

And ourselves  And ourselves.

Not only for the Kurds, for ourselves.

Well, the Democrats will never give you credit. By the way if you go back two or three years and somebody said they're bringing the soldiers back home -- if somebody said that other than me, the Democrats would have said he's the greatest genius in history. But if I say it, they want to say well, we want to stay and fight forever.

No, no. We don't want to be involved in the border. The border between Turkey and Syria -- they've been fighting for hundreds of years, they've been fighting for centuries.

The oil -- the oil --

Yeah. So I said we're leaving there

-- but we've secured the oil and we've got the oil, and that's good.

I do, but that's okay.

Well it's very exciting, Yeah, I'm going Sunday, assuming there's a game. There might not be a game, but Houston's a great team. They're in the White House very recently, as you know, getting -- getting their great award, and accolades, and they're a great team. So, we'll see what happens. But it's going to be a good series.

Thank you very much. Thank you very much.