Well, it was an honor and I'll tell you, that's a great team. And, I just met some very large people, and, great people and champions, most importantly, they're great champions and, you can be very proud. And when I -- when I heard about this, actually, John Hoeven came in, and Kevin Cramer, and they wanted to know if -- if we could host.

We held a beautiful little ceremony for Clemson, as you know, and national champions. And, I said, absolutely, because I happened to see that final game, and I said that team is good. That's a good team, from North Dakota. And I also love the state. I love the people of the state. We've had great luck there.

I was very happy to see Kevin get elected, in a very  -- a very big sweep. He really did a great job. So you have two great senators, and you now have a really wonderful congressman. And your governor too. I mean we have -- you've got a great group of people, a great group of people, and it's a very special place.

I know you do. You do. But I -- I was there a lot. And I like the state, I like the people a lot.

I do know that about North Dakota. I do, actually, and it is a swamp and it's a disgrace. When you look at all these witch hunts and just -- there's nothing with Russia. So now they -- you've probably heard the senator -- Senator Byrd came out from the Senate Intelligence. He said We see nothing, no collusion.

This is after two years. We see no collusion. There is no collusion, and they knew there was no collusion two years ago. It's all a hoax. And the people of North Dakota know it, and frankly the people of the country know. The Democrats know it too but they just don't want to say it.

Well, I'd say the economy. You know we're setting records every day. You never hear anything about it on television. I mean, look at how well North Dakota's doing. We're -- where you've had very bad days before me. The economy is doing phenomenally. Unemployment's at the all time low. You look at Hispanic or African-American or Asian or women or so many others.

I mean, historic lows, and, you know, I think the economy would be a thing that's not very reported. But they don't report anything if it's positive. You know, they don't report -- and if it is positive, they try and make it negative. So, we have a very negative press, but fortunately we have a brilliant population that understands it, or I wouldn't be standing here talking to you.

Well, first of all, they're great patriots and they are with me all the way. They know we've been taken advantage of by China in particular, but by many countries, not just China. We're doing Mexico. We're doing Canada. I mean Canada's been really taking advantage of this country for many years. People just didn't know it. But China is the big one.

And we are being very tough on China, with billions and billions of dollars of tariffs, and lots of other things. Their economy is not good right now. I guess a lot of people would blame me for that, because the Chinese economy is not good, because people are realize that they're gonna have to pay up, and the biggest beneficiary is going to be the farmer, and the farmers know that.

In fact, just -- a meeting last week with the Vice Premier of China. He said he's going to buy tremendous amounts of soybean, even before we do the deal. You probably heard about that. I hope you did through --  through Sonny, who's your great -- Sonny Perdue, your great agricultural commissioner -- Secretary.

He's been so fantastic. So we're taking care of our farmers. But what I love about the farmers, they said we know that it's been a horrible thing, Mr. President. Set it right. We'll sort of suffer through this with you, and they stopped buying, and everything else. They want to make a deal so badly, you wouldn't believe it. And so, we'll see what happens.

But they're already back to buying from our farmers, and if we get the deal done, it will be purchases like never in our history. Not even close.

That was -- that was a good one. We did it in three months, and it was under construction for eight years, and it's a very similar thing. Well, I will say this. The Corps working very hard. It is a different kind of a thing. We're buying, and we're buying at a much better clip. I want to take a look at that letter, because I agree with you.

I think you could do it much faster. But the Corps is working very, very hard, and it's all intertwined with everything else, and it is more complicated, actually, than just a wall. We had to do certain things. We had to hold back rivers, like the Rio Grande. We had to hold back waters, and a lot of different things with -- so we had to build small dams all over the place.

But we are actually doing a lot, and we're going to have a couple of hundred miles built in the not-too-distant future. We're really moving along quickly. But I'm going to take a look at that letter, because you know what? If I can get somebody in there that could really do something very quickly, I'm okay with that, and I'll bet you that person could, because I agree with that person.

I want to take a look at that letter. If you would get it to me I would like it.

Good.  Give it to me. Don't give it to somebody else. If you give it to somebody else, I won't get it.

Good thank you. And I love the team. What a group of people.

What a group of people. Great champions. Thank you very much. It's an honor to have them the White House. Thank you.

Thank you Scott. You've been such a good friend. Appreciate it.