Well, thank you very much and I have to tell you, Moon, you have a great reputation. All my friends down there -- I have a lot of them -- they're saying, call Moon. So, it's an honor to do your show.

Well, you know, Eddie is going to be a fantastic Governor. He was a tremendous businessman. Everybody knows him down there. He's really a household name pretty much anyway, but he was -- he was great, and you have a Governor, John Bel Edwards who's not -- who wasn't doing the job. The taxes are too high.

He's got a couple of states that can't be -- that there's nothing you can say about him. Car insurance is the highest in the country, the worst, and the highest, you can't even get it, and that's, you know, unlike a lot of states where it's very, very cheap and plentiful. Another thing is you're rated number 50 out of 50 for economic development, and if you look at it, like, I was down recently.

I opened up a tremendous plant for the LNG, a tremendous one, of the biggest in the world, now they're going to double it up, I understand. But, even including all of that, you're at the bottom of the pack on economic development, and your taxes are way too high. So, you know, it's that -- he's the Governor.

He's done a lousy job, and Eddie will do a fantastic job. He'll -- he'll be a tremendous Governor. He's just, you know, he's a dynamic guy, and he's -- he's somebody that really people like. They like him, and I like him and I'll be helping him a lot, I hope.

Absolutely.

Well, he got a little bit lucky to win. You know, he had sort of a crazy race, and there was somebody running that was, I don't know, wasn't maybe a great candidate, and he got -- he sort of lucked in. He hasn't done a good job, and you know, frankly, having somebody like Eddie, where he's friendly with the President, and -- and you work with federal government as opposed to fighting federal government -- I see it all the time.

Having a relationship is a very important thing with the federal government, especially like, especially for a state like Louisiana, where there's so many things, and so many big federal projects, and the potential, but having that relationship is a very positive thing for the state, and I tell you what: he'll be a fantastic Governor.

I think he'll be -- I think Eddie will be a fantastic -- you've got to get your car insurance down. You've got to get your taxes down and you've got to get -- you know, look, the country is doing phenomenally well, but they're rated 50 out of 50 --

-- in terms of economic development. That's not good. That's not good.

Right.

Yup.

Well, you know, you have a couple of advantages.  Number one, you have two great senators, and they're both going to be there tonight, by the way, but you have two great -- I mean those two guys are phenomenal people too, but they love your state and they produce. That's a big advantage. You know, I have states where it's like, I'm not -- I'm not exactly in love with people that are representing the state, and it's harder for a state.

But you have two great senators. You have a great location, and that location is important. You look at where you are, that's why we could do LNG plants, where you couldn't do them in other locations. I mean, they wouldn't work. You couldn't do 'em. So you have so many advantages because of where you are, and that location that, I think, will turn that around.

If Eddie gets in, I think we'll turn that around so fast, Moon, your head will spin.

Well, I won Louisiana by a lot ,and it was, you know, it was something really, it was great. I love the state, I love the people, I love the whole thing, and that's why I'm involved here, and I think that we're going to have a tremendous rally tonight. It's going to be in Monroe. But, you know, I'm doing two rallies.

I'm doing one now for early voting, because, you know, early voting in your state is 30, 40 percent. I was shocked. It's one of the highest in the country. People vote early. They go hunting over the weekend. I don't blame them. My sons would like to go with them, okay? But -- so, we do one that we're doing tonight in Monroe, it will be a really big rally, and then again, before before the end, you know, before Election Day, I'm coming in. I think it's the Thursday instead of the Friday.

I think we're coming into Thursday before, we're going to do another big one, in a little bit of a different part of the state, and I think that's now being finalized and set up.

I'm actually coming in twice, because I think it's so important. Normally, you wouldn't do that for a Governor --

You do it for a Senator, you know, if you're President.

But, I know Eddie. I know -- I know how he's going to turn the state around so fast, and that's -- that's good for our two great guys that are working so hard, and so I'm -- I'm going all out for Eddie. I think we'll have a big -- hopefully, we'll have a big impact. You know, he's a great businessman. He knows how to make money,and that's what -- it's the same thing I mean for the state.

It's actually easier for government than it is if you're private, I mean, to be honest with you, it's easier. So, we're going to do a job.

Right.

Well, I think if you have the right Governor, and Eddie's the guy, I mean, look, there's not going to be anybody better in the country. He's smart, he's good, he's a good person. I just helped a lot. I picked up 19 to 20 points, a gentleman from Kentucky. The problem is, he was, you know, not a popular guy, but he was a great Governor.

He did a good job, but he wasn't popular, and I actually picked him up by 19 or 20 points. But now I guess it's in dispute, the final race, it's very interesting. It was a -- it was sort of a long shot. But -- but you know, you still need that -- that way, and Eddie's got that way, he's got the combination.

I think he's going to be fantastic. Look, your taxes are too high. Your car insurance -- that's all I hear about. With Louisiana, I don't know what it is, because you know, you go to other states, you never hear the words car insurance, or auto insurance, but all I hear about down there is car insurance, and so I bring it up. But your car insurance is -- is way through, it's, I mean, your much higher than anyplace else.

I don't even know why, but it's -- it's a Governor. You have to have the right Governor. Taxes are too high. Your economic development isn't good enough -- that's jobs, but it's not good enough, and you number 50 in the nation. Now one other thing with Eddie: he loves your military. You're big with the military down there.

And he loves your military. He loves your vets. You know, I got them choice, so they have now choice. They can go see a private doctor if they're -- if they have to wait on line too long, they go out and see a private doctor. I also got accountability, where you can get rid of people that aren't taking care of our vets.

You know, there was no way with civil service and unions that you could do that. But Eddie is going to be a great -- he will do a fantastic job, and you match up the three of them, your two Senators and your Governor ,and you're going to have a tremendous -- you'll have an unbeat -- you won't to have a better combination in the country.

What? Yes.

Oh, that's funny. That's funny. Well, you know what? I love -- I love football. I love those two states, those two states. You know, Alabama has been very good. I think I won it by 42 points.

Which is like, unheard of, and you guys, I won it by tremendous also, sort of like that. And, it's going to be great. I think I better remain neutral on that one, Moon.  What do you think? Should I take a little bit of a neutral position?  But we're going to have a good game. Who's favored to win that game?

Your quarterback -- is your quarterback as good as they say? They say he's great.

Good, Moon, I'll look for you, and you just take care. We're gonna have a great night, and we'll see you vote Eddie. He's good man. He's going to do a job. He's going to do a job like you wouldn't believe.

Thank you Moon. Take care of yourself.