Special guy here, getting that kind of good treatment.

Thank you very much.

Right.

Right.

Well, I'll say that we're doing really well. You know, China started to buy again. They're paying -- it's billions and billions of dollars a year in tariffs. They're eating it. We're not paying, they're paying, because they devalue their currency, and they're putting up a lot of money. We're very close to a great deal with China.

It's got to be perfect. The farmers have been so incredible, the manufacturers in our country have been so incredible. They know I'm doing the right thing. It should have been done 20 years ago. It's being done now. But China is having the worst year they've had in 57 years. We're having the best year we've ever had, and, as you know, I paid $28 billion over the last two years to the farmers, because that's the amount of money that the farmers were targeted, and we had a lot of money left over after that.

So the farmers are very happy, and the manufacturers are very happy, and this is a great state.

Well, we're asking a lot of questions. We're looking at a lot of different people. It's going to be a pretty hard primary, from what I understand, it is indeed a great st -- state and, as you know, I think I won by, I don't know, a lot. Was it 42 points, or something like that. We won by a lot, whatever it may be. But, we had a tremendous victory in Alabama, and we're gonna to continue to have -- we're going to make a decision at some point during the -- during the , we'll make that decision, reasonably quickly I think.

Yeah, well, it's been very important. We have a big race going on right now, it's an interesting game, right, with LSU and Alabama. But we have a big race, a really terrific, Eddie Rispone is going, as you know, and I think he's going to be your next Governor of Louisiana, and we've backed him very strongly against the current governor, who has not done a very good job.

So we have a big thing going right now in Louisiana with the governor's race, and I guess they'll have that next Saturday. So it'll be very interesting to see what happens. I think the Republican has a really good chance to win.

Well thank you very much. Great --

Good man.

He broke a big story, right?

He broke a biggie. That was a big one

You take care. We'll do another one, okay.

Thank you very much. Thank you.

you have a picture?

A picture. He was so nice. Come here, take a picture. White House photographer.

Great. Our great, very expensive White House photographer.

You want to have one. If you make me look good I'll give you a picture, okay?

He is actually more important than Chris.

You'll send them, okay?