Thank you very much, Jon.

Well, I love the state and the place, and I also love the fact you have really, in terms of legacy, the greatest steel place in the world and we're bringing that back, and a lot of other things are happening in Pittsburgh. We are very proud of it.

Well, I think I've more than fulfilled them, but we can still do a little bit more. Some of them are statutory -- where we need certain -- where you have to wait 180 days and then you have to wait six months, and, you know, et cetera et cetera. But we have a -- we have a -- a pipeline now, in terms of regulations, approvals, approving certain pipelines, actual pipelines.

We have things to do that are great. But I think I'm way, way ahead of schedule.

Look, we have a wealthy country. We have things that we're doing, and that we want to do, that can only be done if we let our great factories operate. If you want to close down half of your wealth, and half of your factories, if you want to close things up and go with wind -- which, by the way, kills the birds, and has lots of other problems, and I'm not even knocking it, but it's not enough for this country.

We are doing so well right now, and, if you want to close it up, and if you want to put everybody out of work, I guess you have to vote for her, or somebody else on the other side.

Well, It's a tremendous mental illness problem, let's face it. This person was just terrible, and, this is what happens. These are sick people, very, very sick people. I was here, I saw, and we all suffered together. I've never seen anything like it. I was a -- and you, at the same time, you had some incredibly brave people that really stopped it.

Yeah, and we have to stop it all, and other countries do have problems and somehow, I think, the problems they have, they don't get talked about the same way. But, we are doing a lot to stop it. A lot does have to do with mental health. You look at so many, so many -- they talk about they've been flagged.

They know they have problems, and nobody does things about it. And, you know, as an example, in the school shooting in Florida, we knew how sick that person was, meaning the police, could have done something about it. So many different signs. But we are working very hard on it, very, very hard.