Thank you very much. Great state.

It is a great state.

Right.

Right.

Well, it was a tough race. It was a very close race, and Ralph is a very good friend of mine. In fact, he flew down with me, and Ralph Abraham is a special man. He's strongly behind Eddie, and I'm going to introduce Ralph tonight -- a little surprise, but I'm gonna introduce Ralph tonight. But he wants Eddie Rispone to win, and I want him to win, and your insurance is way too high, your taxes are way too high.

Your crime rate, your murder rate is number one in the whole country. I mean, believe it or not, who would even think that? And economic development, as is good, as it is, it could be much better. So, Eddie Rispone is a winner, and John Bel Edwards has not been a good Governor.

Well, I mean, honestly, over the last two years, a lot of the states have developed tremendous surpluses, and, you know, they're developing very much, and you're rated almost at the bottom of the pack for economic development, and we have to change that. I just opened up the big LNG plant. You know that -- a big, a $10 billion plant, and despite all of that, and we're approving other ones, and other things on the federal basis.

But if you had Eddie Rispone as governor, Republican, you just do much better, much, much, better. But remember this: your car insurance, you know, everyone talks about different things, but over here in Louisiana, car insurance is a disaster, and we'll get the car insurance way down.

Sure, I'll tell you exactly, because he never votes with us. You know, they have a lot of people, especially in a state that I won by a lot -- I won Louisiana by a lot, and when you hear people talking, they sound like Republicans, but they're not, because they never vote with us. So they may like me, or at least say they like me, which they probably don't. But you never see them vote with us, you know, whether it's the Second amendment, which is under siege, as you know, and other things, they're not going to vote for us. I have many, many cases where we have Democrats that pretend they're Republicans.

The problem is -- and they talk good, but they never vote with us, and we need the votes, more important than the talk.

It's a tremendous problem, and it's elsewhere too, but it's a tremendous problem, and it is a very big mental health problem. We always have to protect our Second amendment. You understand that. But, if you look at what's going on with the Democrats, they don't think --they're not doing anything. They're not doing the USMCA, which is the big trade deal between Mexico, Canada, and the United States.

They're not doing anything. All they do is the impeachment nonsense, and everyone knows it's nonsense, and it's even polling like it's nonsense, and they got blown away yesterday, and that's all they think about. It's so bad for our country. So, when we talk about having meetings on gun violence, or anything else, they're not there.

They -- they are doing nothing. It was a big story in The Wall Street Journal today, about Nancy Pelosi. She's getting nothing done as speaker.

Okay.

This is going to be the toughest one.

I did.

Well, I thought it was a great game. It was -- looked like a blowout, and then LSU, sort of, started to lose it a little bit, and then they got back, you know, in the end, when it counted, they came back. I think you have a great quarterback, and I think you have a great team, and you're rated number one right now.

So, maybe, I was lucky for Louisiana. But you're rated number one of the country right now. Alabama's a great team, always a great team. But LSU took the game, and -- and your quarterback is fantastic, and some other players are fantastic. But, he seems to be a real standout. He'll be, I think he's gonna be tremendous in the NFL.

Thank you very much.

Great to meet you. Great job.

Thank you.