That's right. They are incredible people. We've just spent some time together, and we had a whole group meeting -- we also had that was just covered on your network and other networks. And it's incredible, the job they do and we really appreciate it. That's right. They have a tremendous amount of drugs that they just captured right behind us and that's what they do. And we had a barrier, a steel barrier, a concrete barrier, call it whatever you want.

It wouldn't have. We wouldn't have the problem.

That's right. They have easy access into the United States. We've built a lot of wall we've renovated tremendous amount of wall with money that we've already gotten and we're continuing that. But now we really just want to get it going and finish it up and we're going to build the new wall and it's common sense really is when you think of it whether you're into the world of law enforcement like these incredible folks behind us that understand the wall so easily.

I mean it would make the job so much better and they could also go to other areas because we have the wall you don't need so many people we would probably pay for that many times in one year. If you think about it many times. So it's not a money thing it's a political thing. They look at the 2020 race and they're not feeling too good about it. They'll do whatever they can to win.

Well you know I watched last night I saw on your show last night actually where you had anchor after anchors using the exact same word it's manufactured man. Sounds like they're in collusion a little collusion. That's the real collusion. OK. That's the real collusion you take a look because they all use the exact same term.

I mean literally the exact same two words but they had manufactured. I said Where did they come up with that. It's a manufactured crisis. No it's a manufactured soundbite because it was just a soundbite but every virtually every you know I call it the fake news. I'm sure you haven't heard because you're not fake news actually you're real news.

And there is some of that. No there is some of that around unfortunately and these are great people. These are patriotic people that do it correctly but you know when I hear that term manufactured and you see every single group using it it's very sad.

You know many of the people that aren't getting their check they get it. They're going to get it soon. But many of the people that are with us are 100 percent. They want us to win this battle. These people want us to win. Everybody wants us to win this battle. It's common sense. Death is pouring through.

We have crime and death. And it's not just at the border. They get through the border but then they go all they filter into the country. And you have MS13 gangs in different places like Los Angeles and you have gangs all over Long Island which were knocking the hell out of there should be no reason for us to have to do this they shouldn't be allowed in. And if we had the barrier they wouldn't be able to get in.

Now if we don't make a deal with Congress most likely I will do that. I would actually say I would I can't imagine any reason why not because I'm allowed to do it. The law is 100 percent on my side. So if we can't make a deal with Congress then we should be able to make a deal with Congress if you look Democrats in Congress especially the new ones coming in are starting to say wait a minute we can't win this battle with Trump because of the fact that it's just common sense how can we say that a wall doesn't work.

They show on helicopters empty fields or people just running through. And you put a wall they can't run it through.

If we don't make a deal with Congress which we should be able to really just common sense and there's some compromise needed. And look they know that the walls work you know what works a wheel and a wall. They call it a medieval thing. Well you know I'm looking at all these very expensive cars all over here loaded up with machine guns and every single one of them has wheels.

It's a wheel is an old thing and it a wall is an old thing, there are two things they work. They work a wall would be so effective it would solve so many killings and so much death and drugs and human trafficking where they tape of women on their face they tape them up and they put them in the back of a car or a van and they drive right through our border.

They are saying there possibly is and hopefully we wouldn't even have to go through. The law is very clear. I mean we have the absolute right to declare a national emergency and this is security stuff. This is a national emergency. If you look at what's happening and you just heard the statement they came in last week or this week from Pakistan and different people.

And they come in through the southern border because it's really considered the space and the place where they can get in. And we want to close it up. These people have done the greatest job. It's hard work and it could be a lot easier and it would be virtually 100 percent effective. And Nancy and Chuck know that but it's politics it's about the 2020 campaign it's about running for president.

That's what they're doing they're already doing it. It's a shame.

They know what I'm saying is 100 percent right. And it's not only us it's everybody saying it. These people said everybody says it. If you don't have a barrier whether it's a steel barrier or a concrete wall substantial and strong you're never going to solve this problem. You're never going to solve it. And I don't need this look I could have done something a lot easier I could have enjoyed myself I haven't left the White House because I'm waiting for them to come over in a long time.

You know that I stayed home for Christmas I stayed at the White House for new years and I think it tweeted Christmas Eve all along whereas Chuck and Nancy my family I told them stay in Florida and enjoy yourselves. But the fact is I want to be in Washington. I mean I considered very very important.

Well, I think we're going to see what happens over the next few days. They should do it immediately. Look, we're not going anywhere we're not changing our mind because there's nothing to change your mind about. The world works. It's not a question, like, well, maybe it won't work. It will work 100 percent.

Now we're adding onto that equipment to find drugs that are hidden in cars. I mean we have this incredible equipment. We're adding sensors we're adding drones. But what we need is we need the barrier. If we don't have a barrier, if we don't have a steel or concrete barrier, we're all wasting a lot of time.

One hundred percent. I support them tremendously. But I also support families like the Singh family and others and others by the hundreds and by the thousands that have lost somebody because our policies are so bad and especially at the southern border. They've lost, or they've had people so badly hurt but they've lost him they've lost their lives they've lost they've lost their heart out of the family.

I support those families. These Angel moms you know the Angel Moms very well and so do I support them too.