There she is.

It's an honor.

Come on, okay.

Thank you. You've been so nice.

Otherwise, we'd say, "I'll pass."

Thank you.

Well it's very important and you have a great new governor and you have, as you know, some really fantastic people down here that I like and that have been friends of mine for a long time and I'm moving to Florida, as you know, I've already moved to Florida. And it's just a great state. We've been very successful in Florida in many ways and certainly politically we won the state and quite easily.

And we're doing even better now. And Florida is having the best year it's ever had. So we're very happy about it. But I love this state. I love the people.

It was not a strategy, we did nothing wrong. We had a great conversation with a man from another country. It was a perfect conversation as you probably know if you read the -- the, you know, they transcribed it, I guess you'd call it a transcription of the conversation and it was an absolutely perfect conversation.

It is ridiculous, it's a hoax, it's just a continuation of the same witch hunt. We have tremendous Republican support. I guess nobody's ever had support like this it seems like everybody. And the Senate, likewise, we have tremendous support and it's ridiculous what they're doing and you see the poll numbers have gone through the roof for me. And especially in the swing states and what they're doing is just wrong.

It's a very terrible thing that they're doing for the country. Very unfair to the country and in the meantime she's not doing anything. I mean, she's going to go down as the no nothings speaker because nothing gets done. She's not even passing USMCA, which is the big deal between Canada and the United States, and Mexico and the United States, and it's it's a very sad thing for our country.

But they have no idea what they're doing. I mean, they're just -- they're getting nothing done and they're focused on this and it's based on a telephone conversation that was absolutely perfect.

And I knew everybody was listening to the conversation. Many people were on that conversation. Secretary of State etc. etc. And if you take the -- if you listen to the conversation it's like absolutely perfect.

No, no.

I'm not concerned at all. It should never get to the Senate. It's a disgrace, it's a hoax, it's a hoax. And they know they're going to lose. They're losing very big in just about every state, I guess, every state that really counts in terms of what the election's all about. And I guess this is what they have to do. But it's -- it's a bad thing for our country very bad.

We were working on too.  We're working on too. She was like a long time ago.

Well we negotiated with Iran and it was a successful negotiation and we did a swap and we got a person back, a -- really a Princeton graduate and a graduate student, a very good person, was not a spy. They said he was a spy. He was not a spy. We got him back and I think maybe, very importantly, it shows that we can maybe spend a little time with Iran and get something done.

You know, right now Iran is having a hard time having riots in their streets and a lot of problems. I ended the deal as you know the Iran nuclear deal, which was a disaster for this country and should have never been made by the Obama administration but the hostage was taken during the Obama years and it was the hostage was brought back during the Trump years, so we're very happy to have him back a young man that did nothing wrong.

We are. The difficulty there was -- was so long ago and he wasn't very well even long ago. But we're getting certain signals that he may be -- he may be alive and we have it should have been brought back when President Obama gave $150 billion and 1.8 billion in cash to Iran. That's when he should have been brought back.

But they didn't get him back. So we are working on it very hard.

I don't think much. I mean, it just doesn't look like he's catching on he's very low in the polls. I don't think he has what it takes. I mean, I know him well I know for a long time I don't see it for this kind of an election. I look at some of the other candidates in his only hope is you'll look at some of the other candidates and you say why wouldn't he win.

But no I don't think Michael has what it takes.

Well we'll probably be down at Mar-a-Lago in Palm Beach and we'll also be going around to see our soldiers. I just got back from Afghanistan. I went to Iraq previously and we'll be spending some time with some great soldiers, maybe in this area maybe beyond.

Thank you very much. Thank you.