Right.

Right.

To me, it's a very big issue, and when you look at all we've done for health care and getting rid of the individual mandate, which was a disaster for people, and just not affordable -- doing all of the things -- we are we are really focused on health care, and I don't think anybody could do it like we're doing it, and we're saving Medicare.

If you look at what the Democrats wanted, they wanted to destroy Medicare. We're saving Medicare. So, to me, it's right up there with the top.

Well, it's a political witch hunt. The whistleblower got me totally wrong, because the whistleblower never saw what I said to the Ukrainian president, which was literally a perfect, beautiful, nice conversation. He also said, by the way, there was no pressure put on him whatsoever, et cetera, et cetera. He said that the United Nations.

So the whistleblower, they didn't think -- meaning shifty Schiff and that whole group -- they didn't think I'd put out my telephone conversation, which was done by professional stenographers. They didn't think it would be put out. When I saw what the whistleblower said and heard rumors -- I said well, we're going to put it out, and we've got approval from Ukraine, and we put it out, and everyone now is panicking because they said, what they said and what the whistleblowers said, bears no resemblance even, to what took place in the phone call ,which was a perfect call.

Well, I knew it would be a little bit tough. And I I just never thought I'd see the kind of cheating and lying that you see. I never thought the press would be as bad as they were. I've met with the press -- I used to get good press, when I was private. Probably, it's one of the reasons I'm here, right, I got good press.

But I had no idea the press would be as dishonest, as fake. You know we call it fake -- not you, of course. But it's really fake news. It's unbelievable. You'll have a story, a big success, like in California, they sued to get me off the ballot. I won the suit. It was a huge story. I won the suit. Nobody even covers it. So, I never thought I'd see that.

But overall, I have to say I'm happy, and the reason I'm happy -- no administration has ever done so much for people in its first two and a half years, and we're here for now even more than two and a half years, and we've done so much whether it's choice for the vets -- you know they were trying to get it for 50 years -- they never got it. Regulations, tax cuts, the big tax cuts, getting rid of certain things.

I'll tell you a very, very important are now you can use medicines as they get developed, if you're terminally ill. They call it the Right to Try. Right to Try. If somebody's terminally ill, they have to go to other countries, or just literally die. And we have the best scientists, we have the best doctors in the world.

We have great things, but they're in a pipeline, you couldn't use them, and we have now the right to try. So somebody can sign a piece of paper and they have the right to use that medicine, and you would be -- you wouldn't believe how successful it's been.

Well, I have a very -- I called them the do nothing Democrats. They just don't do anything. I mean, it's unbelievable. All they do is they focus on trying to win the election in 2020, which is all this is about, and it's too bad. But we're doing a lot of things. We're doing a lot on gun safety, and we're working with the NRA, and we're working -- you know, we tried to work with a Democrats, but frankly, they don't even want to meet.

They they don't have time to meet, because all they do is focus on one thing. And, you know, the word do nothing -- the words do nothing, I think, are very important. They just can't get it done. But we're doing a lot. Nobody's done what we've done, and I think we can have some really good -- one of the things, very important, that we can do it without them, is we've already had the first year in 51 years where drug prices have come down, and we're going to get drug prices much lower -- prescription drug prices.

So we're doing a real job, and I love doing it.

Well, it's my home, and it's a place where I spend a lot of time, maybe the most time, in a certain way, certainly over the last couple of years. It's a special pla -- It's really, you have a great governor, Ron DeSantis. I'm very happy -- I was with him right from the beginning, and he's doing a fantastic job, and together, we're working on doing a fantastic job, and he's going to have some big news very soon on prescription drug prices, because we're going to be buying from certain people, in certain areas of the world, at -- the same product exactly for a much lower price.

So, a lot of great things are happening. I love Florida. Florida is very good to me. I want it fairly easily, and I think now, after what we've accomplished, we are going to run it -- you know -- run it right through. We're going to win it by an even by a bigger number.

Thank you. Very nice. Thank you.