How are you?

Hi Paul.

Nice to see you. Good. Nice to see you.

We had a great day with your great Prime Minister. Really something special. We had a special day, and right behind you, we're having an evening celebrating Australia.

Well, it's a great country. I think that it's one of the truly great countries, actually, a beautiful place. I was there, and I was there a couple of times --  have a lot of friends there. Have a lot of friends here from Australia, and very special people. Very strong, great people, and we're going to have a fantastic night tonight celebrating Australia at the White House.

Well, I have fun but it's -- we have a very strange media group of people, and they don't always put the truth out, and we like the truth, and -- and you, by the way, speaking of truth, you have very good references, I have to tell you that.

You have very good references. But, no, we had a good time. We had a great day. It was a really an amazing day that we had, in honor of Australia.

Well, I think really what we have is the trade, but everything equalizes, if you think about it. You know, China's -- we've paid China hundreds of billions of dollars a year, much more than we should have. Other Presidents should have done something about this. But I have a very good relationship with President Xi ,and we'll see if we can work something out. They've had a very rough year. They've had a very, very bad year -- worst in 57 years, and they're losing a lot of jobs. Their supply chain is breaking. We're getting tens of billions of dollars in tariffs, and our economy is doing fantastically well, as is yours, by the way. But our economy is doing fantastically well. So, we'll just keep it going. We'll see what happens. But we're charging China a lot of money now to do business with us.

Well, I liked Malcolm. You're talking about Malcolm.

I like Malcolm very much. But I'll tell you: Scott is -- and I really think they're both very good people. But I've had -- I've developed a very special relationship with Scott. He's a great gentleman. Jennifer, his wife, is somebody that loves your country very much, I can tell you that. We spoke for a while, and she truly loves your country. Scott's a very strong man, a very good man, and I think he's somebody that's respected very much in your country, and he had the kind of election that I had, so we have something in common. It was a little bit of a surprise, and it was a very big victory.

I'll be there, and I know you have the President's Cup coming, and that's exciting. But I'll be there pretty soon.

Well, they have great food, I will say, but I would say the steak they make here is about as good as it gets, although in Australia, you probably have better come to think of it.

Thank you very much.

It's a great honor. Thank you, Paul. Thank you.