Thank you.

Right.

Yeah, no, I don't think so. We're just -- I'm making a speech tomorrow for a group. That's a very, very good group, young people, and I don't know how they have it set up, but I'm going to Arizona. It's a great place. Great state.

I'm not worried about it. No, not at all. We watch it. We're very careful.

Yeah, we are. We are, look, we had this --

We had this going better than anybody's ever seen before. We had the best job numbers, the best economics, the best economy we've ever had. And then we had the virus come in from China and now we're rebuilding it again. We will be doing another stimulus package. It will be very good. It will be very generous.

You'll find out about it. And you'll find that.

Uh, I think over the next, uh, I think it's going to be bipartisan. I think it's going to be over the next couple of weeks, probably.

We do more testing than any country in the world by far, 25 million tests. Other countries do 1 million. Every time you do a test, as you do more tests that shows more and more cases. So we're so far advanced, both in terms of the quality and the amount. And we're doing all these tests and it shows cases if other countries aren't doing, or if we did slow it down, we wouldn't show nearly as many cases.

You're showing people that are asymptomatic. You're showing people that have very little problem. You're showing young people that don't have a problem, but we're doing so much testing 25 million tests. Nobody thought that was possible.

Uh, if it did slow down, frankly, I think we're way ahead of ourselves. If you want to know the truth. We've done too good a job. Because every time we go out with 25 million tests, you're going to find more people. So then they say, oh, uh, we have more cases in the United States. The reason we have more cases because we do more testing than any other country by far, by probably 20 million people.

So when we have more cases, you look at some of these countries that don't even report. You think China's reporting their numbers. Do you think that other countries, I won't mention names, are reporting that numbers? We are so far advanced in testing and in some ways that hurts us.

Uh, I'll do whatever I'm supposed to do. I don't think he wants to debate at all. I've seen that, uh, he wants to try and blame COVID for that too. He's not getting out of his basement. He's got a, you know, basement deal going. And when people see what's happened to Joe, uh, he wasn't good at primetime and now we'll see what happens.

Yeah.

There are thousands of cases all over, uh, thousands.

I don't like the system and I did pretty well in Colorado could have won Colorado, but, uh, I could have won. I almost, uh,

Uh, I can't tell you what it is. I thought I would have one Colorado, frankly. I love Colorado and the people like me and we have a lot of the similar values. Uh, we do a lot of economic development there. A lot of things are planned. No, I don't like mail-in ballots. I don't think it's good for Colorado either.

I don't know. Did the -- did they find anything in Colorado? I can tell you this. There are thousands of cases all over the -- One -- An example, an example, all over the country you have thousands of cases. A friend of mine gets a ballot, his son, unfortunately, passed away seven years ago. He gets a ballot for his son to vote.

That's one case, but there are thousands and thousands of cases. The other thing is with mail-in ballots, people can forge them. Foreign countries can print them. They get the same paper the same press --

Uh, I'm not ordering anything. I'm just, uh, we shouldn't have mail-in ballots. You should have certain things. If you can't be at a location like I'm here. And I can't vote in Florida, I'm at the White House. So you do something where that's taken care of. And that works out fine. But in California, they sent tens of millions of slips out, of balance out.

They put them in mailboxes, people take them, they take them from the mailman and they print them. They fraudulently print them. It's a very bad system. It's going to lead to a tremendous fraud and we're trying to stop it. Mail-in ballots are a disaster. And I'm sure they're not good in Colorado too.

Uh, we're doing, I think, very well. We just started.

I trust everybody. Yeah. I trust everybody. We're doing very well. I had a lot of the same people on the first campaign.