She's feeling good. I'm feeling good. Really good. I mean, perfect. And we're ready to go. I'm ready to go except the quarantine situation that you have for a little while after you get tested or whatever the procedure is. But I'm ready to do -- and I'm looking forward to doing the rallies. I heard that the commission, a little while ago, changed the debate style.

And that's not acceptable to us. I beat him easily in the first debate, according to the polls that I've seen, but I beat him easily in the -- I felt I beat him easily. I think he felt it too. He wouldn't answer any questions, and he had the protection of Chris Wallace all night long. It was -- I thought he -- I thought Chris Wallace was a disaster.

But I beat him in the first debate. At the second debate we have a never Trumper as a host, but that's OK because I'd beat him in the second debate also. And -- but I'm not going to do a virtual debate.

No, I'm not going to waste my time on a virtual debate. That's not what debating is all about. You sit behind a computer and do a debate. It's ridiculous. And then they cut you off whenever they want. I have a host, who I always thought was a nice guy, but I see he's a never Trumper, you know, came out that he's a never Trumper.

And we do have some of them, Maria, believe it or not, because they don't like to win. And -- so, but I'm not doing -- I'm not doing a virtual --

They -- they didn't even tell us about the debate, Maria.

Yes, we learned it the same way you learned it. They called up two minutes ago, and it was announced. And they tried to protect Biden. Everybody is. They're trying -- like that NBC disaster where he went on the show with Lester Holt. It was like it was meant for a child. It wasn't meant for a grown person.

He gets up and he says, we're not fracking. We're not fracking. He was fracking. For six months he was fracking. He was raising his -- his very thin hand and he was fracking. And now all of a sudden he's not fracking. Well, tell the Pennsylvania people that you're going -- it's ridiculous. He said he's not fracking.

That's all he said. And then all of a sudden he goes to a fracking mode.

And how about her, she committed her life to it. And all of a sudden she's a fracker. She's a big fracker. They're going to stop fracking the minute they get into office. They're lying to everybody. They're lying about so many different things. But you have to confront people. You can't do it over the computer.

Yes, well, first of all, I think I'm better. I -- when -- when -- to a point where I -- I'd love to do a rally tonight. I wanted to do one last night. But I think I'm better to a point that I feel better than I did, you know, I jokingly said 20 years ago. I feel perfect. There's nothing wrong. I had a case.

I -- I got it knocked out. I think it was Regeneron that was responsible for it. Because of that, it was sort of like almost a -- a gift from heaven because -- because of what I went through, and I had a -- you know, I felt pretty lousy. A lot of people did. A lot of people do. You know, no matter how good the security, you're not going to protect yourselves from this thing with just your standard anything unless you just literally don't come out.

And even those people found out -- did you see in New York City, the most heavily locked down place, the people that got it the most were the people that were caught in their houses, in their apartments, OK? It's -- it's one of those things that --

Yes, go ahead, Maria.

Well --

Well, that's because they're trying to hurt the economy as much as possible, the Democrats. They want a November 3rd because this is where they figure the economy would hurt a little bit better. My numbers won't be as good. But, actually, our numbers are going to be great. Our numbers for the third quarter are going to be through the roof.

Retail sales, employment, all of these numbers are going to be great. So I don't know what they're doing. It's a shame what's happened to New York. It's like a ghost town. It's like a sad, sad place, New York.

It was so sad. I have friends -- I have friends living there. They are leaving.

No, I don't think I'm contagious, but we still have to wait -- I don't think I'm contagious at all. Well, first of all, if I'm at a rally, I stand by myself very far away from everybody. So whether I was or not. But I -- I don't -- I wouldn't -- I still wouldn't go to a rally if I was contagious. But, no, it takes a certain period of time.

I feel that I'm -- I'm -- I feel that I'm great. You catch this thing. A lot of people caught it. Look, you have the governor of Virginia, he wore a mask all the time, you'd never seen the guy without a mask, he catches it. You have senators that wore masks all the time, Thom Tillis, a very good guy, who's, I think, now going to win his race because there's a part -- his opponent happened to have not one affair but two affairs, OK?

That was not good timing. And I think Thom Tillis is going to win his race. And he should win it. He's a good man. But he was known as "the mask," Mr. Mask we'd call him. He caught it. You catch this thing. It's, you know, it's -- it's particles of dust. It's tiny stuff. Now, as far as the White House is concerned, somebody got in.

There was a day of celebration with Notre Dame, et cetera, et cetera. Somebody got in and people got affected. Whether it was there or something else. And, remember this, when you catch it, you get better. And then you're immune, you know? I -- as soon as everything goes away for me, you're immune. And --

What?

Yes. And they're going to get it. Yes, they're going to get it. I -- I'm back because I'm a perfect, physical specimen and I'm extremely young. And so I'm lucky in that way. And --

And in all -- seriously, I don't have any -- I don't have heart problems. I don't have diabetes. I don't have any of the problems that you read about. Perhaps a couple of pounds we could lose here and there, but, you know, because a lot of people in that category. But, no, I'm in good health and I'm -- you know.

Well, look, what happens is, if you're anywhere around this thing, you can catch it. People caught it. And I'm not just talking about this location, I'm talking about many other locations. Now, what happens is you get better. That's what happens, you get better. Now, we have drugs now that we didn't even know about four months ago, like Regeneron, like -- and I'm not even talking about Remdesivir.

Remdesivir is, you know, it's fine. But -- but the Regeneron was -- I -- I view it as a cure, not just a therapeutic. I view it as a cure because I took it. And Eli Lilly has a great drug. I spoke to the head of it, David, last night, the company, very much along the lines of Regeneron. And they work in a very similar way.

It's great. And what I'm doing is I'm going to supply this drug. It made me better, I will tell you right now. I walked in. I didn't feel great. I think I would have done it fine without drugs. It -- you know, you don't really need drugs. And you -- they also like to give you steroids, like a storied combination for a short period of time because that stop the swelling, like a baseball pitcher would use a steroid to, you know, when his arm blows up.

They want to stop the swelling of the lungs in particular. And so they gave -- they gave me a steroid, which is a very easy thing to take.

But, no, I had tremendous luck with this Regeneron. And Eli Lilly, I would have had the luck -- what I'm doing now, and I don't know if you saw the video I made last night, but I made a video. I put it out. And thank --

A blessing in disguise. I'm -- I'm glad because I'm the leader. And I can't be like Biden where I hang out in a basement every day. Sure, he -- if I wanted to hang out in a basement, I wouldn't catch it, but I meet a lot of people and I have to. I'm the president of the country. I can't hang around in a basement.

So, I figured there would be a chance that I would catch it. Sometimes I'd be with -- in groups of -- for instance gold-star families. I met with gold-star families. I didn't want to cancel that. But they all came in and they all talked about their son and daughter and father. And they all came up to me and they tell me a story, Maria.

It was really amazing actually, beautiful but sad. And they come up and they tell me a story about my son, sir, was in Iraq or he was in Afghanistan. And sir, he did this and he did that and then he charged in order to save his friends. And yes, sir, he was killed but he saved his friends. He's so brave, sir.

And they tell me these stories and I can't say back up, stand ten feet, I just can't do it. And I went through like 35 people and everyone had a different story. I could also say don't tell stories. They're telling the story of their son who just died or daughter --

-- or husband who just died in a war or recently died, mostly over the last 10, 12 years but some very recent. And I can't back up, Maria, and say give me room, I want room. Give me 12 feet, stay 12 feet away when you talk. They come within an inch of my face sometimes. They want to hug me and they want to kiss me.

And they do. And frankly, I'm not telling them to back up. I'm not doing it. But I did say it's like -- it's obviously dangerous. It's a dangerous thing I guess if you go by the COVID thing. But I'm thinking --

Look, I look at the numbers. I figured that you probably -- that probably at some point I'd catch it and I'll get better. That's what happened. I've caught it. I could've been out of the hospital in one day. I had the Regeneron. And I don't know what would've happened without the Regeneron. All I know is I had it and I was better within 24 hours.

I felt perfect. I feel perfect now, Maria, otherwise I wouldn't be able to speak to you.

Yes. I was yesterday and the day before and the day before that. I worked from the hospital. I worked a full schedule. I missed very little --

-- time.

Well, I shutdown talks two days ago because they weren't working out. Now they are starting to work out. We're starting to have some very productive talks. And she wants it to happen too. She doesn't want it not to happen. I believe she wants it to happen because it's so good for our country. We really need it.

It wasn't our workers fault. It wasn't our airlines fault that China did this terrible thing to us that I will not be forgetting about that. China did this. This was all done by China. And we shouldn't be hurting our workers because China out the curse on because this was a horrible scourge, a horrible thing that they did.

And so I said -- I said, look, we're not getting anywhere, shut it down. And I'm -- I didn't want to waste time but in any event, after that we got back, both sides very capable. We got back, we started talking again and we're talking about airlines and we're talking about a bigger deal than airlines. We're talking about a deal with $1,200 per person.

We're talking about other things. But it's not anybody's fault.

They were trying to get things and we were trying to get things and it wasn't going anywhere. I shut it down. I don't want to play games. And then we reopened and I see the markets are doing well but I think we have a really good chance of doing something. And Nancy Pelosi, look, she's not my favorite person.

She impeached me for no reason. So when you get impeached for no reason you have a little bit of a tell-tale lag. But she impeached me over a phone call that was absolutely perfect, OK? And everybody knew it and they never had a chance. And -- but I start to go through a process which is ridiculous. So, it's not like --

-- she's the greatest person in the world.

Yes.

Unless Bill Barr indicts these people for crimes, the greatest political crime in the history of our country, then we're going to get little satisfaction unless I win and we'll just have to go, because I won't forget it. But these people should be indicted, this was the greatest political crime in the history of our country and that includes Obama and it includes Biden.

These are people that spied on my campaign and we have everything. Now they say they have much more, OK? And I say, Bill, we've got plenty, you don't need any more. We've got so much, Maria, even -- just take a look at the Comey report, 78 pages of kill, done by Horowitz, and I have a lot of respect for Horowitz, and he said prosecute.

He recommended prosecute and they didn't prosecute. I was -- I couldn't believe it, but they didn't do it, because they said we have much bigger fish to fry. Well, that's OK, they indicted Flynn for lying and he didn't lie. They destroyed many lives, Roger Stone, over nothing. They destroyed lives. Look at Manafort, they sent in a black book, it was a phony black book, phony, they made up a black book of cash that he got from Ukraine or someplace and he didn't get any cash.

It was a phony book.

What they've done to people, Carter Page --

Good.

Look, we have all the evidence in the world, in addition to that I released everything, every document, I don't care what it pertains to, I released everything. I've declassified, I'm the only one in the country that has the power to do that. I've declassified everything. I did it a year ago, actually, for Bill Barr.

I declassified everything so they would have no -- so there's not a document they can't have. But, it's still not that easy, you have a deep state, you have a group of people that don't want to have documents shown, which tells you bad thing, you know, but they -- they have to give them ultimately and we're getting them, you know.

Yesterday John -- John gave -- John Ratcliffe, who's terrific, he gave over 1,000 pages of documents and that people couldn't get. And they're breaking down, the FBI slowly but surely giving us what they want. Disappointing how they're responding.

Well, I don't want to say that yet, he's been disappointing. He talks about, you know, even the voting thing that he doesn't see the voting ballots as a problem. There's thousands of ballots right there, you pick up any paper in the country practically and they're cheating all over the place on the ballots.

So, how is that not a problem? That's a much bigger problem than China or Russia if you look at it. It's a much bigger problem So when, you know, when you say that, oh, I don't see that as a problem. Pick up the newspaper and read, and they lost 1,000 ballots in -- or were defrauded in North Carolina, 500 ballots were sent to Virginia erroneously.

When you look at what happened in -- just take a look at what happened in New York with the Carolyn Maloney race, it was a disaster how they were able to give her that victory. I don't know the other guy, he was a Democrat in the primary, but it was just a small primary.

Well, you take a look at that and see what happens --

Look at what happened -- look at what happened yesterday.

Yes.

Right. They forgot to put my name on the ballot.

Two-thousands ballots --

-- they forgot one minor detail. They forgot one minor detail. They put my name on the ballot. OK? Other than that, the ballots were wonderful, right? These are cheaters. These are -- these are con men, these are cheaters that we're dealing with in Nevada. They don't want to have any signature on the ballots.

He's a real beauty, you know, he comes out of the -- he comes out of the political party, he got to be governor. You can't even get a site, if you want to make a speech in Nevada, you can't even get a site, I got a site because I'm president, but you can't even get a site. It's very hard to get a political site to make a speech for -- to have thousands of people show up.

They have them all over the place, but you know, he makes it so that it's very difficult. Anybody else can't get a site. And he's in charge of the ballots. And there's bad things happening out there. Now, we have law enforcement watching him, very strong. U.S. attorney is watching him very strongly. The U.S. marshal is watching.

In New Mexico, a state that I think we can win, we have the U.S. marshal and the U.S. attorney watching him. So it's not -- it's not easy for them because we've got people watching. Nobody ever had. But it's a corrupt system because they're sending out millions of ballots. Now, when you send out millions of ballots, when you're the sender, you can send them wherever you want.

You can send them to Democrat areas, Republican areas. You don't have to send them at all. Mailmen are being, as you know, indicted. One was indicted yesterday in New Jersey, another one was indicted in West Virginia.

Mailmen. Ballots are being found in riverbeds. They dumped a whole -- they call it a tray. A tray is a lot of ballots I don't know what -- how many, but it's a lot.

They found trays of ballots in -- in a river. They found eight ballots with my name on, military ballots, eight ballots with my name on it in a wastepaper basket in another good state. Now, it's a terrible thing.

And then when you bring it up they say -- Maria, then when you bring it up, oh, he's not for freedom.

He's not for a smooth transfer, you know.

Well, I'll tell you what I think. Yes, I'll tell you what I think. If you were running for office, and if you see thousands and thousands of ballots being thrown into rivers, and they have your name on it in some cases, in other words people -- we had military ballots where people voted for me, military, the military's going to vote for me because I -- I rebuilt the military.

I love the military, despite their phony story that they made up about standing at a grave. It's a totally made up story. They don't even have any witnesses. They made it up. And that's why they're lowlifes because then they went -- they made it up and then they went with the story they know wasn't true but they use it all the time.

Actually, it was Joe Biden that called the military a bunch of dirty bastards and he said it on tape. He called them a bunch of dirt bastards and he said it on tape. Nobody brings that up. The press doesn't bring that up. They made up a story with me about what I said. It's the most angered I was in this campaign when they did that.

I said, now the gloves are off. Let the gloves be off.

They're coming home.

Yes.

Shortly -- shortly by the end of the year. Yes, so what's happened is, you know, we're in negotiations. But, look, the other side's tired of fighting, too, 19 years. It's been 19 years. And I've been bringing them home. We're down to 4,000 troops in Afghanistan. And I'll have them home by the end of the year.

They're coming home, you know, as we speak. And -- 19 years is enough. They're acting as policemen, OK, they're not acting as troops. We have the greatest troops in the world. I wiped out a hundred percent of ISIS caliphate. I killed Soleimani. I killed al-Baghdadi. Names that everybody -- bigger names than Osama bin laden.

Al-Baghdadi founded ISIS. Soleimani was the worst terrorist in 50 years. I killed both of them. Nobody could find them until I came along. But we've done a great job. Our soldiers have been fantastic. I've rebuilt our military. I want our military home because, you know what, we're all over the world. We're in all these different sites fighting in countries that nobody ever heard of and it hurts us because we're -- you wear out your military.

And we have to be always prepared for China and Russia and these other places. We have to be prepared. Maybe North Korea.

Whatever happened to North Korea, by the way. Remember we were going to be in a war with North Korea. We're getting along very well. And, you know, we could have lost -- we could have lost a couple of million people.

Hey, we could have lost a couple of million people in North Korea.

No, they don't bring it up because it's a positive story.

They don't bring it up because it's a positive story.

I thought that wasn't even a contest last night. She was terrible. She was -- I don't think you could get worse. And totally unlikable. And she is. She's a Communist. She's left of Bernie. She's rated left of Bernie by everybody. She's a Communist. We're going to have a Communist -- and she's going to be -- in my opinion, within a month.

Look, I sit next to Joe and I looked at Joe. Joe's not lasting two months as president, OK, that's my opinion. He's not going to be lasting two months. You know, they all like to say, oh, it was so nice, he took his ads down.

He didn't take his ads down. It was all nonsense. He never -- he never took his ads down. No, I -- no, she's a Communist. She's not a socialist. She's well beyond a socialist. Take a look at her views. She wants to open up the borders to allow killers and murderers and rapists to pour into our country. We have the tightest borders we've ever had right now.

I have the wall. It's up to 350 miles long. It will be finished very soon. It's had a tremendous impact. And, frankly, we're working along very well with Mexico. But it's hard to get into our country. And when we do have people in our country that are bad, I throw them out. We're throwing out thousands -- tens of thousands of people and they're murderers and they're rapists.

She wants to allow everybody in stay in our country. Look at the manifesto. You know, Bernie lies about all this stuff because, you know, Bernie is -- is the guy that's -- that's -- crazy Bernie, he's the one that's really angry, and so is AOC, because, you know, he thought that they had a man in Biden that was going to agree to what they agreed to.

And that's no fracking, open borders, you know, sanctuary cities, all of this stuff. He's still probably going to do sanctuary cities because, you know, that, for whatever reason.

But -- but, but, Maria, just to finish --

He -- he goes out and he says no fracking for months during the Democrat debates --

And then he gets up and he says, no, we're going to frack. Pennsylvania will never go for him because Pennsylvania has a million jobs that are fracking. Fracking is energy. That's what they do now, fracking. And you got a million jobs that are energy. Their -- their energy costs would triple if they didn't do fracking.

The energy costs in our country would quadruple if we didn't frack. So he goes around bragging to the liberal Democrats and the radical left, there will be no fracking. Then he gets on the stage, in a more normal time, with people like -- that are normal, like us, that have to have fracking for the jobs, for the cost, for the -- we're energy independent now because of fracking.

And he says, oh, yes, I'll frack. Take a look at the pictures. I'm sure you've seen them 100 times.

Take a look at him denying, there will be no fracking. That's his exact quote.

There will be --

She made it even more a fact. She laughed about it.

Totally. We're he totally energy independent.

Substantially.

We're cutting middle income taxes.

We're cutting middle income taxes substantially. They know that. We're -- that's what made this thing successful, between that and the regulation cuts. He's going to put all the regulations back on. It's going to take you 20 years to build a highway. I took highway construction down from 19 years to probably one by the time I totally finish it to get it -- and -- and, by the way, if it doesn't work, it's, you know, going to get rejected for environmental or safety reasons.

But he's -- he's going to put them back. It was taking you 20 years to get a road approved. Twenty years to get a road -- think of it, you start as a young man, by the time you're a middle aged man, they haven't approved it. And, in many cases, then they reject it. You couldn't get anything approved. You couldn't get plants approved.

You couldn't get energy approved. You couldn't get anything it was so crazy. I showed you that list of -- of things that you have to go through to get a permit in this country for a simple factory.

It was -- it was 30 feet high. I've taken it down to a year from it could be 20 years, it could be 15, it could be 12. It was massive. And what that would do, it stopped everything. I think that was, frankly, a bigger thing than even the tax cuts. But he -- he wants to end our tax cuts. Two things will happen, we won't have any jobs, all of the companies that are pouring into our country, of which there are many, especially car companies from Japan and Germany and other places, they're going back.

They're going to go back. If you do that, they're going to go back because our taxes were so onerous and our regulations were so onerous that even if they want -- wanted to come. I have many car companies coming into this country. You know when I was -- when I first started, we hadn't had a car company come in, in many years.

They weren't coming into this country. This country was off bounds. Now they take advantage of it. They make their car in Japan, Germany, China, and then sell it into our company -- our country. We wouldn't charge. We'd have maximum 2 percent tariff. But we wouldn't even charge them that. And I saved the chicken tax on the truck with South Korea.

They were going to wipe out the chicken tax.

It's a 25 percent tax.

If it wasn't for me that tax would be nothing right now. It's the only thing they make money on because they can't compete.

The deficient was coming way down with China for the first time in 30 years, way, way with China. I was taking in billions of dollars, I took in $28 billion, I gave the money to the farmers because the farmers were targeted by China as a way to get me to negotiate. I said no, instead of that and that's why other presidents, a more normal type president like a sleepy Joe type, China ripped them off for years and years.

I said to China, listen, you want to play games, so what they do is they say, listen, if you don't give us everything we want, we're not going to buy any corn and we're not going to buy soybeans, we're not going to buy beef. And I say that's OK, don't buy it. I went to the farmers, I said look, we got to play a game with these people but I'm going to put tariffs on you, nobody even heard of tariffs.

They never even heard of tariffs, nobody. In fact, when I first started doing it, they didn't even know what it meant. I said I'm going to put tariffs to the equivalent that you target --

-- yes, to the equivalent that you target our farmers, I'm going to put tariffs on you.

We have a lousy phone here.

Yes, we are. Well, I'm going to use tariffs on China because they want to take them off. We're getting billions of dollars, I was going to tell you that we get 28 billion dollars, because our farmers that's what they got targeted for. I gave all of the money to the farmers, that we had tens of billions left over, which goes into the Treasury.

China getting killed, we were building -- don't forget, you have been a great reporter a long time. The year 2019, China -- if you go back 10 years, 2019 China takes us over the largest economy on earth. Well, prior to this plague coming in, still by the way, but prior to the plague coming in, China was doing lousy compared to us.

We were upping them, we were getting bigger and bigger compared to them and we were doing great. We were way ahead of China. Nobody -- China was never going to catch us if we had a smart guy as president. And the tariffs were pouring in billions of dollars. Then I made trade deal and it was a really good deal, they broke it, if you remember.

I made a bigger trade deal and they broke it at the last minute. With two days left, they broke the deal, they said we can't agree to this. You know, the opening up of China and all the things, so I broke off the deal. Then they came back, and I made a partial deal. It was a deal for the -- a good deal for manufacturers, farmers, et cetera.

It was more of a -- it was modest but it was still massive deal. Not as big as USMCA by the way, if you can believe that.

I made a great deal with China, and our farmers -- you know, two weeks ago they made a largest order of corn in history, the largest order of soybeans in history because they want to keep me happy because they know that I'm a hair trigger when it comes to them and I'm sick of them. Everything that we have, we have that COVID, the China virus because of them.

You look back at other, other infections that we've gotten because of them. This isn't the first time and by the way, the -- the N1 -- H1H1N1 that she always calls -- he always calls it N1H1, the swine flu H1N1, we tried to tell them every time I have to correct him on that. But the -- big deal, if you look at that, he did a horrible job of running it, it was a joke, his own person, Ron Plain, Plain, Ron Plain said he didn't know what he was doing, it was a horror show, he wouldn't run it.

He didn't -- if he ran this you would have had 2.2 million deaths as opposed to over 200,000 and one is too many because it was China's fault. But if he ran this, you would have had --

-- remember the original projection, Maria, was 2.2 million people will die. If it's not he handled properly.

Well we're at 200,000, over 200,000.

Look, we know that the Republicans --

If we don't, it's the Republicans' fault, because there's no reason why not. Look, I'm president and it's happened 29 times. She made another mistake last night, what she said about Lincoln, she was wrong about that, of course, you know. They -- they were -- they say things, like we go over it, they say we're not going to do this and they're going to do it.

They say -- they just make -- I've never seen such liars as this, they're worse than crooked Hillary, she was worse in other ways. She was worse when she delete 33,000 e-mails illegally and she should be indicted for that. If people delete e-mails in a regular court case, she delete 33,000 e-mails and nothing happens to her.

Our justice system, nothing happens to her. With all of the pages of stuff, thousands of pages that we have on them, nothing happens to them. Nothing happens. And you know what --

-- I said I'm going to not get involved, but I'm going to have to get involved, because --

-- these people are crooked people.

I don't know why they're not doing it. I don't know why they're not doing it. I don't know. I don't know why. You'll have to call --

They're protected.

Oh, it's ridiculous. Look what they do -- look what they do to Flynn and so many other people. Look at what -- how they destroy these people. It's totally -- it's 24 years of putting radical liberals in there and also Bush haters -- you know, Trump haters, they put the Bush people in there. Frankly the Bush people, some of these losers that used to work for Bush, they're worse than -- they're worse than the Obama people.

So, I've got -- I've got never-Trumpers. I've got a combination of never-Trumpers and I've got, you know, the Clinton people and the Bush people. There's 24 years of some bad stuff and we have great people too. I have great people. But, we have some bad people and we have people that somehow Bill has got to move, I don't know what's going on.

Do you got everything -- we found them, we caught them, but look at Hillary Clinton. Forget about what was on the e-mails, OK? Forget about what was on them. She said it was ballet and it was -- it was -- you know her -- her teachers --

-- at her daughter's wedding and it was a lot of nonsense. She said she had 33,000 e-mails. She got -- forget about what was on the e-mails, it's irrelevant, although many of them were classified, highly classified and you go to jail for that. But, look -- and they're in the State Department, but Mike Pompeo is unable to get them out, which is very sad actually.

I'm -- I'm not happy about him for that, that reason. He was unable to get -- I don't know why. You're running the State Department and you get them out. But they're in the State Department. FBI's been slowly getting stuff out and you're seeing it. Rick Grenell has done a phenomenal job, John Ratcliffe has done a phenomenal job.

And, you know, to be honest, Bill Barr's going to go down either as the greatest Attorney General in the history of the country or he's going to go down as a very sad -- sad situation. I mean, I'll be honest with you, he's got all the information he needs. They want to get more, more, more, they keep getting more.

I said, you don't need any more. You've got more stuff than anybody's ever had. Now, it -- you know -- with Durham, I don't know what happened to Durham, but we're going to find out what happened to Durham, but he's got so much stuff. Look, Mr. Horowitz was appointed by Obama. He wrote approximately 78 pages on Comey that was scathing, scathing and they didn't go after Comey.

And even "The New York Times," which is totally biased garbage, it's a terrible newspaper, it's totally a disgrace -- it's a disgusting newspaper, it's a -- it's the enemy of the people. It writes stories -- if I did something so good, they don't even want to talk about peace in the Middle East, no bloodshed.

They don't want to talk about anything having to do with -- these are very dishonest people, but even the wrote a scathing report when Horowitz -- Inspector General Horowitz, who I have a lot of respect for, I never met him, but I have a lot respect for, because he was in appointment by Obama and he came up with a scathing report.

Nothing happened with it. I mean, what -- you didn't need anything else beyond that report. That report told -- says he was a liar, he lied to Congress, he lied to everybody. That report was scathing. He did a scathing report on McCabe. McCabe goes out and gets a super television show like -- like he's a little angel sitting on CNN, fake news CNN.

No, I'll -- I'll be tested pretty soon, but I'm -- I'm essentially very clean. They say it's over a periods of six, seven days and I was -- I -- you know, it was amazing thing happened to me. I just went in and I didn't feel good. And that's OK, I expect it at some point because I'm out there. I've got to be a leader.

I can't -- Winston Churchill didn't sit in his --

-- basement for six months. I got a lot of things going. And again when I want to say hello to gold-star families what I say -- I'm not going to be in a basement saying, hey, I can't see you as you traveled in from California and all the different places. It's OK. And I think at some point I would -- it's a very -- look, it's a tiny, tiny linking it to a tiny little microscopic piece of dust and it gets into your nose or your mouth or your eye frankly or something else or you touch something.

So I understand and then you get better. But what's happened is -- the big thing that happened is we have I call them cures. I don't call them therapeutics. But between Eli Lilly and Regeneron, these are two different companies. You take it, it's an antibody drug, you take it and it beats the hell out of it.

And I'm telling you I could've --

-- walked out there 24 hours after I went in. I didn't even have to go in, frankly. I think it would've gone away by itself. 99.9 percent below a fairly substantial age has no problem. I mean, they can get it, they can feel a little sick but they don't die and the tiny percentage of senior citizens and all.

So what I'm going to do is take Regeneron and take the Eli Lilly equivalent. They're a little different, both great, both great but very similar. I'm going to send them, free of charge --

-- to all of the hospitals --

I've stopped. I don't take them anymore. No, I don't take them anymore.

I think I've taken almost nothing. I think I'm finished with just about everything. I think you go a little bit longer on -- they have a steroid. It's not even -- it's not a heavy steroid. They have that go a little bit longer. But I'm not taking -- I'm almost not taking anything. I feel great. I mean I'd rather do the interview with you in person rather than a telephone that obviously doesn't work very well.

Well, we'll do that, Maria.

We'll do that.

But why isn't Hilary Clinton being indicted for terminating 33,000 e-mails that she got from Congress? Congress made a request to see them. Everybody else I know gets indicted when they don't give that. They don't give -- she destroyed 33,000 e-mails. Forget about the fact that they were classified. Let's go.

Maybe Mike Pompeo finally finds --

-- them, OK? But forget about the fact --

Sure. And they talked about golf and they talked about golf for 45 minutes and they talked about their grandchildren. Well, that didn't -- no. I've been on private planes all my life I've never seen a plane stop on a tarmac to pick somebody up. It just doesn't happen, you know that better than I do. So let me just tell you, he went there, in my opinion, to talk about extending her for Attorney General or putting her in the Supreme Court if she doesn't do bad things to Hilary.

And she did nothing to Hilary. That's what she talked about. And I wouldn't be --

-- surprised if you could find those papers. Well, that's what it is because that's called life. Hilary Clinton, they were after Hilary Clinton after . This is before my time. They were after Hilary Clinton on the e-mails and on many other things. She's crooked. She's crooked as hell. She's a crooked person.

And by the way, you talk about transition of power. She's telling Biden not to do it but then if I say it it's like oh --

-- it's a big story. But Hilary Clinton -- and Bill Clinton gets on a plane on a tarmac and they talk for 45 minutes about their grandchildren -- no, they didn't talk -- in my opinion what they talked about was we'll extend you Attorney General or we're going to give you the next Supreme Court justice case.

We're going to give you the seat --

-- and to leave Hilary alone.

Leave Hilary alone. That's what they do.

Call it a matter and --

And the same thing with Comey. Look at the way Comey tries to protect her. Now he got caught because they had a revolution in the FBI because when he got up and tried to exonerate her, the FBI, which is phenomenal people in the FBI, they had a revolution. You go back to "The New York Post" and you read what happened years ago.

The people that work in the FBI had a revolution when he let her go because instead of just saying we're letting her go, he read all the charges and the charges made her guilty --

-- as hell. She did this, she did that, we're letting her go. She did this, she did that. There were like 9 or 11 charges that were all -- she was all guilty. And then, at the end, he's -- therefore we've decided to let her go. She had a -- they had a revolution with the honest people of the FBI. So then he had to go back and reverse his tracks and he had to go back and say, well, I'm going to go back and investigate it again.

Then he did the investigation, right? And -- but it was getting very close to the election. So he said, well, we won't be able -- this will take years to do because they found the pervert's computer. So he said, it will take years to find -- go through all this stuff. So that was no good because that wouldn't clean her up for the election.

Then he miraculously said, oh, we found a computer, app, that will allow us to go through 8,000 or 78,000, I don't know some -- she must just sit there and do these things all day long -- but 78,000 e-mails and text messages. We -- we found a -- a new app, and it can do everything in 10 minutes. So it went from years of looking, to he can do it in 10 minutes.

This is a phony -- there's no app that can do that.  tell you.

So three days later he came out and said she's clean. You know her big mistake? She was so traumatized by the whole thing that she never, ever built it up. She never -- it's her fault. I figure she'd have news conferences. You go back and look. She never -- look, Comey gave her a pass --

She -- Comey gave her a pass and she never talked about it.

Yes, everyone.

We have tremendous black community support, men and women, by the way, because I've done more for the black community than any president except Abraham Lincoln. And it's true. What I've done for criminal justice reform, opportunity zones, historically black colleges and universities, nobody's ever done what I've done, prison reform, nobody's ever done what I've done for the black community, other than Abraham Lincoln.

I mean, to be honest with you. I say it and people don't even challenge me on it. And they ought to -- the black community understands that they've been used by the Democrats. They come back -- five months before an election, they come back, they want -- they -- they want the voter -- the black voter. And they promise all sorts of things.

The day after the election, they forget them for another four years. It's a disgrace, I'll tell you. But nobody's done what I've done. Look at historically black colleges. Obama wouldn't even fund them. They wouldn't -- wouldn't give them any funding. I gave them 10 years' worth of financing at a higher number than they asked for.

I said, you're going to need more money than that.

Right.

Well, not -- not my critics, it's the Democrats. The Republicans love school choice and they love charter schools. We have charter schools that are so successful, you wouldn't even believe it. That the same student in a -- at a charter school is like a great student. You put them in that public school system that's being destroyed by the unions, just absolutely what's happening there.

Biden can't go away from the unions because he's got union support. I think I have a lot of union support, if you want to know the truth. And, by the way, teachers are teachers. We have to put them in the charter schools. You know, too, you can put them in the charter schools. You know, a teacher is a very valuable, incredible gift to our country.

And I love the teachers. I wouldn't be talking to you if it weren't for some very good teachers. And -- and let me just tell you, they want to get rid of school choice. And school choice is -- is the biggest civil rights gift of everything. They want to get rid of it because of the unions. The unions -- the teachers union controls Biden.

And -- and the radical left controls Biden. Biden won't be president for two months, OK? He wouldn't be president for two months. If Biden ever got in, he'll be --

He's not mentally capable. He's not mentally capable of being president. You know that. Everybody knows that. Everybody that knows him, he can't be president. And this monster that was on stage with Mike Pence, who destroyed her last night, by the way, but this monster, she says, no, no, there won't be fracking.

There won't be this. There won't -- everything she said is a lie. In fact, they go back and they agreed to the manifesto.

Take a look at the manifesto. They agreed to that with Bernie Sanders and AOC and AOC plus three, I call it. you know, all the killers.

They agreed to it. In fact, AOC's having a fit this morning because they've disavowed it. They agreed do the manifesto.

Open borders, crime pouring into our country. They want to have thousands of people that are murderers, rapists just pour into our country. They could be very sick people. Our borders are sealed right now, except if you come in legally. And it's a great time that I got it done in time, 350 miles already of wall.

That's had a huge differences.

It's destroyed -- it's helped -- it's one of the many things that's destroyed New York, yes. It's destroyed New York. It's -- it's what's happened.

What's happened in New York is one of the saddest things I've ever seen happen to a city. Now it's happening in Chicago too. It's all Democrat-run cities. The only way it's going to come back is you're going to have to find a young version of Rudy Giuliani, otherwise it's not, because they have all these lefties in New York running for office and they use their criminal system and their -- their -- they use their --

What's that?

No, because he -- no, I hope not because he couldn't win as a Republican. He couldn't -- wouldn't have a chance.

It's an all Democrat city. I'm making actually a play for the whole state. You know, I did well there. But, you know, in theory, see, the Republicans have a disadvantage. They lose New York, Illinois and California before it even starts. So, you know, I had to run the table last time. It's not easy. And, frankly, winning the Electoral College is tougher, in my opinion, than getting the popular vote because I don't campaign in New York, Illinois, in California, you know, because they're sort of meant like they're automatic for years.

This is for years, no big secret. So you start off with three of the biggest states that you now can't lose almost anything. That was what the miracle was last time. I won Florida. I won North Carolina. I won Pennsylvania. I ran the board. I won South Carolina. I won Georgia. I won Michigan, which hadn't been won in decades and decades.

And we should win it again because I brought so much business there because she's the lockup queen. What she's done to that -- that place is horrible. She's locked it up. She's got people like living in prison. The courts just overturned her. They said what you're doing is unconstitutional.

What they're doing to Wisconsin is horrible.

Look what they're doing to Wisconsin. It's terrible.

No, I don't want to do a virtual debate because a virtual debate is a -- is a joke. There's no reason. I'm in great shape. I -- I just, you know, I -- I -- unlike Joe, I don't have the luxury of staying in a basement all day long. I'm running a country. You know, when Winston Churchill was prime minister, he would stand at the top of buildings as Hitler was dropping bombs on London.

You know that. you've heard that. And he'd make speeches and put his fist up in the air and say, how dare you, you know, the "mad dog" he called him. And, you know, it's -- I can't stay in a basement. I can't stay in a basement. And he can. I mean, look, him --

Probably the greatest thing because you don't have to hear what he says.  -- when he talks, the way he talks, he can't get sentences out. In fact, if I was criticized for one thing, it's that I --

I don't know. I don't understand it. I don't believe them. I don't believe the polls because we've never had this much support. They have a vote thing, they have 5,000 votes. They have thousands of trucks all over the country.

I don't believe the polls. Maria, I don't believe the polls. And you had the same polls. They were worse the last time.

I had one last time I was nine down in nine different states and I won all of them. I was -- in nine states I was down. Big ones. I won every one of them.

The polls are rigged, just like the reporters are rigged.

We have a very dishonest media.

Yes.

Yes. we're going to have more countries come in. And they're -- they're all lined up already. It's -- like I've done it totally different. They put me up for a Nobel Prize -- two Nobel Prizes, that in Kosovo, Serbia, too.

No, but I know -- but the press doesn't even write about it. Not that I need that, but the press doesn't -- think of it, you get nominated for a Nobel Prize, you don't even get the -- a story. They don't even write about it. They don't even talk about it. It's disgusting, frankly. Obama got one. Nobody even -- like his first couple of weeks in office, nobody even knew what he did.

And he didn't know what he did when they asked him, why are you getting it, he had no clue. But he got it because he's a liberal Democrat, his life is a lot easier. I'll tell you, life is a lot easier on the other side, but this is the side that works. This is the side that's going to keep our cities straight and clean and safe and law and order.

Because you take a look at what's happening in Portland --

-- and Chicago, and New York and every one of them is radical left Democrats and they're destroying those cities. And if -- I'm the only thing standing in the way --

Because this country will go to hell, your taxes will double and triple and quadruple. Your stock markets will crash, we'll have a depression, the likes of which we've never seen before.

OK, thank you.

I feel great. Thanks a lot, Maria. Thank you very much.