Well, thank you, Ainsley. Great to be with you.

Well, we should. I mean, we're delivering so much equipment. Nobody's ever seen anything like it. It's a war. We're fighting a war, and the federal government has really stepped up and most governors are very happy. I get on calls, and I get on a lot of the governor calls where we'll have all 50 governors plus where we have some territories also, but we have 50 governors.

And I'll tell you what, if you could listen to those calls, you'd never hear a complaint. And sometimes the news will say we've got information, and they have no information at all, but you know, they try and build wars between people. But no, we have a great relationship with the governors because of what we're doing.

We started off with an empty shelf. There was not a lot -- just like when we had no ammunition. When the general walked in and they said, sir, we have no ammunition in my first week. We didn't have very much in terms of medical product either, and we built something really good. Now we have on store as we need them, we have 10,000 ventilators.

We have massive plane loads of things coming in. You know, we have 51 planes. You saw that, UPS and FedEx yesterday. We have 51 planes coming up loaded with material from all over, and no. We're doing really well. I mean, it was -- it's tough stuff. This is a tough deal, but it's incredible. Today we're opening up a hospital, 2,900 beds in New York City, and we -- in addition to that we're doing four medical centers in New York City.

We're doing New Jersey, we're doing Louisiana, we're doing Florida. We have -- all over the country we're doing things. It's incredible what's happened with the Army Corps of Engineers and FEMA.

Well, it's not so much what I've seen. I listen to experts. We have Dr. Fauci. We have -- as you know, we have Deborah Birx, who is fantastic also -- Dr. Deborah Birx, and the two of them plus many people behind them. And the worst that can happen is you do it too early and all of a sudden it comes back.

That makes it more difficult. So we're doing a great job. New York is really in trouble, but I think it's going to end up being fine. We're loading it up. We're stocking it up both New York City and state. We're dealing with the mayor and we're dealing with the governor, and the relationships are very good.

I mean, you hear it. They would be complaining if it wasn't, so we're giving them a lot of things that they never thought they'd be getting, including hospitals. We're building hospitals for them, and we're building them in three and four days. They're mobile hospitals, but they're very complex and very big.

And when you have 2,900 beds, that's a big hospital. So we're doing a lot of things, and we don't want to do it too soon, but it's -- you know, we're thinking that around Easter that's going to be your spike. That's going to be the highest point we think, and then it's going to start coming down from there.

That would be a day of celebration. And we just want to do it right. So we picked the end of April, the last day April 30th, as the day where we can see some real progress and we expect to see that. And then by a little short of June, maybe June 1st, we think the -- you know it's a terrible thing to say but we think the deaths will be at a very low number.

It will be brought down to a very low number from right now, from where it's getting to reach its peak.

Right.

Right.

Well I can. I think it's going to be a big help and we're very close, as you know. You probably listened because I talked about it yesterday where they're refining the final steps and having some tremendous success and they're also -- you know, we have a lot of things happening right now. As you know the hydroxychloroquine, which is a malaria drug and also an arthritis drug, but it's primarily a malaria drug, very powerful drug.

And we're going to -- we're going to know within days. We're testing that as an example, Brian, which is going to be very exciting if something positive comes of it. But that's being tested very strongly in New York. We have 1,100 people on that drug together with Z-Pak and the Z-Pak, you know what that is, and -- so I think we have a lot of interesting things happening.

The labs -- you see AVID came up with a test where you can literally, I mean it's -- in minutes you see whether or not you have the problem, and that's something that nobody thought could happen and they came out of -- it's a great, great company, great laboratories. And they came up with something that is -- nobody was even thinking about two weeks ago or five weeks ago, so that's going to make a big impact.

And yet, you know, we've tested more than any other country. We inherited a broken test --

-- the whole thing was broken. And we rebuilt it and, you know, this -- I wish it was done before and I'm not even blaming anybody. Nobody could have predicted something like this but we're now testing hundreds of thousands of people. We've tested more than anybody in the world by far. When you look at South Korea, we'll do more in eight days than they do in eight weeks.

And that's not a knock on them. Plus our test is a better test. It's a very sophisticated test. And we -- so we've tested more and that's why we have more cases because if you look at some of the countries with one and a half billion people, whether it's India, China, or others, I mean they have -- they have very big countries but we test more than anybody else so we will show -- we will find people that have it that don't even know they're sick in some cases.

So we have more cases than anybody, but we're doing really well and we also have a very low -- relative to other countries, very low mortality rate. And there are reasons for that.

Well he's 100 percent right because sometimes it's two or three days. Now it's getting down to a day. We think it would be less than that. But when this new test comes out we'll be able to give it, you know, as they sit we literally will be able to give -- we'll know exactly what's happening. And it's a very sophisticated result too.

It's not -- it could be even a step better than what we're having. And what we do -- that's a rough test. That's a pretty rough test. I took it and I will tell you there's nothing pleasant about it. But the new test is easier, simpler, and quick. You're going to know your answer right away. So that's what we're looking for.

That's coming out very soon. Like almost immediately.

This week. It could be this week.

Yes Brian.

Well, I agree. And nobody's more worried than me for the whole country. Look, a thing like this has never happened. So we have the best economy in the history of our country by far. We've had the best employment numbers we've ever had with African Americans, Asian Americans, with Hispanic Americans, everybody.

The best, you've heard it 100 times. We had the best we've ever had and then one day they said by the way there's a virus coming, and then everyone's saying, what's that all about? And in one day we had to shut it down. And by the way, I don't know if you saw yesterday but the question I've been asking, a lot of people have been asking, if we didn't shut it down because I used to say a lot of people said well, could you just have kept it going?

Like the flu, like a bad case of the flu, a really bad case. And the answer came in yesterday through Dr. Fauci and through Deborah Birx, the answer came in, if we did that, in other words if we just kept it business as usual, didn't do anything to stop it or impede it, could have been 2.2 million people could've died.

2.2 million people, would've been between 1.6 they say.

I mean they showed you the numbers, 1.6 and 2.2 million people. It could've been more than that. So, that's when you realize that what we did last week with the $2 trillion bill was very worth it. But if you got anywhere near a number like that -- now, we're trying to keep -- I say we want to do something where we have the least death and that's what we're doing.

And the people of this country have been incredible with social distancing and everything else they're doing. I mean they have been incredible. Some of them -- I'm getting letters from people that have found my family again. They were doing all sorts of things, and now they're with their family in the home, and they're not going out and a lot of things are happening.

They're ready. We're getting actually a lot of letters, we found our family again, we found what life should be. So, a lot of things are happening. But no, the people of our country have been incredible. This is in 151 countries as of this morning. I mean, who would think of that? 151 countries --

It's all over the world. And it's a very sad thing. It's a very vicious thing. But if we didn't do anything could've been 2.2 million people could've died. That's a lot.

Well, it's a sad thing. Look, she's a sick puppy in my opinion. She really is. She got a lot of problems. And that's a horrible thing to say, especially when I was the one -- and I've gotten from fair people a lot of accolades, and I don't want the accolades but it's just serves of a fact. When I stopped some very, very infected, very, very sick people, thousands coming in from China long earlier than anybody thought, including the experts.

Nobody thought we should do it except me. And I stopped everybody. We stopped it cold. It had never been done before the history of our country. And Dr. Fauci said the other day if those people came in, if they -- if I didn't do that, you would've had deaths like you --

-- had never seen before. And she doesn't mention that and that was early. Don't forget she was playing the impeachment game, her game where she ended up looking like a fool. She was doing nothing but -- all she did for the first long time was impeach, impeaches went on for years. I mean if you think about it, that's all she did.

She didn't do anything. She couldn't get bills passed. She's controlled by the radical left, by AOC plus three. And for her to make a statement like that, I saw that, I thought it was a disgrace, I think it's a disgrace to her country, her family. I think it shouldn't be. And I guess now when she says oh, I pray for the president, I pray for the president so much.

Well, I don't think that's true. What a statement to make. What a horrible statement to make.

Well, if you look, I mean, you know, the ships are us. When you say me, I'm talking about the Federal Government. The ships are us, they -- and you have one in Los Angeles too. And by the way, Gavin Newsom, the Governor -- Governor's been very nice, and we've had our disputes on the forest fires and the borders and a lot of other things, but Gavin Newsom has been fantastic in his praise for what we've all done.

Now, the Federal Government has done far more than if anybody else was president. I mean, if Sleepy Joe was president, he wouldn't even know what's going on. You know that. I mean, everybody knows that. We have taken this thing and done a hell of a job. And like in Ohio yesterday we got a sterilization for the masks machine approved.

It was stuck in FDA. I called up Dr. Hahn of FDA, who's a terrific guy, highly successful. He came here recently, we got it done in one night, we got approved. It sterilizes masks. I've always wondered, these very expensive masks, they just throw them away, and I said, why wouldn't they be sterilized. Well, they have equipment to make these masks -- they can sterilize them up to 20 times.

So, think of the savings, think of the and the immediacy of it. So, we've done a tremendous amount. We've done -- I cannot imagine any president being able to do more than we've done. And again, I started with empty shelves, because the supply line was not there, the supply line wasn't built, and what we've done with FEMA and what we've done with the Army Corp of Engineers and General Semonite and -- I mean to throw up a hospital, 2,900 beds in three days, and this is a sophisticated hospital.

This not like nothing, this is not a couple of tents. This is a, you know, an amazing thing. And we've been given a lot, but we've also -- then you hear Nancy Pelosi, who's, you know, somehow there's something wrong with the woman, because she knows what we've done. And then you look at San Francisco, how her -- how here area where she lives has become like a -- a slum.

It's a slum, and she should focus on that. Of course, she lives in a beautiful house over the ocean, but her area that she's in charge of has become from being one of the best in the whole country, it's become a slum and they don't do anything about it. They leave it there. In fact, the Federal Government -- we may get involved and take over that area and clean it up. And the homeless are -- are being -- I mean, everybody -- it's such a bad, such a mess, it's so bad, and yet she'll sit there and complain.

All she did was focus on impeachment. She didn't focus on anything having to do with pandemics, she didn't focus on -- she focused on impeachment and she lost. And she looked like a fool. And frankly it unified our party and, you know, I have to say this, it's never pleasant, but my poll numbers are the highest they've ever been because of her.

So, we'll see how it all turns out. But, she should -- she should never say a thing like she said.

Well no, I've been using it a lot to talk to people. They know I have it. It's great leverage, it's great -- you know, we don't want to be nationalizing our country, we don't want to be taking over. It's a terrible symbol to say -- and I tell you, I used it respect to General Motors and they've been great since then, they've been great.

You know, they were not doing what we though they should be doing and we were not getting along, and all of a sudden we got along great. I have two other companies that have became -- come great once I told them we're going to use it, and you know -- and they've been doing a great job. Now, we've -- we've been doing a great job.

You know, don't forget, a ventilator, that's like an automobile. That's very complicated machinery, it's very expensive, they can cost anywhere from $5,000 to $30,000, you know. You have very different machines. You have some extremely complicated and sophisticated, and you have others that are simpler. But you're talking about from $5,000 to $30,000. It's very expensive and very complex, and we delivered 4,000 ventilators to New York, to their warehouse, which happens to be located, which is interesting, in Edison, New Jersey.

It was signed off, they were delivered and they weren't used. And we said, a number of days later, why aren't you using these ventilators? I don't know what happened, but we delivered thousands of them and we've delivered them to a lot of people. There's a whole question about that, I think New York should be fine, based on the numbers that we see.

They should have more than enough. I mean, I'm -- I'm hearing stories that they're not used or they're not used right, but what we find anywhere from 2,000 to 4,000 that have been sent and aren't used, you know, we've done a job. Now, we're still getting more ventilators. We're going to have -- after this is over, we'll be selling -- they'll be selling ventilators for $1 piece.

We'll have a lot of them, but you know, they have to build them because for the most part the whole world is short on ventilators. And you know, I spoke to Boris Johnson, the Prime Minister of U.K., and he -- the first thing he said to me is we need ventilators. He was tested as positive, which is very bad, and he's a friend of mine.

He's a great guy, and I spoke to him to call him to say hello, and he said, Donald, we need ventilators. That's the U.K. Italy needs ventilators. Spain need ventilators, and they're being hit really hard those two countries, but they need ventilators. And we're making a lot of ventilators now, but they're being made and eventually it'll, you know, be -- they'll be a dime a dozen, but right now, you know, New York had a chance to get 16,000 ventilators a few years ago and they turned it down.

They should be getting it. You know, the states should be getting it. We should be a backup, and we've become not a backup, the opposite. The other thing --

-- we're doing is we're sending things directly. We're not sending it to our big storage areas and then picking up from there. I'm saying go directly. Send it directly where they need it. Don't bring it into our factories, our plants. Bring it in directly into the sites, the hospital, or wherever it's going, and that's for ventilators and other things.

Number one, you don't know what they're doing, and when you read it in "The Washington Post," you don't believe it. I don't. I believe very little what I see. I see stories in "The Washington Post" that are so fake --

-- and they're so phony. I have stories that are such fake stuff, and that's number one.

-- so I'd have to --

They do it and we do it and we call them different things. And you know, I make statements that are very strong against China, including the Chinese virus, which has been going on for a long time. I mean, I wouldn't say they were thrilled with that statement. Where they said our soldiers did it, they said our soldiers did it. I said, you mean the Chinese virus?

And all of a sudden they call and they say --

-- let's talk -- let's talk nicely. Yes, sure. That's -- hey, every country does it, but they build it up and to some -- we handle that and they probably handle it, but countries do that, and -- but when I read things in the Washington Post, I mean, I can tell you stories that they write that are just the opposite.

They will do anything they can to hurt this presidency, and yet here we are with the best numbers we've ever had. I don't even understand it when you can get such fake news from so many -- "The New York Times" is a totally dishonest paper. They're dishonest people. "The Washington Post," same thing. I'm trying to figure out for three and a half years who is more dishonest?

Who is more corrupt? "The Washington Post" or "The New York Times"? When I figure it out, I'll let you know. We'll have a special.

Well, I'll use my head and I'll make a decision, but I'm going to rely on experts. I do that. You know, that's what they do. They've been doing it -- Anthony and Deborah have been doing this for many years, and I'm going to rely on them, but I think, hey, the worst thing we can do is declare victory. We've seen this.

Declare victory and then not have victory and then have to do it all over again. We have to get this thing gone, this virus. We have to beat it. We're at war. This is a war. I say it all the time, the invisible enemy, which is true. We are in war with a horrible scourge, a horrible thing, and we're going to win it. And we're getting close to winning it. We're getting close.

The people of this country have been incredible. Now, New York has a big thing going. They're a hot spot. Louisiana, which was really not touched until recently, and then all of a sudden it blew up and that's a hot spot, and we have some hot spots. Parts of New Jersey. I've been dealing with Governor Murphy and he's terrific.

I mean he's -- we really have a very good relationship. He's a Democrat. I'm a Republican. I mean I get along with many of them and -- because I'm doing a good job. They wouldn't be getting along with me if I wasn't producing. We're building hospitals for people, for governors all over the country. Look you just mentioned -- you just mentioned California.

You know we have a ship moving there too. We just -- in fact, it's already opened. And you have a great scene today. You'll have the beautiful ship coming up, the Comfort, coming up from Virginia three and a half weeks early. It was going to be up there in four weeks and it's now -- it's coming up today and I imagine the governor will greet it but that's all done by us. That's done by the Federal.

It's fully stocked. It's got great doctors and nurses and everything on it. I mean it's a beautiful sight. I was there when they sent it out. But they sent it out three and half, four weeks early.

Well one of the reasons his numbers are high on handling it is because of the Federal Government. Because we give them ships and we give them ventilators and we give them all of the things that we're giving them, Steve, and we're giving them a -- we're giving them four hospitals and four medical centers and all of the things that we've done.

So I mean one of the things -- and I think he'd admit this, one of the reasons he's been successful -- if I said no we're not giving you four hospitals and we're not giving you four medical centers and we're not sending you a ship, then he's got a hold -- and we didn't give them thousands of ventilators by the way and millions of masks -- because we've sent them a lot of stuff.

Well one of the reasons he's successful is because we've helped make him successful. Now if he's going to run, that's fine. I wouldn't mind running against Andrew. I understand -- I know Andrew for a long time. I wouldn't mind that. But I'll be honest, I think it'd be a better candidate than Sleepy Joe. I wouldn't mind running against Andrew.

I don't mind running against Joe Biden. I watch these critiques of me and they're highly sophisticated critiques, I said, you know, where they're written out Joe Biden has said and then they put this very highly sophisticated statement out. I said Joe Biden didn't write that statement and Joe Biden doesn't even -- I guarantee you he didn't even see that statement.

So no. I think probably Andrew would be better. I'm telling you right now. You know, I want somebody at this country that's going to do a great job and I hope I'm going to win and the polls say I'm going to win. Now it's every poll says I'm going to win because, you know, you say he's gotten good marks but I've gotten great marks on what we've done with respect to this.

I've gotten great marks. And even from almost every Democrat governor, so I've gotten great marks also. But we want to always make sure that we have a great president. That we have somebody that's capable. I personally don't think Joe Biden's --

-- capable. We'll see what happens. You know I wish him luck.

I agree with you.

Yes, I agree with you Brian.

No, I know.

Because this is the Democrats, that's the way they play. So just so you understand -- you do understand, all of you. But your audience maybe most of them understand it too I suspect. We need their votes. We have to get their votes. They have the House. If we don't get their votes we can't do it. So they have the House, so they come into us at the last minute -- Pelosi, we actually had a deal done with Schumer and everybody and it was, you know, really a much better -- visually a much better deal.

Look, the big picture is we have $2.2 trillion and it can go up further because we're going to help Boeing and we're going to help the airlines and we're going to help a lot of great companies and everything stay. Because you know companies that were in great shape three weeks ago all of the sudden are struggling for survival.

These are companies that never thought about survival. What happened is the Democrats come to us with Pelosi and her group, her super radical left group, they come to us and they want all sorts of things. We want to change the voting laws, we want to change this, we want windmills all over the place to ruin everybody's house and farm.

We want to do all sorts of things. And radical left, we want the Green New Deal. They wanted the Green New Deal. They didn't even know how to define it. I said how do you define the Green New Deal? They had no idea how to define it. I said which aspect do you want? No more cows? What do you want? No more airplanes?

No more flying? You shouldn't be approving because we're going to save the airlines. So, we're going to save the airline in this bill but you want the Green New Deal which says you can't fly anymore. One car to a house and it has to be electric. I mean, these people wanted everything. They wanted things that were so ridiculous and had nothing to do with putting people that just essentially lost their jobs putting them back to work.

So it's a disgrace. Now, if we don't approve it then you don't get your deal and we walked in, we did everything you have to do and we cut them down. By the way, if you would've seen this a week before we signed it, you wouldn't have believed it. And that's why it took an extra week. We wasted a whole week and they have something I'll tell you right now on the unemployment insurance where they wanted it delivered a certain way.

And I said you'll never get it that way because the machines, it goes to the states and then the states with 40 year old equipment are supposed to send it to people. I said it's going to be very, very hard for many of the states to send this money because they're getting hit with too much money, they don't have the equipment, the computers to take care of it -- many of them, not all of them.

But they wanted it sent this way and I said to the people they're doing a bad thing. But when you start reading about it in a week and the people didn't get their money you're going to see that it was the Democrats that did it. I mean at least I have to say it before the fact because it'll blow up because I'm right on things.

That's what I do. So, but we needed their votes, Brian. If we didn't have their votes we wouldn't have a deal. We had to take care of people.

Otherwise we would've had a tremendous problem.

Well, when the Democrats do their thing and when they go out and they do things then the Republicans do things. And we had a beautiful -- it was beautiful and then she got involved and she wanted all this nonsense and much of it was nonsense. And some of it's OK, but it doesn't pertain to people that lost their job and all we do is complicate a bill.

And -- but money distribution was such a big factor. And she's just -- they're just doing it the wrong way. It's too -- it's complicated -- it's a complicated way of screwing it up and that's what they wanted and that's what they always want. They like to see things a mess. And they're a mess. Hey, look, what's going to happen I think the Republicans are going to take back the House.

When we take back the House keep the Senate and keep the presidency, you'll see things much different. This will never happen. But in the meantime, they have a majority by a number of votes in the House. And the one thing with the Democrats, frankly I think they're lousy politicians because their policies are no good.

They want open borders, they want sanctuary cities, they wanted to fund sanctuary cities in this bill. They wanted me to guarantee that we were going to fund sanctuary cities in this bill. We got it out. I mean there were so many things but they want all of these -- the open border policy, now people don't even fight me on it, I've been fighting -- we're up to 161 miles of wall.

And we'll have 500 miles pretty soon toward the end of the year, toward the end of year we'll have -- we're getting close to 500 miles of border. It's going to be -- what a different -- and by the way, the numbers are way down on the border. What a difference the wall makes. A year out of 161, nobody comes through that area.

They can still walk around, it's a long walk but nobody comes through the area where we have the wall. It's been -- it's going to be a great blessing once it's up and it's going to be -- it's going to be sometime next year. We'll have over 500 miles of wall. It's been an incredible thing. That was not easy to get.

And now they don't fight me on the wall anymore because they know it's a bad subject for them politically. It's a very bad subject. And especially since this happened we now have a strong border. And it's very good. So, we needed their vote so they had to agree to things that I hated to agree to them but we would've never had the deal.

We took a lot of them out.

So, we're going to be hopefully before we close things, we're going to start to open things. We think we're going to be opening things very soon. Airports when you close them and reopen them, it's a tremendous deal. It's a tremendous deal. In addition, you need them for emergency. You have emergency flights.

I know there was a -- there was a situation where people were flying down to Florida. And you know, you're not -- we're not putting quarantine. We're thought about quarantine. People recommended quarantine a week ago, and we studied it, and I decided not to do it. You know, you can't -- we think it's fine.

And there's tremendous testing going on also for people going down. They have -- sometimes there's testing on both ends, but closing it up and reopening them is never easy. You know, it's never very easy, Ainsley.

So we are looking at that, and we're looking at that as either an amendment or something but, you know, these are incredible people. I see it just watching. I see it all the time where these people are walking into wards with so many people that are so sick, and you know, it's like -- and the percentage of them having a problem is relatively high.

Even when they have the equipment, they have the good equipment because they're getting more and more of the good equipment, but these are really brave people. Actually, they're warriors in their true sense, so we are looking at different ways of doing it primarily through the hospitals because we're funding hospitals, and these are generally hospitals that she's talking about.

So we are doing it through funding -- through the funding of hospitals. We are asking the hospitals to do it and consider something, including bonuses, and I think they're entitled to it. If anybody's entitled to it, they are.

Yes.

I agree.

Well, not expand. It's just the common facts. I mean, they have a majority in the House, and therefore you need their vote, and they want to get certain things. I will tell you this. If you look at before and after, the things they had in there were crazy. They had things -- levels of voting that if you ever agreed to it you'd never have a Republican elected in this country again.

They had things in there about election days and what you do and all sorts of claw backs. And they had things that were just totally crazy and had nothing to do with workers that lost their jobs which -- and companies that we have to save. So look, we got -- it's an amazing bill because it gives us great flexibility on saving the workers and saving the companies, and that includes small businesses.

You know, massive amounts of money are going to be put into small business, and it's going to help. Look, we want to keep the businesses open. We want to keep the jobs going, but if you would have looked at this bill before and after you would have seen a tremendous -- we thought we were going to walk away from it. We actually thought we'd --

-- have to walk away. We did walk away a couple of times actually, but we thought we were literally going to have to walk away and start all over again they had so much junk in there and it was junk. Much of it was junk.

Well, they can do that, and some people are doing it. You know, a lot of people don't want to do that. It's a very unpleasant thing walking around with a mask all day. I think truck drivers, it depends. If they're in the cab by themselves, they should be in great shape. You know, a truck driver if he's in the cab, you got a lot of safety up there.

So I don't know when he says people are going into cab, but I'm not exactly sure what kind of a truck that is, but I know a lot about trucks.

Well, you're right because Russia and Saudi Arabia fighting and they've driven down the price of oil. And I never thought I'd be saying that maybe we have to have an oil increase because we do. The price is so low now they're fighting like crazy over distribution and over how many barrels to let go. And by the way, right after this call, I'm speaking to a gentleman named Vladimir Putin, that's my next call.

And, in fact, he'll be -- he'll be on the phone very shortly and I'm talking to him about that among other things. Because, you know, getting along with Russia is a good thing. I used to say, during the campaign, and then these lousy politicians, they said -- you know, are saying Russia, Russia, Russia, well we have problems with other countries more than Russia, frankly.

We have problems with -- and potential problems with other countries too. So, no, I'm speaking to a him in a little while, we're going to discuss that. That will be one of the subjects we're going to be talking about is energy, and, you know, we don't want to have an industry that's wiped out. And, by the way, bad for them and bad for -- bad for everybody.

I don't -- this is a fight between Saudi Arabia and Russia, having to do with how many barrels to let out, and they both went crazy, they both went crazy.

And there are a lot of ships that are doing a lot of business right now.

They're storing it in ships all over the ocean.

Yes?

Well, I'm going to talk to him about that, and we're going to talk to him about -- we talk about trade, and we talk about trade a lot. They would love to be able to do trade with our country. You know, it's been very much hindered by the nonsense that's been going on, Russia, Russia, Russia, which has turned out to be a total hoax, when you look at what happened with Comey and McCabe, and you look at all of the things that happened with Mueller and the Mueller Report, the whole thing turned out to be a hoax.

And it really stops us from getting along with other countries. You know, it's an important country and we should get along with -- we should get along with all countries, if possible. And, by the way, we have the strongest military because of what I've done over the last three years, we have the strongest military in the world.

Nobody even comes close. But, we should get along with -- because ideally we don't have to use it. We should be able to get along with countries. There's a lot of things that Russia's involved with, that China's involved with, and nobody talks to these people. I spoke to President Xi the other night, two nights ago, we had a great conversation.

Having to do mostly, in that case, with what we're doing with the virus. And I'll be -- I'll be speaking -- because Russia's got a big problem with that too, with the virus, so we'll be talking about that. But, literally, that's my next call.

I'm the one that put the sanctions on, Brian, nobody else. I put the sanctions on.

I'm the one. I've been tougher on Russia than any president in the history of the country, I put the sanctions on. And they have a lot, yes, he'll probably ask that. In the meantime, he's been asking that for two years. So, you know, that's what I do, but I was one that sanctioned him. He's -- they're very heavily sanctioned, they don't like that.

And frankly, we should be able to get along, but when you say about by lifting sanctions, you make it sound like gee whiz, I'm the soft guy that came along. Russia got away with murder, everybody got away with murder against us. China took $500 billion out of our hides for years under Obama and Bush, for years, $500 billion.

Now they're paying us billions of dollars, I tariff them. Nobody thought that was even doable. They're paying us hundreds of billions of dollars. So, you know, I know more about sanctions because I'm the one that put them on Russia. And nobody's exposed as an example --

-- the pipeline, the Russian pipeline.

Nobody -- you never even heard of the Russian pipeline until I came along.

And I'm saying, how about this --

-- yes, but I mean, I -- that was all me. That was nobody else.

I understand. And I'm not saying they're babies. I'm not saying they're perfect. We might discuss that too, by the way. I'm not saying they're perfect. But, you know, they also fought World War II, they lost 50 million people. They were our partner in World War II. Germany was the enemy and Germany's like this wonderful thing.

Well, Germany takes advantage of us on trade for years. They pay far too little in NATO, they're paying one percent and they're supposed to pay 2 percent. And nobody talks about that. You know, it's sort of interesting, if you look at Russia, Russia lost 50 million people in World War II, 50 million. They were fighting along with us, they were our partner, and now we don't talk to Russia, we talk to Germany --

We talk to Germany. I mean, look. It's fine. I want to talk to Germany. My father was born -- you know, Germany it's in my heritage. It might be in your heritage. I'm not saying anything wrong. I'm just saying how come we talk to some people, we don't talk to others? Where does it go? So -- and it is true as you look -- take a look at World War II. Take a look at the staggering losses that they -- and they were fighting with us. We were partners --

-- in World War II.

Yes.

Yes.

Well first of all, we're going to have a vaccine I think within a little bit less than a year and a half.

We're doing really very good with the vaccines, but that's not for right now. In the meantime, you have people -- and I have friends in the hospital. I have one of them who's -- he's got two problems. He's heavy and he's not so young. OK, he's not exactly a youngster, and he's in a coma. He's in a coma. And so, you know, this is tough stuff.

So with the hydroxychloroquine is something that I have been pushing very hard. I got the very early approval from the FDA. It was going to take a long time, and Dr. Stephen Hahn, the Head of the FDA, gave us an early approval, a very quick approval, a 24-hour approval. I mean, it was incredible because the drug has been used and the other with the Z-Pak, azithromycin.

It's called Z-Pak, azithromycin, and the combination. And I think it might be successful. Now, here's the only problem. I'll know -- I think we're going to have a good idea over the next three days because it's been used now in New York at my request 1,100 people. It's been used -- I think that's better than testing in a laboratory, but you know, the doctors tell me no. Some doctors tell me no, but whatever it is, it is. And I got it done because I said, look, some of these people are very sick and they're not going to make it. Let's do it. Let's get it done.

It's like Right to Try. I got that approved where people are now that was trying to get approved for 50 years. They couldn't. I got it done where people that are terminally ill weren't allowed to use potentially good drugs because they weren't approved, so I can -- I now have it where they can use them. And by the way, the results have been unbelievable.

They travelled to Asia. They've travelled to Europe to get drugs, and you know, we gave them hope but it's more than hope because these drugs are -- in many cases they've been working and saving lives. It's been a great thing. It's called Right to Try. Well, this is sort of that. Somebody's really sick or dying, and we try this and I can tell you it's a big sample.

1,100 people, and let's see what happens. We're going to start knowing about this stuff in a very, very near future, very near.

Well, I think it's going to be a month of achievement. I think it's going to be a month where all of the hard work that they've done -- because that's hard work, although some people would view it as they really have learned a lot about themselves and their families, but it's hard work to stay in place, to distance yourself.

Nobody's ever heard it. Washing hands a lot is good. I've always washed my hands a lot, but people -- some people probably didn't, but washing hands is good. I think a lot of this stuff, by the way, is going to stay with us for the future. Dr. Fauci told me that if people kept this going the flu would be much less severe if people would practice the same kind of thing, you know, between the distancing and the washing hands.

And you know, another one is not shaking hands. I was never a big lover of that. Once I became a politician, you either embrace it or you can get out of politics very quickly because you're not going to do very well. But you know, it's possible that a custom like that like in Japan, what they do is they nod their head.

They do a little bit of that stuff, but they don't shake hands. And you know, it's they were a little ahead of their times. So let's see whether or not that sticks after this is gone. But the big thing is it will be gone. It will be gone, it will be gone hopefully sooner rather than later. And hopefully we will keep the deaths down to the absolute minimum number.

There's tremendous death, but we'll keep them down to the minimum number. If we didn't do well the numbers would be many times what they would be the way we're doing it. So that's -- that's the big thing. I just hope we're going to have a tremendous success.

Yes.

Well Barron's not so unhappy. OK? He's not so unhappy. They said you can't go to school and -- I wouldn't say he's the -- I wouldn't say he sat up and complained about it. But you know we're working with the school, and the school gives lessons through the computers and through every other means they have.

They have a lot of different means and all of those kids, where Barron goes, they're learning -- that's another thing. I think education is -- I think it goes back. I think it -- what can be better than being in a school? But education's even changing when you see meetings are changing, all the teleconferencing.

I've done a lot of -- I did a G20 and G7 by teleconference. Meetings that we would have met the leaders of countries and I did it by teleconference. So it's been -- it's been a great experience and the problem is -- the result is -- and the thing that we just have to cherish is life. You look at what's going on, it's been just so horrible.

It's been so horrible to see it. I've never seen -- you know I grew up near Elmhurst and I look at Elmhurst Hospital in Queens and I've known it. You know I could tell you all about it. I could tell you what it looks like, what color it is. And Elmhurst Hospital in Queens is like a -- literally a big source.

It's terrible what's going on. It's body bags all over, they're bringing in refrigerator trucks to put the bodies in, refrigerated trucks, big vans, like big trucks are coming in. No, it's a very -- it's a very sad thing. But we're going to beat it and we're getting much closer than further and everybody's done an incredible job and we're going to have a victory.

And do you have -- don't forget, we have 151 countries out there that are going through the same thing. But they don't have -- in many cases, they don't have money and they don't have things that we have. We had the greatest economy in history and all of the sudden one day they said everybody has to stop, nobody can go to work, we have to stop.

And we think of this -- we're paying people not to go to work. It was always the opposite. We paid people to work. Now we're paying people not to go to work --

-- and with that, I have to go to work too.

I have to go to work.

Make these phone calls.

Well I would love that. I would love to say how the Evangelical community, the Christian community and really communities of faith, for the most part, have really been on my side. You saw that in the last election and I think you'll see it even more so in this election. But when people say that to me it's always a great honor Ainsley.

I know how you feel and it's always a great honor and I really do appreciate it.

Thank you very much, Ainsley. And thank you, Steve and Brian --

-- I appreciate it. It's great being with you always. It's like -- it's like the old times but this is a serious deal and we'll get it taken care of. We will -- we will win and it will be fairly soon.

Thank you all. Thank you.