Well, thank you very much. Thank you, Eric.

Well, that's not fair. Plus, they changed the topics, which isn't fair. Just happened. Plus, Kristen Welker, obviously, is a heavily biased person, with her parents being fundraisers and having supported the D -- Democrats. And she's a, uh, Democrat, I know her well. Uh, so, you know, it's just one of those things.

But if you look at, uh, the last, uh, person had to leave in disgrace because it turned out that he was obviously very biased. And, uh, I wouldn't say that Chris Wallace did himself proud.

No. It's called my life!

Well, a lot of people liked it. He was lying, he was, you know, going point after point and, uh, they weren't truthful points so I, uh, let him know that. I thought it was good, I think a lot of people agreed with that and some people probably didn't. Some people think let him talk because he loses his train, he just loses it, and he doesn't speak, the train of thought.

But, uh, we'll see what happens. I mean, you really have to be there. You know, I've done a lot of debating in the last four years, as you know, and it's worked out well. Or I guess we're not here, come to think of it, no. It's called the White House, right? But the fact is that, uh, you see, I find you always have to just wait, it's, uh, you have a strategy, but all of a sudden you change your strategy, we'll see what it is.

Whatever it is, it is.

Right.

Well, I'm going to Erie, Pennsylvania in a little while, right after this interview. We have thousands and thousands of people, they've been there for two days, already waiting. We had, we just got back from Arizona, and many other places. And we're having tens of thousands of people go to each one, and, uh, the spirit's been incredible.

He's taken a different thing, and I think he doesn't want to be asked about his family, because it's corrupt. What they've done is corrupt. And nobody's ever seen anything like it, when you look at the laptop, we call it the laptop from hell, and when you look at what, uh, what they've done, and, as a family where the son follows the father into these countries and they walk away with tens of millions of dollars, hundreds of millions of dollars.

It's ridiculous. And then the press doesn't want to cover it. And Big Tech doesn't want to cover it.

Well, they've got one letter, that he gets 10%. They have another one, I think it said 50%. But that he gets 10%. You s -- did you see that?

Okay, I mean.

For the big man, or the big guy. He's the big guy. Ah, no, it's, ah, it's terrible. It's terrible. Look, in Moscow, three and a half million dollars from the mayor of Moscow's wife. Uh, hundreds of thousands of dollars a month to sit on a board in Ukraine about energy, and he knows nothing about energy.

And admits he knows nothing about energy. And many other things. No, it's -- it's a corrupt enterprise, there's no question about it.

Yeah!

Oh, 100%. And frankly, uh, that's turning out to be as big a story as the corruption itself. They are trying to protect him because that's the way it is with the Democrats. It's a part of the Democrat Party, I guess. But they're trying to protect Biden from this corruption where they got caught. And that's turning out to be just as big a story.

Of course. I mean, it's at a level that nobody thought possible.

Yeah, 100%.

It's Section 230.

Well, we're gonna see what happens, they have to make a ruling. But, uh, nobody ever thought this Section 230 was gonna be devised for purposes like this, and what they're doing. Nobody's ever seen, nobody has ever seen anything like this, Eric. And you know it better than anybody. Nobody has ever seen anything like this.

Well, you know, I have a voice that seems to be a pretty big voice, and we're here. This is where we are. And they fought me the last time, but they're fighting dirtier, now, and harder. And they've gotten bigger, as companies. And, the Democrats and their relationship to the media, now, has been totally exposed, and dirty, very dirty.

So, uh, but, you know --

-- I won last time. Well, they work together. They work together, uh, like nobody would ever believe. And, the last time they did, and we won, and I think we're gonna win again. We have more spirit now, and you see that, than we ever had four years ago. And four years ago, I think we set records on enthusiasm.

And they measure enthusiasm, and we have more enthusiasm now than we did four years ago, by a lot. The crowds are bigger, the rallies are bigger, the, it's, people are angry and happy at the same time, it's very interesting. They're angry at what they see going on, they spied on my campaign. We caught them.

They we -- did more than spy on the campaign. They tried to take down a duly elected President of the United States, and, uh, the whole thing is incredible. Not even believable, but we caught them, and now we're finding out this whole Biden thing with all the corruption. And at least I have a voice where I can talk to you, I can talk to other people and get the voice out.

But, uh, no, what, what the media has done, mainstream lame stream, I call it "lame stream media," what they've done is incredible, and now big tech, on top of it. So, uh, but look, I'm here, I'm cutting taxes, they're raising taxes, for a reason that's bad. You look at all of the things, Second Amendment, we're protecting the Second Amendment --

-- they're gonna get rid of the Second Amendment.

I think so, yeah. I think so. I think a lot more.

I don't want to talk about it, but I think a lot more. I think you'll see a lot more. Again, I'm not in charge of that, but I think you're gonna see a lot more.

I, I get along with him fine, but he's made mistakes. And, uh, you know, when he said he, he really is, uh, stopped from going on television, then you see him do 60 Minutes, not one of the greatest shows in the world, and he's not. And, but when you see it, he said, "No masks. Don't wear masks." And then he said, "Wear masks." And, uh, he didn't want me to stop people from coming in from China, and then he admitted it was a great move that I made, against him.

You know, I overrode him. But with all of that, I get along with him, and I, I like him, he's, uh, Tony --

-- he's a nice guy.

Yeah, look, he's, he's made bad moves, but, uh, he's been there a long time.

Not much. Look, it's all over the world. You have a lot of great leaders, they're a lot of smart people. It's all over the world. It came out of China, and China should have stopped it. They stopped it from spreading into other parts of China after Wuhan. But China should have stopped it. No, not much. I, I did it very early.

You know, Biden was criticizing me when, he, he said I was xenophobic when I turned off, when I stopped, when I put the ban on China. And he said I was xenophobic, think of that. And, Pelosi did, too. She said, "Oh, it's terrible, it's ridiculous." I was months early. Now, they come back and say, "Oh, I should have done it sooner." You couldn't have done it sooner.

I did it at a very early point.

Yeah.

I have no problem with it. I have no problem with the mask, and frankly, some people don't like it. Some people don't like it scientifically. I mean, you know, you have a lot of different views in the mix. Look at Fauci where he originally said, "Don't wear a mask." And then he comes out and he says, "Wear it," that's okay.

Yeah, yeah.

Well, I have done that.

I said, "Wear a mask," um, and socially distance, and all of those things. And people are gonna do what they wanna do. You know, when you see my rallies, a lot of those people are actually wearing masks. And they're outdoor rallies. Which is very important. No, to me it's not a big issue. To me it's an issue, I say wear it.

It's okay.

I have no problem with it.

Well, you know, I'm, we're gonna do plenty with China, but we're not, uh -- What they did to us is a disgrace. It's a disgrace.

Well, I'm not gonna talk to you about that, Eric. I mean, you know, give me a break. But, uh, we're gonna do plenty with respect to China. And, uh, what they did to this country, to this world, everything, you're sitting there with that mask because of China, okay? And, uh, it's disgraceful. It's a total disgrace. But you'll find out.

Okay, well Biden can handle it any way he wants, Biden's bought off by China. Biden took out a billion and a half dollars for his son to manage and make millions of dollars a year. Biden is weak on China, Biden's been weak on China from day one. Biden let China get away with murder. Biden let China wa -- steal us and rob us blind.

I've taken out billions and billions of dollars from China with the tariffs and everything else we've done. And we were doing great and then we got hit by the pandemic. By the vir -- as they call it, "The plague." The plague that came out of China. So, well you'll find out.

Well, I watch polls, but the polls are fake, just like the reporting. Uh, I think we're winning, I think we're winning big, I think we're winning in Florida, I think we're winning in North Carolina, in Arizona, and I think we're winning in Nevada. We've got a governor out there that I don't trust, but that's all right.

I think that all of these ballots that they're sending, these millions of ballots are very dangerous. Uh, supreme court made an unbelievable decision yesterday, when he allowed one of the states, or they allowed one of the states to go --

Beyond the time --

It's the craziest thing anybody's ever heard, because that could delay the results of the election. Based on one state. It's uh, a just a crazy decision but that's what we have to deal with.

Very important.

And I'm doing very well there, we're very well in Pennsylvania. But you would think you'd wanna have the votes counted, tabulated, finished by the evening of November 3rd. Not long after that, it could be long after that. What a decision by the supreme court.

Possibly a lot longer than that.

How do you do?

Right.

Yeah, I mean, it's a very fair question, but we can't just say, you know, forgetting about criminal justice reform, I got criminal justice reform done, prison reform done, opportunity zones, TJ, is another one that we're you know, very important, opportunity zones, but the thing that uh, when you ask a question like that, there's so -- if you just look at where the problem is, democrat run cities, states, but democrat run.

You say Baltimore, democrat run, exclusively. It has been for 100 years. And they've let you down, they've let everybody down, they've let our country down. Uh, you go to other areas where you have very similar problems to Baltimore, democrat run, in every instance, every instance. Uh, now they have no cash bail.

They have all sorts of things that nobody would even think of and they allow, they've allowed it to get out of control. This is not taking place in republican areas. It's just not and that's the problem. We need our police to be great, and they are great. And we've had endorsements from almost everybody.

Uh, and uh, they have to be allowed to do their job. And if there's bad ones, we'll weed them out. You know, we'll weed them out. But for the most part, like, a tremendously high number they've done their job. But with stronger policing in Baltimore perhaps you wouldn't have had those too tragic events.

So I fully understand, but these are democrat run cities.

Yeah.

Well, look that's up to them. They, they, Biden has done very little and he's done very little for the African-American community. And if you look at what they've done over the years, very, very little. Nothing. 1994 was a disaster what he did. Okay? For the black community. And frankly for the Hispanic community.

And I think that's being reflected in the polls, and you're seeing what's happening people now understand it.

Yeah, but we're doing not badly and frankly we should be -- we should get 100%. And I'd say this, I say it loudly and clearly, no president has done what I've done in the most positive sense for the African American community other than Abraham Lincoln, and it's true. When you think of criminal justice reform and prison reform and what I've done for the historically Black colleges and universities and opportunity zones, nobody's done a -- these things.

And people maybe don't like to talk about it, but nobody's done what I've done, except -- with the exception, I say, of Abraham Lincoln, and nobody even calls me out on that because they know it's true. We should get tremendous votes from the African American community. And we're doing better than a Republican would do, but we should do way better than -- you know, it's almost like habit.

You vote for a Democrat out of habit, but look what they've done. Look what they've done. We're just talking about Baltimore. Look at what a disaster Baltimore is. Look at what a disaster so many of these Democrat cities are -- so -- but that's what it is

Hi.

I -- I may need a little time for that.

I may have to think about it. Well, I'll tell you one thing, they stick together. I disagree with their politics. Uh, I think it's, uh, I think some of the things they do are horrible, whether it's, uh, their views on crime, law and order, their, uh, sanctuary cities, no borders, they don't want borders.

They wanna raise your taxes, they wanna quadruple your taxes, actually. Think of it. They wanna quadruple your taxes, they wanna get rid of your guns, second amendment. I think their politics are horrible, but they always stick together. You don't have freelancers like you do in the Republican party. We have freelancers.

And the freelancers hurt our party very badly. But the one thing I say ab -- and I say it to you, I've said that to you before, they do stick together.

Right.

I remember.

I remember.

Well, charter schools are very important. School choice is very important. It's a great question. And it really is, it's the civil rights issue of our time, and the Democrats are locked in to the public school system and, you know, you know the reason. It's obvious the reason, but they're locked in, and they're never gonna cha -- they want charter schools out.

They don't want school choice. And right there, that -- that alone is reasons for them to lose this election.

But good job, you're doing. I remember you

Yeah.

Well, there's a reason why suburban moms -- I mean, I think we're doing very well with that, but something very important is I ended the regulation that would've allowed projects, low income housing, and a lot of problems into suburbia, and I ended it. And if Biden got in, they would take that regulation and quadruple it, just like they're gonna quadruple taxes, and destroy suburbia.

So, I think we're gonna do very well --

I'm protecting people in suburbia --

-- and I'm also protecting them, but I'm pr -- I'm protecting the suburban mom and dad, and I'm protecting them very strongly. This is a regulation that you know all about that was a disaster. I've terminated it.

Well, Brett is a great guy, okay? I know him. You know him. And, uh, a champion, a winner. I -- I think the NBA and, I mean, NBA ratings were down 70%, more than that, for their finale, for their big, you know, deal, and the NFL is way down. People don't wanna see, uh, all of the politics. They've got into politics with me and with everybody else.

And then I wanna see it with football and sports on Sunday or whenever they happen to be watching, I think it's had a huge impact on sports, a huge negative impact on sports. And I think what the, uh, football ought to get back to football and basketball to basketball and let politics remain separate. And if people wanna protest, they can.

But they shouldn't be protesting on the sidelines during a football game, especially when they're making $10 million a year for something that they'd be doing anyway for free if they weren't in the league or the NFL or in the NBA. But the NBA in particular, I mean, their ratings have gone down. I've never seen anything like it.

But the NFL too. People don't wanna see it, and they want to have these players stand and salute, or put their hand over their heart, or at least stand for the national anthem and salute. They want to -- they want to respect the American flag. They want respect for our country. They want respect for the American flag.

Well, they're gonna have to start respecting our country. It's very simple. And you start by respecting our flag. And a lot of people agree with me on that. Thank you.

Right.

Good. I could see that. Central casting, actually. . Uh, look, uh, our police officers have to be -- have to be allowed to do their job. They have to be not concerned with if they speak to somebody a little bit incorrectly they're gonna lose their pension, lose their family, lose everything. I mean, they're afraid to do anything nowadays.

They have to be allowed to do their job, and we have to respect our police officers. It's a tough job, and it's a very dangerous job, more dangerous than ever. They have to be allowed to do their job.

Yeah, I know. Well, Seattle in particular, what they've --

Uh, we can give them support morally, financially. We can help them with things. We can do a lot. But when you see the two police officers shot in a car a week ago, two weeks ago, when you see the kind of things happening, and -- If people aren't gonna be respecting our police, our police are being put at a tremendous disadvantage because of our politicians.

Our politicians are hurting our police, and we can't let that happen. You know, I've gotten the endorsement in this run for -- by almost every police department, by every law enforcement group. Even New York City's finest, which has really been stifled, because they're afraid to do anything. You can't do anything.

They'll end up losing everything they have. And I've gotten tremendous endorsements. Chicago, Florida, Texas. Every -- every -- I would say almost all of them, because I have respect for the police. We have to respect our police. Without our police, we would be living in a whole different world.

I mean, that's always the question you get asked. Is there -- And I guess there probably is, and that's very sad, there is, and I think there's not much -- or hopefully there's not much. But don't forget a lot of our police departments are made up of Hispanic-Americans, African-Americans, Asian-Americans.

I mean, really it's not like it was 20, 25 years ago, I guess. But I guess there always is, and it's a shame. It's a shame. But we have to respect our police, and we have to let them do their job.

Hi -- hi, Lynn.

So we're looking at it very strongly. I will say this, you know, when Barron Trump had it, he's a young man, and it was gone before -- practically before they even told us he had it. Uh, young people do very well. 99.9%, uh, are primary -- And -- and the educators, that's a little bit different. They're older, and you know, in the cases where they are older, but I will say we really have to take care of our seniors, because this is a disease -- We've learned a lot.

This is a disease that really is effecting the seniors with us in a w -- especially where there's a heart problem, a diabetes problem. That's got to be the focus. But yeah, at a certain -- Lynn, at a certain age level, absolutely, I agree 100%. But you see the kind of numbers for young people. Under 20, under 25, it's like, not bad.

Thank you.

I feel great. I feel really good. I -- I had it, and recovered quickly. I feel good. Really good.

She had it. She's doing very well. I mean, she had -- she had it, and she -- she -- I would say very well, and Barron, a -- again, I say it was -- he's got it. How's he doing? He doesn't have it anymore. You know? They have a strong immune system. Stronger than us, I guess. Pretty -- pretty good.

Thank you.

Yeah.

Right.

True.

Okay, so I have tremendous Hispanic support, as you know.

We've been working with Hispanic small business men, and you know -- and women. Uh, they're great business people. The Hispanics are great business people. We've been working -- billions and billions of dollars have been, uh, allocated to small businesses for many people, but Hispanic people have been really, really, um, they've benefited by what we've done.

Cuba, I just got the Bay Of Pigs award. They love what I'm doing, and Biden is a Castro person. He's totally a Castro -- Obama and Biden sold out to Cuba, and I ended that horrible deal, and in terms of popularity, with the Cuban population in Miami, it's very high. You know that, and we're gonna keep it that way.

Thank you very much.

At the right time, but they have to treat people properly. What they've done in terms of a regime, and you can say it better than anybody, what they've done in terms of a regime is deplorable and horrible.

Well, it is, it is, and, you know, you have people living in Miami who have suffered greatly, and we're working with them, and very close. We're -- I'm very close to the Cuban -- American population. I don't know, for whatever reason, we've become very close. Uh, Venezuela too, you take a look at what's going on in Venezuela, uh, and this is all per the question.

They get into the socialism thing. They destroy the country. This country will never be a socialist country. They get into socialism and everything is destroyed.

It sounds good. You get everything for nothing, everything free, but that doesn't last very long, and you look at Venezuela was a wealthy country just a short while ago. Now they have no food, they have no water, they have not medicine, they have nothing, but we're wa -- we're watching that whole situation.

Cuba, Venezuela, all very, very -- Nicaragua, by the way, very closely. Thank you very much.

Yeah.

It's because of China.

All because of China. It is a lot, but the fact is that it was not the American people that caused this problem. This was caused by China. All by China.

Uh, you'll watch. You'll watch.

I -- I think we've built a great foundation, and that's why even during -- I think we're rounding the turn. I say it and I -- I mean it a hundred percent. With the vaccines coming, therapeutics, we're rounding the turn on Covid, but if we didn't build the strong base like I built for the first three and a half years, we would not be in the position were at now.

I mean, we have a stock market that's almost at an all -- time high. I think it will be, and the biggest headwind is Biden, because if he got elected, this thing will crash. It's a headwind. It really is, a bad headwind.

Somebody said it very well on, uh, one of your favorite shows today, they said it very, very well. It's a big headwind. So, uh, I think we're gonna have a tremendous year next year, we're gonna cut taxes. Again, he's gonna raise taxes, quadruple taxes, quadruple regulations that I've been ale to cut, that were meaningless, but they made it impossible to do business.

So, we're gonna have a great year next year. We're gonna cut taxes and many other things, but it's gonna be a strong year.

Very soon. There is, uh, great, great companies and, uh, it's gonna happen very soon.

No, that'll be a great thing. Uh, gonna happen without, but we're gonna have a vaccine very soon, and we have therapeutics that are fantastic. We have -- meaning things that help you get better. You look at the mortality rate, 85%. I mean, th -- what we've done is, uh, incredible in the short period of time, over a seven-month period.

Uh, no, we've done a good job.

Yeah, yeah.

Well, I think so, but I think once it gets going and once the COVID's gone and everything else, uh, you're gonna see that also open. But, if you look at retail sales, they're doing fantastic, fantastically. If you look at cars, car sales, real estate, housing, people can't believe it. Housing's doing better than it was doing before.

So, we have a very powerful foundation.

No, it's incredible.

Yep.

Incredible.

You said the word, you said the word, "cases," and the reason cases is because we test.

We have more tests than any other country in the world by quadruple. We test more than anybody, and that's good, but where it's bad is it allows the fake news to do nothing but talk about cases. Now, if we cut the testing in half, you'd have half the number of cases, and if we cut it in half again, you'd have another half the number in cases.

So, it's one of those things. So, we have the best testing in the world, but it shows the most cases. Uh, other countries don't test, they don't have cases. Very simple.

Yeah.

But actually, deaths are going down.

Yeah.

Yeah, yeah.

Right. Now, th -- the testing does tell you where to look and, you know, what area, where's is it from, but we're finding cases because we test. If you didn't test -- I mean, one particular country can, and I'm friendly with a lot of the leaders. I say, "Do you test?" "No, we don't test," and the country shows no cases.

You wouldn't know they even have a problem with COVID.

Well, I think they have a lot of death, but they don't report it. They have a lot of death, but they don't report it.

I don't wanna get into that again. It gets too complicated, too controversial. I don't wanna be contro -- I wanna, I don't wanna be controversial for a change.

But, we certainly report and other countries don't and, you know, China, look, do you believe the numbers in China? You know, where they have a very small, uh, w -- everybody knows how badly China got hit. Now, they should've stopped it from coming in here, but China was hit hard, and I won't mention other countries, but other countries were hit really hard, much harder than they report.

Good.

Oh, boy.

I know all about that. Terrible.

Well, I did a lot for you, by the way, because I put a lot of new judges on the Ninth Circuit, and I --

-- think you're gonna get a fair shake. So, maybe we'll start right there, and Coach, I know about your case and I hope you're gonna win. I hope you're gonna win that case, okay? I don't know if I'm allowed to say that, but I hope you're gonna win. Thank you, Coach. I'll bet you're a good coach, too. Thank you very much.

So, in the next four, uh, that's one of the reasons it's so important to go out and vote because he's gonna put in radical left judges, which will destroy our country. One of the most important things a president does is Supreme Court justices, and you can't let that happen. He doesn't even wanna talk about it, doesn't wanna -- First of all, he doesn't know what's going on, period, but he doesn't wanna talk about who he's gonna put on.

He's gotta show, who are you gonna put on? Who are the people? Give us a pool. I had 45 names. I'll only take from that pool. Give us a pool of people. He doesn't wanna talk about it, and you know, he wants to pack the court. You know all about that.

It'd be terrible thing for this country. Terrible.

Or maybe more than that, and maybe they'll take, uh, Washington, DC. They'll take the District of Columbia, it a a state. So you have two senators and numerous congressmen and women. The whole thing is -- People have to know about this. But he wants to pack the court. And he's going to pack the court, even if he says he's not going to.

Look, he said he's not going to frack, right? There's no fracking. No fracking. Then he gets to Pennsylvania, he says we'll frack. And the c -- the press never even talks to him about it. He goes for a year that he's not going to frack. Then he goes to Pennsylvania and he says, "Eh, maybe we'll frack." It's terrible.

And the press doesn't call him out.

Well he's not in his 80s. I think he's 74.

Oh, right. Yeah, you said Breyer. I thought you said --

Well, I don't want to talk about people before the fact. I mean, actually Clarence is like, in his -- 73, 74. And a great gentleman, great gentlemen. Both great gentlemen. No, I don't wanna be talking about people if they -- You know, they should stay as long as they want.

Good.

Well, I've done a lot, because I've funded you with long-term financing which Obama didn't do, and nobody else did. And, uh, the heads of the colleges, as you know, would come up here on a yearly basis looking for money. After the third year I said, "Why do you guys keep coming up?" I liked him, a number of them are friends of mine.

I said, "Why do you keep coming up?" I said, "Don't you have like, five year, ten year -- You know, some kind of funding?" They said, "No, every year we have to come up." And one of them, a great guy, he said, "I come up and I feel like a beggar." And what did I do? I took care of them, right? Every year.

More money than they ask for. I got them more -- I said, "You need more than that." I got them more money than the -- they asked for. Do I get credit for it? Absolutely not. But I feel very good about it.

Right.

Well it's happening, and it's going to happen, and we've done a lot of infrastructure. You know, the wall is being built, and we're doing ten miles -- ten miles a week. We'll be up to ultimately 520 something miles, 529 miles. It'll be completed very soon. It's had a huge impact on the -- on the southern border.

The numbers are unbelievable, the numbers of drugs and all of the things that were pouring through into our country. But we've now built, uh -- We're getting close to a number that you won't even believe, and we're doing it at ten miles a week. It's a lot. And it'll be very quickly finished, and Mexico's paying for the wall, by the way, just in case you had any question.

Mexico is paying for the wall.

But, um, that's considered infrastructure. Do you know it's one of the largest infrastructure jobs we've ever had in the history of our country? But it'll be finished very soon.

We're talking about fees going into Mexico, yes, we are.

Yeah. Roads. Roads, yes. Correct.

Yeah.

Well we'll see about that. We'll -- we'll work on that one next, maybe.

So we have done the greatest job, we've created the greatest economy in history. There's never been anything like it. And then we got hit with the plague. We had the best African-American numbers. If you look at our unemployment numbers, African-American, Asian-American, Hispanic-American -- The best numbers ever.

No matter where you look. With high school education, without. You could graduate first in your class at MIT, it didn't matter. The best numbers. Our country was doing the best it ever did. You understand this. Stock market at an all-time high. Everybody was happy. The country was coming together. We got hit.

I closed it, saved millions of lives. Now I'm rebuilding it again. We're way ahead of schedule. Next year's gonna be a -- a great year. We are way ahead of schedule. Next year's gonna be a great economic year for this country. The other side wants to raise your taxes. They want to raise out regulations.

They'll drive everybody out. We'll end up in a depression. We're gonna do a great job, and we're gonna finish it up. We were doing such a job. Everything was flawless. It was perfect. In addition to that, I've rebuilt our military. In addition to that, we've done many, many other things. So many other things, including Space Force.

We came up -- we needed Space Force. I never even campaigned on that. I realized after I became President, we have -- I looked at Russia, I looked at China. We had to have it. All approved. 75 years it's been since a new branch of the military came in. So we've done a lot, and we're going to, uh, finish it just like we did.

We're gonna finish it strong. But it's only this great foundation that I built would allow us to be sitting here today with almost a stock market that's an all-time high. That means 401(k)s, it means your stocks. As you say, everybody benefits, and I think we're doing quite well.

Thank you.

He's sleeping.

Thank you. Hope you enjoyed the show.

Thank you very much.