Well, thank you very much.

That's right. That's right.

I think it's just hope. And I think that we are doing a great job. We had the best job numbers we've ever had a month ago, actually two weeks ago. The retail numbers were coming back very strong. We had this problem with China where they send something over here probably by accident, who knows. And we're coming out of it very strong, very powerfully.

The third quarter is going to be incredible, I think. I really believe it will be. And fourth quarter is going to be really good. And next year is going to be one of the best years we've ever had. So it's going to be great for young people.

Well, very simply we want to take care of Americans first. And I'm OK with having people come in based on merit. You know that I've been talking to you about that for a long time but we want to have people come in on merit. But right now we have jobs to fill and I want to do that before I even think about anything else and we've signed something that's very strong.

It's really America First, it's the old story, America First is a very simple message.

Yeah. Great crowd.

You always win those battles.

Well, we're going to be doing something. I'm going to be, you know, I -- you saw what I did having to do with schools that are funded --

-- and refunded and I know it's had a big impact on you --

We have sold out crowds and everything else but we're winning. We're in the White House. We're going to win the White House again. Hopefully, we're going to win the Senate. We're going to bring back the House. We are doing great. And I really think that as far as targeting, I like targeting back. You know they go after people's business, they go after customers if you advertise in a conservative show, you know what's going on, they go after the advertising.

Oh, it's a disgrace. What they do is a disgrace. And the bottom line is we're winning. And they're knocking down our monuments and they're knocking down our statues, they're knocking down all sorts of things. In the end, we're going to knock them down. We're going to win this, we're going to win it really big.

And these incredible people that I hear in the background, they're on the winning team and I think the other side has, frankly, I think they've just lost it. And you see it. But we'll see what happens. November, we have to go to November 3rd is a big day.

That's a big day. We're all waiting for it. And I think we're doing really well. We're all set to go. We're just starting the campaign right now. You know we were on television the other night for a speech and it was the highest rating in the history of Fox on a Saturday night. And the history is a bit -- it's a long history, it's a lot of good shows, and some probably pretty bad ones too.

But -- And online you saw the kind of numbers we got.

Yeah. There -- There are tremendous -- There's a tremendous spirit out there that, I guess, they call it enthusiasm that people haven't seen in a long time. So I think we're gonna do really well.

You've always had my back and I appreciate it.

Thank you, Charlie.