Come on. Let's go walk and do this real fast. That's more like it. This is the Resolute desk, the  desk. Many Presidents have sat behind this desk. Good stuff, right?

I'm just saying, all right, nothing like the White House. You know the whole -- it's a whole deal, right? How are you?

OK. I'm over here. Great. Take a seat.

He's a big fan of you. Yeah.

Well, we'll do that.

Oh, yes.

Well, you're doing pretty well on that if I may say so.

Yeah, we are. We did. We had good numbers.

Yeah.

You have been --

You started very well --

And then, were you -- were you involved with that show at some point?

But you're right. I was the only one. All these guys --

I said, hey, this guy's a total fraud and I left. And then I found out --

You're the only one that's ever given me credit for that.

Well, thank you.

I like this interview. No matter what he does I like this interview now, Mariana. That's right. I said, what the -- what's going on with this guy? And I just felt it was a phony deal. And he said --

And he said he was from British Broadcasting Corporation. They called up with everything, beautiful the voice. This is British Broadcast, and then, this guy shows up. I said this is uh -- but within a very short -- like immediately. And thank you very much you gave me --

Because I never get credit for anything, Dave.

I'm pretty good.

Yeah.

Right.

Yeah.

Bo.

Well, I mean, you can always say you run for office, right? You become successful. You could run for a lower office, you can do things. But there are ways you get groups together and they can be very friendly ways of doing it, very successful. I mean, you're going to have rebounds -- negative rebounds, if it keeps up the way it is. Like as an example, Portland.

This is crazy. Fifty-one days, you know, we send in very powerful, not military but very strong people. The police are good, but they were told not to do anything, you know, by the radical-left Mayor. No, you have to go out and you have to say and speak your mind is good. I think speaking your mind is good but you have to do it fairly.

We are for justice, but we're for law and order. It's got to be law and order and there is law and order. I put something out when they were starting to rip down statues. I went out. I found an old law, an old bill. You couldn't get it passed today. You get 10 years in jail, 10 years, and no games, and we have a lot of people in jail right now.

If you rip down a statue, a federal statue because the states have to take care of their own, unfortunately, because I do that, too.

But you rip down a federal statue, you get 10 years in jail, 10 years. No -- you know, three months and nothing's happened since then. It was amazing. I signed it. I had a news conference. I said if you do it -- and we were supposed to have thousands of people march on Washington that day. Nobody showed up.

Yeah. Sometimes for a purpose. I mean, you know -- but --

I think it was happening, and then, we got hit by the China virus, OK? I think it was happening, success. Our country never did better. The highest -- the best employment numbers in the history of our country. Best unemployment numbers, African-American, Asian-American, Hispanic-American, everybody. Best unemployment numbers in history.

Best stock market we've ever had. Although I must tell you, as you know, probably very well the stock market's almost at the same level right now which is a great tribute.

OK. But the stock market has been absolutely great.

A lot of things are happening. Great housing numbers the other day, great unemployment -- great everything. We're doing really well. We're trying to get rid of the rest of this pandemic, but success does it, and we were ready to do it. Because if you look at -- when you say, Hispanic, or when you say, African-American, Asian-American, they were all working.

Everybody was making a lot of money. Everybody was doing good and it was coming together. And then, China sent us this horrible bad present, a real bad present. They could have stopped it. They should have stopped it. And we made a deal, you know, we made a trade deal with China.

And it was a great deal, but it means much less to me now than it did then because I'm not happy with what they've done to the world. They stopped it going into China from Wuhan, but they didn't stop it going into Europe, the United States, and the rest of the world. So -- but we were ready to do it and the word is success.

And I think we're going to have that. I think, we're going to have a great next year. We're going to have -- I mean, you'll be able to see the results before the election which is interesting because at the very beginning of November, the election's November 3rd. At the beginning of November, the numbers are going to come out for the third quarter and I predict those numbers are going to be really great.

Despite the fact that Democrats want to keep their areas closed because they want the numbers to be --

I mean, can you imagine?

You know, I know how you feel about that.

And part of the reason, I think, a big part of the reason they do it is for politics.

Yeah. I don't like the kneeling. I must be honest with you.

I don't like the kneeling. I didn't like it for the NFL. I don't -- I think there are many ways of showing you're unhappy because when the NFL saw what was happening --

I know exactly. I know that. I've heard that actually, but -- and I don't know why he did in the middle of the summer. All of a sudden sitting in a T-shirt in his basement he came out with this thing about -- that nobody was even thinking about.

I don't understand. He's talking in the middle of the summer. He comes out and he's sitting there and he looked, you know, nice, but I wouldn't say, like Mariana. He looked nice in his T-shirt, OK. I don't know if I'd look much worse than that to be honest with you. I wouldn't wear a T-shirt. I think, he would have looked better in a suit.

And --

No, no, he would have looked better in a suit and tie. If I have -- if I had any advice. Number one, he could've waited until at least the fall, right?

But more importantly, I would have worn a suit.

Or a tie or even an open shirt that's loose not tight.

OK? So he came out with this thing, Dave, and everyone say, where did those come from now?

And the whole big thing started and he's made a mistake.

Well, he wanted no part of you.

Looks like it.

No, but I think, he did a good -- it was a wise move.

It's a very smart move.

Look, he's working hard on everything but it's --

Well, he makes a lot of money.

So before COVID, right now, I guess you know pretty much --

You know, he's the one. The only one I've shaken hands within a long time, you. 'Cause you stuck your hand out and I'm saying, what are we doing? But I shook your hand.

You were tested?

Otherwise, they'd take you out, right?

That'll end the interview. Did you notice that? He stuck his hand out and I say, what do I do here? Rather than insult him, I said fine.

I immediately ran, wash hands. No, but -- but -- no, but in the days from like four months ago.

I just, you know, I -- people don't know that I get along really great with the world leaders. I'm tougher with the world leaders than any President's been. I've been tougher on Russia by far with a pipeline, with our military, with the oil. You know, we're now the No. 1 energy in the world, energy producer in the world.

And there's nobody even close. I've been very tough with Russia. I've been very tough with -- I mean, China. Nobody's been tough like me with China and that's got to be tough. That's because for years, they've taken advantage of so many countries, not those two only. The whole world, our allies, NATO, the whole world has taken advantage of our country.

But despite that, I have a very good relationship with leaders. I mean, there's --

I'll shake on it. I mean, shake their hand. I hug them. I -- this --

No, I have a lot of great -- you know, Abi of Japan. You know, look, they've been ripping us off for years and years. They send the cars in, there's no tax. We send a car to them, they say, we don't take your cars you know. This is the kind of thing that we've put up with. We defend these countries, we get nothing for it. And you know, I've ended a lot of the craziness that's gone on.

There are times when I love it.

Too much sometimes, right?

Where's Dan? We have -- I think, we have --

To -- Dan, how many, what's our number now total?

Can you believe it?

Well, it's mine, it's mine. I don't know if I'll ever use it again but it certainly was good. It's a platform. Look, we have fake news you don't know about that but we have fake news right there.

And then, you know, Dave, that we -- we have a -- we have a voice. We have a very big voice. When you have the kind of numbers that we have you're able to get the word out and an honest word, and that's important. So, it's been very important for me.

But true.

Often, too often.

You know, it used to be in the old days before this, you'd write a letter and you'd say, this letter is really bad. You put it on your desk and then you go back tomorrow and you say, oh, I'm glad I didn't send it, right? But we don't do that with Twitter, right? We -- we put it out instantaneously, we feel great.

And then, you start getting phone calls. Did you really say this? I say, what's wrong with that? And you find a lot of things. You know what I find? It's not the tweets, it's the retweets that get you in trouble.

Well, you see something that looks good and you don't investigate it, and you don't look at what's on the helmet, exactly, right, which is in miniature.

And you don't blow it up and sometimes, it's -- but I -- I have found almost -- almost always, it's the retweets that get you in trouble.

Good. Yeah.

Well, they say he was a good basketball player and he has a very nice quality.

Not -- well, he's not tall but he was a fast little guard. And they say --

No, they say, he was a good basketball player and he's actually a very nice guy. We don't always agree on everything.

You know, he would like to do things that I don't like to do. But ultimately, I make the decision but we make a -- all a group of people. And he's been here for like 45 years for many, many years and he's a nice man actually.

Is it? Sure.

Right.

Yeah. No, he'd like to see it close up for a couple of years, but that's OK because I'm President. So I say, well, I appreciate your opinion. Now, give me another opinion somebody, please.

Now, when you have to. Now we're open and we're doing well and I just had a press conference about opening the schools. You got to open the schools. They have a stronger immune system even than you have or I have.

The kids -- oh, that's not saying much?

But they do. They have it. It's amazing. You look at the percentage, it's a tiny percentage of 1%. And in that one case, I mean, I looked at a couple of cases. If you have diabetes, if you have, you know, problems with something, but the kids are in great shape. So we want to open the schools and we're opening the country, and we had great numbers announced the other day.

And two weeks ago, we had the best, the biggest number of jobs we've ever had, and the month before that, we had the same thing. A lot of good things are happening and I think it looks like a V. We have a lot of people that would like to see their states close. I have a feeling on November 4th they'll open them up. I think they want to do it for political reasons, but we're doing well.

The polls are starting to really shape up. You know, Dave, we were doing great. We were sailing. George Washington would have had a hard time beating us. And then, when the China virus came in, all of a sudden -- you know, it's a dampener.

It really is. It's a downer.

Well, it's a downer though, and you know, psychologically and it went down. And now, we're really starting to do well. We're looking really good at a lot of different places.

Right.

I was in so many rap songs.

Like 79 or something. I was in every rap -- this is before I did this, right. It's a very interesting thing that you say because the best day in my life in terms of business and life and everything was the day before I announced that I'm running for President. Everything was good. The company was good. I was -- I had finished up a lot of jobs that were very successful.

It was -- and then, I said I want to do this. Now, I'm really glad I did. But I was treated very unfairly with fake Russia. You know, Russia Russia, Russia, and Ukraine, Ukraine, all fake stuff. It's -- it's a very vicious business. Somebody said who's the toughest in the world to deal with? Is it Russia?

Is it China? Could it be North Korea? I said, no. The toughest is the United States.

It's the toughest to deal with. When you look at what I have to do. I have to focus on the big picture, but I also have to focus. I have so many people on the left or call them Democrats, call them whatever you want. And then, you look at what they're doing with cities. Every city is run by a Liberal Democrat and they're going to hell and we have to do something.

We just sent people into Chicago. We sent people into Portland as we said. We're sending people into New York to help out. It's incredible but I love doing it. But there was this, you know, phony deal that I was devastated that when I won because I couldn't have -- my life, I had a great life, I did. One thing that happened, I was going into a thing called the Robin Hood Foundation.

I'll never forget it. It was just about the night I announced or whatever and my wife looked at me she said, you know, I hear people booing, and she was with me for a long time. We've been together a long time. She said some people are booing. I said, yeah, but some people were also clapping wildly. I said, no. She said you know what, I've been with you a long time.

I've never heard anyone boo you.

This was right after I started being a politician. And it meant something because I said, you know, it's the first time in my life I was ever booed. I -- you know the story.

I'd go to Yankee Stadium people would go --

I had a very -- it was close to a -- who's 100%? But it was pretty close. And now, I would say this, I have more fervor on the one side and I have far more animosity on the other side.

I mean, I don't know if such a person exists.

And I should say, yes, absolutely, I would, OK? So let me say it that way.

That's a much more politically correct. Absolutely --

But it doesn't work that way.

Because it just doesn't, unfortunately. But I really believe success. We were there. Everybody was working. Everybody was just -- nobody's -- probably you -- I don't know how you're doing now, but you were probably doing better four months ago.

OK, well, you got in and you got it in at the right time.

But a lot of people that -- 401ks --

I mean, they're doing phenomenally, but a lot of people sold stock. And now, they're saying I missed it. And I said to people don't sell, don't sell, just don't sell because the foundation is so strong, don't sell. But the people that really lost in terms of economics are the people that got out. The people that stayed in, they stayed with me, they're doing great, and we're almost at record highs.

Right.

Go ahead. You can do it quickly, right? Yeah.

Oh, he does? That's bad.

That's too bad.

Is he a good dad?

Good, good.

Don't worry about socially distancing.

And you have a very talented son. Good guy.

He's honest.

You have an honest -- you have an honest father.

Oh, that's no good.

That's no good.

It's great to see you.

I'm going to put a lot of pressure on him. He'll call you today in a little while.

Thank you very much. Great to meet you.

That was really good. I was really worried about him.

He was nice.

Dave, thank you very much.

A great honor, a great honor. A great