Hi, Sean. Those are two very familiar voices to me, and two great voices.

Well, it's true. And they are now telling -- and everybody is very proud of us. We're energy independent. Biden is -- and it's not Biden. I don't think Biden knows what it even represents, but Bernie and everybody else -- and Biden has totally accepted it -- they're anti-fracking. They're anti-everything.

They're anti-fossil fuel. And our nation would go into a massive depression if that ever happened. And when you talk about Pennsylvania and Ohio and Texas, by the way, and Oklahoma, they're anti-fracking. They don't want to do any fracking. And they can end it very quickly, and they will.

I have watched some, not that much, but I have watched some. A lot of hate.

Yes, I would say so.

Well, it's socialized medicine. That's what they're really -- socialized health care. They're talking about something that's so expensive the country can't afford it. And even if it could, it's no good. It's no good. It's socialized medicine. You're not going to have your doctor. You're not going to have your plan, which you didn't have when Obama promised you.

And 28 different times, he said that. So, no, they're talking about exactly that. And it's a ridiculous situation. They're also not talking about law enforcement and our great police. They're not talking about that. They don't want to talk about it. And they see Portland. And you see New York, with a 358 percent increase in crime, some number that's just crazy.

And you see what's going on in Chicago. But look at Portland. They're anarchists. They don't want to talk about police, because it's a losing subject for them. They want to defund the police. And they want to -- they want to abolish police. I mean, they're actually trying to do it in Seattle. The Democrat-run cities are a disaster.

That's right.

We could do it so quickly. Like, when you look at Portland -- and I just watched the young man on the screen, on your screen. And what they did with him last -- the other night was just horrible, when you look at it, horrible. And they're just thugs. And they're not being properly protected, because the police don't want to do that, and because the police aren't allowed to do their thing.

They're all good police, but they're not allowed to do their thing. They don't want to lose their pension, don't want to lose their job, although their job, they're feeling -- frankly, a lot of them are leaving, because they are just -- it's a shame, what's happened. You know, we were just supported by New York City's finest.

We -- Pat Lynch came over and gave us the endorsement of the New York police, and -- which is a great honor for me, because they're phenomenal. But they're not allowed to do their job. And we have the endorsements in Ohio and Texas and Pennsylvania and Florida. We just got the sheriffs, all of the sheriffs in Florida, at a ceremony.

And I don't know. I can't imagine they're ever going to endorse anybody who's going to endorse Biden, because they really have a very unsafe policy for our country. And you talk about suburbia. You know, we're all saying about suburban women. The fact is, they're going to really want to support me, because we're for law and order.

We're for safety and security. And Biden is not. It's just incredible. They have talked him into things that nobody would have thought possible. And he's not in a position to fight back.

Right.

Well, they don't want the police to use pepper spray or tear gas, which is, frankly...

... not so nice, but it's very standard for crowd control. If you don't use it, you can't protect. You saw where all of the police associations got together. And they said, in Wisconsin, we're not going to be able to do this. And, frankly, it didn't matter, because Biden didn't want to leave his home state.

He never leaves his home state. He hasn't answered a question since July 17 and -- July 17 or 27. I mean, for a long time, he hasn't answered a reporter's question. And he hasn't answered a real question from before that. So, I don't know what's going on. Something is going on. And I assume we will be able to find out sooner, rather than later, I hope.

But something is going on. It's very strange.

Well, you know, I don't want to get into that. Pretty obvious what's going on. I will say this. When you deal with President Xi of China, which I do all the time, and with President Putin, and with President Erdogan, and you're dealing with all of these people, Kim Jong-un -- of course, Obama never spoke to him.

I said, did you ever speak to him before going to war? He said, I never spoke to him. So, you know, you're dealing with these people. I can tell you one thing, they're very sharp. They're at the top of their game. And if you're not at the top of your game, it's not going to be a pretty picture. It's like chess masters, and if you're not a great chess master, you're going to have a problem.

And that we don't think he is. So, I don't know. You know, one thing you left off your list, that was, he wants to takeaway, they will take away without question your Second Amendment. That's like, without question. I've been fighting that successfully, very successfully. It's not going anywhere with me here and we have some good people.

Kevin McCarthy is great. And we really have some great people fighting for us. But the Second Amendment is gone. You can forget about the Second Amendment if we lose this election, and your taxes will be doubled, tripled, and quadrupled. Your jobs will be gone. I mean, you're going to have a depression if that happens.

And it's the biggest headwind. You know, we just set a new record in the stock market. And believe it or not, the biggest headwind, it would have been much higher. But the biggest headwind -- and that's during the pandemic, which I hope is nearing the final turn. But the biggest single headwind is if he got in.

If they didn't think, if we were just like last time, we won it and it went up like a rocket ship right after the election. The same thing would happen now. So, those 401ks will go up 25 percent, 30 percent, 40 percent, but they will go down 40 percent or 50 percent if he gets in. All of this stuff that you're talking about is going to kill our country and kill the economy.

Right, record setting.

I think we're going to have a third quarter, a great fourth quarter, but we're going to have an incredible next year. And you look at -- you know, you're talking about the employment numbers and you look at the numbers that just came for the quarter, and they're record-setting, over 9 million jobs. And that's really with a minimum of stimulus, because as you know, the Democrats don't want to approve stimulus for people.

So, people, all they want to do is get bail out money for their governors who have done so badly in states like New York and Illinois. He's done a traditional job in Illinois. Pritzker is terrible. He doesn't know what he's doing. And, you know, they are having a hard time in California, as you know, although he's treated me very nicely, therefore I'm going to treat him very nicely.

But, you know, they are having a hard time. But they want bail out money in other Democrat-run states also. Republicans are doing very well. Republican states are doing great. You look at what's happening, they're doing great. But these Democrats -- and this is long-term. This isn't just over the last few years.

This is for many, many years. And they want -- they think they can use COVID-19 or they could use the China plague as we call it to get bail out money. And, you know, we don't want to do that.

No, without them, I would never -- you know, when I talk about them, I'm talking about without Biden and Obama, I wouldn't be president. I wouldn't have run. They were so bad. People don't remember the hatred and division. There was tremendous division, probably a little more quiet, but it was tremendous hatred and division that we had for eight years.

And, you know, people don't like to talk about that, but you remember it well. He was a terrible president. He was a very divisive person, a very divisive president. We had the slowest recovery in the history of our country from 1929, let's say, I guess they say, from 1929, the Great Depression, this was the slowest recovery we've ever had under him.

And then when I got in, it was a rocket ship. We gained. And now, incredibly, the stock market is -- I mean, Nasdaq is actually higher than it was at any time and the rest of it looks like it's going to be higher, just almost the same. And who would have thought that's possible? This is while we're going through this problem caused by China.

Well, it's a disaster and it's going to be, no matter how you look at it. They are sending out 51 million ballots to people that didn't ask for them. Now, absentee ballots are great. I used one for Florida. And a lot of people use absentee -- a lot of people in Florida use them. But that's when you go through a process.

You ask for it, they send it to you, and it's very secure. There is nothing like going to the voter's booth, by the way, but -- it's -- and we should have voter ID, which the Democrats don't want for obvious reasons, with your picture on it. But absentee is good. But they want to send what's called mail-in, universal mail-in ballots.

Fifty-one million ballots sent to who knows who? I mean, you know, where are they going? This is going to be the greatest scam in history. This will be the most fraudulent election in history. Fifty-one million ballots being sent to people. Many of them will have been dead. Many of them will get more than one.

But it's going to be a really horrible thing. It's just a horrible, horrible thing. And it's impossible to police. You had Carolyn Maloney, a congresswoman who's not a very good one, on the East Side of Manhattan. I mean, that thing was so messed up for weeks and weeks, and they just declared her a winner, but they have no idea where the votes are, where the ballots are.

It's gone. New Jersey, a disaster, it's been a disaster in New Jersey, a horrible disaster. And Virginia has been -- and we're talking about things that just took place, and small elections relatively. But now, they are talking about sending 51 million ballots out to anybody that -- you know, nobody knows who's going to get them.

It's a horrible thing. It's a fraudulent election. Everybody knows it. You don't even have to know politics to know it -- 51 million ballots are going to indiscriminately sent out to people that didn't even ask for them, people that say, hey, I just got a ballot. That's great. Let me vote. And it's a -- it's a terrible thing.

They're trying to steal the election.

We're going to have everything. We're going to have sheriffs and we're going to have law enforcement and we're going to have hopefully, U.S. attorneys, and we're going to have everybody, and attorney generals. But it's very hard. I mean, you have some of these states sending them out like Nevada where they don't even have to check the signatures so anybody can sign it.

New Jersey just sent it where the governor, as I understand, has just signed an executive order, didn't even go through the legislature to get it done. And nobody has ever heard of anything like this. So, they're going to be sending out 51 million ballots to people they have no idea why it's coming, who it's going to.

Unfortunately, they may have a very good idea the people sending them. They may send them to all Democrat areas and not to Republican areas, as an example. It could be the other way too, but I doubt it.

So, it's a very -- it's a very serious problem. And, you know, the other thing, a lot of times, you don't even have to send it back until after the election. So, on November 3rd, the evening, like we used to sit at home and hearing, "Trump won the election, what a great thing". And you saw how happy Hillary's people were.

They were thrilled when I won. You saw that. That's one of the all-time classic --

Do you remember during the debate -- the debate when she -- do you remember during the debate when she asked me very strongly, well, will you support the decision of the voters? And I'm looking at her and she didn't support it. She still doesn't get it. She's walking around saying, what happened?

Well, there is no trouble with the Postal Service. The Postal Service is going to do a good job. You know, it's not the Postal Service. It's what happens to these ballots when they are sent. Who are they being sent to? Who are these 51 million ballots being sent to? Where are they going? Who determines where they are sent to?

And you are talking about massive numbers. They couldn't Carolyn Maloney, who shouldn't be able to accept that position, by the way. I mean, they gave -- they declared her a winner over a guy that is right now looking around saying, what happened? He thought he won. They declared her a winner. They do that election over again in Manhattan.

It's a disgrace, that election. But that was mail-in votes. Now that's one small election. That was for a congressional seat in New York. What about -- you know, when you're sending them all over the country, 51 million, it's going to be about 51 million they estimate, and they're going to send them to every -- whoever sends those ballots is a very powerful person.

And on the assumption that the person is honest, it's still going to be fraught with error, even if somebody was going to be honest about it, because people die and then other people see it and they grab it and they sign it and they send it back. No, you're not going to have -- you can't have it -- it's impossible to have a fair election like this.

I will.

I'll watch. I will.

I mean, I'll watch...

But I might be watching -- I watched a lot of hate last night and the...

... night before.

Tremendous hate.

Yes, I think we're going to have more of it as live than what they did. I think it's pretty boring when you do tapes. I'm going to go live and do mine live. And Michelle Obama, as you know, taped it, and obviously long before because she had no idea who the vice-presidential nominee was, didn't get scolded for that at all.

They said, oh, wasn't that wonderful? So, I mean, she couldn't even tape it near, you know, the date. And then she had certain numbers wrong, certain very interesting numbers were way off. And so, she taped it obviously a long time before the evening it was aired. But and then they said, wasn't it wonderful?

You know, wonderful, she had a lot of hate. She had a lot of anger. But they did because, look, they thought they would win an election and they didn't. I've gotten to a point by the end of this term I'll have appointed 300 federal judges and two Supreme Court judges. And nobody has ever done that before.

And so, they're very, very upset, very, very upset. They thought it was going to be a victory. And places like Wisconsin that they always win, the Democrats, they ended up not winning. And Michigan they ended up not winning. And Pennsylvania they ended up not winning. And North Carolina they ended up not winning.

And Florida other places. It was quite an evening.

Well, he hasn't answered a question since mid-July, is what they reported tonight. And I am just saying, you know, I am answering questions all day long. Every time I pass reporters, I'll stop and say, go ahead, what do you want to know? I'll go give it. And you know...

The other thing is they're so nice to him. I mean, these reporters are so nice, they'll ask him the simplest questions. I've never seen anything like it. And some of the answers he reads off a teleprompter. That means he knows what the question is. And he reads an answer off the teleprompter. So, there is something going on.

And it's not fair to our country.

Well, I put a ban on people coming in from China who were heavily infected. I mean, they -- it was a very -- Wuhan, very, very infected area of the world. And I put a ban. And people were against that. And Dr. Fauci actually said that I saved hundreds of thousands of lives. And I also put a ban on Europe, when I looked at Italy and I looked at France and Spain, in particular.

I said, wait a minute, we have to ban. So, I put a ban. So, we saved hundreds of thousands of lives. But we also saved millions of lives by closing up. We had the greatest economy in history of any country. Blowing away China, blowing away everybody. And I had to make a decision. And we closed it. We saved millions of lives, Sean.

When you see the number of 170 as opposed to, let's say, 2 million or 2.5 million lives, can you imagine if it would be that? But it would be 10, 15, or 20 times more if we didn't close it. So, we closed it. We learned about it. We learned that the elderly we have to protect, especially the elderly that have problems with heart or diabetes or anything.

And we've saved ultimately millions of lives by making that decision. And now we want to open up and the Democrats have to open up their states and cities and they have to open up the schools and let's play football.

I would. I would have no problem with it. I will tell you that we are very close. We are in the Phase 3 trials. And that's, you know, years ahead of schedule. I mean, normally that would be years before you would be there. And we have vaccine, we have therapeutics. We are going to do very well. And I think we are going to have some very good news very quickly.

They are doing fantastically. And even without that, doing great in Texas now, doing really good in Arizona, Florida. This country has done a fantastic job. We have done a fantastic job. The people have been incredible.

Right.

I think if I had said it I think I probably wouldn't be here right now. I can tell you that. And the White House, you have a picture of it up there right now. It's a beautiful place. It's a great place. It's so important, what it represents. How -- the greatness it represents. But no, we need somebody that is going to do the job.

We've brought back trade. We have incredible trade deals. We had the worst trade deals made by any country in history. And we've made them into great deals. We are doing well. We're doing well. We got hit by this China plague. But other than that. I mean, we were rocking. And now we're going to be rocking again very, very soon.

That's right.

Thank you very much, Sean. Thank you.