Thank you, Jose. Thank you very much.

Great people.

Right.

Yeah.

I'm not. I'm not at all. I'm taking care of DACA. I had a deal with the Democrats, and they broke the deal. DACA could have been taken care of two years ago, but the Democrats broke the deal, all of a sudden, they just broke it for no reason. Actually, they had a court case that slightly went their way and they said, Oh, let's not talk about the deal anymore.

You remember that? You -- we talked about it. The deal was done. DACA is going to be just fine. We're putting it in, but it's going to be just fine, and I'm going to be over the next few weeks, signing an immigration bill that a lot of people don't know about it. You have breaking news, but I'm signing a big immigration bill.

I'm going to do a big executive order. I have the power to do it as president, and I'm going to make DACA a part of it. But, we put it in, and we'll probably going to then be taking it out. We're working out the legal complexities right now, but I'm going to be signing a very major immigration bill as an executive order, which the Supreme Court now, because of the DACA decision, has given me the power to do that.

.

That is correct. That is correct.

Well, what I'm going to do is that they're going to part of a much bigger bill on immigration. It's going to be a very big bill, a very good bill, and merit-based bill, and it will include DACA, and I think people are going to be very happy. In the meantime, we'll put it in, we'll take it out... I think people are going to be very happy with it, but one of the aspects of the bill, which, frankly, nobody knows about until right now, because I told no another reporter, so you have breaking news.

Congratulations. But one of the aspects of the bill is going to be DACA. We're going to have a road to citizenship.

If you look at the Supreme Court ruling, they gave the president tremendous powers when they said that you could take in, in this case, 700,000 or so people.

So they gave powers. Based on the powers that they gave, I'm going to be doing an immigration bill. One of the aspects of the bill that you will be very happy with, and that a lot of people will be, including me -- and a lot of Republicans, by the way, will be DACA. It will give them a road to citizenship.

I would say over the next four weeks.

Yeah.

No, it's not difficult at all. In fact, I'll be going to Walter Reed, I believe tomorrow, and I think when you're in a hospital, you should definitely wear a mask. No, it wouldn't be difficult at all for me.

I've had 'em on. Yeah if, you'd like to.

I mean, I think hopefully I look good in a mask. But I've, I've had masks on, and I think you have pictures of me with masks -- no, I think in certain settings, like a hospital, I'm going in to see some of our troops. I'm going in to see some of our COVID workers, people that have done an incredible job.

I'm going tomorrow night sometime, and I'll be wearing a mask.

No, we're winning the war, and we have areas that flamed up and they're going to be fine over a period of time. But unfortunately, we had this plague sent in from China, and it's a disgrace that they didn't stop it in China. They should've stopped it. I put the ban up. If I didn't put the ban, it would have been much worse.

If we didn't do a closure, we would have had millions of deaths instead of where we are right now. But it's far too many. One is far too many. But our testing is far superior to anybody. So we've now tested almost 45 million people, and that's helping greatly, but it flared up in areas where they thought it was ending, and that would be Florida, Texas, a couple of other places, and they're going to have it under control very quickly.

Well, I wouldn't say they're a great friend right now, because I really believe they could have stopped this. Was it done on purpose? I don't want to answer that question, but was it --

Could it -- probably not. It was probably incompetence, or a mistake. A mistake was made. It got out. It affected one person, two people and then 10 people, and all of a sudden it was all over Wuhan, but they stopped it -- largely they stopped it from leaving Wuhan, except when it came to the rest of the world.

So you have 188 countries right now that are going through hell because of this, and it was a tragic mistake, let's say, or maybe it wasn't a mistake, but whatever it was, it caused a lot of damage, and it was caused by China.

It could be a lot of things. If you look at COVID, the ones that really are affected are people that have diabetes. If they have bad heart, if they have obesity, if they suffer from any malady, they are really -- they're in trouble if they get hit, if -- especially if they're a certain age. Latinos are being hit hard.

I mean, honestly, everybody's being hit hard. A lot of people are being hit very hard. Everybody is being hit hard. It's a terrible, -- it's a terrible thing all over the world.

I have, yes. Yes, I have. That's right. It was sad. Very sad.

Well, we're going to look at that very --, I saw that on the news the other day, and I thought it was terrible, and I gave -- specifically orders. I want to know everything about it. They're going to be reporting to me on Monday about it, and I'll be able to release something to you at that time. I thought it was horrible.

I thought it was absolutely horrible.

Yeah.

Isn't it really? But he's a fabulous man. He's like a friend of mine. He became a friend almost from the beginning. Less of a good relationship with his predecessor. Didn't get along, although in theory, we should have gotten along better. But the president and I had a tremendous day yesterday, two days ago and -- and we are -- we are doing a lot of good things for our country that mutually good things for our country.

Well, it's true. What I said is true. I'm not changing that, but we've made a lot of progress. We've signed a new USMCA. That's the deal with Mexico, Canada, United States. We got rid of the horrible NAFTA deal, which was a disaster for the United States. We now have Mexico supplying 27,000 soldiers on our border, and we have very few people coming in. We've built a wall up to 250 miles, that's now continuing.

We're building approximately seven miles a week, and we'll have almost 500 miles very shortly, and the wall has had a huge impact on the border. So the border is a much different place. Very few people are getting through. We've changed rules, regulations, and even laws on the border, and you'll be seeing in the immigration bill that I just talked about some very interesting things happen.

Well, I was more or less happy with the decision because when you read the decision, they're going to have to go through a lot. It can't be a witch hunt, which it is. It's a political witch hunt and it's a -- I've been going through it for approximately four years -- longer than I've been president. It started before.

We caught President Obama, we caught Vice President Biden spying on my campaign. We caught Comey lying. We caught Brennan and Clapper lying. We caught a lot of things are happening and a lot of action is going on with respect .

President Obama knew. Vice President Biden knew. They were spying on my campaign. Everybody knows. You know, one -- when I had mentioned this as a distinct possibility years ago, everybody laughed and smiled and they thought it was funny. Now, there's no doubt about it, and that's a very serious charge. The President, the Vice President totally knew they were spying on my campaign.

Comey lied, you know that. Clapper lied. Brennan lied.

Well, no, it's a very serious thing, when -- you're not allowed to do that, They're spying -- using intelligence to spy on the opposing party's campaign. A thing like this has never happened before, but that's a very, very serious thing, and they got caught. They caught now, let's see what happens, but they got caught, but that's a big deal and what's happened -- and we've been going through this for a long time.

So let's see how it all works out. It'll be very interesting.

It's freedom for their people. It's freedom. Venezuela was a rich country 15 years ago, and it's been destroyed by two people. But a system, a horrible system. Call it anything you want, but it's a horrible system, and something will happen with Venezuela. That's all I can tell you. Something will be happening with Venezuela.

The United States will be very much involved.

I support whoever it is that's elected, and right now he seems to be the person that's elected. But the system is very bad over there. He seems to be losing a certain power. We want somebody that has the support of the people. I support the person that has the support of the people. Venezuela has been treated very, very badly.

I've been very strong on Venezuela. This is an area that I know very well. You understand why. I know this area very well. Little Venezuela they call it in Florida, little Venezuela. The greatest people there are. Fantastic people. We're going to take care of the people of Venezuela.

Thank you very much. Thank you.