Well, I think a statement like that is criminal because we did a much better job than he could ever have done. As you know, he was months later before he even thought the ban was a good thing and ultimately he had to apologize for what he did. We would've lost hundreds of thousands of lives. And what I said to Woodward was actually good, I said calm, we need calm, we don't need panic.

They want me to jump up and down and start screaming, is everyone going to die, is everyone going to -- that's not what leadership is about. I'm a cheerleader for the country. We need calm, that's all I've said. And by the way, that was done after. That was done after I had already banned China from coming into the country.

So I took this -- yes, so Jeanine, I took tremendous steps. Everybody knew how I feel, otherwise I wouldn't be banning China. And then shortly thereafter I banned Europe. We saved hundreds of thousands of lives with each one of those bans and saved probably two or two and a half million lives by doing what we did early.

Look, he is an opportunist. Not a bad guy, to be honest. He's doing his thing. His first book I didn't have anything to do with it, and he wrote things that were false and untrue and I could've straightened it out. And I said let me do -- I took quite a few phone calls, 16 phone calls or something like that, and we had some good conversations, not long, but good conversations.

And I don't even know if the book is good or bad. I mean, I can tell you that what this says is that -- I said don't panic, we don't want panic. The press will make everything look bad because it's fake, the fake news, most of it. I'd say 85 percent unfortunately, that's the number we're up to. But I discussed with him lots of different things.

I think that they were very good discussions. We'll see how it comes out. But on this subject if you look, and he's actually being hit because if he thought it was wrong, then he should've reported it early. He -- if lives were going to be lost, he should've reported it early. The truth is he didn't think there was anything wrong with it and I think that he thought it was surprising that the press even picked it up.

It's fake news, it's all fake news.

Well, go out and look at the great leaders of the world. Winston Churchill stood on the rooftops in London very calm, making speeches, Winston Churchill. You want calmness, you don't want somebody that's going to be jumping up and down. I could do that too, I could jump up and down, say oh this is terrible, this is terrible.

We want strength, we want leadership and we don't want panic.

They don't want it because they don't -- they think it's going to make me look good, and it wins the election for me. But we're very close to a vaccine. We also have already come out with therapeutics, if you look at remdesivir and others, the plasma. You take a look at the things that we've come out with already and the number, we're 85 percent better in terms of fatalities.

You look at the kind of numbers, I don't know if you've been seeing this, but we're in -- we're really rounding the corner. And this is actually without anything further than we already have but we have some very good things out there already in terms of -- I would say in terms of -- you can't use the word cure yet but pretty close to a cure.

You're going to be pretty close to a cure. The vaccine itself, I mean, it could come out in October but whether it's October, November, December, it's going to come out very soon. We have great companies, they're very advanced and the results are going to be very good.

Yes, he would shut it down.

Well, it would be a disaster and we're setting records on job production. We have -- we're 10.4 million for the last four months. Nobody's ever seen numbers like this. We're setting records by millions and millions of jobs. The country's coming back. It's a super V. It's beyond a V, it's a super V. Retail sales are beyond any number they were ever at.

I mean think of, it we're doing numbers now as we're rounding I think the final turn. And that's with, without, it doesn't matter, with or without. Having the vaccine is great. It's going to happen very soon. Could happen in October, it could very well happen in October, but we're rounding the turn on the virus.

They have to open up. It's only the Democrats that are closed, and in my opinion, they're closed for political reasons. They have North Carolina, you have Michigan, you have a couple of other states that are closed -- New York, I mean look at New York. What they're doing in New York, that poor city with the restaurants.

You can't go to a restaurant. It's like a ghost town. What they've done to New York and people are leaving is disgraceful between Cuomo and de Blasio. That combination, I've never seen anything like it in my life. And it's -- look, coming from New York it's a very sad thing to witness. But we have to open up our states, totally open them.

They're keeping them closed because they want -- on November 3rd they want to have the numbers as bad as possible. Based on the numbers that you are seeing, it's not even affecting us but probably it would be better if these states were open. Forget about numbers though, the people that are inside those lockdowns, they're suffering between depression, losing their jobs, drugs, alcohol, all of the different things that are happening to those people.

That's causing much more damage than the virus itself.

Well, look, I like people to go out and vote but if they want to sign something -- you have solicited and unsolicited --

-- mail-in.

In the country they're going to send out 80 million unsolicited, in other words people that don't even know what a ballot is, all of a sudden here comes the ballot. Now, we don't even know that people are going to get it. That's my problem. Supposedly they're not sending them to Republican neighborhoods.

Supposedly they're not sending them to wherever or supposing the people aren't giving them back or they go out and they harvest them. Somebody could be either way but the Democrats seem to do that. I mean they've played that game for a long time.

Well, you --

-- still might have to prosecute a lot more. The fact is they're playing very dirty. 80 million ballots, we never had any number like that anywhere close to that and you're going to see a mess on election night that's going to be -- it's going to be legendary. And all they have to do is say go out and vote or request a ballot, get what's called a solicited ballot or absentee.

A lot of people use the word absentee. Get an absentee ballot where you request it, it comes to you, you vote and you send it back. That's different. But they're just sending out -- all over they're sending out 80 million ballots.

How about signatures? They don't even want to have signatures verified.

Right. They don't want to have signatures verified. Where are they sending them? Who are they sending them to? Who's sending them back? Who's sending them back?

It's a very -- it's -- it's so unconstitutional, it's so dishonest and you have states that can't even do small elections --

Well, we're in courts -- in many, many courts right now and hopefully the courts are going to decide because if they don't, you're going to have one hell of a mess on election night.

Yes.

That's right. Every problem --

We'll put them down very quickly if they do that.

We have the right to do that. We have the power to do that if we want. Look, it's called insurrection. We just send in and we -- we do it very easy. I mean, it's very easy. I'd rather not do that, because there's no reason for it, but if we had to we'd do that and put it down within minutes, within minutes.

Minneapolis, they were having problems, we sent in the National Guard, within a half an hour, that was the end of the problem, it all went away.

If you look at Kenosha, look at the problems they had. In fact, the sheriffs there, the police chief, they're all on my side, a hundred percent. Law enforcement all over the country is on my side. And I will say this, look, we have -- even with the horrible things that are going on in New York and Chicago, run by -- all run by Democrats, everything we're talking about, you know, is run by Democrats.

We're not talking about one Republican place, it's all run by Democrats. Even the police chiefs, they're all quitting all over the country, every single one -- I think I saw 15 or 20, every single one of them is from a -- a Democrat city. Look, before China sent us the plague, before the plague came in, we had the best crime numbers in history.

When the plague came, it changed things, let's face it, it changed things. But, all of the problems are in Democrat run cities. They're badly run, the taxes are too much, they -- they want to defund their police. Biden is all in that. He hasn't still, to this day, used the term law and order. He's afraid to use the term because he's going to lose -- he would lose the radical left supporters that he's got if they even show up for him, because there's a question as to whether or not they're going to show up.

But, they don't want to talk about law and order. One other thing, you have a lot of people living in the suburbs, you know it well, you live in Westchester, you know it well. I ended a rule, a regulation where low income housing has been forced into the suburbs and this has been going on for a long time, but especially so under Biden and Obama.

I ended it, I terminated it. Not going to happen anymore unless I'm not here, in which case they're going to reinstitute worse. So, the suburbs are not going to have these projects forced into them. Now, who in the suburbs is not going to vote for me? They're going to make the projects bigger, better, they're putting Cory Booker in charge, I mean the -- one of the most liberal, the most liberal is Kamala, but Cory's right there and he's going to be in charge of building projects in the suburbs.

You're going to destroy your suburbs, it's already happening, because you see what's gone on, you see what they've got. They take over the zoning and the force projects -- projects, really terrible situation.

Well, the suburbs are going to be next. Look --

-- the suburbs, the people, these same protesters -- but they're not protesters, they're anarchists, they're agitators and they're rioters.

They're people that in many cases are paid --

And then there's stupid kids.

People that we're looking at right now. We're looking at them right now.

No, not yet, but I'll -- you'll be finding out pretty soon. Look, they're stupid people too, because they'll be overthrown as soon as they get their wish. These people don't respect them; they're just using their money. These are super liberal people that have money and they're helping these anarchists and they're agitators and they're dangerous.

Did you see what happened over the weekend with the people walking up to a restaurant and grabbing the steak off the plate and biting the steak and then dropping it down? Two elderly people having dinner at a restaurant and they walk in and they take a steak and they take the potato and eat it?

Well, in Kenosha, they asked me in.

And we did a job like nobody's ever seen before.

Then they're not allowed to do it -- unless you do insurrection, in which case, it's just not big enough for insurrection.

You don't need it. You don't --

Oh, I'd be willing to do it in a heartbeat if we needed it, but we don't need it. Our National Guard --

Our National Guard is so good and so tough --

And by the way, police departments in places that we're talking about, Seattle -- we were going into Seattle and they solved the problem the night before we got there. We were getting ready to go -- they heard we were going in --

Ted Wheeler is a disaster, he's --

-- a laughingstock. He went out to protest with these so-called agitators and they were going to destroy him, they were going to beat him up badly, he fortunately had security, but they were going to beat him badly. The man is a disaster. If he would say come into Portland, within a half an hour, the whole thing would be solved.

The governor has gotten closer with what's going on out there. I will tell you --

The governor has gotten closer. I spoke to the governor two days ago.

They are arresting a lot of people. Now, we sent in the U.S. Marshals for the killer, the man that killed the young man in the street -- he shot him, I mean it was on television.

Cold blooded killed him. He didn't like his hat or he didn't like something -- and it wasn't a Trump hat.

It was a lot -- it was a religious hat.

And he shot him -- cold blood. Two and a half days went by and I put out, when are you going to go get him? And the U.S. Marshals went in to get him and in a short period of time -- they ended in a gun fight, this guy was a violent criminal --

-- and the U.S. Marshals killed him. And I will tell you something, that's the way it has to be. There has to be retribution when you have crime like this. There can't be guys standing up that want to fight, they want to fight -- you can't throw bricks at people with shields on.

So what's going to happen -- and this is a shame -- you're going to have a backlash like you've never seen, if these people don't stop. Because you have very smart, very tough people that aren't going to take it anymore. And once they say we're not going to take it anymore, it's going to end in a very vicious backlash and that's a terrible thing.

We're not there yet, but you have people that are very angry. You start seeing them, the trucks come in and the this comes in and that -- all of a sudden, you're going to see a backlash, the likes of which you haven't seen in many, many years, because people aren't going to take it. You know, a lot of people -- this is all a left movement, not a right movement.

But a lot of people on the right are sitting at home watching a television set, looking at Kenosha and looking at Chicago where they shoot people and kill people by the dozens every week.

It's not even believable but they said -- the look at it and they say, I'm not going to allow that to happen in my country.

He did very little in eight years and much of what he's done, as you know, I terminated. I got rid of the individual mandate which knocked out Obamacare; we took out the individual mandate, which is the single most unpopular aspect of Obamacare, it was a disaster. But that essentially gutted Obamacare. Most of the things, many of the things he did, we've taken out.

One of the things we're doing right now, I just got a report, 311 miles of wall. That has made such a unbelievable difference on our southern border. We're doing so well with that and immigration.

I don't know. Look, I've done a job, we signed a transaction that's actually going to be -- the ceremony's taking place next week. I hope you can come. And it's going to be UAE highly respected, the leader, Mohammed, highly, highly respected, and Israel is signing. This is the first time in many, many decades that anything like this has happened.

I can tell you that other countries are going to be signing onto it. We're going to sign a lot of countries in the Middle East. We might have peace in the Middle East going a much different route. The biggest thing that impeded us was that horrible deal that Obama made with Iran. It was the worst deal. Paid them $150 billion, $1.8 billion in cash.

How do you approve -- that's when I realized the presidency is very powerful. When you can approve $1.8 billion in cash, cash, big planeloads of cash going to people that they have no idea who it is. So, they did a terrible job and we're doing a great job. And I think we can say that with great security.

I'll do it. I think I'll do it the same way I did it last time basically. You know, sometimes, like Romney was so bad on the debates. And he studied for three weeks, he locked himself in a cabin. He was so crammed full of information --

-- and when they asked him a question, he couldn't think, OK. He should have won that race so easily. But when they -- I mean you were dealing with a failed president because his first four years were a total failure, Obama. But so, you know, you have to be loose, and you have to be able to do it. And the debates worked out well for me.

Debates have worked out well for me. I don't know what's going to show up with Biden. I mean, I see different guys, I see a Biden that really tied Bernie. You know, everyone thought he was going to be killed by Bernie and it was tie. It was nothing -- it wasn't Winston Churchill but it was fine. But I've also seen him in some of the other debates where he wasn't even coherent.

He couldn't utter a -- in his --

I think there's probably -- possibly drugs involved. That's what I hear. I mean, there's possibly drugs. I don't know how you can go from being so bad where you can't even get out a sentence -- I mean, you saw some of those debates with the large number of people on the stage. He was -- I mean, I used to say how is it possible that he can even go forward?

And he only won because Elizabeth Warren didn't drop out. Had she dropped out, Bernie would have won Super Tuesday every state and you would have had Bernie instead of Biden.

But I like it the way it is.

Your show is great.

Well, your show is great, we appreciate it very much. Thank you.