Hi Scott. How are you?

It's my honor. And it's a great state, my honor.

Right. That was a big turn. Although, I've done pretty well in that state. We love Ohio.

It's been really great. And we fought very hard for your governor that he gets in and we're doing a good job up there. It's a great place and it'll be opening up soon. It'll be opening up and really safely soon. How are you finding things?

Right. And that's true. The one thing is we've learned a lot. When I had a close, we did everything. We've done it right. We closed it. You know better than anybody. We have the greatest economy in the history of our country. By the way, in the history of the world, China had the worst year. This is before this horror show coming into plague, but China had the worst year.

In 67 years, we had the best year that we've ever had and we had to close it down. And yet, if we didn't do that, you would have had millions of people die. So we did the right thing. Now we're opening it up. I think what people have to remember though and I think it's very important, Scott is that when you get out there, it really affects a very small, tiny percentage of people.

Now, if you're old or older and if you have diabetes or if you have a bad heart and things, that group should stick around a little while. Jus stay in the house, stay shielded for a while, a little while. But it has very little impact on young, very, very little impact. And most people get better and then they probably get immunity from it in the future.

So very important. It targets people with some difficulty. It also targets people with AIDS. So we have to take care of our senior citizen centers, very important because they were really hit hard, but people are doing that. But people have to remember, most people are very minorly affected by this. They fight it off.

Their system fights it off.

Well, he's doing it with more heart. I don't know what's going on with her. Nobody can do anything. And now he's doing it with more heart. He's doing a very good job. We're proud of him. He's showing compassion. "At the same time, it's a problem. Look, this is a gift from China and we don't want it. This is a gift we didn't want." We had just signed a great trade deal with China.

The ink wasn't even dry, and all of a sudden here comes the plague. So we're not happy about it. Let me tell you, we're not happy about it, but he's doing a very good job. He's doing it with compassion. She's not showing any compassion. There are things that they're doing that are unnecessary. People aren't going to stand for that.

They're not going to stand for it. I see it. They're not going to stand for it. They have to get back. The other side of the equation is bad too. The other side of the equation, people are dying from that also, maybe in larger numbers. If you look at suicides, if you look at losing jobs, your economics, you go from having a great job to maybe not having a job because it's taking too long.

If you look at drug addiction, the drug use goes up and it's been going up and that's not bad, I've been fighting that so hard, and all of a sudden you see the numbers starting to go up. We can't let that happen. I think your governor's done a good mix.

Well, we've gotten it for the states. We really helped Ohio a lot, but we've helped all the states. We've done a great job in terms of the ventilators. When I took over, the cupboard was bare. We didn't have things left by the Obama administration, and we had no very few ventilators and all of a sudden we need thousands.

So we've gotten into that business. We're making thousands of ventilators and now the country is totally stocked with far in excess of what we need. And we're actually helping out other countries where they're having, "Look, this isn't just our country, other countries." And what we'll do and testing the same thing, we've done more tests now than the entire world combined by a lot, a lot more than the entire world combined and we're making tests available.

Well, ideally I would think that the government, your government, your local government would be able to help you out because they get to get from the state and the state's getting a lot of it. They can buy directly, but if they need help, they could come to us. So I would imagine that we'll straight that, but I look for the time when you're not going to need that in the hopefully not too distant future because we want to go back to what it was.

We want to go back, you walk into a store and you buy something. You don't walk into the store like you're walking into a dangerous area and I think that's going to be happening sooner rather than later. Also vaccines. We're doing very well in the vaccine hunt. And nothing is subject to vaccines because who knows, but we've had nothing like this.

This hasn't happened since 1917, but we've had some pretty bad flus and viruses and they go away and they never come up with a vaccine. But I think despite that, I think we are really putting the all out search for vaccines and therapeutics and it's happening. I think we'll have something by the end of the year.

Well, as you know, what I did Scott is over the last two years, I gave 12 billion to the farmers. Thank you, China. And then I gave 16 billion because China targeted our farmers. So I said to Sonny Perdue, our Secretary of Agriculture said, "How much money are we talking about? What are we talking about in terms of how much were they targeted?" And two years ago, it was 12 billion.

He said, "12 billion, sir." I said, "How about now?" 16 billion. I wrote him a check for $12 billion. I took it out of the tariffs. We had a lot left over for the treasury. I took from China, $12 billion, I gave it to the farmers. I think you know that. I gave $16 billion last year. That was a check, $16 billion to the farmers.

Now, without that money, they would have been in trouble, but I gave them that money. And this year, we're going to be giving $19 billion. One of the things we just did also, I saw food lines which is something we haven't seen for a while because of this problem and they were buying food and I said, "No, let's buy it from a farmer." So I think you heard last week, I authorized $3 billion to buy food from our farmers and distribute it to people in lines.

Yeah, so I probably got elected because of that. That was my big thing. And as you saw the car industry --  everything was really rocking. They were coming back, we were building car plants. You have some in your state. You have a lot of them going to Ohio, but from Japan, from other places, they were coming back.

And then we had the plague set in. But we built a lot of things. But the whole thing was we want to get our pharmaceuticals back. That was all started. Everything was starting and then this happened, but no we're doing that. If we've learned one thing from this, and I think it's so important Scott that said, we have to stop with these stupid chains where we're taking pieces of something, you make a car that comes from seven different countries.

We should make our own product and we should have never got --  those are called globalists. They want to make the globe good. They don't care about our country. We have to think. I took America first and that's what I mean. It's America first. We have to put America first. It's time. These other countries, they put their country first.

They don't care. They've been ripping us off for so many years. And China, the numbers were really getting good for us with China for the first time in 25 years. And then this being said, and China had the worst year before this, the worst year in 67 years. And we had the best year we've ever had. And we're going to now have it again.

We're going to have a transit --  I call it the transition to greatness, but we're going to have a transition. Third quarter is going to be a transition to the fourth quarter. And the fourth quarter is going to be very good. And next year, we're going to have one of our best years. And I think you feel that there's a pent up demand that's incredible.

Well, others are also optimistic. You have two sides of it. Some aren't as optimistic. I think everyone knows we're going to be in okay shape, but I think we're going to be in really good shape, especially if we get the vaccine and I'm not even counting on the vaccine because you get it, you don't get it sometimes.

I mean --

It could also be by the end of the year. They could have it by the end of the year because we're really putting a rush. In fact, today we're introducing our military because we're getting set up to distribute the vaccine as it's being developed. We are doing great on development of therapeutics and vaccine, but even forgetting about that, there's a tremendous demand.

You see what's going on in Wisconsin where they got a court order to let people go back. And I think a very big thing is really the fact that most people are not affected physically by this. They catch it. Some of them don't even know they have it and it goes away and they're probably immune. That hasn't been really determined yet, but probably they're immune and possibly for a lifetime.

So I think there's a great pent up demand. And I think you're going to have a great opening. I really believe that. I'll be talking to you in January. Let's see if I'm right.

Yeah, I'm okay with it. They put up a package. It's so crazy, the Democrats. Basically, it was a package to make sure that people vote for them, with the ballots and with all the different tricks that they put in. And by the way, speaking of that, we won two congressional seats to Republicans. We want one in Wisconsin that was a tight race and he won by a lot, and we won the first time in California in 22 years.

We won a great race in California where a Democrat seat was lost to a Republican. That just happened two days ago. So there are things happening. There are things happening. The people want to have the country open up.

Well, I said, "I didn't like the way they were set up." Don't forget. They were set up largely by Democrats that if you don't get it --  We need the Democrat vote because it's very close. Both the House and the Senate are very close. So we need the Democrat votes. And I said, "Wait a minute, these people get more money if they don't go back to work.

What kind of a deal is this?" That's what they wanted. And I said, "You know what? We have no choice," but I said, "Go back and renegotiate." So I don't love it. Most people are doing it anyway. They're going back. Some would rather get a little bit more, but it's a little bit of a disincentive the way they set it up.

And you heard me complaining about that originally. It was obvious, but it's a lot of money coming into a lot of people and a lot of good people, and they're all going back to work.

Well, it's imperative. And that's what we're talking about. There's death on one side, there's death on the other side too. You want to be tough. They can be tough, but people are going back to drugs and they're going back to all of the problems that --  We're very proud. We dropped drug use in your state by 18% and that was a lot.

That was a great achievement. All of a sudden that's going to get wiped out because there really is a big problem if you look Scott, a big problem with being locked in your house for so long and it causes problems, plus they lose their job. And now all of a sudden, they go from a great job to having no job and not a great prospect and it's causing anxiety and suicides and bad things happen.

So that's why we have to get open and we have to get everybody to work.

Well, that's true. I got to watch a little bit of it too. That's a piece of work. They're all screaming, "Pardon him. Whatever his name is. Pardon him. Please pardon him." And you tell me, is he guilty? You tell me.

He's definitely a little different. They're all screaming, "Please pardon whatever his name is."

I hate it. I hate it. What we'll do is we'll take care of this first and then we're going to work on that. I was all set to work on that 100% after because we built this great economy and now this next term, I was going to work on that. We had to throw money at this guy. We had no choice. We had really no choice.

We had to do it. We'll work on that. I say, fix it first and then we'll work on the debt. The debt will be able to control. We have the greatest currency in the world and the dollar is very strong and everybody wants to invest and the good news is we're paying because we're doing long-term financing. We're paying practically zero interest and in some cases, actually zero, we're paying no interest.

So that's a good thing. That's one of the good things that's come out of being strong.

No. I don't want to do that. Nope. I don't want to do shutdowns. I want to do maybe if there's a local area in Ohio, if there's a local area in some state or a number of them, you'll do am area where they'll do some kinds of shutdowns in areas. In other words, we'll put out the fire. I talk about embers.

No, we're not doing shutdowns on large-scale that's for sure.

Well, we hope so and we have to be very careful with this one. Look, here's the key. This hasn't happened in over a hundred years, anything like this. Hopefully, will be longer than that because this is not something that is even sustainable. You can't do this. And we did all the right moves that we would have had millions of people dead, instead of the numbers that you see and one is too many, but we have a very strong playbook.

We were left a weak playbook, a very weak playbook. It was not appropriate. The cupboard was bare. We weren't left medical, we weren't left ventilators, we weren't left all of the things. By the way, we weren't left the military. I've rebuilt the military. 1.5 trillion. We have the best military we've ever had.

We weren't left a lot. This country was in trouble. I will tell you that. So now we have a great military, a powerful military. What we've done is an incredible thing. And I did it with a fake investigation. You see what's going on with Flynn now was a fake Russia hoax and now they've been caught in the greatest political scandal of all time in this country.

They've been caught, so we're watching that whole situation very closely. And wait till you see what happens, but with that, I guess we have to go Scott, but I want to just thank you. I hope you're watching that political --  I know you are actually, but I hope you're watching that very carefully.

I'll be there soon and I'll see you. I'd love you to come around. You've been a really great friend and you know what? You've got a great show too.

Well, you have great people. You have tough people too like Jim Jordan. You have plenty of tough ones, right? They are tough cookies. There's no games with Jim and so many people. I love that state. I tell you.

Well, he likes showing off those Buffaloes, NCAA champion wrestler right? He likes showing off those muscles, I guess. Right? But he's a great guy. He's a great patriot too and he loves your state. So Scott, you take care of yourself. When I come in, you'll come and join us I hope.

Thank you very much Scott. Take care of yourself.

Goodbye.