Well, I'm proud of your show. You're doing best. One of the best, one of the best.

And that's, uh, you've come a long way. You did a good job at Secret Service. You've come a long way.

Very long way .

That's right.

You're going -- You're, you're going in the right direction. Go ahead.

Well, they never accepted the results of the last election, Dan. And, you know, if you remember that famous question where Hillary asked me -- Hillary Clinton, crooked Hillary, and she is crooked, where she asked me the question about, "Would you accept the results?" And I, you know, I always tell, I didn't give exactly a perfect answer.

I said, you know,  I shrugged my shoulder. I knew what I was dealing with. But it ended up that she didn't accept the results. And actually, she did. She got beaten soundly. You know, it was 306 to 223. That's a lot. She lost a lot, and she lost states that would never -- I mean, that hadn't been lost in decades.

But, uh, frankly, such a different candidate from Joe. You have a smart one and a dummy, such a different candidate, but you know, I think that -- I think he's a little more popular. I don't know why, 'cause, you know, he -- I would -- I, I don't understand, actually, why.

But, uh, so I, I think that, uh, yeah, they're gonna do something, Dan. Something's gonna happen, but you know what they're doing? They're trying to screw it all up with the ballots. So they have -- I guess I've heard numbers from 50 to 80 million unsolicited ballots. That's unsolicited. People aren't asking for 'em, and they're getting socked with a ballot.

And we're suing in a lot of courts and doing not badly, so we had a, you know, unrelated, we had some pretty good things happen yesterday, and a, a couple of days ago we had a -- we had, uh, we had Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, unlocked because they had a shutdown. The governor has it totally shut down --  primarily so that we can look as bad as possible for the election, but the numbers are fantastic.

No, I see something, Dan, and I haven't -- and I see it having to do with the ballots. Even these little elections are all screwed up. You look at Carolyn Maloney in New York, a small congressional vote, and, uh, they -- they're way off, way off. They have no idea what they're doing. They should have never declared her a winner because, uh, the other guy could've won very easily.

They had so many missing ballots and fraudulent ballots. So I think that's the route they're going. They're gonna try and mess it up. We have way greater enthusiasm. We have a great ground game. You saw that last night? I mean, you saw the people that showed up.

We went to Wisconsin, and it was in incredible. Tonight I'm going to Minnesota, and I hear it's like, people are already -- for two days, they were already planted out with their tents and everything else. It's -- The enthusiasm level is even more than it was four years ago, Dan. You probably see that.

Uh, we want to win, and once we win, we'll take care of business. We'll take care of business. We are, uh, winning now. We have polls. Our polls show that we're winning in, uh, Wisconsin. We're winning -- I mean, we -- we're winning in Arizona, and yet The New York Times comes out with a poll that we're nine down, okay?

We're not nine down. These people, these are crooked polls. These polls are crooked. You know, they're, uh, suppressions, really suppression polls meant to depress, meant to depress the voter and even the candidate.

And, uh, we didn't get too depressed last time. Last time it was worse. We were down in eight. Going into election day, we were down in eight or nine swing states, right? We were down in every, every swing state.

We won every one of 'em. Every single one of 'em, we won.

And, uh, then, you know, if you look at a Washington Post poll, which is always terrible, uh, except for the final day of election, but by that time, it didn't matter last time, but they put us down 10, 12, 14, 18 last time. And then we won the election, and they were very embarrassed for a day, and then they got back on, you know, they get good for about a week there.

They apologize for everybody for such bad service, for such bad reporting. New York Times actually re -- apologized for such bad reporting. I said, well, that's good. You know what? That's good. Now we can have a nice, normal, good newspaper. And, uh, within two weeks, they were back to their old stuff.

So, no, I think we're doing well. I think we're up in virtually every state, the real numbers, and we have real pollsters, too, and these are the real numbers. You know, we got a 52 or 53 today in Rasmussen, which was very accurate last time.

Remember we used to talk about Rasmussen.

There are two or three accurate polls last time, and all three of them, I'm up, and that's with the popular vote, which is, you know, I don't even go for. I -- You gotta go with what they have, and, you know, we -- Hillary used to campaign all the time in California and places that she shouldn't have been campaigning.

Someday, Someday they'll understand that Bill Clinton was right.

He knew exactly what was gonna happen.

He was the one that predicted what was going to happen.

Well, I'd take it right to the Supreme Court. Uh, they're under the gun. They are -- For instance, they have a trending section, right? Trending. Now I know what a trend is. A trend is something I know probably better than anybody, including them. They're always putting me trending, and I'm always, like, number one, two, three, four, and often times, I'm many of the trends, but it's only negative.

I've done very positive things. Like when I get nominated for the, uh, Nobel Peace Prize, it trends in a negative way. No.  It's, "Why would they nominate him? He only created peace in the Middle East." You know, I'm in the process of doing that.

Why would he do a thing like that? Whereas they nominate -- You know, Obama gets his nomination a couple of weeks in, like at the beginning, and he had no idea why. Why did they do it? And, you know, now they ask that same question. Why did they do it? But, uh, the trending in Twitter is just some guy -- I think I know who it is just picking whatever he can, like hydroxychloroquine.

They had it trending for weeks and weeks and weeks. That's not a trend. They just try to make us look bad even though it's gotten some rave reviews, and doctors are loving it more than ever. You know, doctors are loving it more than ever. I took it for a while, for two weeks.

You know, just in case. We had a couple of breakouts in the White House, and I said, "Get me something fast." And I took it, and, uh, for two weeks, absolutely no, uh, I mean, the good news, I didn't get it, but, uh, no impact or anything. It's very safe. It's been out for 50 years for a different problem, malaria, lupus, you know, et cetera.

But you know, if doctors will, but, but they had this thing trending in a very negative way. I don't even know why would they be so against it. But there, they're trending in a very, very negative way for many weeks. Number one trend. Now you and I know in our pop culture, hydroxychloroquine is not gonna be your number one trend.

Maybe for a night or a half a night or an hour, but they had it up there forever.

And it's just a phony trend. Look, it's a phony deal, and if they ever did anything like that, we would sue them under Section 230. We would sue them and do everything we could to get rid of Section 230. You know, the funny thing is, I protect them more than the Democrats. The Democrats hate them.

I actually protect them 'cause I wanna see great companies. I don't wanna see China take over, and, uh, you know, I don't wanna see China have the, the biggest, and I actually protect them much more than the Democrats. The Democrats, I think, other than we would do it, the Democrats would wanna repeal Section 230. If we repeal section 230, all of those companies go out of business.

They go out of business.

Because we take away their liability shield.

Totally fake.

Yeah.

And they knew that the first few days.

They knew it in the first few days, and it went on for two years.

I think it's terrible. I think it's terrible. I think it's -- I don't think the Hillary thing is finished, either, by the way, where she deleted 33,000 emails. Can you imagine what she said on those emails about classified information?

And, I mean, I just read an article. It looks like Bolton's got himself some big problems, too. He goes out. He was a lowlife. All he wanted to do was go to war with everybody. Total lowlife. And, uh, you know, he comes in, and I knew what I was getting. I was getting a, a maniac. Actually, I used him -- Anytime you brought him into a negotiation with another country, they got scared because it meant, you know, 'cause he's crazy, and it meant you wanted to go war.

That was okay. Never said anything and sit in the corner. I hear he's in big trouble, too. Classified information. And, uh, just read the papers. You see it.

I, I like to refer to the papers 'cause I let Bill Barr handle stuff, and I don't get involved. I could get involved. I could absolutely get involved. And, uh, some -- They had my -- We'll see how it all comes out. Someday I might, but I don't get involved. I let Bill Barr and, and justice handle everything.

What they're doing General Flynn is a disgrace. I mean, what General Flynn did, if you think about it, he didn't lie at all.

The FBI lied. They lied. They set him up, and --

. -- that he has to go through this is incredible. But what really is bad is when you look at Weissmann and all these people, and look at what we found already with the insurance policy, with Strzok and his lover, Lisa Page, right? That insurance policy was, to me, so devastating that that's okay. She's going to win, but in case she doesn't, we have an insurance policy.

All that only means one thing. It means exactly what we went through, and before the election and after, substantially before the election and after. And I would say after is even worse, right? Because, you know, after, I won the election, and now they're still -- they can't even talk about campaigning or anything, and this had nothing to do with campaigning.

These people are stone-cold crooked. These were bad apples.

These were sick degenerates. And now what they've done is they got caught with big stuff. Don't forget, they put people in Jail, and they prosecuted people for telling a like, and in many cases, it's like something that took place a long time ago. I mean, could you tell what -- Do you remember what you said on your cellphone or, or on a tweet three years ago, Dan, you know?

And I said --

Yeah, how about, like, tomorrow?

But he said different. He said different things. He said something different that he did on a tweet three and a half years ago.

We should immediately prosecute him. Hr are people that took evidence, tremendous amounts. Can you imagine what they were saying? You know, we have great tweets, but can you imagine, the ones that were arrested were even more so --

-- what they were saying is incredible. Now we don't know that we're ever gonna get the tweets. Like in Hillary's case, she got a subpoena from the United States Congress. You can't do better than that, right? She said, "Screw you. We're gonna delete it. We're deleting everything" after she got the tweet.

Her lawyer did it, too. Her lawyer should go to jail, and she should go to jail. Now let's see what happens, but I bring it up all the time. I say, "Forget about the emails. Forget about finding 'em. I think they're in the State Department. I'm disappointed that the State Department hasn't produced 'em, if you wanna know the truth, but I think they're in the State Department, and I think Christopher Wray could produce them also very easily.

But, uh, he's chosen not to look too hard, I guess. But I think the FBI has 'em, and I think -- And by the way, we have somebody fantastic in John Ratcliffe. He's doing a fantastic job.

Rick Grenell was a superstar.

Rick Grenell was incredible. What we learned from Rick -- Rick was good.

Yes.

It's a lie. Yeah, it's a lie.

Right.

I'll do that. No, he lies every -- Oh, the worst lie was about the soldiers, that I stood over a grave --

-- and called them suckers and losers in front of all -- That was the worst thing. I have never had -- That's called disinformation. You know that better than anybody.

They are running a total disinformation. They make a claim. It's all made up, but they got that from, uh, Clinton's friend, right, you know, from that stupid magazine which is dying. But they g -- they took this lie, and they put ads out, and I said, because of that, the gloves come off. Joe has had it.

Joe is -- was a dumb guy a long time ago. He was hale and hearty. That's all he had going. He was hale and hearty. He was a toucher. He was a feeler. And a long time ago, you know, he was a warm kind of a guy, but dumb, dumb as a rock. I once asked a certain senator that was on their side, believe it or not.

I get along with both of 'em.  You know, when I was in private, I got along with both.

Uh, equal opportunity. I said, "Who's the smartest guy in the Senate?" Gave me a name. Then he said -- I said, "Who's the dumbest?" He said, "Oh, Joe." I said, "Joe who?" "Joe Biden."

He's the dumbest guy in the Senate. Now this was in primetime. This was probably 25 years ago. This is in primetime. "Who's the dumbest guy in the Senate?" "Joe Biden." That was primetime. Now he's probably 30, 40% of what he was. He's a disaster.

And this guy can't be dealing with President Xi and Putin and, and Kim Jong-un. We will be a laughingstock throughout the world if he ever got in. And the only reason I talk that way, I would never do that, Dan, but when he put the ad in the soldier -- So they knew it was phony. You know, we had 28 witnesses step forward to say it was a false statement.

It was totally false, the article. They had a source. There was no source. But we had 28 sources that b -- that are out in the public saying it, okay, including generals. So when he did that, I said that's okay. Now I can say the, uh, the real truth. This is a dumb human being. He always was, but now he's way off his game, and he shouldn't allow -- They shouldn't allow him to be president.

He's going to destroy our country. He has no idea. He was for fracking last night, and yet if you watch the debates --

-- he was against it every time. He can --

He can say, "I was against it." He was strongly against fracking. He said, "Did you hear me? I was -- I am against it." Okay, three weeks later, he's saying, "I'm in favor of fracking." Uh, now he took a middle ground because it got so heated for him. Now what's happening is when he does that, the radical left is gonna vote for me because they like my stance on trade.

They don't like me, and they don't like a lot of other things I'm saying, but they do love me in trade, 'cause I'm the best ever in the history of our country on trade, 'cause I know that every foreign country, especially our allies, but every foreign country kills us on trade, and I've stopped it. I've taken tens of billions from China and all that stuff.

I gave it to the farmers. I gave it to, to Treasury. But, uh, look what I'm doing with TikTok. I mean, nobody would have done anything with TikTok, and, you know, we'll see how that all plays out. We have some great companies want it, but if it doesn't work out, they're gone.

So, uh, a lot of things are happening, but when he made that vicious ad and put it, knowing it was a phony deal, uh, he did that, and that's what they're doing. They're doing disinformation. They make up a lie like about taxes. They make up a lie about Social Security. I'm the one protecting Social Security.

He's gonna destroy it because of what he's doing, because of what he's doing. If you look at what, what -- He'll destroy this country. This country, they're gonna raise taxes massively. $4 trillion. He admits to $4 trillion. When you admit to $4 trillion, that means it's going up more. You know, not -- You're not admitting on the high side.

So he admits to $4 trillion. This country is gonna have a great year next year if I'm elected. Stocks are going up. The biggest headwind on stocks. You know, the stocks are just about at a record. The biggest headwind is the possibility he could get elected. You will have a crash. You will have a depression like you've never seen before in this country.

And I'm good at that stuff, but .

Right.

The best, The best numbers in history. The best numbers in history.

That's right.

Right.

Right.

Well, I talked about it last night. We had a tremendous rally in Wisconsin last night. I'm going to Minnesota tonight. We have a chance to win Minnesota, not traditionally Republican, but because of what I did in Minneapolis. You know, I just -- We sent in the Guard, and we stopped it. That was crazy, what as going on.

They were gonna rip -- That city wasn't going to exist, and we sent -- And just, before we get off, by the way, it's all, everyone, blue states' problems. They, They have tremendous crimes. Take a look. It's not red states. We don't have red states -- Red states are doing great, meaning Republicans are doing great.

The Democrats have allowed Chicago, New York -- Look at New York, our beautiful New York that you loved and I loved.

Crime up 300% in some cases, 158%.  Chicago, 57 people shot last weekend with eight dying. Now we're pulling out of Afghanistan. We're almost out. We're, We're just about out of everything, and then you know, we're getting very close to getting out totally. Should've never been there, by the way.

But we're pulling out. But we don't have -- You don't have shootings where eight people died and 50 people got shot.

And you're talking about Chicago, run by a Democrat mayor, radical left, has no clue, no clue whatsoever. And we could stop that, but they don't want our help. I mean, the greatest would be Portland. I could stop that in a half-hour. That's easy. They're anarchists. They're together. They're spoiled kids, for the most part.

They live in the basement of their mother's home --

-- and father.

And, uh, some of 'em are rich, but they're, you know, they have a lot of padding, because they wanna look like your muscles, but they don't have your muscles.

You know, they put padding in their sleeves. They come in with the black, with the black jackets.

And they start swinging sticks at people, bare sticks, you know, like, uh, really bad sticks. But they start swinging bats and sticks, and, and, uh, then you have Christopher saying, "It's an ideology." No, these are thugs.

You saw my response.

Yeah.

Ah, it's a very sad thing. It's very sad. It's, It's an incorrect statement. Sometimes I have to correct people, but it's an incorrect s -- No, these are thugs, anarchists. They're agitators. They're bad people. Uh, they'd like to see an overthrow, and I didn't -- That's not gonna happen. No, the country has great spirit.

You know what was happening? It was coming together. We had the best numbers in the history of our country, and it was actually starting to unify, and then we got hit with the China plague. But we had, uh, we had the best numbers in the history of our country, and it was coming together. People say, "When can you unify?" Success will unify.

Next year, we're gonna have a better year than we had last year, you watch. And, you know, you see it happening already. It's a super V. And we have...But, you know, the Democrats are in our way. They have, uh, Pennsylvania's closed down. North Carolina's closed down. Michigan's closed down. These states are closed down.

It's a horrible thing, what they're doing. They shouldn't be doing it. But that's the story. But you are -- I am so proud of you. I knew you when you were --

-- not quite as successful. I think we can say that.

I'm so glad --

Yeah, I'm proud of the job you did.

You've been incredible. From day one, you get it.

And I think big things are happening on the front that you're most interested in.

Yeah.

Well, it's become, it's become powerful because the mainstream, or lamestream media, as they say, it's crooked.

It's 100% even more crooked than Hillary Clinton. It's crooked. I mean, you know, it's just really terrible. It's like I watched the, uh, the Joe Biden thing, and it, it was like softball. I've been interviewed by Anderson Cooper many times.

Never easy. I never saw anything that was just served up.

And then I did Stephanopoulos, and I didn't ask for anything. I don't need, you know, I don't, I don't ask for anything. I just go and do it. I, I think we did a good job, got very good reviews. But, But, you know, when you look at it, the media's crooked, 100%. So this is the way we can get our voice out.

I have hundreds of millions of followers, and, you know, it -- it's more than they have, a lot more than they have, and you do. You're doing so great, and --

-- you're a very important source of information, Dan.

Your shows are very important shows, so I congratulate you.

Thanks, my friend. Take care of yourself, Dan. See you soon. Bye.