Well, thank you very much. And how good is Mark?

He's on fire.

I'm Donald J. Trump, and I approve this message.

Well, I agree with that 100 percent. And we need safety. We need security. We can't defund our police. And we can't abolish our police. They want to abolish our police. And as far as the surplus equipment, I have given out hundreds of millions of dollars. This is stuff that was sitting in storage houses all over the country.

It wasn't even old, but it was never going to be used again. It was gathering dust. And I gave it out to all of our police forces all over the country, saved many, many police lives and many lives, I think, period. It was really -- a lot of it was protective equipment. And I know that President Obama and Biden didn't want to give it out.

They thought it was terrible to give it out. It made the police look too strong. And I gave it out, and I have been thanked by every police department.

Well, first of all, New York City is not recognizable. Crime is way up. Shootings are way up. Murder is way up. It's just unbelievable. Chicago -- what's going in Chicago -- and we're looking at it very seriously, because we're going to have to do something. We have asked them. We're really supposed to be asked to come in and help the federal government.

And we have the greatest people in the world, and we can solve it. But we are supposed to be asked. So, the mayor or the governor of Illinois should be asking. But they don't want to ask. And you look every weekend and every week in Chicago, it's just numbers that are not believable. Atlanta is starting to have some problems.

So, we are ready to act. And, at some point, we may have to act anyway. We may have to do it sooner, rather than later.

A hundred percent. We were going in. We were going in very soon. We let them know that. And they, all of a sudden -- they didn't want that, so they went in before we got there. And -- but we were going and very shortly, very soon, and we would've taken the CHOP, I call it, CHOP. We would have taken it back very easily.

But they went in. And, frankly, the people just gave up. They were tired. They had it for a long period of time. But because of the fact that we were going to go in -- now, if you look at Minneapolis, after four or five days of horror, we called them. We said, you got to get out the National Guard. We insisted that they do it. When the National Guard finally got out, they walked through it like a knife goes through butter.

That was the end of their problem. That was it. It was a great job done by the National Guard. And, yes, we were all set to go into Seattle. Frankly, I looked forward to it.

So, first of all, I saw the interview. And he's a lovely man. I spoke to him at length, and with his friend, who is a great guy too.

I actually invited them down to the White House at some point, when they get -- when they get -- when they get adjusted, because it is so tough. I mean, what he is going through is so tough. And he was treated very badly. They didn't even tell him what had happened, when it had happened. Very sad thing. But I did speak to him.

And I had a great, but very sad conversation. And so, he will be coming down. When he's ready, he will be coming down to the White House. I will say, look, they have to be tough. They have to be smart. What's going on there -- and, you know, the Chicago police is terrific. The New York police, New York's finest, they are just not being allowed to do their job.

They don't want to do anything, because they will end up -- they will end up with lots of bad things happening to them. They are not letting them do the job. And I dealt a lot with Mayor de Blasio. I was very nice to Mayor de Blasio. I got him ventilators when he needed them. I got him hospital help when he needed it. I got him everything he needed.

I got him the gowns. I got him the masks. I got him everything, the shields. I got that man everything. I spoke to him many times. He couldn't have been nicer. And then he throws a big Black Lives Matter sign right down in the middle of Fifth Avenue. And all merchants along Fifth Avenue are furious. They are furious.

And the whole city is furious. The city is a city that's enraged. And...

Everything I did -- and I'm -- it's almost -- it was almost a test, Sean. But I was so good to him and to Governor Cuomo, like nobody has ever been good. And all you end up doing out of that place is get prosecuted and have a lot of trouble. So, New York is not the place that it was. Everyone's leaving. They're moving to Florida.

They're moving to other places. It's very sad, actually, to see what happened.

Right.

Well, I don't think it's the age, because I was with Bernie Marcus. I think he's 91. He is so sharp. He's as sharp as ever. He's great, the founder of Home Depot, one of the founders, great guy. And I deal with other people in their late 80s, early 90s, and they're 100 percent mentally so sharp. Sheldon Adelson is an example, and others, many others.

I could -- and they -- they're mentally 100 percent. But Joe is just -- look, let's face it, he's been taken over by the radical left. He has no clue what they are doing and what they're getting him into. This is worse than Bernie Sanders at his -- at his best. And you look at the deal they made with Bernie Sanders now in the group.

It's all crazy, radical left stuff. And Joe is never going to be able to fight it, even if he disagreed with it, which I actually don't think he does. I think they -- you know, there is an expression, an old expression, was used badly in old time ago in politics. I think they brainwashed him. They brainwashed him.

He doesn't know where he is. He doesn't know what he's doing. And our country will suffer. Our stock markets will crash. Bad things will happen. They will defund the police. They will abolish the police. It will be maybe a backlash, or maybe it'll just go to hell, like Venezuela.

Well, the answer is yes, absolutely. But he -- he meant the COVID tests, the COVID tests. He didn't mean cognitive. He meant COVID.

Well, I know. But he didn't mean that, because you don't have those tests that often. He said, I take them all the time. And, no, he meant to COVID. But I think he was confused by the questions and the words and everything else. He didn't mean that, because he hasn't taken any cognitive test, because he couldn't pass one.

I actually took one when I -- very recently, when I -- when I was -- the radical left were saying, is he all there? Is he all there? And I proved I was all there, because I got -- I aced it. I aced the test. And he should take the same exact test, a very standard test. I took it at Walter Reed Medical Center in front of doctors.

And they were very surprised. They said, that's an unbelievable thing. Rarely does anybody do what you just did. But he should take that same test. But, no, he has been totally taken over, and I think it's because he doesn't understand what's going on. I watched him today. I watched him over the last couple of weeks.

And I look forward to debating him, but it looks like he wants to try to get out of the debates. I think we are doing very well in the polls. I think, if you look at the different states, I think we are doing very well. We are rapidly rising. I was with the president of Mexico yesterday. We had an incredible day.

We have tremendous Hispanic support. We have tremendous African American support. I think we have great support, period. You look at the boats, you look at the bikers, you look at everything that's happening in our country, there is great spirit, spirit like nobody's ever seen before, actually. And there's no spirit for Joe.

Well, first of all, the mortality rate -- and Dr. Fauci is a nice man, but he's made a lot of mistakes, like, you don't have to ban them coming in from very infected China. I did it anyway, and we saved hundreds of thousands of lives. I banned Europe from coming in, when Italy and when France and Spain were having all the problems, and we saved hundreds of thousands of lives.

A lot of people said, don't do it. They have been wrong about a lot of things, including face masks. Maybe they are wrong, maybe not. But a lot of them said, don't wear a mask, don't wear a mask. And now they are saying, wear a mask. So, a lot of mistakes were made, a lot of mistakes. Let me just make one statement, though.

We do testing like nobody's ever done testing. And when we test, the more you test, the more cases you find. Other countries, you know when they test? And I ask them all. They test when somebody's not feeling well or when somebody walks into a hospital. So they don't have tests. They have tests that are very, very limited.

We have these massive -- 40, 45 million people have been tested. It's a record. And our tests are the best. So, we have cases all over the place. Most of those cases immediately get better. They get -- people -- they're young people. They have sniffles, and two days later, they are fine. And they are not sick to start off with.

They are asymptomatic. A lot of things happen. And what we are doing is, with all of these tests that we are doing all over the country, test everybody, test, pull-up parking lots, everything else, what we have done is, we have created a tremendous number of cases. Everybody else -- can you imagine if China tested like we test?

They don't. Can you imagine if other big countries, the bigger countries, tested like we -- or Germany. We have tested many, many, many times, even proportionately, the number of people that other countries have tested. But I was with, as an example, a great gentleman yesterday, the president of Mexico. And they are having a hard time, especially in Mexico City.

They test when somebody is sick or when somebody goes into the hospital. And that is a different way of doing it, and it's just fine. And we are testing and creating -- it's the greatest thing that ever happen for the opposite party, but we are doing something that nobody has ever done to the extent, and we are doing a great job.

But we have a mortality rate, think of this, that's tenfold better than any other. We -- what we are doing is incredible, if you look. You have heard the numbers, tenfold. We have fewer people dying. And our people have done an incredible job. And one other thing. We are very well on the way to a vaccine, very well on the way therapeutically, therapeutics.

We're very well on the way. We have a lot of great things happening. We already do. We do have some that are very effective, or at least effective. And a lot of very good things have happened, a lot of really good things. They're doing a great job. But the testing is just showing up all these cases. And if you turn the news on, you will see it's always the word cases.

They don't talk about death, because deaths are way down. They talk about cases, all the time, cases. And those cases get better. They -- in most -- most cases, in almost -- I mean, literally, in most cases, they automatically cure. They automatically get better.

Right.

Right.

Well, we do. And we have done a great job, in that we have created a supply chain that's incredible. On ventilators, we are making thousands a week. On PPE, we are doing great. We do. But I think it's fine to wear a mask, if it makes you feel comfortable. I think, under certain conditions, like when you are going into a hospital -- I will be going to Walter Reed to see some of our great soldiers that have been injured, badly injured, and also see some of our COVID workers, the people that have done such a great job.

And I expect to be wearing a mask when I go into Walter Reed. You're in a hospital setting. I think it's a very appropriate thing. I have no problem with a mask. I don't think you need one you're tested all the time, everybody around you is tested, you're quite a distance. You talk about social distancing.

You're away. Like, I watched Biden walk onto a stage with his -- practically -- like, today, there was almost nobody in the room. He's making a speech. And they have these massive circles. And the circles are very far away from each other to start off with. And then they have just a few people in the audience.

And he makes a speech. And he walks onto the stage wearing this massive mask. There's nobody on the stage. And then he takes it off. He likes to have it hang off usually the left ear. I think it makes him feel good, frankly, if you want to know the truth. And I guess that's OK. But when there's nobody around, you don't really have to do that.

But he feels it's good. And I'm OK with it, if he wants to do that. He's got the largest mask I think I have ever seen. It covers up a big proportion of his face.

And I think he feels he looks good that way.

Yes, I think, if I'm in the right setting, if I'm with soldiers, people that -- I don't want to spread anything. And it's -- a lot of it is, it's you spreading, not them spreading.

It's you spreading. No, and I don't want to cause a problem for anybody. No, I have no problem with masks. But it's got to be done at the right time. Now, I'm usually fairly isolated, as the president, so I'm fairly isolated. Everybody's tested before they come in. They...

No, I know, but it's -- they do a great job. They really do a great job. No, I have no problem with masks. That's up to you.

That's right.

Right.

Well, a ship ventilation system is very much -- they circularize. And they are very much under review, to be honest with you. But we did a great job with the Comfort. We did a great job with the Mercy and the Comfort. In Los Angeles, we had a great ship, very -- a sister -- sister ship, a really terrific operation.

But when we moved it in, there was -- they didn't send us people. And then they said, could you convert it to COVID? Because it wasn't meant for that. It was meant for operations. But it wasn't getting used, and so the governor asked if we could convert it for COVID. And we did. And they didn't use it. And we took -- the Javits Center did a phenomenal job in record-setting time.

A matter of days, we converted into a massive, like, 2,600 units, and they didn't use it, or very little did they use it. And I said, what are you doing with all of these requests, and then you're not using it? What's going on? And if they would have used that, instead of nursing homes, they wouldn't have lost thousands of people in the nursing homes.

They could've put people in the Javits Center or they could have put them in the ship. But they put them back in nursing homes. And they were badly infected, and then they ended up hitting the people that are most vulnerable, and thousands of people died.

Well, first of all, I'm under tax audit, OK? So, I mean, they treat -- the IRS treats me just like they used to treat the Tea Party, except worse. And I'm under tax audit. I have been for a long period of time. We made a deal a long time ago. And once I ran for politics, that deal was like -- we didn't make it. So, I am under a continuing audit.

And anybody that did that or showed that, before you have it finalized, but they treat -- they treat me horribly, the IRS, horribly. It's a disgrace, what's happened. We had a deal done. In fact, it was -- I guess it was signed even. And once I ran or once I won, or somewhere back a long time ago, everything was like, well, let's start all over again.

It's a disgrace. So, I was disappointed. And, at the same time, it was -- because I think we -- a president should get protection from thousands of prosecutors out there, thousands all over the country. They could go after you. And you're supposed to be running the country. I will tell you, Justice Alito wrote a totally brilliant decision.

He wrote something today that really got it.

Justice Thomas, likewise, was great.

They were the two that came. So, it was -- look, it basically sends it all back, and we start all over again. I guess that is what it means.

Well, first of all, President Obama and Joe Biden spied on my campaign. They knew everything that was going on. They were in the rooms when everyone was talking about it. These people all worked for them. I know how the White House works, I guess I can say now, better than anybody. And they knew everything that was going on. They spied on my campaign.

I said it a long time ago. Nobody believed me. And now it turns out to be fact. So, let's see what happens. But they were the head of it. And it was Comey and Brennan and everybody else, Clapper. And those guys all lied to Congress, and bad things happened, and Strzok and Page, the two lovers, and many other people, many other people.

When you look at -- I could go down a list of lots of people. They were spying on my campaign. It was totally illegal. If that were the other way around, the people would be in jail for 50 years, and it would've started two years ago. It's a disgrace, what's going on. We caught them, 100 percent. As far as General Flynn, he's a great hero.

He's a great gentleman. What they are doing to that man, they have destroyed that man. But he will come back. He's going to come back. Roger Stone was treated very unfairly, unbelievably unfairly. And I watched that, and I thought it was incredible, the way that man was treated...

-- including with the jury forewoman, who was -- it was disgraceful. And the judge, the way she treated him, I think it was a disgrace that they didn't give him a retrial, Roger Stone. And Papadopoulos, I mean, you -- they have a tape of his conversation. If anything, he is like -- it was a perfect -- as I said about my conversation.

I turned out to be right. It was a perfect conversation that Papadopoulos had. And they destroyed him too and put him in jail for two weeks. So these people -- and Paul Manafort, what they did to that man is a disgrace.

I am always thinking. I am always thinking.

So, you will be watching, like everybody else in this case. You will be watching.

But Roger Stone...

-- Papadopoulos, Manafort, what they did to that man, what they did to that man, putting him in solitary confinement. Al Capone, the great gangster, the ultimate gangster, was never in solitary confinement. You know, what they did to -- what they did to him was just incredible. And, you know, look, it's a very sad thing.

Here's a group. We have them cold. They lied. They leaked. They did everything. We have them already. We could get -- they could get more evidence, it doesn't matter. They have them cold. I hope that they act. I hope that Lindsey Graham does something with the Judiciary Committee. We have all the evidence they need.

Now, maybe they're getting new stuff. I let them handle that. But the Judiciary Committee should act.

And it's also -- like, people don't like to say, it President Obama. He knew everything. He was probably in charge of it or was in charge of it. Joe Biden, you know, I don't know if he knows where he is, but he was there. He knew everything.

That's right. That's right.

That's right.

And, by the way, Christopher Steele was just adjudged guilty in London...

-- or wherever on what he said about other people with his fake dossier, his phony, disgusting dossier. And he is a part of it too. There are many people part of it that you didn't even mention. You don't have enough time. They have all been caught. Now let's see what happens. But they have all been caught.

And they spied on the campaign. You could call it treason. You could call it many different things. But it's very serious. And, so far, nothing's happened...

-- because the other side is vicious. And I guess the Republicans, they are just not vicious. They're just not -- it's very sad to see. But we have some great ones, though, I will tell you, when you see Jim Jordan, and you see Meadows, and you see Devin Nunes, and you see many of them, many of them, Lee Zeldin.

And Kevin is fantastic, Kevin McCarthy. What a job he's doing. We got some -- we have some great ones. But they are straight players. They are very straight players. And the other side, they are not straight players. It's a disgrace, what's happening. And then you look at what's going on in Democrat-run cities, and how horrible it is. And the media is totally corrupt.

When I say totally, largely. There are some very fine people I know in the media, some very honorable people. But, largely, it's corrupt, not even fake. It's corrupt.

Well, first of all, I didn't know I was criticized for that answer, because it's a simple question. First of all, we're going to defeat the invisible enemy. And that's -- and we are well on our way, and, again, as I told you, the mortality rate is tenfold down. We are going to rebuild the economy. We're going to bring back jobs from all of these foreign lands that have stolen our jobs on horrible trade deals.

We are going to continue to make great trade deals. We're going to finish rebuilding our wall. We're going to finish. We're going to have that. It's going to be almost complete by the end of this year. Shortly thereafter, it's finished. It's made a tremendous difference. You see, we're doing record numbers on the border.

Very few people are able to get through. We are rebuilding with our military. We have rebuilt the military, $2.5 trillion. We are fixing up the VA for our vets. What -- the job we have done there, between Choice and Accountability. We have Choice, where they have -- they can go out and get a doctor if they are sick.

They don't have to wait for five weeks, six weeks, two weeks. So we are doing great with the vets. And the vets are loving Trump. We are protecting our Second Amendment, so important. We need more judges and more justices. You see that now with the Supreme Court more than ever. And the next president -- I have had two -- and the next president is going to be able to pick two or three or one or whatever, but a lot of justices.

And that means everything, whether it's for life or other things. I mean, it means so much. But protecting the Second Amendment, getting more judges, all of the things that we have done, nobody's done what this administration has done in the first three-and-a-half years. Nobody's even come close, when you look at everything that we are doing.

Now what we're doing is working on lowering drug prices and knocking out special interests, because it's not easy. We're fighting for choice. We did it for the veterans. Now we are doing it for school too. We want choice in school, so a parent can take their child to a school of their choice. And that's happening, very good -- very, very well.

And we have many things we are doing and many things that we have already completed. And you can't do more than what we have done. I think we have set records on every -- we actually set a record on judges. We are going to be -- by the time of the end of this year, we will be up to almost 300 federal judges.

And that's a record. That's incredible, including D.C.

Right.

Yes.

OK. Well, first of all, the border wall is doing incredibly well. We are moving along. And we are up to about 250 miles already. We will have -- by the end of the year, it will be close to finished. It might take an couple extra months, but we will have it. And it will be -- it's had a huge impact already, because we're about halfway finished.

The economy, it's one of the -- it's the thing. The economy is starting to really do great. We are going to have a great third quarter. We are going to have a great fourth quarter. And next year is going to the best, I think one of the best years that we have ever had.

And that is the way it looks.

You know, the two jobs numbers that you mentioned, the 2.8 and the almost five million, those are record numbers in history. We have never created jobs to the level that we have now. And before the China plague came in, the China virus, whatever you want to call it came in, we were beating everybody so badly, including China.

We were beating everybody. China had the worst year they had. The tariffs have hurt them. They had the worst year they have had. And we have taken in billions and billions of dollars in tariffs. They had the worst year in 67 years, whereas we had the best year we have ever had. And then we got hit with the plague.

But now we are rebuilding it. And it's going much faster than anybody thought possible, a V.

Well, I like his voice being heard, but he's always going to be for us. I mean, he's going to be for us. And his wife is going to be for us. But I like...

I mean, he can't -- the problem, he's missed some states, little thing like that. He's missed a few states, like about 12. So, you have to do that. But he's a very good guy. He is a person that I get along with very well. And, in the end, I think he would support us over anyone else. But, you know, if he does or not, look, we have to stop the radical left from taking over our country, ripping down our great heroes.

They are ripping down our heroes. When they take down those statues and those monuments, they're rip -- when they take down George Washington...

-- and they take down Abraham Lincoln, and Ulysses S. Grant, and when they take down these people, an abolitionist, people that -- think of it. Abolitionists are being -- because I think most of them don't even know what they are doing. But it's very destructive.

And we are not going to be Venezuela.

Thank you very much, Sean. Thank you.