Hi, Michael. I miss you. How are you?

Great.

Really good, and I will tell you, uh, you know, I'm a little surprised. It was, I had a temperature, I was a little weak, we don't wanna have weak, uh, in ya, in the, in the gene, and I was not exactly thrilled. But, uh, and I tested, you know, very positive, like uh, 10 days ago or whatever it was.

And, uh, all of a sudden, Michael, I, I took this, uh, Regeneron, uh, and it was, uh, it was... And maybe I woulda been gotten better anyway, you know they say 99 point something, right?

Uh, you know Mi --

Absolutely. I --

That's what --

Yeah.

Ah man, absolutely. We had a good time, Mike. We had a good time, and you've been my friend, and you've been there right from the beginning. When you --

Yeah,

I think we're winning in Florida, I think we're winning in Pennsylvania, I think we're winning in Ohio, big, I think we're winning in, uh, Arizona, I just got some polls. They're phony...

...polls. They're fake polls. The -- they're worse than stories, you know, they're worse than when they write stories. They're fake news. And I had the same thing last time, much worse, I mean last time, I think it --

Nine states, I was expected to lose all nine, and I won all nine states.

I think, I think they view that. I doh -- I think she's not an asset, but, uh, and he's certainly not an asset, he didn't even remember Mitt Romney's name yesterday which was --

That --

Yeah, if that were me it woulda been a whole different ball game, you know, with him they give him 'lotta passes. But, no, I think we're doing well, I think we're gonna win, and I think, uh, you know, we're much, much closer than last time. And you know what they're called, suppression polls, and they suppress, they try and suppress the vote.

People say, "Hey, I love Trump, but we're not gonna..." You know --

...have dinner. And, uh, you know, it's just a suppression poll, but I'm going to Pennsylvania in a little while, we're gonna have 25,000 people. We had had 41,000 last night, you probably saw that, and he --

He gets 30 people, Michael, he gets, like, 25, 30 people.

Yep.

Mm.

We're watching that very closely, Michael, the, uh, the whole ballot thing, and, y -- I mean, not a day goes by where you don't see, you know, ballots all over the place with Trump name on it, like they had the military ballots with Trump's name on it thrown in a waste paper basket.

Yeah, no, I, I see the stories.

So, it's all Democrat states, it's all Democrat cities, every one of 'em. These are thugs, the Antifa's no good, and, you know, the governors, Democrats, they have to ask us to come in, we went into Minneapolis and solved the problem in half an hour, we just...

-- a week later, so the place was half burned down.

But in Minneapolis we solved it. We could solve it in Portland in 25 minutes.

you saw last week, where I sent in the US Marshals to get the guy that shot the young man in the street.

him, they ended up killing him. I mean, he, he was a bad guy. But, uh, so it's all Democrat run. They have to, you know, unless you want to send in the military, which you don't want to get into that, you don't need that. But, uh, all Democrat run, and we send in our people and we solve the problem in two minutes.

I, you know, as an example, Seattle. Seattle was a mess, we said we're coming in. As soon as we said we're coming in, everybody gave up. They all gave up.

Well, they think it's gonna help 'em in the election. It's not gonna help 'em, I don't think it's gonna help 'em at all. And I think we're gonna announce phenomenal third quarter numbers. 'Cause you know, we're doing great. Now, New York is down and another state is down, and Pennsylvania and, uh, North Carolina, and we won a couple of cases.

You know, we won in Michigan where they found it unconstitutional what she was doing. But, uh, no, we're opening them up. And, and then the World Health Organization came out yesterday, you saw that, and they announced that lockdowns aren't good to cure.

I say --

Yeah, didn't, uh, it didn't get much publicity, but they came out yesterday. No, I think we have it good. The, the economy's good, the stock market's close to a record. People's 401Ks are very strong. And you know, Biden's gonna come and quadruple taxes, he's gonna charge taxes at a level that nobody's ever seen, it's gonna get, you'll end up in a depression.

I'll tell you that, you'll end up in a de --

Yeah. So in the end we're gonna grow our way out of it, 'cause the economy's really big and it's really, really strong. And if we didn't have the big foundations you wouldn't, I mean, you wouldn't, you'd have a disaster right now. We're looking like it's a V. And this was all caused by China, they should have never let it happen, Michael, you know.

It just all came out of China, and they should have stopped it. But the fact is that, uh, we are gonna grow our way out of it very quickly once we get started. We were there, you know, we were... If you go back seven months ago... In fact, not only we were there, we would have, we started getting along with people that you wouldn't have believed we would have gotten along with.

There was success, and then the, uh, COVID came in, the China virus came in. But no, we'll grow our way out of it very, very quickly. We were there, that was going to happen, and then it, you know, the, the other thing happened, and it's one of those things. But --

Good.

They were very slow, and frankly, if we weren't, if we didn't do what we did, you would have had two million deaths, you would have had two million more deaths. You know, it was estimated to be 2.2 million. And I'm not saying 210,000, any one death is too much.

This should have never happened from China. But, uh, we could have had 2 million, 2.2 million deaths. Uh, we, the job we've done, I heard you talking about vaccines and other things. But you know, the therapeutics, I think frankly the cure, I took something that was so good, the antibodies. I mean, for me, uh, a day later, two days later I was feeling very, very good.

And it's --

It regenerated. Yeah, that's exactly right. I think you're --

Yep.

Well, I do. I think, uh, judges, we, I have 300 judges, uh, by the end of the term, first term, which is a record, and three Supreme Court judges. If you look at, uh, what's going on today with Amy, she's doing a fantastic --

Yeah.

No, no. She's fantastic. So yeah, I have three Supreme Court justices. But, no, I'm very proud of that because I, I know you're a big fan of Israel and, and what we've done, nobody has done what we've done with, between Jerusalem and Golan Heights, and, and frankly, breaking up the, uh, Iran deal which would have been a disaster for Israel.

And --

So --

Yep.

Well, I have built a mili-, we built a military. We have 2.5 trillion into the military. We have the greatest weaponry ever, and we need that, Michael. We have to have that, you know? We have to have that. But, uh, no, I, I think we've done a job like nobody else. Actually, the other side, the so-called professionals that have been doing this for 40 years, they can't believe what we've been able to do.

And we have many countries right now that want to come on.

Yep.

Well, I've actually done that and we've got them cold, and we're going to push it very strong, but we've caught them and I have declassified everything. Everything's been, virtually everything's been declassified. And, uh, honestly, we caught 'em cold. It's a disgraceful thing that happened. You know, then they talk about the peaceful transference of power, but there was nothing peaceful about it 'cause they were after me before I even got elected.

So --

But --

Well, we haven't stopped either. But we've got --

...but we've got... cold, Michael. We --

We have no choice that there was 'cause --

Go ahead.

Maybe, I don't know, but I, I, I don't even think about it. A lot of people ask me that question... The energy or the spirit. But I just love what I'm doing, and we're doing a great job. And no administration has done what we've done in the first three and a half years between the military, the tax cuts, regulation cuts, all of the judges.

You know, 300... of it, by the end of the term, 300 federal judges. It's unheard of... Records.

Yeah.

Well, you know, a lot of people said that was the one they wanted. Everybody was talking about her and... Her professor, I saw this professor who's a longtime professor, a lot of brilliant students, he said, "The most brilliant student I've ever had was Amy." And, uh, you know, it's pretty, pretty amazing stuff.

She's doing a fantastic job.

Well, you know, it's interesting 'cause it hasn't been brought up much today and, at all. Maybe --

Backfired.

She's been

I will tell you that though because I don't take vitamins. I've never taken vitamins. But --

Well, tell me now. Go ahead, tell me.

Come on, Michael, I heard you talking about the vaccines. But Regeneron, you do think that's something pretty amazing?

Amen.

.

Yeah.

Yeah.

That's true. W-, uh, the World Health Organization came in yesterday and finally admitted that I was right. And it's true. But I w -- I will say this, I'm leaving in just a few minutes for Pennsylvania ...

...you have an unbelievable crowd and, and I look forward to doing it. You're right, I caught it and you fight it off. And you have to fight it off and it's just one of those things. And then they say you're immune. Now, I don't know how long, whether it's four months or a whole lifetime, nobody really gets .

She is doing fantastically, she says hello. I said I would be speaking to you. It's great to speak to you too, actually.

Well, there was, we had, uh, and right from the beginning, you know, you were sort of saying, "That guy's got a really good shot", and I always remembered that. You know, not everybody said ...

Wow. Michael, I appreciate it. And I think we're going to win. I think we're going to win by maybe a lot. But we'll... If -- if -- if it's two votes, it's okay. But you know what? I think we're going to win by maybe a lot. And you know, when we have 25, 30,000 people every time I stop, that's your best poll.

That's, those ...

I will.

Okay.

It's good.

Okay.

Thank you, Michael, it's an honor and I will see you soon. You take care of yourself.