How are you?

Okay.

Thank you very much.

Good, good.

Sure.

To an extent. I also think in terms of the downside. I do. I've been given a lot of credit for positive thinking, but I also think about downside because only a fool doesn't.

I think you have to have a positive outlook. Otherwise, you would have nothing without a positive outlook. I think we've done an incredible job, between the ventilators and stopping very infected people from China coming in, meaning putting the ban on China, which frankly nobody wanted me to do, practically nobody because it was very early in January.

Then putting the ban on Europe, not an easy thing to do. When you put a ban on Europe, that's a big thing. We would have probably lost hundreds of thousands of lives more had I not done that. And all of the experts, every one of them, not one of them wanted to do it. They thought it was too severe. Three months later, they're all saying, I'm glad you did it.

Look, look.

Nobody knew what this thing was all about. This has never happened before. 1917, but it was a totally different, it was a flu in that case. Okay? But other than 1917, there's never been anything like this. And by the way, if you watch the fake news on television, they don't even talk about it. But you know, there are 188 of the countries right now that are suffering, some proportionately far greater than we are.

Okay? As bad as we are.

Some proportionately greater than we are. Right now, right now, Spain is having a big spike. There are tremendous problems in the world. You look at Moscow, look at what's going on with Moscow. Look at Brazil, look at these countries what's going on. This was sent to us by China, one way or the other, and we're never going to forget it. Believe me, we're never going to forget it. And we were beating China at every single point.

We were beating them on trade, we were making progress like nobody's ever made progress. Before the pandemic, they had the worst year, Jonathan, that they've had in 67 years. You know that. With the tariffs and everything else I did, we would taking in billions of dollars. I was giving some of it to the farmers.

The farmers were doing well because they were targeting the farmers, I was targeting China. We were doing good. Then all of a sudden, the game changed, and I had to close it down. I closed down the greatest economy ever in history.

Well, wait. And then, I closed it down. And now we're opening it. And we saved, by the way, by closing it down, we saved millions of lives. If we would have gone to herd and we knew very little about the disease, if we would've gone herd, we would have lost millions of people, millions of people. One person's too much.

We're at 140,000 people. One person is too much. We're at 140. We would have lost millions of people. And those people that really understand it, they really understand it. They said, it's incredible the job that we've done. And again, I bring it up, the ban --

Banning China from coming in far earlier --

What's that?

Nobody knew the extent. Nobody knew how contagious it was. You know What? Maybe China knew.

By the way --

Excuse me, Jonathan, we had a 19,000 seat stadium and first of all, we had 12,000 people, not 6,000, which you reported and other people reported. But you couldn't even get in. It was like an armed camp.

Because they had 120 Black Lives Matter people there and Tulsa --

Excuse me, wait. And Tulsa, well, because that area was a very good area at the time. It was an area that was pretty much over. After, after, a month later, it started going up. That's a month later, but Tulsa was a very good, Oklahoma was doing very well as a state. It was almost free. It spiked a month later, a month and a half, two months later.

But it was a good area. We had a tremendous crowd, we had tremendous response. It was like an armed camp. You couldn't even get through. You couldn't get anybody in. But we had 12,000 people. It was incorrectly reported. The other thing we had that nobody wants to talk about, so Fox broadcast it. It was the highest rating in the history of Fox television Saturday night.

It was the highest rating.

Well, wait a minute. You're saying something. That speech was the highest rated speech in the history of Fox television on Saturday night. And nobody says that.

I'm just saying this. I'm just saying this. At the time... And I canceled another one. I had to cancel it and we were going to have a great crowd in New Hampshire, and I canceled it for the same reason.

Well, what's your definition of control?

Yeah. Under the circumstances right now, I think it's under control. I'll tell you what --

They are dying. That's true. And it is what it is. But that doesn't mean we aren't doing everything we can. It's under control as much as you can control it. This is a horrible plague that beset us.

Well, I'll tell you, I'd like to know if somebody... First of all, we have done a great job. We've gotten the governors everything they needed, they didn't do their job. Many of them didn't and some of them did. Someday we'll sit down. We'll talk about the successful ones, the good ones. Look at that smile.

The good ones and the bad. We had good and bad. And we had a lot in the middle, but we had some incredible governors. I could tell you right now who the great ones are and who the not so great ones are, but the governors do it. We gave them massive amounts of material.

By the way, not get worse like the original flow. You understand that.

But If you look, Arizona's going down. Texas is going down, and Florida is going down.

No, I'm not going to get bored. I never get bored of talking about this, it's too big a thing.

And again, it should have been stopped by China, and it wasn't.

We have it here.

No, I think I'm very consistent. No, this is a very serious thing. We have 140,000 people at this moment.

This is a very, very serious situation. And what you have to do, is handle it the best it can be handled. And again, I'm working with the governors. I got them tremendous amounts of equipment that they would have never gotten. Jonathan, they wouldn't have equipment now, if I didn't get.

Well, we have great testing. We're doing and many other people do --

Let me explain the testing. We have tested more people than any other country, than all of Europe put together times two. We have tested more people than anybody ever thought of. India has 1.4 billion people. They've done 11 million tests. We've done 55, it'll be close to 60 million tests. And there are those that say, you can test too much.

You do -- And there are those that say you can test too much. You do know that.

Oh, just read the manuals, read the books.

Read the books. Read the books.

What testing does --

Let me explain. What testing does, it shows cases. It shows where there may be cases. Other countries test... you know when they test? They test when somebody is sick. That's when they test. And I'm not saying they're right or wrong. Nobody has done it like we've done it. We've gotten absolutely no credit for it. But we've come up with so many different tests.

The only thing that we have now is some people have to wait longer than we'd like them to. We want it --

We want point to point. We want to have a five minute to a 15 minute test.

And we have... and like many others --

And, from what I understand, we're close to 50% where it's point to point tests. We are making thousands of instruments, thousands of tests right now, tens of thousands that can be distributed to various parts of the country. But you have to understand. And we've even sent some of them to other countries where they had a big problem.

Jonathan, almost 50%, in fact, I think the number might be over, is immediate testing. The other is tough. You take a test. You have to send it to a laboratory. Let's say that takes a day. Let's say it's a day.

So, it's three, or four, or five days.

There is nothing you can do about that.

I think that you will have that relatively soon. I mean --

You already have half.

I would much rather get back to you.

Because I don't want to have you write in one month, I didn't make it.

I missed it by a day.

And it's a headline.

Excuse me. One thing I would say about testing.

Because we test so much, we show cases. So, we show many, many cases. We show tremendous number of cases. I know you're smiling when I say that, but I'm telling you.

I know. Other countries don't test like we do. So, they don't show case.

We're testing so much because we had the ability to test.

Because we came up with test --

Jonathan, we didn't even have a test. When I took over, we didn't even have a test. Now, in all fairness --

There was no test for this --

Excuse me. I was going to say --

There was no test for this. We didn't have a test because there was no test.

And, in a very short order, we got one test. We got another test.

We got another. Many of those tests are now obsolete because it's called science.

And, all of a sudden, something is better. But, because we tested so many people, 55, 60 million people, very soon, we get cases. You test. Some kid has even just a little runny nose. It's a case. And then, you report many cases. So, we look like we have more cases than massive countries like China, which by the way, doesn't report, as you know.

No. No. The point is --

The point is, because we are so much better at testing than any other country in the world, we show more cases.

Okay. No, no.

If you look at death --

Let's look. Let's look.

Take a look at some of these charts.

We're going to look.

And, if you look at death per --

Here is one. Well, right here, United States is lowest in numerous categories. We're lower than the world.

We're lower than Europe.

Look. Take a look. Right there. Here is case death.

You can't do that.

You have to go by where... look. Here is the United States. You have to go by the cases. The cases are there.

What it says is, when you have somebody where there's a case --

The people that live from those cases.

No. Because you have to go by the cases.

You don't know that.

You don't know that.

I won't get into that because I have a very good relationship with the country.

But you don't know that. And they have spikes. Look, here's one of --

Here's one. Here's one right here, United States.

You take the number of cases.

Now look, we're last meaning we're first.

We have the best.

Take a look again. It's cases.

And we have cases because of the testing.

No, but you're not reporting it correctly, Jonathan.

If you take a look at this other chart... look, this is our testing. I believe this is the testing. Yeah.

No, wait a minute. Well, don't we get credit for that? And, because we do more tests, we have more cases. In other words, we test more. We have... now, take a look. The top one, that's a good thing not a bad thing. But the top... Jonathan --

Well, they don't even --

Well, they very rarely talk --

If you watch the news or read the papers, they usually talk about new cases, new cases, new cases.

Well, you look at death.

Death is way down from where it was.

Death --

Death... excuse me. Where it was is much higher than where it is right now.

It spiked, but now it's going down again.

It's gone down in Arizona. It's going down in Florida.

It's going down in Texas. Take a look at this. These are the tests.

Yeah. It leveled out and it's going down. That's my report, as of yesterday.

It is going down in Arizona. It is gong down in Texas.

And it is spiked. It spiked and is now going down in Florida. It's evened out and going down in Florida.

But you have to look at this. This is the number of tests compared to the rest of the world.

Right. And, because we've done more tests, we have more cases.

Now, you can take them back. Check it out in your office.

Right. Right.

No. That was a phone call to discuss other things. And frankly, that's an issue that many people said was fake news.

I think a lot of people. If you look at some of the wonderful folks from the Bush Administration, some of them, not any friends of mine, were saying that it's a fake issue. But a lot of people said, it's a fake issue.

But we had a call. We had a call talking about nuclear proliferation.

Which is a very big subject where they would like to do something. And so would I. We discussed numbers things. We did not discuss that. No.

I have never discussed it with him. No. I would. I'd have no problem with it.

But you know it never got to --

It's interesting. Nobody ever brings up China. They always bring Russia, Russia, Russia. If we can do something with Russia in terms of nuclear proliferation, which is a very big problem.

Bigger problem than global warming.

A much bigger problem than global warming in terms of the real world, that would be a great thing. No. It never reached my desk.

You know why? Because intelligence, they didn't think it was real.

They didn't think it was worthy. I wouldn't mind. If it reached my desk, I would have done something about it. It never reached my desk because --

I do.

I read it a lot.

I read a lot. They like to say I don't read. I read a lot.

I comprehend extraordinarily well, probably better than anybody that you've interviewed in a long time. I read a lot. I spend a lot of time at meetings. Usually it's once a day or at least two or three times a week, intelligence meetings.

Talking about India, talking about the problems with China.

Talking about so many different elements of the world.

The world is a very angry place, if you look all over the world. We call up. I see a 22 soldiers were killed in India with China fighting over the border. It's been raging for many, many decades. And they've been fighting and back and forth. I have so many briefings on so many different countries, but this one didn't reach my desk.

Well, we sold them weapons when they were fighting Russia too. When they were fighting with the Taliban in Afghanistan --

Well, it's a different... I'm just saying. Yes.

I'm just saying we did that too.

I don't know. I didn't ask Nicholson about that. He was there for a long time. Didn't have great success because he was there before me. And then, ultimately, I made a change.

I don't know. When you say arming is --

Paying or they --

I have heard that but, again, it's never reached my desk.

Hey, Russia doesn't want anything to do with Afghanistan. Let me just say about Russia. Russia used to be a thing called the Soviet Union. Because of Afghanistan, they went bankrupt. They became Russia, just so you do understand. Okay? The last -- Went bankrupt, they became Russia, just so you do understand, okay?

The last thing that Russia wants to do is get too much involved with Afghanistan. They tried that once. It didn't work out too well.

And by the way, we're largely out of Afghanistan, as you probably know.

No, you're wrong. No.

Okay. Are you ready?

We'll be down in a very short... It's already planned.

Let me explain. We'll be down in a very short period of time to 8,000, then we're going to be down to 4,000. We're negotiating right now. We've been there for 19 years.

19 years.

We'll be getting out.

We're now --

We'll be at 4,000. I'll get you the exact --

Very soon. Very soon.

Very soon. Yeah, very soon.

I don't want to tell you that. I don't want to tell you.

What is? That is --

I've always said --

We will get largely out --

Probably anywhere from four to 5,000.

No, it's not. We had --

We had much more. We had a lot of people over there too.

A lot of people. And we did a good job. We wiped out ISIS. Let me just tell you what you don't see.

We took out, in Syria, we took out ISIS. We a hundred percent of the caliphate. When I took over Obama, it was totally rampant. ISIS was all over the place. We took them out. We captured them. We killed them a hundred percent, not 99%. I wanted to get out at 99. Everyone said, "Oh, please, would you stay?" I stayed.

99% was good, but a hundred percent of the caliphate. We took out Soleimani. We took out al-Baghdadi. We took out people that nobody thought possible. Al-Baghdadi was the biggest terrorist of them all. They couldn't find him. I took him out. Soleimani, even bigger. I took him out. I've done things that no other president's done.

None. I mean, fortunately, not too many. They should have never been in the Middle East. The decision to go to the Middle East and get into the Middle East was the single biggest mistake made in the history of our country. That's my opinion.

Well, Hillary Clinton never accepted them.

I mean, she doesn't accept them and she got beaten very easily.

Grumbled? Grumbled? She wrote books about it.

And don't use the word grumbled.

She wrote books about it.

She got beaten easy.

306 to 223. That's a lot. That's a lot.

I'll tell you what it looks like.

Let me tell you what it looks.

So we have a new phenomena. It's called mail-in voting, where you send, where a governor --

Well, it's new --

In terms of kind of the kind of millions and millions of ballots. They've never done anything like that.

Bigger? Not bigger, massively bigger.

So they're going to send tens of millions of ballots to California, all over the place, to who's going to get them. I have a friend who lives in Westchester County --

His son passed away. He had a beautiful, wonderful son. Young man. Passed away seven years ago. He called me, he said, "I just got a ballot for my son, Robert."

He died seven years ago. Somebody got at ballot for a dog. Somebody got a ballot for something else. You got millions of ballots going, nobody even knows where they're going. You look at some of the corruption having to do with universal mail-in voting... Absentee voting is okay. You have to apply, you have to go through a process.

Absentee voting is good. Look, you're sending it out --

Jonathan, they're sending out --

Governors, millions of ballots. There is --

There is no way you can go through a mail-in vote without massive cheating.

Go ahead.

Correct.

Let me tell you. We have no choice.

Let me tell you. You ready?

We have no choice because right now, we have, but we have many court cases that we're waiting. We have one filed in Western Pennsylvania. We have many court cases where we're trying to end it. We went through World War I, you went to the polls, you voted, we went through World War II, you went to the polls, you voted.

And now because of the China virus, we're supposed to stay home, send millions of ballots all over the country, millions and millions. You know, you could have a case where this election won't be decided on the evening of November 3rd.

This election could be decided two months later,

It could be decided many months later.

You know why? Because lots of things will happen during that period of time. Especially when you have tight margins, lots of things can happen. There's never been anything like this when you try... Now, of course, right now, we have to live with it, but we're challenging it in many courts, as you know, all over the country.

Well, first of all, I don't know that, but I do know this --

Her friend or boyfriend --

Was either killed or committed suicide in jail. She's now in jail. Yeah, I wish you well, I'd wish you well, I'd wish a lot of people well. Good luck. Let them prove somebody was guilty. I mean, you do know that she --

Well, her boyfriend died in jail and people are still trying to figure out how did it happened? Was it suicide? Was he killed? And I do wish her well. I'm not looking for anything bad for her. I'm not looking bad for anybody. And they took that and made it such a big deal --

But all it is is her boyfriend died. He died in jail. Was he killed? Was it suicide? I do, I wish her well.

No, no, no, no, no, no. No. No.

here you go, the fake news.

No, no.

For 59 days, these people were anarchists and agitators, and some protesters, but these were anarchists. These people were beating the hell out of the city. They were beating up our federal buildings and our federal courthouse. We told the police to stop it. You make sure. And the police wouldn't do it. Not the police --

Excuse me.

You're trying now to blame law enforcement instead of anarchists --

Instead of Antifa.

It's Antifa and anarchists that are causing the problems, not law enforcement. Our law enforcement, if we didn't have people at our courthouse, and they're strong, tough people, and they don't want... They try and be very good, believe me. But if we didn't have people there, you would have your federal courthouse, a $600 million building, you would have that thing burned to the ground right now.

Okay, let me tell you about unmarked.

Well let me tell you about unmarked.

First of all, these are Homeland Security people. They're securing a courthouse.

They're Homeland Security.

Border, hopefully they have ICE in there.

Hopefully they have ICE. Now, do you know why they're unmarked?

Because these terrorists, these Antifa people, these people that are at anarchists and agitators, when they see the name on a uniform of a person, a policeman or a law enforcement person, they find out where that person lives. And then they go and they scare the hell out of the person's family. And so they do it for that reason.

It's just common... There's nothing secret about this. And you know it. You see what's going on right now. We have Chad Wolf. They have people. He's doing a fantastic job. He's the acting head. He's doing a fantastic job. Chad Wolf has pickets and very dangerous looking people outside of his house. He's going to be just fine.

He's tough and he's got people, but if you have the names on all of these uniforms, you'll have these maniacs in front of their houses, scaring their family and their wives or husbands, whatever it may be. I think it's a very good reason not to have your name. Why should you have identification? "My name is Bill Smith and here's where I live and I'm a member of-"

No, no, that's a serious concern.

Why? Why are they being detained?

You know why? You know why they're being detained? Well, --

Well, I haven't seen the result yet. Let me see the result.

No, I think that actually --

I think Antifa should be investigated, not the law enforcement. They're investigating, think of --

Have you been watching television -- They're investigating --

Have you been watching television?

Have you been seeing the violence?

Now, if you watch NBC News like I watch NBC fake news. I'm watching it. Lester Holt, real beauty. I'm watching this NBC News sham, and you have a mayor named Wheeler and he's standing out there and he's being accosted by the people. You know that. I mean, it's horrible what they're doing to him in Portland, the mayor of Portland and he thought he'd go out.

He'd be a man. What they were doing and saying, and everything else to him, I happened to watch it on a different station. He had to get out. He had five security guards.

He got out with his life. Okay.

Wait. If you watch NBC News, they make them like he's standing there bravely fighting with the people, in a positive sense, that everything is wonderful. No. He went out there. He's lucky he got away with his life because they would've killed him. He had five guards, but NBC News showed it like he's standing with the people for justice.

Look, those people, take a look at what they've done to the courthouse. Take a look at what they've done to the streets. Take a look at the violence.

Actually, it's getting better. We had a very good... We've arrested a lot of people and we now have a 10 year rule. You try not to knock down our courthouse --

You touch our courthouse, you go to jail for 10 years.

These are Democrat-run cities.

And they're doing it for political reasons.

I have.

Criminal justice reform, opportunity.

Well, Black Lives Matter started off to me very badly because it was --

... pigs in a blanket, burn them like bacon. That was the first time I ever of Black... That was three, four years ago. Pigs meaning policemen. Pigs is what they're referring to, in a blanket, fry them like bacon. So I got off to a bad start. I got off to a very bad start.

And so did --

I would. But I think right now when they paint --

... the sign. Nobody's asked for a meeting, right? I've never been, nobody's ever asked me for a meeting. Let me tell you with African Americans, I'm doing very well. They had the best employment numbers they've ever had. They had the best job numbers they've ever had. They were making more money than they ever made.

We were all set until we got hit by China with the virus. Jonathan, there was actually, we were becoming a very unified country.

Because of success.

Well, I hope not. I hope not. Certainly the --

The knee on the neck was a disgrace. Okay?

It was a disgrace.

I hope the answer to that question is no. Does anybody really answer that question accurately? Does anybody really know?

I have seen where there is a difference and I don't want there to be a difference. I don't like that there would be a difference. But with that being said --

Police have killed white people --

... in larger number, police have killed white people.

That I don't know --

... but I don't like it.

I don't know why, but I don't like it. I do know this --

... that police have killed many white people also.

It speaks to something, if that's the number?

Okay. If that's the number, it speaks to something that to me is unacceptable.

Well, I think we've already done a lot of things --

Let me just tell you.

I've done a thing called criminal justice reform.

And your friend President Obama couldn't get done.

He tried, but he couldn't get it done. I got criminal justice --

I got opportunities on, I took care of the historically Black... If you look at what I've done for colleges, for Black colleges and universities, I got them funding. Obama never did it. I did more for the Black community than anybody with the possible exception of Abraham Lincoln, whether you like it or not.

People say, "Oh, that's interesting."

I think I did, yeah.

Because I got criminal justice reform done, I got prison reform --

I've done things. Well --

Ask. Ask. How has it worked out? If you take a look at what Lyndon Johnson did?

How has it worked out? Because frankly, it took a long time, but for African Americans --

... under my administration, Jonathan, under my administration, African Americans were doing better than they have ever done in the history of this country. So I did a lot, job numbers, all of it, money. They had money, they were getting great. Their percentage was up, their housing ownership was up. They did better than they've ever done until we got hit --

... and now you know what we're doing? I'm building it up again. We're going to have it. Next year will be a great year, unless it's screwed up by somebody that doesn't know what he's doing, which could happen, but I don't think it will.

I don't know. I really don't know. I don't know. I don't know John Lewis. He chose not to come to my inauguration. He chose... I never met John Lewis, actually, I don't believe.

I can't say one or the other. I find a lot of people impressive. I find many people not impressive. But no, but I didn't go --

He didn't come to my inauguration. He didn't come to my State of the Union speeches, and that's okay. That's his right. And again, nobody has done more --

... for Black Americans than I have.

He should've come. I think he made a big mistake by not showing up.

He was a person that devoted a lot of energy and a lot of heart to civil rights, but there were many others also.

I would have no objection to it if they've like to do it.

Would have no objection to it whatsoever.

Well, thank you very much. Great honor.

Thank you. Okay, thank you.