Well, that was very well stated, I have to say good job.

Thank you. Thank you.

Nothing whatsoever. I feel great. I feel good. I was in North Carolina today and did a big rally with tremendous turnout, and I just feel really good. Florida, Pennsylvania, we're all over the place. It's been great.

Yeah.

Well, I'll tell you what happened. I didn't feel good. I didn't feel strong. I had a little bit of a temperature. The doctors at the White House are fantastic as you can imagine and they really didn't want to take a chance, and they said let's go to the hospital. I said that's OK. I'm going to re -- you know, respond to what you say and we went over to Walter Reed, where you have tremendous professionals.

They gave me Regeneron and Remdesivir, both and I just -- all I know is I felt good. The following day I felt really good.

No, but they said the lungs are, you know, a little bit different, a little bit, perhaps, infected and, uh --

I don't know. I mean I didn't do too much asking. I -- I really felt good. I didn't have much of a problem with the lungs. I did have a little bit of a temperature. Obviously, I felt there was something missing and then I tested, you know, I tested positive and --

Yeah and there shouldn't be.

Yeah.

Well, I test quite a bit and I can tell you that before the debate, which I thought it was a very good debate and I felt fantastically. I was -- I had no problem before.

Well, I don't know. I don't even remember. I test all the time, but I can tell you this, after the debate, like I guess, a day or so. I think it was Thursday evening, maybe even late Thursday evening, uh, I tested positive. That's when I first found out about it.

Yeah.

I had no problem. Again, the doctors do it. I don't ask them. I test all the time and they --

You know if you ask the doctor, they'll give you a perfect answer.

They take a test and I leave and I go about my business.

I probably did and I took a test the day before and the day before and I was always in great shape, and I was in great shape throughout the debate. And it was only after the debate, like a period of time after the debate, that I said that's interesting and they took a test and it tested positive.

No, no, but I take a lot of tests.

Uh, possibly I did, possibly I didn't. But you know, the doctor has very accurate information and it's not only that doctor, it's many doctors. The one thing as you -- if you're President, you have a lot of doctors, you're surrounded by. But I was in great shape for the debate and sometime after the debate I tested positive --

And that's when they decided, I said let's go.

Yeah.

Yeah.

Well, they do a lot of testing in the White House. They test everybody including me, but they test everybody and something happened. But as far as the masks are concerned, I'm good with masks. I'm OK with masks. I tell people, wear masks. But just the other day, they came out with the statement that 85% of the people that wear masks catch it.

Well, that's what I heard and that's what I saw. And regardless -- but everybody's tested and they're tested often. And I also knew that, hey, I'm President, I have to see people. I can't be in a basement. I can't be in a room. I can't be -- I have to be out.

I can but people with masks are catching it all the time. I mean if you look at the Governor of Virginia, he was known for a mask. If you look at Thom Tillis, a great guy. He always had a mask and they caught it.

Yeah.

I know this.

Well, I mean, he has to say that. I think it's great. He's a friend of mine. He's a good guy and wrong or not wrong. You have to understand, as President, I can't be locked in a room someplace for the next year and just stay and do nothing. And every time I go into a crowd, I was with the parents of our fallen heroes.

These people are the most incredible people. And they came up to me and they would hug me and they would touch me, and I'm not going to not let them do it. To be honest with you.

A Gold Star event with the most incredible people you've ever seen and I could have chosen not to talk to them or to keep everybody away. And you know what? As -- and I don't think that's probably where it was caught, but maybe it was.

No, I don't know where it came from.

You don't know where it came from and the doctors don't know where it came from, but as the President, I have to be out there. I also know --

I mean, let's see Kamala. She's got people now, the people have it, and I'm not blaming her. I'm not saying, oh, she did a terrible thing. As President, I have to be out there. I can't be in a basement. I can't be locked in a very beautiful room someplace in the White House. And I want to see the Gold Star families and I want to see everybody.

And I also say to people all the time, it's risky doing it. It is risky doing it. It's risky seeing people.

But many people are catching it.

Many people are getting this disease that was sent to us by China and it shouldn't have been allowed to happen. But many people are getting this and I mean, nobody's being blamed. Everybody is working hard to get this thing out of our country. Get it out of the world. Look at what's going on in Europe, massive spikes.

They've done a very good job. But now you take a look today at the U.K., you take a look at Spain and France, and Italy, there's tremendous spikes.

Well, I have things right here that will tell you exactly the opposite.

So the U.K. is up 2,500%, because I knew you'd be doing this. I know you very well. The U.K. is up 2,500%, the EU is up 722%, and the United States is down 21%.

Excess mortality -- excess mortality, we're a winner on the excess mortality and what we've done has been amazing and we have done an amazing job. And it's rounding the corner and we have the vaccines coming and we have the therapies coming. And I'll tell you what, one thing when I got it, I had a choice, do nothing or use some of the things that we're looking at.

In this case, Regeneron and Eli Lilly makes something that's supposed to be incredible. And I think that maybe I wouldn't be doing this discussion with you right now. We have therapies now and cures, maybe you can use the word cure, but we have therapies that are absolutely incredible Savannah.

I believe we're rounding the corner.

Right, right. That's right.

Yeah. Yeah.

So the cure can not be worse than the problem itself. We did the right thing. We were expected to lose 2.2 million people or maybe more than that. We're at 210,000 people. One person is too much, it should have never happened because of China. It happened because of China and you have to get that and understand that, but it shouldn't have happened.

But we were expected to lose -- if you look at the original charts from original doctors who are respected by everybody, 2.2 million people.

We saved 2 million people.

No, if we -- if we did --

I left North Carolina which I loved. I left Pennsylvania. We won a big case in Michigan because that Governor has a lockdown, where nobody but her husband can do anything. He can go boating and do whatever he wants but nobody else can. The fact is, we're winning all these cases because it's unconstitutional what they're doing.

And I think they're doing it for political reasons. But act is, the cure -- you can't -- you can't let this continue to go on with the lockdowns.

I believe that on November 4th, you have a lot of these Governors. Look at what's happening to New York. New York is a mess. They lost almost 40,000 people. They have a lockdown like you've never seen. Now they're open. It's like a ghost town. People --

People -- and Savannah it's very important. People are leaving New York by the thousands. And you're going to have a hard time ever building it up again.

So -- so the cure, that so-called cure that you talked about, it can't be worse than the problem. The problem is a bad problem.

It's OK. That's fine.

Oh, you always do this. No, you always do this. You've done this to me and everybody --

I denounced white supremacy, OK.

I denounced white supremacy for years, but you always do it. You always start off with the question.

You didn't ask Joe Biden whether or not he denounces Antifa. I watched him on the same basic show with Lester Holt and he was asking questions like Biden was a child.

Are you even -- are you listening? I denounced white supremacy.

What's your next question?

Hesitant, here we go again. Every time, in fact, my people came. I'm sure they'll ask you the white supremacy question. I denounced white supremacy.

And frankly, do you want to know something? I denounced Antifa and I denounced these people on the left that are burning down our cities, that are run by Democrats who don't know what they're doing.

So I --

Yeah. I know nothing about a QAnon.

I know you told me, but what do you tell me doesn't necessarily make it fact. I hate to say that. I know nothing about it. I do know that they are very much against pedophilia. They fight it very hard, but I know nothing about it.

If you'd like me to study the subject. I'll tell you what I do know about, I know about Antifa and I know about the radical left and I know how violent they are and how vicious they are, and I know how they are burning down cities run by Democrats, not run by Republicans.

He may be right. Can I be honest? He may be right. I just don't know about QAnon.

I don't know. No, I don't know. I don't know. You tell me all about it.

Let's waste the whole show. Uh, you start off with white supremacy, I denounced it. You start off with something else, let's go. Keep asking me these questions. But -- but let me just -- let me just --

Let me just study -- but what I do hear about it is they are very strongly against pedophilia and I agree with that. I mean, I do agree with that.

I have no idea. I know nothing about it.

No, I don't know that.

And neither do you know that.

Why aren't you asking about Antifa? Why aren't you asking me about the radical left?

Why aren't you asking Joe Biden questions about why doesn't he condemned Antifa? Why does he say it doesn't exist.

Haha, so cute. Antifa exists. They're vicious, they're violent, they kill people, and they're burning down our cities, and they happen to be radical left.

I know nothing about it. It was retweet. That was a -- an opinion of somebody and that was a retweet. I put it out there. People can decide for themselves to take a position.

No, no, no, that was a retweet and I do a lot of retweets, and frankly, because the media is so fake and so corrupt, if I didn't have social media -- I don't call it Twitter, I call it social media. I wouldn't be able to get the word out and the word is --

And do you know what the word is? The word is very simple. We're building our country stronger and better than it's ever been before and that's what's happening and everybody knows it.

Do you know what else the word is? We're winning in a lot of states, we're winning in a lot of states, you're going to see that.

Sure we can. And you know --

And you know what, win or lose, that's the way I want it to be. But when I see thousands of ballots, right? Unsolicited ballots being given out by the millions and thousands of them dumped in dumpsters. And when you see ballots with the name Trump, military ballots from my great military and then get dumped in garbage cans --

No, no, it's happening every day.

Oh, really? Well, then he's not doing a very good job. All you have to do is pick up the papers every day, 50,000 in Ohio, the great state of Ohio; 50,000 in another location that's in North Carolina; 500,000 applications in Virginia. No, no, there's a tremendous problem. But let me just tell you, they talked about the peaceful transfer, right?

They spied on my campaign and they got caught and they spied heavily on my campaign. And they tried to take down a duly elected city president and then they talked about, would you accept a peaceful transfer? And the answer is, yes, I will, but I want it to be an honest election and so does everybody else.

When I see thousands of ballots dumped in a garbage can and they happen to have my name on it, I'm not happy about that.

Can I ask you, how -- how can you say that? How can you say that? You do read newspapers.

You do watch the news.

I know you read the news but do you watch it?

Because every day they're talking about ballots that are corrupt, that are fraudulent --

Sure, sure, but you can win the race. Take a look at me. You can win a race by 1%.

You know, I don't want that to happen. Savannah, I want it to be clean.

I really feel we're going to win, but I want this to be clean.

But it's sort of ironic that you and them talk about the peaceful transfer when I spent three and a half years fighting off these maniacs. And now it turns out everything's there, that they were the ones that dealt with Russia and it's too bad.

And a peaceful transfer, I absolutely want that. But ideally, I don't want to transfer because I want to win.

Sure.

How are you?

Thank you very much. It's beautiful.

As -- as what?

Well, I did put it in very early. As you know, Joe Biden was two months behind me and he called me xenophobic and racist and everything else because I put it in, and it turned out that I was 100% right. I also put it on Europe very early because I said there was a lot of infection in Europe. And it's sort of an amazing question and I appreciate the question and respect the question.

But the news doesn't get out the right answer because I put on a travel ban far earlier than Dr. Fauci thought it was necessary, who I like. Far earlier that the scientist -- I was actually the only one that wanted to put it on and I did it, actually against the advice of a lot of people, including Nancy Pelosi who had no clue what she was doing and Biden.

When I put on the travel ban -- and you know, I put it on in January, at the end of January. When I put on the travel ban, Joe Biden and others said this is ridiculous. You don't do that. Well, Dr. Fauci said I saved thousands and thousands of lives. I was early, I was extremely early when I put on the travel ban.

I read that, but, no, he didn't.

No, he didn't. I read it someplace, maybe Woodward said it or something, but, no, he did not say that but I knew it was a big threat. At the same time, I don't want to panic this country. I don't want to go out and say everybody is going to die, everybody is going to die.

No, no, no, there's not a middle ground. You have to be safe, you have to be vigilant, and you have to be smart.

Good.

We'll  you out.

Thank you.

Right.

Right.

Right.

So it's happening. We just set a record, 11.4 million jobs. We are going to have a phenomenal third quarter, which will be announced on November 1st. Just prior to the November 3rd day where I think you will see a red wave, but we're going to have a tremendous announcement I believe. I mean we're going to find out, but GDP is going through the roof.

Jobs, uh, real estate, houses, so many things are happening. So people are saying we're going to have a 42% unemployment. Look, this was a thing that came into our country and it happened 100, more than 100 years ago and it happened now. They were talking about a 42% unemployment rate.

It came out --

It just came out at 7.8% unemployment and people can't even believe it. Our economy is going to be -- next year, if we don't have somebody that raises taxes and quadruple's taxes, which they want to do and kills everything. Our economy is going to be phenomenal next year. We're going to have a phenomenal -- and I'll tell you, Savannah, when we had the greatest economy in the history of our country last year, including the state of Florida where we are now, in Pennsylvania and North Carolina, every place.

We had the greatest economy we ever had. We had to close it down. We saved 2 million lives. We're opening it up. We have a V-shape and it's coming back, it's coming back very fast. One other thing, we really helped the hospitals. We've sent billions and billions of dollars to the hospitals. In addition, hundreds of millions of masks and gowns and we went into the ventilator business because this country was not equipped with ventilators.

And I'm not blaming anybody for it, but we're now making thousands of ventilators a month and we have all we can use. We're sending them all over the world because the world needs them. So they've worked very hard and really very, very effectively. Thank you. Great question.

No, because I was OK with the masks. I was good with it, but I've heard many different stories on masks. I mean, I had -- you know, being President, you have people. They bring meals, they bring this, and I had an instance recently, were a very wonderful person is bringing me a meal and he's playing with his mask and he's touching his mask all over the place and then he's bringing a plate in.

And I'm saying, well, I don't know if that's so good. I mean the good news, I didn't eat it, OK? I did not eat it. This was a month ago, but I -- look, look, you have on the masks -- you know you have two stories. You have a story where they want and a story where they don't want. I am all for it.

Yeah. And you have other people that disagree.

Scott Adkins, if you look at Scott, Dr. Scott. He's from -- great guy, Stanford. He will tell you that --

Oh, I don't know. Look he's an expert. He's one of the great experts of the world.

I'm all for it.

Savannah, the University of Washington, and then you have other places that say different things. You have a lot, hey, Dr. Fauci say don't wear a mask, right?

I don't know that he changed his mind. But then you have a report coming out two days ago that 85% of the people wearing masks catch it.

We're on the same side. I say we're the mask. I'm fine with it.

I have no problem. We're on the same side.

Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you very much.

Good. So we got rid of the individual mandate on Obamacare which was the worst part of Obamacare. And now, you could actually say it's not Obamacare because that's how big it was, where you had to pay a fortune for the privilege of not having to pay for bad health insurance. So we got rid of that. That was a big, big thing.

And by doing that -- and we will always have -- by the way, we're always protecting people with pre-existing conditions and I can't say that more strongly. But we've been able to bring healthcare costs way down. Now, I took over Obamacare, got rid of the individual mandate and made it good, managed it much better.

Remember they had the $5 billion website disaster and all of the problems they had. The problem with Obamacare, it's not good. We'd like to be terminate it and we want a much less expensive healthcare that's a much better healthcare and that's where we're aiming. And if we could do that and we have a very good chance of doing it, but we've also brought down the price of Obamacare.

The problem with Obamacare, it basically is never going to be great and I want to give you great healthcare. So thank you very much.

It is a big issue for me, too.

That's true.

That's right. That's right.

In order to replace this with a much better healthcare at a much lower price and always under all circumstances we are going to protect -- the Republicans, I mean maybe I changed the party a lot over the last three years, but we will protect people with pre-existing conditions. And Savannah, what I want to do, get rid of the terrible Obamacare.

I've already done it to a large extent because as you know, the individual mandate is gone. That was the worst part --

No, no, what we have done --

That's right. I'm sorry but if you look, we had both houses and what did we do? We got rid of the individual mandate.

Look, look, we should be on the same side. I want it very simple. I'm going to put it very simple. We would like to terminate it and we would like to replace it with something that's much less expensive and much better. We will always protect people with pre-existing conditions.

And here's the thing, if we don't --

If we don't succeed -- we if we don't succeed, we are running the remnants of whatever is left because we took it apart. We are running the remnants of whatever is left much better than the previous administration, which ran it very badly. But we'd like to have new healthcare, much better, and much less expensive.

You know we've actually passed three packages but -- and we're on our fourth and I agree with him 100%. He should vote for me. The problem you have is Nancy Pelosi. She couldn't care less about the worker, she couldn't care less about our people, and we should have a stimulus. And I want a stimulus, the Republicans will approve a stimulus.

The problem is, she doesn't want to do it because she thinks it's bad for her election. The fact is, she's wrong because people know she's in our way. She's not approving it. She doesn't appreciate our people and she doesn't approve -- appreciated all our workers. Nancy Pelosi, we are ready to sign and pass stimulus, but she's got no approval.

It doesn't matter. That's right.

Did you ever hear of a word called negotiation? We're negotiating, OK? I'm negotiating.

You know what? And do you know who I'm negotiating against? Nancy Pelosi because she doesn't want to give them money. We should have stimulus. This was not our people's fault, this was China's fault, and she's penalizing our people. I'm ready to sign a big beautiful stimulus. You saw the other day, I say go big or go home, right?

I want it to be big. I want it to be bold. I want the money go to directly to the people.

They'll go. Yeah, they'll go. They're going to be very happy.

Because I haven't asked them to because I can't get through Nancy Pelosi.

If Nancy Pelosi and I, through my representatives or directly, I don't care. If we agree to something, the Republicans will agree to it.

How are you?

Nice to see you.

Right.

Right.

That's a great question. We've created more jobs than this country has ever created. We're up to 160 million jobs. We were never even close to that number. We were just heading 160 million jobs. Companies are pouring into our nation because of the tax rate. And if Biden comes in and raises taxes on everybody, including middle-income taxes which he wants to do.

You will blow this thing and you'll end up with a Depression the likes of which you've never had. That's what's going to happen. We have something that's really good. The reason we're coming back so strong is because we've built a very strong foundation. Companies are moving in, car companies and moving into Michigan, into Ohio, into South Carolina and North Carolina, just today.

So what's happening is, they're coming in because we reduce the taxes. Our taxes -- our corporate taxes were the highest in the world and now, they're among the lower taxes. They're not the lowest, but they're among the lowest and what that means is jobs. But also we're doing a very big and we've done that very big middle-income tax package.

So if we get in, we're going to do the middle-income tax package, but it's a great question. And if he comes along and raises rates, all those companies that are coming in, they will leave the U.S. so fast your head will spin. We can't let that happen. Thank you.

OK. First of all, let me answer. What they did is illegal, number one, also the numbers are all wrong with the numbers they released. And just so you understand, when you have a lot of real estate. I have real estate and you know a lot of it, OK? Right down the road, Doral, big stuff, great stuff. I'm very under -- when I decided to run, I'm very under levered, fortunately, but I'm very under leverage.

I have a very, very small percentage of debt compared -- In fact, some of it I did as favors to institutions that wanted to loan me money, $400 million compared to the assets that I have, all of these great properties all over the world. And frankly, the Bank of America building in San Francisco. I don't love what's happening to San Francisco, 1290 Avenue, they're one of the biggest office buildings.

What I'm saying is that it's a tiny percentage of my net worth.

And you'll see that soon because we're doing things. You know we've given -- I think it's 108 or 112 pages of financial detail to elections and you know, we have to file as the President, as any politician, you have to file. Nobody ever looks at that. When they do, they see how incredible the company is.

But more importantly, they see where this debt is. No, I don't owe Russia money. I don't owe -- I owe a very, very small -- it's called mortgages.

People have a house, they put a mortgage on them.

Not that I know of, but I will probably because it's so easy to solve. And if you'd like to do, I will let you know who -- who I owe whatever small amount of money. I want to say two things, number one, it's a very small amount of money. Number two, it's very straight. It's very, very straight, but it's a tiny percentage of the word -- did you ever hear the expression under levered?

I am extremely under levered.

I tell you what, as you know I'm under audit. It turned out that I am under audit. I actually -- excuse me.

Excuse me, no, no, but you accused --

But you accused me of not being under audit previously and so did other people and --

People at NBC and I am under audit so that was --

I am under audit. No person in their right mind would release prior to working out to deal with the IRS and I'll go a step further. I'm treated very badly by the IRS. They treat me very, very badly. You have people in there from previous administrations. They treat me very badly, but we're under audit. It's very routine in many ways, but we're under audit.

They like to change the game, change the rules, do everything. You saw what they did with the Tea Party people. You saw what they did with the religious groups.

No, except common sense and intelligence and having lawyers who say -- because I would love to release them and as soon as we come to a conclusion, I will release them and very gladly. But if you go to elections and if you take a look, you'll see 112, I think it's 112. It talks about the income which is rather massive.

It talks about all of the properties. They have them listed. You can never learn more, but do you know what happened? People went there, all the reporters went there, it was like a feeding frenzy. This was originally when I filed it and I file it every year. I update it every year. My son is here, they run the company.

I don't run the company. You know --

Because that's a statutory number, it's a statutory number. It's not that --

I think it's the filing number. You pay $750, it's a filing -- a filing fee.

No, no, no, I can tell you this if they have my tax returns as you know they have to go to jail. It's illegal but their numbers were wrong. But let me tell you what else. I don't owe money to any of these sinister people. This has been going on for years now, Russia, Russia, Russia. It turned out to be a hoax and it turned out to be that Hillary Clinton and the Democrats were dealing with Russia, not me.

It's a whole hoax. So I would not mind at all saying who it is, but it's very small -- when you look at vast properties like I have and they're big and they're beautiful and they're well located. When you look at that, the amount of money, $400 million is a peanut. It's extremely under levered and it's levered with normal banks, not a big deal.

Thank you.

Thank you.

Thank you, Adam.

So when I was elected and when a President is elected, they're elected for a period of four years and Justice Ginsburg said it best. I think talking about President Obama having to do with somebody else that the President is put there for four years, not for three years. So during this fourth year, it happened to come up, unfortunately, because I had great respect for Justice Ginsburg, but a vacancy happened to come up and we pick somebody that's outstanding.

She has been an absolute star and I'm extremely proud of it. But again, plenty of time. I mean there's plenty of time. We've got to do it before the election, but we also have much time after the election. But there's no reason to wait because it's almost unanimous it seems to me, certainly within the Republican party, and frankly, most of the Democrats within closed rooms.

I guarantee you that. This is an outstanding person and I'm using my fourth term. And you know, if you look at it, that if you put the shoe on the other foot if they had this, they would do it 100%. So there's been 29 times when this has happened, all 29 times a President has done exactly what I've done.

So --

Yeah.

So I have a lot of respect, by the way, for --

I have a lot of respect for Judge Garland, no one will tell you that. But I'll tell you, the whole ball game changed when I saw the way they treated Justice Kavanaugh. I have never seen any human being and I'm not just talking about the Supreme Court. I have never seen a human being treated so badly with false accusations and everything else.

I have never seen anything like it. And you know what, the truth is, Savannah, like it or not, the ball game changed a lot. There has never been anybody treated so badly as now Justice Kavanaugh.

Yeah.

I think she'll have to make that decision. I don't think she has any conflict at all. You know a Supreme Court judge does not have -- let me -- they can make their own decision. The -- the -- and they actually have additional power to make that decision. It would be totally up to her. I would think that she would be able to rule either for me or against me.

I don't see any conflict whatsoever. We have an election coming up. I think it's the most important election in the history of our country. If for any chance and it probably won't and I hope it doesn't ever get to the Supreme Court. But if it did, I would think that she would rule one way or the other, I would think so.

I have no idea.

Believe it or not, I've never asked her about it. I never talked about it. I didn't talk about any of the obvious things that you could talk about, and I think a lot of people in my position might. But in speaking to a lot of very brilliant people and people that do this for a living, they say it's better not to talk.

So I talked to her about life. I talked to her about the fact, would you like to do this? Are you willing to do this? Because it's a tremendous burden. The answer was yes. She's unbelievably well qualified, but I never spoke to you about these various questions.

Thank you very much.

Well, again, I'm not ruling on this, and Roe v. Wade is something that a lot of people would say, obviously, you're going to speak to somebody. I also -- two other great justices, Justice Gorsuch and Justice Kavanaugh. I never spoke to them about Roe v. Wade. I never spoke to them about election laws. I never spoke to them about anything.

And I've done the right thing from a moral standpoint, I don't even know from a legal standpoint, but it was the right thing. I think depending on what happens with Roe v. Wade, I think that perhaps it could get sent down to the states and the states would decide. I also think perhaps nothing will happen.

I have not talked to her about it. I think it would be inappropriate to talk to her about it and some people would say you can talk to her about it. I just think it would be inappropriate.

I would -- I would like to see a brilliant jurist, a brilliant person who has done this in great depth and has actually skirted this issue for a long time, make a decision and that's why I chose her. I think that she's going to make a great decision. I did not tell her what decision to make. And I think would be inappropriate to say right now because I don't want to do anything to influence her.

I want her to get approved and then I want her to go by the law. And I know she's going to make a great decision for our country along with the other --

Many of them would, perhaps most of them would.

I am telling you I don't want to do anything to influence anything right now. I don't want to go out tomorrow and say, oh, he's trying to give her a signal because I didn't speak to her about it. I've done the right thing in so doing. How she's going to rule, you're going to find out perhaps or you might not find out.

I mean it may never get there. It may never get there. We'll see what happens.

Hi, Cindy. Thank you.

Thank you very much.

Right. I fully understand the question and I saw everything that you saw over the summer and it was a terrible thing, a terrible thing to watch. We were very strongly -- we have a Senator named Tim Scott from South Carolina. He came up with a bill that should have been approved, that was great. It was a bill that was strong in terms of law enforcement and strong in terms of enforcing the proper thing and doing the proper thing by law enforcement.

And the Democrats just wouldn't go for it. They wouldn't go forward at all. And I don't know why because it was a really great bill. But I do have to say this and some people don't like it when I say it, but a lot of people agree. I have done more for the African-American community than any President with the exception of Abraham Lincoln, criminal justice reform, prison reform, historically Black colleges and universities.

I got them funded. They were a year-to-year basis. They could have been put out of business. As soon as our country had a little bad year, they would have said I'm sorry, we're not going to fund you. I've got them a 10-year funding and financing and more than they even asked for. I became very friendly with a lot of the heads but we've done more.

And of course, Opportunity Zones. But criminal justice reform, everybody said it could -- it could not be done. President Obama and Biden never even tried to do it. They never even tried. But I say that and I say it often and I'll say it loud and I'm very proud of it. And I have a great relationship because of what I've done with the African-American community.

I'm very proud of it. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you very much.

Thank you. Thank you.

Right.

Right.

Yeah.

And the DACA, DACA is somewhat different than dreamers you understand that and you understand better than anybody probably in this room. Where do you come from, by the way, originally?

That's very good. OK. So we are going to take care of DACA. We're going to take care of Dreamer. We -- it's working right now. We're negotiating different aspects of immigration and immigration law. We built now over 400 miles of border wall, Southern border. Mexico is working very closely with us. We have the strongest border we've ever had.

We want people to come into our country, they have to come in legally. But we are working very hard on the DACA program and you will be, I think very happy over the course of the next year.

I feel the same way as you do about it.

Thank you very much.

Yeah.

Well, what happened is because of the pandemic much changed on the immigration front. Mexico is heavily infected as you know and we've made it very, very difficult to come in because of the pandemic and other reasons and crime. But we have a very strong border right now and we have to keep it that way, but we want people to come into our country.

But they have to come in through a merit system and they have to come in legally, and people are very very happy with it. You haven't heard any complaints about that, but what happened is because of the pandemic, we have to be extra cautious.

Well, it's -- it's very . The fact is, we got rid of catch and release which is a disaster. You know you catch somebody, they could be a murderer, they could be a rapist, and we're supposed to release them into our country. These are the laws that I inherited. We ended that program. No, I think you're going to see something very, very good.

The whole immigration -- if you look at what's going on, people used to pour into our country and especially during the pandemic. I think you'll be -- I think even you, Savannah, would be very impressed with what we've --

Sure.

That's right.

Because I've done a great job. We have the strongest economy in the world. We closed it up. We are coming around the corner. Vaccines are coming out soon and our economy is strong. We are at a level with jobs like we've never been before. We've rebuilt our military. We've rebuilt our borders. We had no borders.

We had no nothing. We've rebuilt so much. We've given you the greatest tax cut in the history of our country, greatest regulation cut, equally as important, and we created new levels of jobs that nobody thought was possible. And next year is going to be better than ever before.

Thank you very much. Thank you, Savannah.