Thank you very much, Sean. Thank you.

And Mark is so right. Look, Mark is so right. You can't say it any better than that. I go through this every year every time everybody says something. And you look at their records, their records are horrible. It's fake news. You look at -- I watched John Roberts screaming at Kayleigh. And Kayleigh -- Kayleigh was so wonderful, the way she handled it.

But I watched him screaming. And his wife, John's wife, was saying, what are you doing? Because, yesterday, I made a statement that was -- according to most, it was a perfect statement. But I have said it so many times even beyond that. And no matter what you say, it'll never -- they will just keep going, going, going.

And, you know, Biden did the 1994 crime bill. That's the super predator bill. So, he did the super predator bill. And when you look at it -- but Mark Levin is right. He's 100 percent right.

No matter what you say, it won't make any difference. And I have to say -- I have said it many times. And let me be clear again. I condemn the KKK. I condemn all white supremacists. I condemn the Proud Boys. I don't know much about the Proud Boys, almost nothing, but I condemn that. But he should condemn also Antifa.

Antifa is a horrible group of people. They kill people. They -- what they do to people -- and they're causing insurrection. They're causing riots. He doesn't want to do that. But the press doesn't go after him. And that's a really bad group of people. But I condemn them. And if I can -- if I say it 100 -- if I say it 100 times, it won't be enough, because it's fake news.

Yes. But I have condemned them in the past. For years, I have condemned people, and I think almost everything that you mentioned. What hasn't been condemned is his crime bill, where he talks about super predators.

And that was the worst thing -- that was the worst thing that ever happened to the black community, for the young men and women of the black community. That was sleepy Joe Biden.

That's right.

Well, he has to do it, because what he did was terrible. And he has to do it. But it's a different standard. It's total hypocrisy. It's a disgrace. But I think the people are wise to it, Sean. I really do. The people are wise to it. Every time you do something, every time you say it -- and Chris Wallace asked me the same -- almost the same question last time.

And, you know, it's a -- it's a shame. It's a shame that they can get away with it. And -- but, when I saw John Roberts today going crazy, and then his wife said, well, wait a minute, he just gave a news conference, and what he said was very good. Now, I didn't see her exact statement, but I thought she said something very good.

She actually criticized her husband. That was terrible. I mean, he went -- he went a little crazy.

He went a little bit crazy.

Well, I saw it. I saw it. And Kayleigh is this incredible person. And she -- she was abused by John Roberts. That's a terrible thing.

FOX is a much different -- FOX is a much different place than it used to be, Sean.

Right.

Well, I have to do it, because I know a lot of people said, look, he was losing his -- his -- his -- if you look at what he did, he was probably or possibly losing that coherence that everybody talks about, because he's a mess. Let's face it, he's a mess. Now, I could have waited, but he was saying so many lies that I figured it was just better to bring it up as he's saying them, because it was just lie after lie after lie.

And so, I would do it as he said it. I would criticize him. And I think it was effective. If you look at the polls, I mean, almost all the polls, the poll people, the polls say that I won. The Hispanics, they have me close to 70 percent to 28, because they're strong people, smart people.

Yes.

I mean, I would have -- I would have preferred letting him catch himself, because -- because he can't issue a full statement, practically. But, at the same time, on the assumption that he does, he is going on and on with lie after lie. So, I had to correct those lies as they came up, too many to go back and get.

You didn't have enough -- we didn't have enough paper. Too many to go and get.

And I don't know. I think it was a very effective -- frankly, I'd like to leave the same format. I like the format.

Well, this is the rules that were agreed to. But, you know, I think it would be very bad. You remember, with Hillary Clinton, they modulated my mic. And they actually apologized for it. But they -- they modulated my mic. So, when I looked at her, they had my mic turned off, or way down. And I said, what's going on over here?

They actually issued an apology. So, we're dealing with very tricky people here. But I think you remember that very well. They modulated my mic. And they say I won all the debates, so I was in 16-17 debates. They say I won all the debates. I like this format but at the same time, you know, he's got to -- he's got to be truthful.

And by the way, a number of people brought up today Sean that he was the one that interrupted me. He started off with three major interruptions long before I started doing it to him.

Right.

Yes.

Well I went after him on that and I said are you going to stack the court? I also said are you going to say the words law and order. He wouldn't say them. He then said law and order was safety and justice or something. But I said to him that but we need law and order in our country. And the Democrat cities are falling to pieces with this whole -- with these people running them.

But, stacking the court, they could have many justices. They want to put many -- because we've been beating them, and we have the nine justices and we have a great new one going on. But now what they want to do is they want to put many additional justices on the Supreme Court so that they can -- it's sort of like you're losing the game and you start cheating.

But they want to put many -- they are. I mean, they're doing it with the ballots. They're doing it with the Supreme Court. And it's a very sad thing. But they are -- they are looking to stack the court and they are also going to add two or three new states. I heard Guam and two others that you mentioned as you know.

That would give them six automatic Senate seats, automatic. No chance. It would be very unfair and 20 something Congressional seats. So that's what they want to do. So, if you -- if you give them what they want, and we really have a one party system. He can never catch up. So, they'll be talking about anywhere from four to six Senators, Republicans can't win those states although I've been better to Puerto Rico than any other president.

I've given them a lot of help. But, if you take a look at what's happening. They're not good to Puerto Rico. But I've been good to Puerto Rico. I have a good relationship to Puerto Rico. But they're looking for statehood. A lot of Puerto Ricans don't want statehood. They're doing better the way it is now frankly.

But they want to -- and you've been seeing this. This has been taking place. They want to put two or three states. So, they want to have -- they want to have 53. Right? 53. What's the flag going to look like? Right Sean? What's the flag going to look like? They want to have 53 or 52 depending on what they do.

I guess they could probably do even more than that. We have islands all over the place. Why don't they go for the whole ballgame? So, it's a very, very sad thing for our country, very, very sad thing. And in all fairness to Mitch, he did not want to do the nuclear option and I disagreed because I said they're going to do it and it turned out they are.

But he's a legitimate guy. He is not -- he wasn't going to do the nuclear option because he thought it was bad for our country. So, I understood that, and I didn't go wild, but I did say it would be good to do it because they're going to do it. So, it's a very sad thing. So you're going to have two or three more states added.

You're going to have four or six Senators added, 100 percent Democrat. 100 percent. You're going to have maybe 20 Congressional candidates or districts added and it's really a horrible thing. It's going to be very unfair. You're going to end up having a one-party system in the United States. So, if people want to stop that, you got to vote against the Democrats.

Yes.

So, she did test positive. I just heard about this. She tested positive. She's a hard worker. A lot of masks. So, she wears masks a lot. But she tested positive. And I just went out with a test. I'll see what -- because we spend a lot of time. And the first lady just went out with a test also. So, whether we quarantine, or whether we have it, I don't know.

You know, it's very hard. When you're with soldiers, when you're with airmen, when you're with Marines, and I'm with -- and the police officers. I'm with them so much. And when they come over here, it's very hard to say, stay back, stay back. It's a tough kind of a situation. It's a terrible thing. So, I just went for a test, and we will see what happens.

I mean, who knows? But you know her very well. She's fantastic. And she's done a great job. But it's very, very hard when you are with people from the military or for law enforcement. And they come over to you, and they want to hug you, and they want to kiss you, because we really have done a good job for them.

And you get close, and things happen. I was surprised to hear with Hope. But she's a very warm person with them. And she -- she knows there's a risk. But she's young. And I just -- I just went out for a test. They just do it. It will come back later, I guess, and the first lady also, because we spend a lot of time with Hope and others.

So, we will see what happens. But...

...you have to -- you have to treat our -- you have to treat our people great. You can't just say, stay away, stay away. They come up to you. They're such love with what we have done for them. And there's such love. And you have to treat our people great. I think the vaccines are coming quickly. I do think it's somewhat political.

They'd like to do it. Even the drug companies, they have dealt with these people a long time. I think they'd like to do it after the election, even if it's a couple of days. But the fact is, the vaccines are coming out. The therapeutics are coming out. And they're coming out really good, Regeneron and others.

Other companies are great, Eli Lilly. So, we will have to see. The survival rate is so much better now than it was. You have seen those numbers, I guess, 95 percent, or something like that, better. So, we will have to see.

I mean, I'll -- I'll get my test back either tonight or tomorrow morning. But I spend a lot of time with Hope, and so does the First Lady. And she's tremendous. I was a little surprised. But she's -- she's a very warm person. She has a hard time when soldiers and law enforcement come up -- comes up to her.

You know, she wants to treat them great, not say, stay away, I can't get near you. It's a very, very tough disease.

Yes.

Sure.

Really?

That's right.

That's right, a scam. And everyone knows it, Sean. It's a scam. And everyone knows it.

Well, in New York, they lost -- 100,000 ballots were sent out wrong. The envelopes were wrong. The names were wrong. Everything was wrong. So, they said, oh, that's OK. We will send out a new 100,000. OK, let's assume they get it right. What happens to the 100,000 that they sent out? They're going to be sent back by somebody.

And it's going to be a fraud. This is a terrible thing that's happening to our country. And, you know, the only one that knows it better than you and I and other people is the Democrats. They know it. They know it. They're smart. But I'll tell you, the big hope is that we have great federal judges. And we have a lot of cases in front of these federal judges.

And I think they're really talented, very smart. And I think that we're going to do very well, because no judge -- how about this? The election ends on November 3, but they're giving, like, certain states the right to go another week. So, that means we're not going to know -- because, you know, they're big states.

That means we're not going to know the election for another week. And then if there's fraud, then there's going to be a lot of, you know -- and there will be. Just take a look at New York. Take a look at the ones -- the ballots that were thrown into a garbage can and they all had the Trump name on it. They were military ballots that were thrown into the garbage can.

The ones that were on a tray, and they were thrown into a creek or a river. It's a terrible thing. And if you look at Carolyn Maloney, what they did to that guy that ran against her, it's a disgrace. That's in New York. And that's only for a congressional race. They have no idea where the votes are, where the ballots are.

This is going to be all over. This is in Virginia. This is in New Jersey. It's a very, very sad thing. And, hopefully, we can win by a lot, because I have no doubt that they're going to be doing a number. I have no doubt about it. And the press knows that, too. You know, they act so -- so sacrosanct. They act, oh, it's so terrible.

He's talking about our democracy. They know what's going on. It's really a shame. If the other side did this, you would see everybody would be arrested and put in jail. You have to see what's going on. But the good news is, we just got a very good decision in Rhode Island. Great decision. We have some great decisions coming down.

You have to have the votes in by November 3rd. You have to have it signed. You have to have it certified. You have to guarantee the certification. I mean, in Nevada, Sean, they don't want to have any certification of a signature. Just do a signature and they don't want to have certification.

I think that you don't even -- I think you don't even have to sign it. And the governor is a very political person. It's a -- it's a ridiculous thing. And we're going to win Nevada on a fair basis, but it's very hard when they send millions of ballots out and then they cheat.

That's true.

Right.

Well, it's just -- it's a scam. They spied on our campaign, they got caught. The only sad thing is nothing is happening with them. And they're -- they're a bunch of crooks. They spied on our campaign, they got caught. They tried to take -- they tried to do a coup, and they got caught. Now we got to see what's going to happen.

It's time to move. This is ridiculous, OK? This is ridiculous. It's so sad. We caught them spying on our campaign, it never happened before. Spied before and after. And it never happened before. And I watched Comey, he couldn't remember anything, but he's writing all these books. They're guilty as hell.

They should all be in jail, OK? You know it and I know it. They should all be in jail. And it's disgraceful. It's a disgrace for to our country if they don't go to jail. Hillary Clinton got caught, Comey got caught, they all got caught. And Biden, by the way, mentioned the Logan Act. That was a big part of it.

And Obama, too. It's a disgrace what's happened. A disgrace. And that they should do something about it. If they can't just let this go on ad infinitum. They should do something about it.

Right.

Well, it is. I mean, it is. But we've already rebuilt the military, $2.5 trillion. It's the strongest military in the world by far. We have the weapons the likes of which nobody even comes close to. And so, we've done that. We've cut taxes at a record level. We've cut -- if you look at regulations, we've cut more regulations than any president in history by far.

Well, I think better than that. I think you're going to see some great numbers just two days before because you're going to have the third quarter come out just before the election. I think you're going to be up anywhere from 22 to 35 percent in GDP. And if that's the case, that's bigger than any economic rebound in history.

So, I think that will be good, let's see what happens. But those numbers are coming out sometime prior to --

-- sometime prior to November 3rd, which is the election.

Thank you very much, Sean. Thank you.