Well, thank you.

Well, a lot of things. It's just going very well. I think he's imploding. You look at all the corruption in his family. It's tremendous corruption nobody's ever seen. I mean, that laptop, nobody has ever seen anything like that. He's gone into hiding. He's done the lid again. He's been there for a long time.

And things are changing fast, and the numbers at the polls are looking really good -- really, really good.

It's just crazy. I saw Schiff, shifty Schiff yesterday, get up, say this is Russia. I mean, he's a sick man. He is so sick. It is -- we went through 2 1/2 years of that, plus. And this guy, he ought to be put away or he ought to be -- you know, something should happen with him. I watched him look straight at the camera and say it and he laughs at it.

They laugh at it in the backrooms at it. And thank goodness we have John Ratcliffe that came out -- the head of DNI. He said it's absolutely false. There's nothing to do with Russia, and it never did have to do -- this was like with Tulsi Gabbard and Jill Stein when Hillary Clinton said about them -- this is after the Russian hoax on me -- that they were agents of Russia.

And you know what, I don't know either of them. They were not agents of Russia. They never spoke to anybody from Russia. It was the same thing. Adam Schiff ought to be investigated for what he does. He stood up, he looked at the camera, and he said the laptop conceived and dedicated by Russia. This is crazy.

Well, you know it would be. And they went through and put my son, in particular, over a 15-minute meeting with somebody from Russia who met with everybody in Congress over the years. Everybody knew that it was a meeting about something totally different and it -- Don, Jr. went. And it's so unfair what they have done is -- what they've done to this country.

And we're really -- we're really hitting them back. I mean, we're hitting them back so, so hard. And I'll tell you, I watched your interview with Dave Rubin. That's true -- that's happening all over. It's so nice. That's happening all over the country. I mean, people are in love. And what you said about Texas, don't worry about Texas.

Texas is with us. They want to take away your guns, your oil, and your God, OK? That's what they want. They want to take away your Second Amendment. They want to take away fracking and oil. They don't care. They want to take it away. They want to go to the Green New Deal. That's not for Texas. Texas is not going to be losing their guns and they're not going to be losing their oil, and they're not going to be losing their religion or their God.

Well, this is far bigger than Jimmy Carter. I mean, this is an issue that's -- I mean, his son walked around like a vacuum clear. But they say, right, and look, this is the laptop from hell. They say right in the laptop that, you know, the big man has to get 10 percent. And then in another case, they say 50 percent.

This is a hundred percent. This is -- and even if he didn't get -- and he does get, and he lives like a king -- even if he didn't get all of this money -- and everybody's known this in Washington for a long time. This isn't surprising. Nobody's surprised by this. But even if he didn't, you can't go to China, have the son walk out with $1.5 billion to manage.

You can't go to Ukraine and have him get $183,000 a month with a $3 million up-front payment. You can't get $3.5 million from the Mayor of Moscow's wife, $3.5 million, and you have no experience, you didn't have a job until your father became vice president. It -- it's disgraceful what's happening.

And the media -- and the media can't cover it -- the media refuses to cover it. It's unbelievable.

No, Romania is coming up. But no, but they say right in there that the father's going to get 10 percent. Brian, you don't have to know anything about it. And to be honest with you, even if it wasn't, you can't go and go with your father and every stop you make you pick up a billion dollars. You can't do that.

You can't do it. But, he got a kickback. You know, in the old days they used to call it a kickback, but there's no better word. The vice president got a kickback and everybody knows it and they've known it for a long time.

We've got to get the Attorney General to act. He's got to act and he's got to act fast. He's got to appoint somebody. This is major corruption and this has to be known about before the election. And by the way, we're doing very well. We're going to win the election. We're doing very well. If you look at all of what's happening and all of the people that come in and don't come in, you take a look all around the country, and with Texas early voting, those are our votes too.

And we're doing well in Texas. I mean, I just got a report we're doing great in Texas, but we're doing great all over. But forget that. This has to be done early. So, the Attorney General has to act.

Well, I think the whole thing is crazy. This commission, I had problems with them four years ago where they stifled out my mic during my conversation with crooked Hillary and, you know, they muted my mic. They did a whole thing -- they did this to me already. The modulated it at the time and they actually had to write me a letter of apology and they did it on purpose.

Look, these people are not good people, this commission. A lot of funny things go on with them, and frankly, Kristin Welker, who I know, and you know I just went through Savannah Guthrie, I knew what I was getting into and it worked out fine, but she was out of line, she was totally out of line. And so was Chris Wallace.

I know you'll defend him, but so was Chris Wallace, he was terrible. It was like two on one and that was just fine with me. But, at least they should admit that it was two on one. And the funny thing is Biden doesn't even do his show. Biden won't even go on his show. He'd get killed over here if he did the show.

He couldn't -- he couldn't do Chris' show. But, Kristen Welker is terrible. I mean, she is totally partisan. Her father and mother are big supporters of Joe Biden for a long time. They're supporters of the Democrat Party and she deleted her entire account. And I was the one that told you people about Scully.

Scully was no baby either, and then he got caught lying with his famous, oh, they hacked my account. You know, every time somebody gets caught, they always say they hacked my account. They said, that's -- here we go again with the hacking. So he -- he had a problem. But Kristen Welker is far worse than Scully, but I do it anyway.

I mean, I do it anyway, but this is the way it is. It's so set up. It's pretty incredible that we've been winning for so long, it's -- when you get right down to it.

But that's not fair.

I mean, it would be nice to have a host that can be, you know, not necessarily a contributor to the campaigns and to Democrats.

It would be really nice. There are people out there that could be neutral. Kristen Welker cannot be neutral at all. Everybody knows that.

Yes, he was neutral for who? For himself?

Well, Joe lies. And he lies a lot. And he'll say things that are crazy. And he'll think people are supposed to believe him. And they take ads and they put ads in on things that never happened. Far worse than Hillary. Hillary was a much smarter person than him, but they play a much dirtier game. And she was dirty.

Look, I mean, with the e-mails and everything else. I'm not talking about that. I mean, she -- she was terrible.

But they play a more dishonest game. They will put an ad in about something that never happened and pretend like it happened.

They are very dirty players.

Well, look, I do my own debating. I do fine. And I do my own debating. And a lot of people said I won. If you look at the Hispanic -- very interesting, they did a Hispanic population poll, and I was at 77 percent. And a lot of people thought, look, when somebody stands there and he lies, lies, lies, I like to challenge it at the time because you don't have time to go back.

Well, I may do that. Actually, the interesting thing, they said if you let him talk, he'll lose his chain of thought because he's gonzo. And I understand that. But I also understand that as he's going down the line and issuing lies, you know, generally it's OK to, you know, really attack that. But -- but there is a chain of thought that, you know, there were -- there were a lot of people that say let him talk because he loses his -- his train.

He loses his train -- he loses his mind, frankly. But look at yesterday. He walks out of a store --

-- and the -- the media's standing there. And they asked him, what flavor ice cream did you get? I mean, think of this.

They never ask me a question like that. I want them to someday, but they never ask me a question like that. What flavor ice cream did you get?

Right.

Right.

I will, but there's a lot to talk about in a few minutes. And this was supposed to be a foreign policy debate. And now all of a sudden, we're talking about things that are not foreign policy. And, frankly, it was a change that they made that was far bigger than the mute button, I mean, frankly, but they -- they made a change and it shouldn't have happened.

It shouldn't have happened.

You know that.

I mean this was all going to be foreign policy, and all of a sudden, out of nowhere, they made this change. Now we're talking about other things.

And it's not appropriate. Look, the commission has lost tremendous credibility. They lost it with me four years ago when they modulated the mic. I understood that. And you look at whose -- look at Bob Dole. He wrote a letter saying that he knows the people, and these are not the right people to have.

And he -- he was very nice in writing that, I must say, Bob Dole.

Well, we want the debate. And I know they're discussing it. And, yes, I mean, they're talking back and forth with the commission. They want to have it be at least, not fair, because it can never be fair with Kristen Welker. I mean, it's not going to be fair. But it would be like Scully, or like Chris Wallace.

But it would be, you know, like somebody -- this can't be -- there's nothing fair about this debate. But that's OK. Hey, look, Savannah Guthrie, I knew what I was getting into. I've been with her for a long time in terms of interviews. That was crazy. I mean, she was jumping out of her seat. But it was a good interview.

We got very high marks on that interview. But she was -- I thought she was totally out of control. Terribly out of control.

OK, so many individual things, whether it's Second Amendment or energy or all of these things. They want to raise your taxes, I want to lower your taxes. Regulations -- all of that. But the bottom line, the American dream -- the great American dream versus being a socialist hellhole, because they're going to turn us into a socialist nation.

We're going to be no different than Venezuela. And I'll tell you what, it can happen -- it can happen. Venezuela, 20 years ago, was unbelievable and now they don't have water, they don't have food, they don't have medicine. The only difference is we'd be much bigger. But that's what it is. It's the American dream versus a socialist hellhole.

Well, everything, you know. Socialized medicine. They want you to go to a hospital if you have a cold. Take away your healthcare. They want to take away 180 million incredible health care plans that people love -- that people love. I mean, you can go down a list forever. They want to take away your guns.

They want to take away -- they want to defund your police or at least radically change your police. Look what they're doing in Minneapolis, look what they're doing in Seattle. They want to destroy your police forces and at the same time, take away your guns so you can't protect yourself.

She will.

Yes, she's doing great.

Really good. She's going to be -- I'm going to Erie, Pennsylvania today, which is -- which I love. You know, that was always a Dem stronghold and then I came along and we shook it up.

But, Erie is great. Erie, I love it.

Yes.

Well, just that we're -- you know, the economy is coming back so strong. Nobody ever thought -- we built the strongest economy in the history of the world and then the plague came in -- the China plague. And very, very -- and we are not forgetting it and China knows that. We're not forgetting it. But the plague came in.

We closed it down, saved millions of lives, and now we've opened it up. And we don't only have a V, we have a super V. We are recovering at a level that nobody else in the world has recovered. And we went down less and we've recovered faster. And, you know, we -- 7.8 -- doesn't sound -- unemployment. Seven point eight doesn't sound good but I remember your show three months ago, four months ago, they were talking about possibly having unemployment of 42 percent.

And we're at 7.8 and heading down rapidly.

Well, we are living with it and we're having the vaccines coming out very soon. With or without the vaccines, we're rounding the turn. But we have the vaccines coming out very soon. We have the therapeutics that are incredible. I'll tell you what, I had Regeneron. I was not exactly feeling the greatest and I had Regeneron, I felt like Superman a day later.

And, you know, I got better very fast -- very, very fast. What they've done under this administration in terms of the FDA and getting things approved. Things that would have taken, Brian, two or three years, I got done in two weeks. And the FDA has been great. They've all been great. And now the vaccines are coming out.

That's going to help it. But we're doing much better than Europe and, I mean, Europe is getting hit pretty hard. We're doing much better. And we will never shut down. We shut down. We understood the disease. We're protecting our elderly, unlike what they did in New York where they did such a bad job -- Cuomo.

We're protecting our elderly. We're taking care of those -- because they are susceptible, especially if they have heart or diabetes or problems. But we understand the disease. No, there will be no shutdowns.

So he's going to put together the same group of people probably that he used to put together in the nursing homes where 11,000 people died because they put heavily infected people in with the general population. Is that the people he's going to use to help us out? No, it's not -- it doesn't work that way.

There's a case of a politician that's so sad. We have Johnson & Johnson, Pfizer, Moderna, the greatest companies in the world. This has nothing to do with government. And they've come up with incredible vaccines and when a politician is a real low-life, when a politician is willing to say that and kill people and scare people from using something that's going to be great and really solve a big problem, they ought to be ashamed of themselves.

I mean, he probably listens to his brother Fredo. Fredo has bad ratings on CNN. He probably listens to Fredo too much.

So, this is a process that Justice Ginsburg said. A president has four years, not three years, and we're not ramming anything through. We have a lot of time. I mean, we have a lot of time and she is phenomenal. She's become a star the way she answered questions, the mind, her background, her intellect. I mean, she's become a major star in this county.

People love her. I tell you what, if we ever didn't ram her through, as he said, we'd have a problem because people would be angry as hell. They love her. She's going to be a fantastic Justice of the Supreme Court for many, many years. And all we're doing it is during my term. I mean, I'm here. Hopefully I have another four years.

But, you know, I've had three -- well, by the time -- at the end of the term, 300 federal judges and three Supreme Court justices. That's an incredible thing. That's a record. And there's never been that before. So, they're unhappy but President Obama couldn't get people through. I mean, he was unable to get people through.

He was unable to do a lot of things, to be honest with you.

It's going to go well.

It's going to go well, really well.

Yes.

Sure.

Well, he'll be onboard if something comes. But let me just explain that it's very simple. I want to do it even bigger than the Democrats. Not every Republican agrees with me but they will. But I want to do it even bigger than the Democrats because this is money going to people that did not deserve what happened to them coming out of China.

Now, to just put it very simply, we want to do it but Nancy Pelosi doesn't want to do it. We'll see whether or not she changes her mind. But we want to do it because people need help and they should get help --

-- even though the economy is very strongly coming back.

Well she's at $2.2 --

-- and I would like to go -- I would be willing to go more, because I think that -- number one, I view it differently. We get the money back to government, it gets the money back ultimately anyway, and it's better than unemployment and it's better than all of the other causes associated with the alternative.

So, I want to go -- I would rather go bigger than that number, but we'll see. But here's the problem, she doesn't want to do anything until after the election because she thinks that helps her. I actually think it helps us, because everyone knows that she is the one that's breaking up the deal. Now, they are talking, let's see what happens.

But, I would rather go bigger than her number.

Well, we'll have to talk to Senator Thune.

I'd take all the votes you could get, whether it's Democrat or Republican.

And you would have -- you'd have a lot of Democrat votes and you'll have Republican votes too. I'm OK with that. Doesn't bother me at all.

Because Nancy Pelosi doesn't want to approve anything. Look, she's made it very difficult -- very, very difficult. We're talking about money going to the American people that got hurt and they -- they shouldn't have been hurt. This was caused by China, they shouldn't have been hurt. And we shouldn't be punishing them.

And we're punishing them because of Nancy Pelosi. Now maybe she changes her tune and I can tell you there is a little bit of that and that would be a very positive thing for the American people.

Right.

That's right.

Well, we have to open up and we live with it and we open up our schools. And I'm the one that got Big 10 and Pac-12 football back. You know, I got that back. That wasn't coming back and I got back. Hope people realize that. That was pure and simple me or whatever, but -- and I'm very happy. We have to open up.

Now Barron, a young man, very young, strong, he got it, too. By the time I said to the doctor, how he's doing? He said, he's all better. You know, it's different, young kids, 99.9 percent young kids have to go back to school, they have to get back. Now, if you look at different states, Michigan, we won the case against her.

The only one that was allowed to violate was her husband, OK, the Governor of Michigan. We won the case. Michigan's opening up. Got to -- because you know what, the Supreme Court said it was unconstitutional what she was doing. Now, North Carolina, Pennsylvania, some other states, all run by Democrats, have to open up.

I mean, look at New York, it's like a ghost town. New York, what they've done to New York, it's a ghost town.

Not to mention, all of the crime is coming out of Democrat states. Republicans are doing incredibly on crime, on opening, on economic, it's all -- everything coming out, crime and other problems are in Democrat-run states. I hope people realize that.

Well, it's much more than what he's talking about and -- I mean, he -- what he said is much worse than that. He's going to -- look at "The Wall Street Journal," they just came out today, just in terms of life, $6,500 over a short period of time, more they're going to have to pay. He -- my tax plan was the biggest tax cut in the history of our country and regulation cut.

But the biggest tax cut in the history of our country. He wants to violate that. That would take away child tax credit, $1,000 a child, it would take away $2,500. It would take away -- you know, something that will happen if they ever did it, energy. Energy -- look at -- you're buying $2 a gallon gasoline now.

Nobody thought that was possible. That will go to $5, $10, you won't even be able to buy a car. You'll go into a depression the likes of which this country has never seen, at least since 1929, who knows, that was a pretty bad one, in all fairness. But -- if he gets in -- what they will do is everything -- it will be a disaster, they're going to double, triple, quadruple your taxes.

They actually say we're going to quadruple to spend it on a Green New Deal, this ridiculous Green New Deal, which makes no sense, designed by AOC plus three, that had nothing to do, didn't even study the environment, now they're telling us, you know, about the Green New Deal.

No, no. What they're doing is crazy and their taxes will quadruple, they're going to take your guns away. The whole thing is crazy, the whole plan is crazy.

They're the only candidate I've ever seen that runs on the basis that they're going to raise your taxes.

So they want to take a building and they want to make the windows -- from nice windows to little windows. Oh, that's just fine. That was my business. I know all about construction. That's wonderful. Let's take your windows out and make them tiny little windows because you're going to save two cents on energy.

These people are -- this is the most important election in the history of our country. And people have to get out and vote because what they want to do is crazy. We will never allow this country to become a socialist nation. And that's what they're trying to do.

No, I get along with him very well. He's a Democrat. He's actually a very good friend of the Cuomo family. He's a -- but he's been there for a long time. I leave him there. And he's a nice guy. But he's been wrong. First of all, he said, don't wear masks. Very strongly. I'm sure you have that clip. He said don't wear masks.

He's said many things. He said, let the Chinese -- let -- let the people from China that are heavily infected, let them come in. He admits that he was wrong on that and he admits that I saved thousands of lives. And it's good if people trust him. But it's not that the people -- reporters like him because they think he's against me.

He's not really against me. But he did say something that we kept him off television, and yet we allowed him to do "60 Minutes" the other night. He couldn't do it without our approval. So how do we keep him off television, but, by the way, do "60 Minutes"? Look, he's a nice guy. He's got a really bad arm.

Not a good baseball thrower. But he's a nice guy. The only thing I say is he is a little bit sometimes not a team player. But he is a Democrat. And I think that he's just fine. It's a view. We have other -- Scott Atlas is fantastic, but they go after him so much. He has a different view. By the way, everybody has a different view.

Different views on everything. It doesn't mean they're wrong or they're bad people, but people have different views.

And then ultimately I make the decisions.

And we've saved millions of lives by the decisions I've made. We closed up our country in the midst of the greatest economic boom in history and saved millions of lives.

Now it's opening. So we did -- we did the right thing. And we're doing much better than Europe, and we're doing much better than everyone else. And our recovery is the strongest in the world.

No, I'm not at odds. I like him. I think he's a terrific guy.

They shouldn't be worried. They shouldn't be worried. We're for law and order. And if we win they'll be exhausted. They've had it. They'll be exhausted. They've been -- they're --

I won last time and they spied on my campaign and they tried to overthrow the president. And if it wasn't me, with phony stories like Russia, Russia, Russia, and now here goes Schiff again. Shifty Schiff again. You know, that -- the laptop was done by Russia. The Biden laptop was conceived of and done by Russia.

I mean, people, get it. I mean, you've got to understand what this is. These people are -- I don't even say sick. There's -- they're horrible, horrible liars. It's a terrible thing. Schiff is a danger to our country. Fortunately, we have a DNI Director John Ratcliffe, who's a fantastic man, and he put that out very, very quickly.

He's in charge of the whole ball game, and he put it out very, very quickly. No, no, they are exhausted. If we win, they're going to be exhausted.

And it's going to come together. You know what brings it together? Success and we were coming together. I've explained this over the last few months. We were coming together so beautifully, the best employment rates and unemployment rates, African-American, Hispanic-American, Asian-American, women, diplomas, no diplomas, MIT+ and no MIT+. Everybody was doing great.

And we were getting calls from, let's say the other side, people that you would least expect, how do we get together? And I was saying it to them and it was all great. And then the plague came in from China and we had to go back to the drawing boards.

The success was bringing it together and we're going to have that success. Next year, it's going to be a very successful year, unless somebody comes in and raises your taxes by four times or -- and more.

That's going to kill it.

Everyone's going to leave. All these companies that I brought back in because of the taxes, they're all going to go back to where they came from. They're all going to leave our country.

That's great.

Well, I think she's great and I've always liked her. And I just think she's got courage. You know, she's Hollywood. She did very well in Hollywood, by the way, really well. But I think she's great and I think she has great hair, OK?

No, it's easier and we're way ahead of where we were, by the way, especially when you see numbers that are coming in and we know now for a fact we're way ahead because numbers are coming in. No. Look, this election was over until the plague came in from China. We were so far ahead. The economy was the best ever.

You know that, I mean you know that. But this election was over then the plague came in and it affected this country and it affected many other countries. Look at other countries where a leader was doing a good job and the plague came in and many of those people are gone. Not their fault. It's -- they're gone or they were hurt or they were, you know, not the same.

I had to go back to work and I've gone back to work. And we've done an incredible job, both with COVID. We saved millions of lives. The press doesn't want to give us credit for that, just like they cover up for Biden's incompetence and for Biden's theft and all of the things that have gone on. They don't want to give us any kind of credit but that's OK.

We are doing great. The reason this is easier is because we have a great track record. If we didn't have a great track record, I wouldn't even be talking to you right now.

Right.

Well, before we even talk about the next voice, there's never going to be a voice like Rush.

Do you know, Rush was with me -- I didn't know Rush at all. You know, I wasn't really into this world. I was doing other things and I didn't know Rush but I heard about his 39 million people, the biggest anywhere and the most powerful and all that but I didn't know him. And all of a sudden, you know, I started getting worried that there's this man, Rush Limbaugh, who's so supportive of you, from the day I came down the escalator, he was supportive of me.

I didn't have to talk to him. I didn't have to meet with him and wine him and dine him. He was just with us because he liked what I was saying. And I became friendly with him. He got the Presidential Medal of Freedom, which is the biggest award you can get, that and the Congressional Medal of Honor. And Rush is an incredible man, his wife Kathryn, incredible people.

And he is putting up a fight like -- you know, this has been going on for a long time. I mean, he didn't have exactly a great prognosis when he heard about it. And this is now taking it to the next level, what he said yesterday. But he is an incredible man and it's very sad to her that. However, he will continue to fight, that's the one thing I know about him.

He's incredible.

I think we're in great shape. I mean, you know, I really do. You've seen it, Brian, you've seen it and by the way, congratulations --

-- on your show, everyone, you're doing great. And Will, you're doing great on Saturday. Good to have you there.

Great. Really good.

So, we're up in Florida, way up. We're up in North Carolina. All you have to do is look at the numbers, I mean, we're way up -- or we're up but I think we're substantial. Pennsylvania's pretty even, we got a ruling yesterday that was ridiculous, where they can count ballots after the election's over. What kind of a thing -- so what does that mean?

We're going to --

-- wait till after November 3rd and start announcing states, it's crazy. But we got a strange ruling from the Supreme Court yesterday, that was very strange. But I think we're doing great. The rallies are rallies like in history, there have never been -- and I think I can say this very clearly, many people have said it.

Many of the enemy have said it. We're having rallies the likes of which nobody has ever seen before. Arizona, Michigan, no matter where we're going, North Carolina, we are having rallies -- Florida. We had a rally; nobody has ever seen anything like it. There has never been rallies with this kind of love and this kind of numbers.

I mean, we're 40,000, 30,000 and sometimes we give them a one-day notice and we end up -- and you look at Biden, the other day he had a rally, he had four people show up. Four people. You know, they go into circles, they stand in the middle of that very nicely done circle, I have to say. The person that puts it up is very good.

But no, we're having rallies the likes of which nobody has ever seen before. It's incredible.

Yes, I would, and in about a year or two when everything is so perfect, I'm going to let you answer that or ask me that question.

I'm going to give you the nicest answer, you know why? Because I'd love to have a question like that, but in the meantime, we're in the middle of a battle that we have to win. But it is very unfair when they -- here's a guy who's involved in the second biggest scandal, because I consider spying on my campaign to be the biggest.

This could supersede it, maybe. You know, this could supersede it but he's committed crimes. He's a criminal. He's committed crimes and they ask him about a milkshake. What's -- what flavor ice cream do you like? I never had a question like that. And they also, they give him the questions and he reads the answer off computers.

That's never happened to me. I mean, Brian, to the best of my knowledge, Brian, you've never done that with me. Do you agree with that?

No, I'm not nervous. Look, I've been doing it, we've been doing really well. It's very unfair. The moderator's very unfair. I know her so well, I mean, I know her so well. And it's a very -- it's a stacked deck. It's incredible and I think one of the reasons that I do have a certain popularity and that we do have these tens of thousands, 25, 40,000 people showing up to rallies, I really think they appreciate the fact that I fight back because I'm fighting against like these -- I'm fighting the Democrat Party, the fake news media, the lame stream media, which mostly, and I congratulate you people, but mostly is on that side and nobody even knows why.

And it's been like that for decades. It's not, you know, me. I may have exacerbated it because we've had victory but you know -- and now on top it big tech, I mean you have to see big tech, you put something out, they cancel it, they cancel. Look what they did to Charlie Kirk. How good is Charlie Kirk?

I mean, he's sort of mainstream but he's conservative but he's mainstream and they want to ruin him. These people are bad people.

And we have to win. Section 230, section 230.

Right.

I do. I really do. And even -- I don't know if you saw the other day, I was in California. Did you see the crowd in California? It was a hundred percent. And it was massive. The police said they'd never seen anything like it. Because, look, California is run badly. New York is run horribly with Cuomo and what they do and what's happened.

And a lot of people have left for Florida. They've left for other places. I think -- you know, traditionally, you can't win -- that's why it's very tough for a Republican to win. You can't win New York, California, Illinois. So three big states. All of them are run badly. And New York is run so badly. And I say, why would I lose New York, you know?

And now upstate New York, Long Island, all those areas, I win by a landslide. It's only that core. And that core is rotting because of bad management, bad politics. The core of New York is rotting and people have left. And, no, I'm going to give it a shot. I'm going to give it a shot. They say you can't as a Republican, and it hasn't happened for many decades, but I'm going to give it a shot.

I think you're a hundred percent right, Brian.

Thank you all.

Thank you very much.