Well, especially in this time, where we have the COVID, and we have all of the things going on, and we're opening up our country again. So to have baseball back is so -- even though it's an abbreviated season -- to have baseball back means so much to me, and to the country. It's spirit, it's a spirit. It's a time. It's a special time. Usually it's spring, and that means --

-- the nice weather. Here we are. It's even beyond spring. I think it's going to work out really great. I hear there's tremendous interest in watching the games.

Right.

It's going to be good.

I think it's going to be good. I'll be watching. I'm going to try and watch a little bit, at least. So let me ask you for an audience, big audience. You were the greatest reliever of all time. You got the Presidential Medal of Freedom. In fact, Tiger Woods got it. And you did it right, right after Tiger and great people have it. Great athletes have it. You had a pitch that broke a lot of bats, Mariano.

I've watched many sitting with George. Good old George, who's watching you right now, is very proud of you. But sitting with George, and I watch you break more bats. What do you attribute that to, because I've never seen a pitcher do it. They'd get up, and the bat would just shatter. What was that all about?

I think it means so much. When you retired, I remember watching you in that last season, you were really pitching good, and I said, he's good for another three or five years or something, but you could have gone on, don't you think?

Well, one of the most exciting things in sports was an important game, a World Series or a playoff game, and you hear the Sandman playing at Yankee stadium, and this guy walked in, like it was nothing to it, and he just blew them away. My wife, I said to the First Lady, she was asking me, why do they play the Sandman?

What does it mean? I said, he just put the batters to sleep, right? He just put 'em in, just about every single time.

Right, that's going to be exciting.

Yes. I spoke with Randy Lavine. He says the team is going to be great. They're going to have a great season, and they do have a good team and they have some strong hitters. So we'll see what happens.

But, it's an honor to have you at The White House. You're my friend, and a very special person. Great athlete. Great, great athlete, but a special person.

Thank you very much.

Appreciate it. Thank you everybody very much.