Right.

Yeah, that's right.

Well, it's Ohio, and it's been a special state for us. This is our first rally the -- of the year, and really, the first rally since we go into the new -- the new push for 2020, and Toledo has been great. Toledo, Ohio -- I have so many friends, but here -- here, but it's a great place, and it's been a little bit lucky, as you say.

I think we're, yeah, probably three times we were here. It's really great.

Right.

It's gonna be tremendous -- tremendous for the farmer, tremendous for the auto workers. You know, we have a whole special thing for the auto workers with Mexico, and we're not going to be taking companies out of our places anymore. It's one of the reasons I ran, if you want to know the truth. I would sit back and, as a civilian I'd say: why are all these companies leaving, going to Mexico -- some to Canada, but in the auto case, mostly to Mexico.

The tariffs that they put on your farmer were so ter -- your farmers were so terrible -- up into Canada, and all of that goes away. We have an unbelievable situation. People won't be leaving us anymore. The companies aren't going to be moving down. We have a system that is just -- it's an incredible deal, and if it weren't great, if it weren't something that I want, I would've put on tariffs, and I would have said "forget it." But when they heard that they said, we'll give you the points.

So this is phenomenal for the farmers. You see what's happening with the farm prices. They're starting to go up now. Now, plus, in addition to that, we just signed -- we're going to be signing, on January 15th -- I think it'll be January 15th, but shortly thereafter, but I think January 15th -- a big deal with China, one of the great deals with $50 billion being purchased in terms of farmers, and we just signed one with -- for $40 billion with Japan.

South Korea is done, and we have a couple of big ones, but USMCA is going to be fantastic for the farmers, for the auto, for the manufacturers generally.

Well, I thought it was a probability, not even a possibility. We had heard that, initially, it was 11, and then 12, and then 14, and then ultimately, 16 missiles were sent in. We knew pretty much where they were going. We had a lot of great intelligence, frankly. But we knew where they were going, and there -- they were big and they were fast, and I tell you what: we were very happy when we learned, not only weren't any -- nobody was killed, but nobody was even hurt, and they landed in areas that were very good, as far as I was concerned.

So you had 16. I think four of them didn't reach the location and the other -- the other twelve were -- they didn't hit, perhaps they didn't want to hit, or something happened, but there was nobody hurt nobody injured, and I think I was very happily surprised.

Well, you have to keep presidential power, so we'll decide, maybe should that happen. I don't see that happening, but we would -- we have to have a position where we can do what we have to do, if we have to do it. So, we're talking right now to Congress. We're negotiating with a lot of different people. But we have to keep that presidential power.

You have to be able to make a decision, I mean literally, sometimes, on a second, on a dime's notice. So, we'll be seeing what's going on, I think we're getting some very good --

No, we're getting some very positive responses from Congress right now. They know what we have to do. As an example, if you look at that, I was -- I acted very quickly. We had the number one terrorist in the world -- should have been killed a long time ago. He should have been taken out, really, a long time ago, by other presidents.

I mean, they -- long -- he's been there for a long time, 20 years, probably more than that. Killed a lot of people, killed a lot of Americans. His big thing was roadside bombs, he loved them, and we have so many young men and women walking around without legs and without arms, where the roadside bomb -- he was the king of the roadside bomb, and then they got bigger and more powerful, to a point where they could take out tanks, and now, he had to go and he did go, and that was a very fast decision, and you have to be able to make a decision like that as President.

Right.

And I started the speech with that, and then I said good morning, right? So I mean, I wanted people to understand -- because it is about that: we can never allow Iran to have a nuclear weapon, and frankly, it's the biggest threat to the world. We can never allow that to happen. The deal they had was a horrible deal, the JCPOA, the -- the deal that was made -- the original nuclear deal -- didn't cover the right locations.

It expires very soon. I mean, if it was to run out -- we terminated it, but it expires very soon. You need a lot of length, as the countries, you know, we're talking about is not -- you're not renting to a candy store in a shopping center, and so what happened is, I terminated it, and I think we're making a lot of progress.

We're making a lot of progress. But we took out the number one terrorist in the world, the number one terrorist for decades, and everybody knew it. Nobody wanted to do it, and I did it and they hit us, and nobody was hurt. Now, you have to understand, when we took him out also, it was not only for what he had done in the past, but in the very immediate -- a week before, an American was killed, and a number of other people were very badly injured.

They were badly, badly hurt and this was the work of him also. Plus he was going after, in our opinion, our very intelligent opinion, he was going after our embassies, and things could have happened. We had the exact opposite to Benghazi. Benghazi was a disaster, and they didn't have the right, you know, response, and we had rapid response.

When I heard that they were surrounding our embassy in Baghdad, I had people there really quickly, and they put it out. They put out that fire. So I think we gave a great response to that. But he was leading the charge, and we took him out.

Well, it's a great question. Cyber is a whole new thing. It's a whole new field. We have some tremendous people. We're better at cyber than anybody else in the world. But we weren't really using that power, that intellect, on cyber. We weren't doing it, and now we are, and we have -- I have -- incredible people in charge of cyber.

If we ever get hit, we'll hit very hard. We'll be able to hit very hard But it's a new form of war -- warfare, and I think we have it very well under control.

Thank you very much.

Great honor.