Well, I think you see the numbers come out two weeks ago. We had the best job numbers in our history. We're coming back very fast. It's going to be, really, I think it's going to be extraordinary. I think you're going to have a tremendous third quarter. I think you're going to have a phenomenal next year, 401ks, the stock market's almost at a record.

It's almost, right now, at a record, which is pretty amazing considering we're going through a pandemic, hopefully, toward the end of the pandemic. And, uh, tremendous things are happening. We built the greatest economy in history, the best jobs, the best job numbers for African-American, Asian-American, women, uh, everybody.

Uh, Hispanic-Americans were through the roof. And so we had to turn it off. We turned it off and now what we're doing is building it again.

Well, all you can do is create the jobs and we're doing that. We're having record numbers of business openings. In other words, people are getting back to opening that business and we've helped with PPP and lots of -- lots of other things, stimulus. And we have tremendous numbers. Uh, two weeks ago, again, we reported the largest jobs number gain in history.

Nobody's ever seen a number like that. So we're opening up. We had to close it. We saved millions of lives by doing it. We did a great job with it. We -- we banned China in term -- because they were very infected and we did that very early, much sooner than anybody thought it would even be possible to think about.

And we've done a good job, but now we're opening up our country and the jobs numbers are good. And they're coming back very fast.

No, I didn't say overhyped.

I think we're doing well with it. And if I wouldn't have done what I did, we would have had three or four million lives lost as opposed to worried about 112, 115,000, which is far too many. It was -- it came from China and it was a terrible thing that happened. I guess we're all looking at that, how that happened because it was a disgrace.

Could have been stopped, could have been stopped in China, but we could have lost anywhere from two to four million people, as opposed to where it is now, which is probably 115, but it could get, you know, a little bit higher than that.

It could get up to 150, it could go beyond that, but we would have lost two million to four million lives. We've done a good job, and now we're bringing the country back.

on all messages, I have many messages. One of the things is safety. And one of the things is getting our jobs back because you know, that also has an impact on people and people's lives, including their health.

I don't know.

Then why aren't you further away and why aren't you wearing a mask?

No. I mean, you're not -- you're not social distancing based on that question.

Well, a lot of people -- a lot of people -- everyone I'm around is tested. And many of the people that we had, we did temperature checks, we did a lot of things. Now we have -- we're very safe, we're very careful.

I'm always worried about safety? We want to get rid of this thing, we're working on vaccines, we're doing very well. We're working therapeutically with --

We have a massive advanced team and they're all over the country. They come from all over -- all different parts of the country and, uh, some were temporary and etc., etc. But finally, we reported that very early on and they were quarantined immediately.

It means a lot to me and the civil rights means a lot to me. And nobody has done more for African-Americans.

Excuse me. Nobody has done more for African-Americans than I have. Criminal justice reform, opportunities zones, historically black. If you look at the size of the university, big or small, the size of the college, big or small, I did things that nobody else has ever done for them. And frankly, they're very grateful for it. Uh, criminal justice reform, prison reform, what we've done, nobody's done.

Nobody has done for the African-American community what President Trump has done other than Abraham Lincoln.

Well, because there are people like you and you don't tell the facts. And that you don't tell, you don't talk about criminal justice reform. President Obama didn't do it. And he couldn't do it. I'm not even sure he wanted to do it, but President Obama didn't do it. Nobody did it. I did it. I got it done.

Uh, unfortunately, it's never told it's not reported. But you know what? Our black population fully understands that, they understand it, and they understand it very well. Thank you very much.

Thank you.