Well, we've been doing really well. We've had auto production, manufacturing, everything is really clicking, and looks like we're going to have a tremendous 3rd quarter jobs. We had the most jobs ever in a three month period. We got hit by the China plague. Which they should have never done, never, ever done.

We're not going to forget it, but we're going to have an incredible 3rd quarter. As you know in Wisconsin, you had your best year ever last year, we're going to have an even better year next year.

Well that's just an excuse they have. Mail-in ballots, other than absentee, which is a great thing, but mail-in ballots are very dangerous for our country. And the post office, look, we love the post office, it's losing so much money, so we have to straighten it out, but this has nothing to do with the post office, this has to do with bad policy by the Democrats.

All they want to do is have their people fix up the States that they owe so much money. I'll give you an example, so New York, Illinois, California, are almost at a point where they've been so badly, managed, what's going to happen, what they want is a trillion dollars to help get those governors, who are Democrats, get them even.

I don't want the whole country to be paying for that, it's not fair. So what we're doing is we are going to have a very good, very solid, and very legal election. If you look at the mail-in ballots, New Jersey, New York, Virginia, it's been a disaster.

I think just by doing a good job, Mike Pence has been a great vice president, respected by everybody. And Kamala, has anybody been more disrespectful than Kamala? To Joe, Joe Biden was mocked on the stage in debates about everything they call him from a racist to everything else. Nobody treated Joe Biden worse than Kamala Harris, and now he picks her.

I never thought she'd be picked because nobody treated him worse than Kamala.

Well they're only higher, not at a high, but they're only higher, you have to understand I did criminal justice reform, I was able to get funding for the historically black colleges and universities, longterm financing. I have done more for the black community than any other president, except for maybe Abraham Lincoln.

It's true. And nobody ever says anything differently. Opportunities, I did all of it.

We were in great shape, the best numbers, best unemployment numbers ever. And then the flu came in, the virus came in and it changed it, but now it's coming back. And last month we reported great economic numbers for the black community.

I would like to see schools open and I would like to see sports played. These are young people. They're strong. They have very good immune systems, better than mine, I guess right, better than people that are a little bit older. But I would like to see schools open, and I would like to see sports, but I would like to see football played.

We are going to see tremendous results. There's tremendous results happening all over our country right now. We're setting records in every way, whether its employment, other than the bad cities. When you look at some of these cities where they're run by liberal Democrats, they're rough. But we are doing better in terms economically and every other way than we've ever done before.

And as soon as the plague is gone, we have vaccines coming, we have therapeutics coming, and it's going to be gone. And it's going to be gone soon. You'll see numbers, the likes of which we've never seen in our country before. Unless somebody comes along like Biden and doubles and triples everybody's taxes, in which case, that would be a disaster for our country.

But you will see numbers the likes of which we've never seen before. You had the best year you ever had last year. You'll have an even better year next year.

Well I think you were treated very disrespectfully by having the Democrats not come here, and the way they did it. I thought it was very very disrespectful.

I think you were treated very disrespectfully by the Democrats.

I got $28 million for the farmers. I got tariffs off of Canada. I got tariffs off of Mexico. Nobody's done the job I've done for farmers, and the farmers are doing really well, especially since we're in the middle of a pandemic, we're in the backside, but we're in a pandemic pandemic. Nobody has ever done for the farmers what Donald Trump has done.

Thank you very much.