Well, thank you, RJ, very much and thank you for being so nice. We really appreciate it.

Well, that's what we're hoping for. We caught the great red wave and I don't think it's the other side, I think it's our side. Your-your saying the bi -- the lines are very impressive, like --

-- like, hopefully like you've never seen been before. I hope like you've never seen before.

That's great. That's great. It's fantastic that you're saying that, RJ. And, you know, we -- I just did a series of rallies the likes of which nobody's seen. The-the crowd sizes, the enthusiasm, the love. People would get there two, three days in advance to be there. Nobody's ever seen it before. Tucker Carlson did something last night on that.

It was-it was incredible. He's-he's looking at, you know, the rallies and he sees these massive crowds and he did a whole, big thing on it and it was actually pretty amazing. But no, I think, the love and the-the affection and the-the-the spirit of -- And these are great people. These are incredible people.

These people built our nation. Uh, these are workers, they don't want anything. They wanna just be left alone and let us work and let us do good things. I mean, they're incredible people. No, it's an honor, such an honor. I'm so glad you told me that. That it's -- and it should, you know, it has the potential to break every record and we're gonna see it.

I think we're gonna do very good today. I think we're gonna have a-a big day. That's interesting what you said, though, about the-the lines. I'm hearing we have lines -- I hear we have lines everywhere. I hear the lines are everywhere.

I'd love that. I'd love that. That'd be great.

Well, the whole Biden thing is a very interesting situation and-and it's a -- it's -- I think it's a very tough situation, to be honest with you, for him. For him and for the party and, uh, you know, look, I, e -- there's no reason to say the election's now, we're done, we're not really campaigning, although I understand he's going out to campaign today.

And, uh, shoulda done that a long time ago.

But he's actually campaigning and, uh, um, I guess I am too. I'm making some phone calls, very few. I wanted to make yours. No, you were so nice to me on that show that -- I watched you on your show but I know you 'cause we spoke last time. And, uh, I believe -- I'm-I'm somewhat superstitious so it's always good.

Let's do the same people when you won, right? You know? It's always good.

Right? You do a terrific job. You do a terrific job.

Right.

Well, law enforcement, these are the greatest people. They are so treated badly. I-I was gonna say something even stronger but I can't do that because the people love their police. They love and they respect their police so much and, uh, it's-it's bad leaders that don't. I mean, like the mayor of New York, like the governor of New York.

Like -- I mean, you see what's -- look at Chicago, look at, look at, uh, Portland. Uh, a little further away but y -- it's so obvious there that, how foolish, how foolish and how stupid the leadership is. These are, you can stop it in, you could stop the problems. And then it tends to be Democrat-run cities.

And it's a shame. But the people love law enfor -- they love these people. And I hope they know that. I think they do. I think they do.

Right. So our lawyers are very good. We've done a great job with much of it. The Pennsylvania decision from the Se -- Supreme Court was a, I thought it was a terrible decision. I think it's a very unfair decision. Possibly a political decision, but I don't even see it being a good political decision. Uh, the election should be over on November 3rd.

It shouldn't be extended because people need more time. No, the people, they need more time, let them put their ballots at a week early. There's plenty of time to put your ballots in. And let 'em go in a week early. But to extend a date for, it could be Tuesday. It's, you know, I mean, there's, uh, there, there's different ways of interpreting things.

But with Pennsylvania, there's no question about it. And they've gotten an extension. And the extension, there was a gentleman on one of the shows, and we're gonna actually put it out. Last night, a very successful pollster. Somebody that's actually called it very accurately. And he and others were talking about the fact that this will lead to almost-guaranteed fraud.

And it's, it's almost like putting the leaders of Pennsylvania, uh, and the counters on an honor code. Well, an honor code, I know those people. An honor code is not acceptable to us. I'm not, there can't be an honor code. Because there's not a lot of honor. And what they have is a system that's going to delay the election.

Now, it could be very well be that Pennsylvania, we're gonna need Pennsylvania to determine the winner. Uh, last time, it was amazing. They, they didn't call Pennsylvania until late. They should have.

But, but, you know, but Pennsylvania is such an important state. Uh, highly political, and it comes into the equation most likely. And you're gonna need Pennsylvania. So you don't want to have to wait many days as they're putting in votes. Then they say, "We need 5,000 votes to get their party in." And they can take the 5,000 votes from this field of votes that they're accumulating.

And they'll say, "Let's give 'em 5,000 yeses. Let's give 'em 5,000 of a certain vote." This is a disaster waiting to happen. And it's gonna be, uh, it will be fought, you know, you talk about both sides. It's, it can lead to bad things. Very bad things. But it can also lead to a very bad decision. Which in turn leads to bad things.

And I hope that decision is going to be, through the wisdom of the Court, corrected. Because that is not a decision that uh, that was wise. That is not a wise decision. And you know exactly what I'm talking about. It's, uh, it's a, it's a ser -- it, it puts, it puts the state in a terrible position. But it puts the country in a terrible position.

People are waiting to find out who won. And you can't delay that for many, many days, it could be. Longer than we even think. Because there are scenarios under which it goes longer than you think. This is a terrible thing that happened. Terrible thing. And I hope it's going to be corrected.

Well, that is the ultimate way to get out of that problem. You beat 'em so badly that it doesn't matter how many votes they're counting.

We're not counting, by the way. In that case we're not counting. But that, that is one way that it happens, you understand that. And, you know, there is that scenario, and based on what I'm hearing from even other parts of the country, but from what you tell me, you know, it's possible. You know, the ultimate, the ultimate poll is not some guy that makes a million dollars to go and talk to 213 people, which I've always felt was weak.

The ultimate poll are these massive crowds that are showing up to rallies. Nobody's seen anything like it ever. There has never been anything like it.

And people are saying, you know, will that translate, and I think it might.

That's good.

That's good.

Well, I hope you like the rally. I do hope you like the rally, but we have, we have a tremendous time at those rallies, and then we get down to business because we have some very serious things, like saving our country, you know.

It would be, it would go -- You can't, you cannot have a socialist country, and I say it. You just can't have that. It won't work. We're not gonna use it as an experiment, because you learn from history. We can look at other countries as the experiment. We don't have to destroy our country. And, you know, they never come back from a socialist country.

It never comes back. You know, once it's gone it's not like, "Oh, gee, we'll change." You're not going to change, and it's, uh, it's something we can't allow to happen.

Well, that's really nice, and Rush is special and, you know, he's going through a hard time with that problem, and I'll tell you what he's so tough, he's so tough, and he's a great, he's a great gentleman. You know, we gave him the Presidential Medal of Freedom, the highest award you can get, and I gave it to him in Congress.

It was very interesting to see, one side was absolutely going wild, and the other side wasn't so excited about it, and that's the way life is. But, Rush is, uh, he's a great one, and there's nobody like him. And, you are, too, and thank you very much. You've been so fantastic.

Thank you very much.

Well, good.

Very good. We'll do it again.

Take care of yourself.

Thank you very much. Bye.