Thank you. Coronavirus: how's it going? Give us an update, you know.

I think it's really going well. We did something very fortunate: we closed up to certain areas of the world very, very early -- far earlier than we were supposed to. I took a lot of heat for doing it. It turned out to be the right move, and we only have 15 people and they are getting better, and hopefully they're all better soon.

There's one who is quite sick, but maybe he's gonna be fine.

Well, they're forcing money because they want to make, you know, we needed two and a half billion, and they want to give us eight and a half billion. So I said, I'll take it, I'll take it if you want to do that, we'll take it. But they -- they're very disparaging, y'know, every time they have a chance, they say oh, he should do more.

There's nothing more you can do. We got -- we have the greatest professionals in the world, and, you know, you put a camera in their face, and they'll just disparage, disparage, and they won't even know it. They know we're doing a great job. We have great, great people. We're prepared for the worst, but we think we're going to be very fortunate.

Well, I've known her for a long time and, you know,stone cold loser. This woman is a just a woman that is so untalented, and they want to write -- that's The New York Times, I call the failing New York Times. Before I ran, that paper was going out of business, and it'll go out someday, and let's say, five years or so, and while we wrap it up, but the country is doing really well.

We got hit by this unexpected situation from China, and it'll all work out. It'll all work out fine.

Well, I think we have a very strong vote. We essentially don't have a primary. We have a big win. We've been doing -- where we do have little primaries, we've been getting tremendous amounts of votes. You saw it -- record votes. You spoke to me about it. It was a record in Iowa, a record in New Hampshire.

So we're really sort of observers a little bit here, and we just hope that their best person wins, and then we're going to take the best person.

So, I look -- I think that a lot of money is being spent by a couple of them. Nobody ever heard of Steyer. I don't know who he is, where he is, where he comes from. I don't see him --

Well, he made money with coal, and then he goes around complaining about coal. He's a total phony. And Biden is Biden. You know, he said 150 million people were killed by guns in our nation. That's half our population. Nobody told me about that. If I ever said that, they'd run me out of town. I'd be gone.

I don't quite get it. But, you know, whatever. Six times with the wrong states. You do that, that's game changing.

But not for him. And then, Bernie is Bernie, right? Bernie is crazy.

I think it -- I'm sorry to do that to you. But maybe it helps. I mean, it's good. Your career can't get any better. So, I -- I'm not worried about that.

Well, he was very nice in doing it, and I'm very honored by it, and we've done a lot for the African-American people and community. We have, between opportunity zones and all of the -- that we've done for criminal justice reform. You know, we got criminal justice reform done, and nobody else could have done it, and I think one of the big things that nobody even really understands, even though we say it all the time, the best job numbers African-Americans have ever had.

The best numbers, by far, the best numbers. So a lot of things are going great, and I think we're going to do very well with the African-American, or black. vote.

You've been a friend of mine for a long time. Thank you very much.

Thank you very much Eric. Thank you.