Yeah. Wise guy over here. All the same, hundred percent.

Hundred percent. And I'll even say, you, only for purposes of this interview, but other than that, all the same.

That's true.

I do. And I think that you're getting a little hot on Twitter sometimes. You know, uh, it's really, I don't call it Twitter, I call it social media and it's a way of getting out to the world and you get out to the world too on my behalf and on the country's behalf because you want to see good things happen.

And sometimes you'll say things that you probably regret. How often does that happen to you?

So I watched his first statement, which was a beautiful statement, proud of the flag, proud of the country, proud of everything. Talked about his father and his grandfather serving. And then the following day, it was almost like I take it back. I was shocked because I consider him a great football player, but I consider him a champion and a star, and I didn't understand what was going on. And he took it back and I've never seen anything like it. And I think he hurt himself very badly.

And I was going to put out that he'll regret that in the future years because you stand for the flag. You have to stand for the flag and the anthem, our national anthem, you have to stand. And I think the NFL is going to have a lot of problems if they don't. And I think the same thing with the U.S. Soccer, they said, they're not going to have to stand.

Well, if they don't stand, nobody's going to want to watch it. And I think they'll have a lot of problems, but I think the NFL will -- that'll be a tremendous PR. I was very surprised. I like Roger Goodell. Uh, I was very shocked that he made that statement. It didn't even look like there was any pressure on him.

We made it out of nowhere in summertime. What's he doing? Why is he doing that? So I was disappointed with Roger Goodell. I was very disappointed with Drew Brees, cause he's a warrior.

And he just caved under the pressure. You know, a lot of warriors, they cave under PR pressure.

Because there's manners, you said, Oh, this isn't right. And his teammates said this isn't right. And everybody said, and all of a sudden he's out there disclaiming about the flag and the country. And he doesn't -- I don't believe he believes his second statement as much --

By the way, he may believe it. But what he should be doing is not talking about the second he should have stuck with his first.

He should have fought through it.

It says to me -- I didn't know that. And it says to me we're going to immediately make a commercial out of that if that's true. Is that true?

How do I -- say no more. It's a great commercial.

Because it happens to be true. OK? We speak the truth.

I'm fighting for you. And I love doing it with everything that I have, and you know that. I'm Donald Trump, and I approve this message. I was a good president.

So as you know, I hosted Saturday Night Live.

And it was the topic for many years before I ever did the political thing. Many years, it was a topic on Saturday Night Live. But I really don't watch it anymore. I don't find it funny. Rarely do I find it funny. But I don't find it funny. I find it very mean-spirited. I find it a DNC affiliate, the DNC, right?

And I think it's -- I just don't think it's a good show. I really don't. I don't see a lot of talent. I think that the person that portrays me is terribly untalented.

They used to have --

Darrell Hammond was great. They used to have Darrell Hammond, and he was great.

And then others, too, but Darrell Hammond was great. But no, it's not -- it's not a good depiction in my opinion. But there's nothing funny. It used to be a funny kind of a thing. And it's just -- there's just nothing going. They do it on PR. They do it on something. Maybe they do it on the fact that it's been there a long time.

At one point, it was going to be taken off. I think if I didn't win or if I didn't run, I don't think it would be on the air anymore. And I don't say that in a braggadocious way. I don't think it would be on the air anymore. Go ahead.

He's doing a good interview.

I think what I'll do is just sit back, relax, and enjoy watching a great country. And hopefully, we'll have somebody in that's going to keep it great. But this country is going to do so well. We did it once, and we're going to do it again, and we're doing it in very good style. We're doing it at a level that nobody thought possible.

The job numbers came out last week, and they went through the roof.

It's going to continue. And hopefully, we're going to have a tremendous victory. We're going to have a safe country. We're going to have a country based on lots of good things, fairness, equality, and also law and order. And we're doing really very well. I hope you sit back, and you're going to be proud of what's happened because you've really helped me a lot.

And I say that truthfully. The family has been great. Kimberly's been great. We've had so much support from the family. But we're going to have a tremendous success. I did it once. We had the greatest numbers we've ever had.

African American employment. If you look at that -- employment and unemployment. But if you look at Asian, if you look at Hispanic, if you look at women, if you look at any group, young people without a diploma, people with diplomas, everything, every single group, they were doing better than they've ever done.

And then one day, the Chinese plague came over. And I had to close the country, and we saved millions of lives by doing that. Don't let anyone ever tell you different. We saved millions of lives. Potentially -- I didn't even want to tell you the numbers that I've heard, but at a minimum, it would be 1,000,000 to 1,500,000 as opposed to 150,000, 175,000 when it dies out.

And it is dying out. The numbers are starting to get very good. But I think that we will do it very rapidly a second time, much more rapidly. One of the reasons that we're doing so well is we've built a tremendous base. We had a great foundation. So when we said, let's go, open -- and we're having a lot of resistance from Democrats that are keeping their states closed.

They're keeping their states closed. They let Seattle be taken over. Think of it. Seattle, a great city, a big chunk of Seattle taken over. And the news doesn't want to write about it. You rarely see -- or you certainly see very little about it in the lamestream media. So I will tell you that we are going to have a country that's going to be back so fast, and it's already happened.

Well, he had a long time to do a lot of things, and he didn't. And he's certainly not in condition to do it now. He is not equipped to do it. He's not equipped. I want to -- I don't want to go further than that. When you say, give me a definition of equipped, I'm not going to give you that definition. But I think everybody else knows what I'm talking about.

You know what I'm talking about very well. He's in no condition to do it, and everybody knows it. And he's China's dream.

What you told me about Osama bin Laden, I'd like to see that because that's an incredible statement. But that's true with China. That's true with everybody. Iran. That's true with North Korea. Look what I've done. North Korea -- we would be in a war -- we would have been in a war if Hillary got in.

And now we're talking. We talk, talk, talk, and that's fine.

So the cities that are having trouble are Democratic-run cities, meaning Democrats.

And, you know, the word is the Democrat Party. It doesn't sound as pretty, but that's the -- but the Democrat-run cities are the ones that are having the trouble. It's a very simple thing. You look at Seattle, you look at -- when you go to Minnesota and you take a look at what's taken place there, it's incredible.

They tried to take over a great city, Minneapolis, and they have taken it and took it over until I said, "You have to bring in the National Guard." When the National Guard went in, it was, like, so beautiful. One evening, all of a sudden, you saw them lining up, and it was all over. So it's a very sad thing, but I happen to think it's explaining to people that are getting ready to vote on November 3rd that there's only one answer.

And you cannot go back to the bedlam that would -- because you would have this whole country -- the country, I don't believe would ever recover from it. You'll have a situation like Seattle times a thousand. The country would never -- it will never survive it. It will never survive it.

So I think if we win, the answer is yes. But I think regardless, we're going to have a tremendously successful country. I think that our country is going to be stronger than ever before. I think that next year is going to be a tremendous success. I feel that if the Democrats get in, we are literally going to end up in a recession/depression, the likes of which you've never seen.

There will be tremendous negative growth. There will be tremendous bedlam all over the place. There won't be law and order. You'll have a Seattle, you'll have a Minneapolis like you've never seen before. The whole country will be Minneapolis. And we saved it by me enforcing and sending the troops in, the National Guard.

I insisted on it. But that was after four days. I should have done it on night number one instead of having the police run down the street, run away, give up the precinct. Nobody's ever seen a thing like that. So I think that -- I think we're going to have a tremendous success. I think we'll actually --I think by that time, the Democrats are just going to say, let's work with the president.

So last time, I got a lot of Bernie Sanders' voters, as you know, a very good percentage. People were shocked mostly because of trade, because one thing Bernie was right-on was trade. He said that everybody in this country is being hurt badly by our trade deals that are so bad. And I got a lot of support from Bernie Sanders.

I think I'm going to have it again this time. If you look at what's happened and they talk about the popular vote, which would be much easier for me, I'd campaign a whole different way. But they talk about -- they took Jill Stein. Hillary lost some votes to Jill Stein, let's assume, but I lost far more votes to Gary Johnson running on the Libertarian Party.

They got 4% or 5%. Had I gotten those votes, I win the popular vote, but I never went for the popular vote. I only went for the Electoral College. We have tremendous support in this country for what we're doing, and it'll go on, and it'll be more and more successful. I'm telling you, next year will be one of the most successful years in the history of our country.

Well, I don't like it on you, as I've told you.

And I think that's fine if you want to do it. I'm a libertarian in that way.

You can do whatever you want. But I don't like it on you. I think that Rand and Ted looked better without it, both friends of mine. They're both doing a fantastic job, and they're both defending me all over the place. Good-looking guys. I think they both look better personally without it. But I also think that they should do what they want to do, and that's what they'll do. And in some cases, I think it's good.

But in your case, just get rid of it. Oh, my God.

So many people ask me that question.

It sounds like a kid question, but it's actually -- there are millions and millions of people that want to go there, that want to see it. I won't talk to you about what I know about it, but it's very interesting. But Roswell's a very interesting place with a lot of people that would like to know what's going on.

Well, I'll have to think about that one. Right?

I'll have to think --

Well, based on my relationship with you, I have. He is quite a character.

He is quite a character, but you wouldn't want me to say that. But that's a whole strange deal going on, I'll tell you. That's a strange guy and a lot of strange people surrounding him. And it was interesting. I got to see a couple of those episodes. It's interesting.

It must be done. I had a feeling it was not. Is that what he said?

I think I do understand you well. And you're doing a great job.

Good. Thank you very much. OK.

OK. OK?

You could stay behind and just ask a couple of the questions without me here if you wanted to just -- I see that's, you know, that's something a lot of the big anchors do. They'll say, "Thank you very much." And then they'll sit in the chair, and they'll re-ask a couple of questions. But I think he did a good job.