Well, I certainly think so. And I certainly hope so. And the relationships we have are incredible. The spirit of this country, and especially considering what happened. I mean, we had out of nowhere a plague come in from China. It just came in. And it came to all over the world. It went all over the world.

You look at one hundred and eighty six countries and they were devastated. And we were certainly hit very hard. Some were hit harder than us, relatively, but we were hit very, very hard. And now we're making a comeback. And then on top of it, we had the riots, which were unnecessary to the extent they were.

If the governors and mayors would have taken stronger action, I think the riots would have been you could call a as you could call them, riots. So different nights, different things. In Minneapolis, they weren't numerous nights. And then I said, you got to get the guard and they got the guard in there. And it all stopped.

They could have done that earlier. Now you look at what's going on and, look at a couple of places that are still in such great shape. But then you look at Seattle. Then what's that all about? How do they allow that to happen? It's just a bad philosophy. So I think it's incredible where we are and what we've done, considering where we came from.

We were riding high, we were the greatest economy in history, we have the greatest employment numbers in history, including black, African-American. If you look at the African-American numbers were incredible, the best they've ever been--Spanish, if you look at Hispanic and Asian numbers, women numbers, everybody.

And then we get hit with this plague, this horrible plague. And it was devastating for many ways, including the lives that were lost that can never be regained. Economics, we're going to gain economically. We're going to be great next year. We will have a fantastic I think we're gonna have a fantastic third quarter.

But you can never replace the lives.

Protesters for different reasons. You're protesting also because, you know, they just didn't know. I've watch. I watched very closely. Why are you here? They really weren't able to say, but they were there for a reason, perhaps. But a lot of them really were there because they following the crowd. A lot of them there were there because what we witnessed was a terrible thing.

What we saw was a terrible thing. And we've seen it over the years. We haven't you know, this was one horrible example, but you've seen other terrible examples. You know that better than anybody would would know it. And I know it. I've seen it, too. I've seen it before I was president. I've seen it. I think it's a shame.

I think it's a disgrace. And it's got to stop at the same time. You also know that we have incredible people in law enforcement that we have to cherish them and take care of them. And we can't let something like this, we have a bad apple go out and, you know, destroy the image of a whole of millions of people that take really good care of us. And then you have a movement where they say, let's not have a police department.

And you say, where are these people coming from?

That's a big step when he says no, because everyone understands that. And I don't know, is that just a phrase to break things up?

I'm not talking. About him. I'm saying when they talk about police, when they actually talk about beyond de-funding, they actually go all out because defunding to a lot of people means break up the police forces and either that or don't give them any money. So essentially breaking it up.

I want to see really compassionate but strong law enforcement, police force. But law enforcement.

Yeah. I don't like chokeholds. I will say this, as somebody that, you know, you grow up and you wrestle and you fight and you were you see what happens sometimes if you're alone and you're fighting somebody who's tough and you get somebody in a chokehold. What you going to do, say, oh, and it's a real bad person and you know that.

And they do exist. I mean, we have some real bad people. You saw that during the last couple of weeks. You saw some very good people protesting. You saw some bad people also. And you get somebody in a chokehold. And what you going to do now? Let go and say, oh, let's start all over again. I'm not allowed to have you in a chokehold.

It's a tough situation. Now, if you have two people in case we're talking about--four people and two of them, I guess, just pretty much started. So it's a very, very, very tricky situation. So the chokehold thing is good because to talk about, because off the cuff, it would sound like absolutely. But if you're thinking about it, then you realize maybe there is a bad fight and the officer gets somebody in a position that's a very tough position.

I think you have to probably say

I really am. And I think the concept of chokehold sounds so innocent, so perfect. And then you realize if it's a one on one. Now if it's two on one, that's a little bit of a different story, depending on the toughness and strength. You know, we're talking about toughness and strength. We are talking there's a physical thing here also.

But if a police officer is in a bad scuffle and he's got somebody

And that does happen. And that does happen. So you have to be careful with that being said. It would be, I think, a very good thing that generally speaking, it be should be ended.

Well, it could be at the local level.

It could be local level. And in some cases it will be local level. But I think we can certainly make recommendations and they can be very strong recommendations.

So that's an expression I've heard over the years.

I think Philadelphia, the mayor of Philadelphia.

It also comes from a very tough mayor who I might have been police commissioner at the time, but I think mayor of Philadelphia named Frank Rizzo and he had an expression like that. But I've heard it many times. I think it's been used many times. It means two things very different things. One is if there's looting, there's probably going to be shooting.

And that's not as a threat. That's really just a fact, because that's what happens. And the other is, if there's looting, there's going to be shooting. There's a very, very different meanings.

No, there's very different meanings.

I think they see it both ways. I mean, I've had it viewed both ways. I think it's meant both ways, not by the same person. But when the looting starts, it oftentimes means there's going to be shooting, there's going to be death, there's going to be killing. And it's a bad thing. And it's also used as a threat.

It's used both ways. But if you think about it, look at what happened, how people were devastated with the looting. Look at what happened.

No, but I know exactly what you're going to say.

Think about it as a celebration. Morale is celebration.

We're going to Oklahoma. And if you think about it relative to your question, think about it as a celebration. Don't think about it as an inconvenience. Think about this as a celebration, not as this will be.

That the fact that I'm having a rally on that day, you can really think about that very positively as a celebration. Because a rally to me is a celebration.  It's going to be really a celebration and it's an interesting date. It wasn't done for that reason, but it's an interesting day. But it's a celebration.

Well, we are going to do lots of - I think good things, but we also have to keep our police and our law enforcement strong. But they have to do it right. They have to be trained in a proper manner. They have to do it right. Again, the sad thing is that they are very professional. But when you see an event like that with the more than eight minutes of horror, it's really 8 minutes of horror - it's a disgrace and then people start saying, well, are all police like that?

They don't know. Maybe they don't think about it that much. It doesn't make any difference. The fact is they start saying, well, police are like that. Police aren't like that.

Yes, I think so. I think the law and order president can keep a situation like Seattle from ever happening. It should never happen. What happened in Seattle, what happened in Minneapolis should never happened.

Because I saw her break down, I saw her leave, I saw her have absolutely no control. I saw her make a lot of bad decisions including, don't do anything that is going to affect anybody.

Toughness sometimes is the most compassionate, because people are getting badly hurt. Look at what happened in Minneapolis where they left the precinct. The city which is a great place, I've been there many times. It's a great place.

By being compassionate, by being compassionate, she thought she was being compassionate or in the case of Minneapolis the young gentlemen, the mayor thought he was being compassionate. I mean what was that all about? And look at the damage and the travesty and the small businesses and the death. Look at what happened.

So by being soft and weak you end up not being compassionate. It ends up being a very dangerous situation.

Tim Scott -- great senator.

I think I've done more for the black community than any other president. And let's take a pass on Abraham Lincoln, because he did good. Although it's always questionable, you know, in other words, the end result.

We are free. Well, you understand what I mean? You know, I got to take a pass on a Honest Abe, as we call it.

Well, look. Criminal justice reform. Nobody else could. I've done it. I did it. I didn't get a lot of notoriety. And the fact the people I did it for then go on television and thank everybody but me and they needed me to get it done. And I got it done. And I got five or six Republicans Senators who had no interest in getting it done.

And they were great. And we got it done. We did that. The historically black colleges and universities were not funded. They weren't funded. I got them funded on a long term basis and took care of. I became friendly every year for three years. You know the story. They were the heads, the deans, the heads, the presidents, the universities and colleges would come up. I got to know them--44 or so people would come up to the Oval Office.

First year was normal. I said, all right, let's do second year. I said, why are you back again? Don't they? Third year? I said, why are you here? They said, because for many years we've had to come back here every single year. One of them, great people who said, we have to beg for money. I said, you shouldn't be begging.

You should be back at your colleges or universities and you should be teaching and doing the job. I got them long term money more than they had, much more than they had. And I got it permanent. They don't have to come back into Washington, D.C. I said the only bad part is I won't see you again maybe. It was true.

So I like 44 guys. They were great people. But I took care of that. Opportunity zones. I did that. Prison reform.

Harris honestly, the opportunity zones where vast amounts of money are going into areas that never got money. They're investing. The people that put the money had tax advantages. They get certain advantages otherwise they're not going to put up the money and it affects tremendously the employment in areas that were absolutely dead or dying.

They were bouncing back really well and then we got the plague but we'll get this straightened out with what this is now we can never gain back the lives that were lost but outside of that we're going to be in very strong shape. We have tremendous stimulus. We have a lot of things happening.

Yes. I called his wife last night.

With Chief Dorn, so I spoke to his wife. She was devastated. Sounds just like a great woman. But did you see all the people that went that funeral? It was incredible. So the people get it. But whatever it is, you'll have to explain this one to me. It wasn't covered. This was an African-American top guy many years on the force.

And he wasn't being aggressive.

He was it very professional guy and he was killed. And why didn't that get any airtime? And yet the people got it. Because when you looked at what, I don't know if you got to see that.

The line was around the block.

But no he was a great gentleman.

I just say this. If there were more toughness, you wouldn't have the kind of devastation that you had in Minneapolis and in Seattle. I mean, let's see what's going on. So I will tell you, if they don't straighten that situation out, we're going to straighten it out.

What I mean is very simple. We're not going to let Seattle be occupied by anarchists. And I'm not calling them protestors.

No, I but I got to see a performance that I've never seen. I mean, you think he was a weak person in Minneapolis? The woman I don't know. Has she ever done this before? Oh, it's pathetic. No, no. We're not going to let this happen in Seattle. If we have to go in, we're going to go in. The governor's either going to do it. Let the governor do it. He's got great National Guard troops so he can do it. But one way or the other, it's going to get done.

These people are not going to occupy a major portion of a great city. They're not going to do it. And they can solve that problem very easily.

I think it was a beautiful picture. And I'll tell you, I think Christians think it was a beautiful picture.

No, no, it's no. I mean, if that's the way they feel. I think that's fine. I have good relationships with the military. I've rebuilt our military. I spent two and a half trillion dollars. Nobody else did. When we took it over from President Obama and Biden, the military was a joke. The military was depleted.

No, I didn't.

Look, Joe is just not all there. Everybody knows it. And it's sad when you look at it and you see it, you see it for yourself. He's created his own sanctuary city in the basement of wherever he is. And he doesn't come out. And certainly if I don't win, I don't win. I mean, you know, go on and do other things I think would be a very sad thing for our country.