Thank you very much, Sean. Thank you.

Well, it's been very unfair. From the day I won. And I really say from far before the day I won. From the day I came down the escalator with our future First Lady who's doing such a good job. To be honest with you, I think it's, it's probably, it probably started from there. It's been a very, very unfair process, Um the Mueller Report, Russia, Russia, Russia.

As you say, which was total nonsense. It was all nonsense. The whole thing was nonsense. But it was a very unfair and mostly it was unfair to my family. I mean my family suffered because of all of this, and many other families suffered also. It was a very, very. It's a very serious thing. It should never happen to another president.

Well I'd like to, but it's pretty hard when you think about it because it's been such um I use the word witch hunt - I use the word hoax. I see the hatred. I see the level -- they don't care about fairness, they don't care about lying. You look at the lies, you look at the reports that were done that were so false.

The, um, the level of hypocrisy. So I'm not sure that they can do it, to be honest. I think they just want to win and it doesn't matter how they win. In the meantime, I really believe this administration, me and this administration, we've done more than any administration in the history of our country. We've rebuilt our military.

We've cut taxes at the highest amount ever in the history of our country. I mean you see what's going on. There's a revolution going on in this country. I mean a positive revolution. So African-American, Hispanic-American, Asian-American. We have the best numbers we've ever had. African-American, the poverty numbers are now reversed.

And they're the best that they've ever had. So I don't know how anybody could possibly beat me with that vote. So we'll see how it does.

So Sean, I think that with the economy being the best probably it's ever been in the history of our country. I mean it is the best it's ever been. The unemployment numbers are the best. I should be up by 25 points. What they've done is they've really -- all the media. I call it the fake news, and it is fake news, so much of it. And a lot of the fakeness is they don't want to report the good stuff.

They don't want to report that the economy is good.

No, I'm gonna have it. It's going to be done. We're gonna talk about the achievements that we've made. Nobody has made achievements like we've made, so many different things, I'm so proud of what we've done for our vets with choice, we got them choice, we got them accountability, where we can take care of our vets.

Where we can get rid of people who aren't taking care of our vets.

Ok

I just think of sleepy. I just watch him. He's sleepy. Sleepy Joe.

Where's Hunter? Where is he? He made millions of dollars. He went from having no job, no income, he had nothing. As you know he had a very sad experience in the military. He has nothing, to making millions and millions and millions and millions of dollars a year. Not just from Ukraine, from China and from other countries.

How can you do this? This is crooked as hell. What they did is very dishonest.

Well, I think he's a communist. I mean you know, look. I think of communism when I think of Bernie. Now you could say socialist, but didn't he get married in Moscow? And that's wonderful, Moscow is wonderful.

You don't think necessarily, well, whatever. But you don't necessarily think in terms of marriage, Moscow. And it's wonderful. I'm not knocking it, but I think of Bernie sort of as a socialist but far beyond a socialist.

At least he's true to what he believes, that's one thing because you mention now, Elizabeth Warren. She's not true to it. I call her fairy tale because everything is a fairy tale. That's how Pocahontas got started. Everything is a fairy tale. This woman can't tell the truth.

Uh, very little. I just think of little. You know, now he wants a box for the debates to stand on. Okay, it's okay, there's nothing wrong. You can be short. Why should he get a box to stand on, okay? He wants a box for the debates. Why should he be entitled to that? Really. Does that mean everyone else gets a box?

The other thing that's very interesting, Cory Booker and all these people couldn't get any of the things that Bloomberg is getting now. I think it's very unfair for the Democrats, but I would love to run against Bloomberg. I would love it.

I think of emails, I think the email scandal, how she got away with that is a disgrace. I think it's a disgrace.

Uh, I think she's a very confused, very nervous woman. I don't think she wanted to do this, I think she really knew what was going to happen and it's her worst nightmare has happened. I don't think she's going to be there too long, either. I think that the radical left -- and she's sort of radical left, too, by the way -- but I think the radical left is going to take over.

I have to sit back and watch...

I mean I'm watching and I have little nicknames for all of them.

But they're accurate. I mean they're very accurate. You look at Sleepy Joe. What's going on with him? He's having a hard time. You look at Bernie. I call him crazy Bernie. They're now sort of rigging the election against him again. I see what's going on. They're rigging it against him.

Well, we pretty much shut it down coming in from China. We have a tremendous relationship with China, which is a very positive thing. Getting along with China, getting along with Russia, getting along with these countries...

Oh yeah, no we're offering them tremendous help. We have the best in the world for that. We've done a tremendous job in many other instances also on that even recently. No, no, we've offered China help, but we can't have thousands of people coming in who may have this problem, the Coronavirus. So we're gonna see what happens, but we did shut it down, yes.

It's true

Well, it is. It's sort of a little bit of a microcosm of life. Ya know you have winners, you have champions, you have people that you expect to see that final play. You have great coaches like Belichick. You have people that you expect more out of, and often times they produce, but then you have people that you just don't expect they're gonna do it and often times they don't. It's a microcosm of life.

Thank you. Thank you very much.

So --

They're going to give away things that are impossible.

They're going to -- They're going to stop energy production. That wipes out Texas and many other states. They're going to get rid of your Second Amendment. But here's the one thing: I've always heard cut taxes, cut taxes. Great, they cut taxes. They want to double and triple your taxes. They want to quadruple your taxes.

They want to take everything away from you. If they get in, it all collapses, and -- and you know what's going to happen? People's wealth, whether it's big or modest or whatever it is, you'll end up in a recession depression like we've never seen before. People's wealth will be destroyed.

Okay, so I watch this guy. He's terrible. You know --

He's not a smart person, at all. But I watch that phony laugh. That wasn't a laugh. He was -- he was trying to act -- puts his head down, hh he's laughing so hard. There's nothing funny about what was said.