Thank you very much.

Cases.

Yes, cases.

Chris, that's because we have great testing, because we have the best testing in the world. If we didn't test, you wouldn't be able to show that chart. If we tested half as much, those numbers would be down.

No, no. But I don't say -- I say flames, we'll put out the flames. And we'll put out in some cases just burning embers. We also have burning embers. We have embers and we do have flames. Florida became more flame like, but it's -- it's going to be under control. And, you know, it's not just this country, it's many countries.

We don't talk about it in the news. They don't talk about Mexico and Brazil and still parts of Europe, which actually got hit sooner than us, so it's a little ahead of us in that sense. But you take a look, why don't they talk about Mexico? Which is not helping us. And all I can say is thank God I built most of the wall, because if I didn't have the wall up we would have a much bigger problem with Mexico.

Yeah. I think what we'll do -- well, we have them under travel ban too, Chris. I closed them off. If you remember, I was the one that did the European Union very early. But when you talk about mortality rates, I think it's the opposite. I think we have one of the lowest mortality rates in the world.

We will take a look...

Ready?

Can you please get me the mortality rate?

Kayleigh's right here. I heard we have one of the lowest, maybe the lowest mortality rate anywhere in the world.

Do you have the numbers, please? Because I heard we had the best mortality rate.

Number, number one low mortality rate.

I hope you show the scenario because it shows what fake news is all about. Ok, go ahead.

Yeah, you will --

You said we had the worst mortality rate in the world --

-- and we have the best.

Look, I take responsibility always for everything because it's ultimately my job, too. I have to get everybody in line. Some governors have done well, some governors have done poorly. They're supposed to have supplies they didn't have. I supplied everybody. Now we have somewhat of a surge in certain areas.

And other areas we're doing great. But we have a surge in certain areas. But you don't hear people complaining about ventilators. We've got all the ventilators we can use. We're supplying them to other countries. We go out into parking lots and everything, everybody gets a test. We find -- if we did half the testing -- with all of that being said, I'm glad we did it. This is the right way to do it. I'm glad we did what we're doing.

But we have more tests by far than any country in the world.

Well, that's good.

Many of those cases...

Many of those cases are young people that would heal in a day. They have the sniffles and we put it down as a test. Many of them -- don't forget, I guess it's like 99.7 percent, people are going to get better and in many cases they're going to get better very quickly. We go out and we look and then on the news -- look if you go back to the news, all of your -- even your wonderful competitors, you'll see cases are up. Cases are up -- many of those cases shouldn't even be cases.

Cases are up because we have the best testing in the world and we have the most testing. No country has ever done what we've done in terms of testing. We are the envy of the world. They call and they say the most incredible job anybody's done is our job on testing, because we're going to very shortly be up to 50 million tests.

You look at other countries; they don't even do tests. They do tests if somebody walks into the hospital, they're sick, they're really sick, they test them then, or they'll test them in a doctor's office. But they don't go around have massive areas of testing and we do. And I'm glad we do, but it really skews the numbers.

I don't play it -- I'm not playing -- no, this is very serious.

Show me the death chart.

Well, the death chart is much more important.

Excuse me, it's all too much, it shouldn't be one case. It came from China. They should've never let it escape. They should've never let it out. But it is what it is. Take a look at Europe, take a look at the numbers in Europe. And by the way, they're having cases.

They don't test. They don't test.

It's possible that they don't test, that's what's possible. We find cases and many of those cases heal automatically. We're finding -- in a way, we're creating trouble. Certainly, we are creating trouble for the fake news to come along and say, "Oh, we have more cases." Look, we do something that nobody's ever done.

Not only the ventilators, where we're supplying them all over the world. We did a testing program the likes of which nobody's ever done before.

I don't know and I don't think he knows. I don't think anybody knows with this. This is a very tricky deal. Everybody thought this summer it would go away and it would come back in the fall. Well, when the summer came, they used to say the heat -- the heat was good for it and it really knocks it out, remember?

And then it might come back in the fall. So they got that one wrong. They -- they got a lot wrong. They got a lot wrong. The World Health got a tremendous amount wrong. They basically did whatever China wanted them to. And we'll save now almost $500 million a year, which is nice. But the World Health got a lot wrong.

I agree.

No, I...

Because we're not. If one man from my administration doesn't like him because he made a few mistakes -- look, Dr. Fauci said, "Don't wear a mask." Dr. Fauci told me not to ban China, it would be a big mistake. I did it over and above his recommendation. Dr. Fauci then said, "You saved tens of thousands of lives" -- more than that.

He said, "You saved tens of thousands of lives." Dr. Fauci's made some mistakes. But I have a very good -- I spoke to him yesterday at length. I have a very good relationship with Dr. Fauci.

Well Dr., look, look...

Well, I don't know that he's a leaker ....

He's a little bit of an alarmist. That's OK. A little bit of an alarmist.

A little bit of an alarmist. Let's -- let me just say. Dr. Fauci at the beginning -- and again, I have a great relationship with him. I spoke with him at length yesterday. Dr. Fauci at the beginning said, "This will pass. Don't worry about it. This will pass." He was wrong. Dr. Fauci said, "Don't ban China.

Don't ban China." I did. He then admitted that I was right.

I guess everybody makes mistakes.

It's one person coming in from China, and we have it under control. It's going to be just fine.

When you have 15 people. And the 15 within a couple of days is going to be down to close to zero, that's a pretty good job we've done.

I think we're gonna be very good with the coronavirus. I think that at some point that's going to sort of just disappear. I hope.

I'll be right eventually. I will be right eventually. You know I said, "It's going to disappear." I'll say it again.

It's going to disappear and I'll be right. I don't think so.

I don't think so. I don't think so. You know why? Because I've been right probably more than anybody else.

Yes.

No I want people to have a certain freedom, and I don't believe in that. No, and I don't agree with the statement that if everybody wear a mask everything disappears. Hey, Dr. Fauci said don't wear a mask. Our Surgeon General -- terrific guy -- said don't wear a mask. Everybody who is saying don't wear a mask -- all of sudden everybody's got to wear a mask, and as you know masks cause problems, too.

With that being said, I'm a believer in masks. I think masks are good. But I leave it up to the governors. Many of the governors are changing. They're more mask into -- they like the concept of masks, but some of them don't agree. I do say this -- schools have to open. Young people have to go to school, and there's problems when you don't go to school, too.

And there's going to be a funding problem because we're not going to fund -- when they don't open their schools. We're not going to fund them. We're not going to give them money if they're not going to school. If they don't open.

Ten percent and you know what -- that's a lot of money.

Let the schools --

Chris, let the schools open. Do you ever see the statistics on young people below the age of 18? The state of New Jersey had thousands of deaths. Of all of these thousands, one person below the age of 18 -- in the entire state -- one person and that was a person that had, I believe he said diabetes. One person below the age of 18 died in the state of New Jersey during all of this -- you know, they had a hard time.

And they're doing very well now, so that's it.

Yes.

But a lot of Republicans like it, though.

Well, we're going to see. But we do need protections because businesses are going to get sued just because somebody walked in. You don't know where this virus comes from. They'll sit down at a restaurant. They'll sue the restaurant, the guy's out of business.

So we do need some kind of immunity. You do need it just like you need immunity for the police, OK, whether they like it or not. You need immunity for the police. But they do need a form of immunity. You don't know if they caught it. And nobody's ever going to be able to prove it one way or the other. You can't put these -- you know, the people that -- look, the Democrats don't want to do that because they're total -- they're totally captured by the lobby of lawyers.

The lawyers' lobby is probably the most powerful in the country.

I want to see it. I want to see it.

I'll have to see but, yeah, I would consider not signing it if we don't have a payroll tax cut, yes.

It's hot. It's about, well, sort of almost record breaking stuff.

But I wanted you to sweat a little bit.

I explain it very simply by saying that they're Democrat-run cities, they are liberally run. They are stupidly run. We have forced them in Seattle to end the CHOP because, you know, we were going in that following day. You probably have heard it. We were getting ready to go in. We were all set, and when they heard that we were going they set their police force.

Poorly.

They run them poorly, it was always bad but now it's gotten totally out of control and it's really because they want to defund the police. And Biden wants to defund the police.

Look. He signed a charter with Bernie Sanders; I will get that one just like I was right on the mortality rate. Did you read the charter that he agreed to with...

Oh really? It says abolish, it says -- let's go. Get me the charter, please.

Chris, you've got to start studying for these.

He says defund the police. They talk about abolishing the police. They talk about illegal aliens pouring ...

Of course I do. Of course I do. Many whites are killed also. You have to say that.

I mean, many, many whites are killed. I hate the sad -- but this is going on for decades. This is going on for a long time, long before I got here. You know, if you look at what's gone on in Portland, those are anarchists and we've taken a very tough stand. If we didn't take a stand in Portland, you know we've arrested many of these leaders.

If we didn't take that stand, right now you would have a problem like you, you -- they were going to lose Portland. So let's see...

...what this says here: Prosecutions, sanctuary cities, incentivize illegal aliens, expand asylum, abolish immigration detention --

No. I, I -- we'll find it.

This thing is many pages long.

End prosecution of illegal border crossers. Support deathly -- and these are the worse things, sanctuary cities --

Yeah.

It depends on who you're talking about, when you're talking about.

When people -- when people proudly have their Confederate flags, they're not talking about racism. They love their flag, it represents the south, they like the south. People right now like the south. I'd say it's freedom of, of, of many things, but it's freedom of speech.

Well, I'm not offended either by Black Lives Matter. That's freedom of speech. And you know, the whole thing with cancel culture, we can't cancel our whole history. We can't forget that the north and the south fought. We have to remember that, otherwise we'll end up fighting again. You can't just cancel all...

Yeah.

No, because they'll get their pay raise. Hey, look, don't tell me this. I got soldiers the biggest pay raises in the history of our military.

I got soldiers brand new equipment, brand new jets, brand new rockets, brand new -- $2.5 trillion. I did more for the military than any president that's ever had this office.

Because I think that Fort Bragg, Fort Robert E. Lee, all of these forts that have been named that way for a long time, decades and decades...

...excuse me, excuse me. I don't care what the military says. I do -- I'm supposed to make the decision. Fort Bragg is a big deal. We won two World Wars, nobody even knows General Bragg. We won two World Wars. Go to that community where Fort Bragg is, in a great state, I love that state, go to the community, say how do you like the idea of renaming Fort Bragg, and then what are we going to name it We're going to name it after the Reverend Al Sharpton?

What are you going to name it, Chris, tell me what you're going to name it? So there's a whole thing here. We won two World Wars, two World Wars, beautiful World Wars that were vicious and horrible, and we won them out of Fort Bragg, we won out of all of these forts that now they want to throw those names away.

And, no, I'm against that, and you know what, most other people are. And I even -- I don't believe in polls because I see the fakest polls I've ever seen, but that poll is a 64 percent thing, which actually surprised me. We won World Wars out of these military bases. No, I'm not going to go changing them, I'm not going to go changing them.

I might. Yeah, I might.

Our children are taught in school to hate their own country and to believe that the men and women who built it we're not heroes, but that were villains.

I just look at -- I look at school. I watch, I read, look at the stuff. Now they want to change -- 1492, Columbus discovered America. You know, we grew up, you grew up, we all did, that's what we learned. Now they want to make it the 1619 project. Where did that come from? What does it represent? I don't even know, so.

That's what they're saying, but they don't even know. They just want to make a change. Cancel culture -- I hate the term, actually, but I use it

Oh, I think so yeah, I think so. Look at the professors. Look at what's going on in the colleges. If a conservative goes on a college -- and look, we have as many as them. Excuse me, I think to the best of my knowledge, we're sitting at the White House and the Oval Office is right behind me. We have as many as them.

The liberal radical left, and I'm not talking all -- I think liberal, I could tell you I like a lot of liberal people. I like a lot of liberal governors and senators, but, but Chris, we have a radical left destructive ideology and it's being taught in our schools. And don't act like you're surprised to hear this -- there are books written about it, and we can't let that go on. We can't let them change the true meaning of what we're all about and that's what they're trying to do and I don't want it to happen.

Not on my watch. It's not going to happen on my watch.

First of all, I'm not losing, because those are fake polls. They were fake in 2016 and now they're even more fake. The polls were much worse in 2016. They interviewed 22 percent Republicans. Well, how do you do 22 percent Republican? You see what's going on. I have other polls that put me leading, and we have polls where I'm leading.

I have a poll where we're leading in every swing state. And I don't believe that your -- first of all, the Fox polls, whoever does your Fox polls, they're among the worst. They got it all wrong in 2016. They've been wrong on every poll I've ever seen.

No, I'm just telling you. And let me ask you this, so on the economy -- so I've always led on the economy by a lot.

Biden can't put two sentences together. They wheel him out. He goes up -- he repeats -- they ask him questions. He reads a teleprompter and then he goes back into his basement. You tell me the American people want to have that in an age where we're in trouble with other nations that are looking to do numbers on us.

No, no...

I don't want to say that. I'd say he's not competent to be president. To be president, you have to be sharp and tough and so many other things. He doesn't even come out of his basement. They think, "Oh this is a great campaign." So he goes in, I'll then make a speech, it'll be a great speech, and some young guy, starts writing, "Vice President Biden said this, this, this, this." He didn't say it. Joe doesn't know he's alive, OK? He doesn't know he's alive.

Do the American people want that, number one. Number two, I built the greatest economy ever built anywhere in the world; not only of this country, anywhere in the world. Until we got hit with the China virus. We got hit with the virus, shouldn't have happened, and we had to close up, we saved millions of lives.

Now we've opened it up, got to go back to school. We're open. We've got to do things. We had the best job numbers we've ever had last month. We should have good ones coming up in two weeks. Look, I built the greatest economy in history, I'm now doing it again. You see the numbers; the numbers are through the roof.

The Democrats are purposely keeping their schools closed, keeping their states closed. I called Michigan, I want to have a big rally in Michigan. Do you know we're not allowed to have a rally in Michigan? Do you know we're not allowed to have a rally in Minnesota? Do you know we're not allowed to have a rally in Nevada?

We're not allowed to have rallies.

In these Democrat-run states...

Some people would say fine

But I would guarantee if everything was gone 100 percent, they still wouldn't allow it. They're not allowing me to do it. So they're not -- they're not allowing me to have rallies.

Well, I'll tell you what, let's take a test. Let's take a test right now. Let's go down, Joe and I will take a test. Let him take the same test that I took.

Yeah, how did you do?

No no no...

You see, that's all misrepresentation.

It's all misrepresentation. Because, yes, the first few questions are easy, but I'll bet you couldn't even answer the last five questions. I'll bet you couldn't, they get very hard, the last five questions.

Let me tell you...

... you couldn't answer -- you couldn't answer many of the questions.

I'll get you the test, I'd like to give it. I'll guarantee you that Joe Biden could not answer those questions.

OK. And I answered all 35 questions correctly.

Because he's a great digital guy, we all like him a lot, but I have somebody that was involved -- you know they were all on the 2016 campaign. We have Corey and we have all the people. And actually, Steve Bannon's been much better not being involved. He says the greatest president ever. I mean, he's saying things that I said, "Let's keep Steve out there, he's doing a good job." But they're all being -- they're all involved.

If Joe Biden got in, first of all, he won't call the shots. The people -- the radical left people that's around him will call. Religion will be gone, OK? Life, you could forget about that, the whole question of life. Supreme Court...

Absolutely. 100 percent. That whole question, which is a very -- you know, it's always been a 50-50 thing.

It's actually trending a little bit more towards one side now.

Well, look at what they're doing to the churches. They won't let the churches even open if they want to stand in a field six feet apart. We've had churches that wanted to stand in fields six feet apart. There has never been an administration that's done so much as I have, from tax cuts to regulation cuts to rebuilding the military to getting choice for the vets.

Nobody's done the things I've done. Nobody. In three and a half years no other president's been able to do what I've done.

On purpose.

On purpose.

There is no reason...

They'll be open very soon.

There's no reason for California to be doing what they're doing.

Except for November 3rd.

I don't think so. I think the economy is expanding and growing beautifully. Now, the Democrats want to keep it closed as long as possible because they think that's good for elections. But I think the economy is doing very well. Now we're coming back and we're coming back at a level that nobody would have thought possible.

And we are -- and by the way, take a look at another, I mean, a gauge, whether you like it or not, the stock market. The stock market, NASDAQ hit its all-time high two weeks ago and has beaten it 14 different times, ok? The stock market, Dow, et cetera, is a thousand points away from its all-time high, meaning very close.

We're gonna have a stock market perhaps on November 3rd that's the highest in history.

And replace it.

First of all, we got rid of the individual mandate.

Pre-existing conditions will always be taken care of by me and Republicans, 100 percent.

Well, we haven't had. Excuse me. You heard me yesterday. We're signing a health care plan within two weeks, a full and complete health care plan that the Supreme Court decision on DACA gave me the right to do. So we're going to solve -- we're going to sign an immigration plan, a health care plan, and various other plans.

And nobody will have done what I'm doing in the next four weeks. The Supreme Court gave the president of the United States powers that nobody thought the president had, by approving, by doing what they did -- their decision on DACA. And DACA's going to be taken care of also. But we're getting rid of it because we're going to replace it with something much better.

What we got rid of already, which was most of Obamacare, the individual mandate. And that I've already won on. And we won also on the Supreme Court. But the decision by the Supreme Court on DACA allows me to do things on immigration, on health care, on other things that we've never done before. And you're going to find it to be a very exciting two weeks.

My father liked to win. My father was a very good man. He was a strong man. It's disgraceful that she said that. She was not exactly a family favorite. We didn't have a lot of respect or like for her. I would've never said that except she writes a book that's so stupid and so vicious and it's a lie. My father was a great, wonderful man.

This is not a person that I spent very much time with, very little time, and now I'm glad.

Yes.

Yeah

It hurts me more about attacking my father, not being kind to my mother. I have a mother who was like a saint. She was incredible. She was an incredible woman. And she was nasty even to my mother. She's a very scarred person. She was not much of a family person. But look, let me just tell you, my father was -- I think he was the most solid person I've ever met.

And he was a very good person. He was a very, very good person. He was strong but he was good. For her to say the kind of things, a psychopath, that he was a psychopath, anybody that knew Fred Trump would call him a psychopath? And you know what, if he was I would tell you. And I would say, you know Chris, I was with my father and it was imposs-- my father was -- he was tough, he was tough on me, he was tough on all of the kids.

But tough in a -- in a solid sense, in a really good sense. For her to say -- I think the word she used was psychopath -- what a disgrace. She ought to be ashamed of herself. That book is a lie.

What are you going to ask?

I'm not a big fan of "Fox," I'll be honest with you. They've changed a lot since Roger Ailes. And I watch people like Swalwell, who I don't even know, he goes on the show, he got less than 1 percent, all of a sudden he's on -- being interviewed for endless hours --

Not only him--

I watched the nastiest people --

I would just say that --

I would just say that -- look, I know you very well, I respect you a lot, I respect your father a lot. I thought he was one of the most talented journalists there are. And you likewise are a very talented person. I do think this, I think you are a very -- I think you are toward the Democrat side, which is OK. I mean --

OK.

It just seems to me that you are very prone to be nice to the Democrats and maybe I'm wrong about that, Chris, but it's an honor to be with you it's fine, I love it. I love that it's close to 100 degrees out today --

Yes, I know.

I don't think I'm going to lose at all.

First of all, let me just tell you something, I know everyone wants to know that because they'd love to see me lose, finally.

You know how many times I have been written off? Do you know how many times I've been written off?

My whole life --

Don't do it because --

And you know why I won't lose, because the country in the end, they're not going to have a man who -- who's shot. He's shot, he's mentally shot. Let him come out of his basement, go around, I'll make four or five speeches a day, I'll be interviewed by you, I'll be interviewed by the worst killers that hate my -- my guts.

They hate my guts. There's nothing they can ask me that I won't give them a proper answer to. Some people will like it, some people won't like it.

But look --

Let Biden sit through an interview like this, he'll be on the ground crying for mommy. He'll say mommy, mommy, please take me home.

He can't do an interview. He's incompetent. There's a number you don't mention. It's called the enthusiasm number. The enthusiasm for Trump is through the roof even higher --

-- even higher than last time. The enthusiasm for Biden is nonexistent. Everyone knows he's shot.

Well that's OK. That's his only shot.

And that's his only shot. I agree. And those people know I'm doing a good job, but there's something in my personality that they don't like because look, nobody's done what I've done. Biden wants to come in and ruin our country, triple your taxes. He wants to do things -- he wants to add regulations that I've all cut.

And we still have regulation -- a lot of regulation, but I've cut it down to a level that nobody's -- nobody ever thought possible. He will destroy this country, but it won't be him. It will be the radical left. The same type ideology that took over Venezuela, one of the richest countries in the world. They now have no water, they have no food, and they have no medicine.

That's going to happen here --

If he wins --

I'm not a good loser. I don't like to lose. I don't lose too often. I don't like to lose.

You don't know until you see. It depends. I think mail-in voting is going to rig the election. I really do.

No. I have to see. Look, Hillary Clinton asked me the same thing.

What I'm saying is that I will tell you at the time. I'll keep you in suspense. OK?

And you know what? She's the one that never accepted it.

She never accepted her loss and she looks like a fool.

I have to see. Look, you -- I have to see. No, I'm not going to just say yes. I'm not going to say no, and I didn't last time either.

I think I was very unfairly treated. From before I even won I was under investigation by a bunch of thieves, crooks. It was an illegal investigation.

Russia, Russia, Russia.

No, no. I want to go this. I have done more than any president in history in the first three and a half years, and I've done it suffering through investigations where people have been -- General Flynn, where people have been so unfairly treated. The Russia hoax, it was all a hoax. The Mueller scam, it was all scam.

It was all false. I made a bad decision on -- one bad decision. Jeff Sessions, and now I feel good because he lost overwhelmingly in the great state of Alabama. Here's the bottom line. I've been very unfairly treated, and I don't say that as paranoid. I've been very -- everybody says it. It's going to be interesting to see what happens.

But there was tremendous evidence right now as to how unfairly treated I was. President Obama and Biden spied on my campaign. It's never happened in history. If it were the other way around, the people would be in jail for 50 years right now. That would be Comey, that would be Brennan, that would be all of this -- the two lovers, Strzok and Page, they would be in jail now for many, many years.

They would be in jail, it would've started two years ago and they'd be there for 50 years. The fact is, they illegally spied on my campaign. Let's see what happens. Despite that, I did more than any president in history in the first three and a half years.

Thank you, thank you very much.