Well, I think before the end of the year I really would expect to see it. And therapeutically we already have things that are helping a lot. A lot of things are coming to the fore, and we have the lowest mortality rate. We saw that just yesterday it was pronounced. I think probably some of that's because we do have therapeutics already coming out, and that we have, and that they're using, that really make the death rate, the mortality rate, the best anywhere in the world.

It's hard to make, and it's a slow process to make it. But we have others coming out which I think will be even better than Remdesivir. And they're coming out soon. We have many great companies working on things, and they're really at a very high stage. And the vaccine? I think by the end of the year we're going to have the vaccine.

And we're ready to distribute it. Logistically, we're totally set to distributed it.

Well, I think we are in a good place. I disagree with him. Dr. Fauci said don't wear masks and now he says wear them. And he said numerous things. Don't close off China. Don't ban China. I did it anyway. I didn't listen to my experts and I banned China. We would have been in much worse shape. You wouldn't believe the number of deaths more we would have had if we didn't do the ban.

And then we banned Europe also when Italy and the various countries were in such trouble. So, we've done a good job. I think we are going to be in two, three, four weeks, by the time we next speak, I think we're going to be in very good shape. Hospitalization. I think Florida basically you talk about Florida, California, more than anyplace else.

Many other States are in very fine shape, they're doing very well. But we have some areas that looked like we were going to escape, that they were going to escape, and all of a sudden it became hot like Florida, like California, like a couple of others. But I think you're going to see with all of the things that we're doing, and with all of the therapeutics that are coming out, and then ultimately the vaccine, we're going to be in very good shape very soon.

Yeah.

Well, you're right. The cases go up because we do so much testing. We have more testing than anybody in the world. But if you look at the mortality rate - in other words, the number of deaths are now very low. We have the lowest mortality rate anywhere in the world. Meaning when people get sick we lose fewer than any in the world, and pretty much by far.

I mean, there are a couple of countries that are doing well, but we're doing better than anybody in the world. And that's a very important statistic. And that comes from a lot of good work.

Well, we're always looking at different things. When we signed in Jacksonville, we wanted to be in North Carolina. That almost worked out, but the Governor didn't want to have people use the arena, essentially. And so I said, "Too bad for North Carolina." And then we went to Florida. And when we went, when we signed a few weeks ago, it looked good.

And now all of a sudden it's spiking up a little bit and that's going to go down. It really depends on the timing. Look, we're very flexible. We can do a lot of things, but we're very flexible.

What's happening, a lot of small businesses are actually doing very well. But then you have some that aren't and that's unfortunate. And what we've done is we've given a lot of money to a lot of small businesses all over the country, and it's helped. And, in some cases, it's made the difference between success and failure.

I think the stock market is doing well because people see what I'm saying, that the future is going to be incredible. Next year will be an incredible year if we don't screw it up with high taxes. The Democrats want to increase everybody's taxes by a lot. They want to do things that are going to be a disaster, regulations all over the place.

And if you do that, you're going to have a crash, and it will crash like crazy. And that's one of the reasons that the stock market right now would be up even more if there was no possibility that a guy like Biden, that has no idea, he's had 47 years of failure. Everything he's touched it's been a failure.

And if he got in, you will have, mark my words, a crash. And 401ks will be down to a level that nobody would have believed. Look at the market now. NASDAQ yesterday hit a new high. The day before it hit a new high. We're very close to where we were if you think about it. And the reason is you have some very smart people.

And a lot of people, by the way, a lot of people affected, but they believe the country is on the right track. And by next year you're going to see something that's going to be good. I think, actually, we're going to have a great third quarter. Which is good because it comes just before the election. The results of the third quarter will be announced just before the election.

I think those numbers are going to be good. We had the best job numbers two months in a row. The best that we've ever had. Two months ago we had the best we ever had. And then that number was broken substantially by this two weeks ago, when we had the best numbers we've ever had in job growth. So we're headed in the right direction.

I think, if you look, I think the people in the stock market, smart people, they got it right. The country is going to be stronger. Next year will be one of the best years we've ever had.

Well, we have to be called and we have to be asked, as you know. For a state we can't just go in. We have to be called. We have to be asked. And we're waiting. If we got called from Chicago or New York, or a couple of other of these places that are doing so badly, we'd be glad to help. But they have to call and they have to request to help.

We are ready, willing, and able to go. We want to do it. In Seattle we were ready to go in. They heard that and they cleaned up the mess before we got there. We were going in the following morning. If you look at Portland, we're helping them in Portland. But it has to be a request. Otherwise, it's very difficult for us to do it.

Well, I understand they want to meet and we would certainly do that. I think if Hillary had won the election you'd be in a major war right now with North Korea. And everybody said I was the person who was going to be in Wars and you look at what's happened. I've withdrawn. If you look at the Middle East we've defeated ISIS.

We've assumed 100%, we've taken 100% of the ISIS caliphate in Syria and Iraq. And what we've done is incredible. We're essentially out of Syria. We're almost out of Iraq. We're almost out of Afghanistan.

I would do it if I thought it was going to be helpful. Yeah.

Probably. I have a very good relationship with him, probably would be. But just so you understand, almost four years we're not in a war. Almost anybody else would have been in a war. I get along, we talk, and let's see what happens. But we've done a great job and haven't been given the credit we deserve.

But we're not in a war and they would have been in a war. Actually, President Obama, if you look at him and you look at our conversation, the first conversation we had, he said, "The biggest problem we have is North Korea." And I guarantee that if the Democrats had gotten in we would right now be in a war.

Well, we'll have to see. There's no delivery, et cetera, et cetera, as you know. Not yet. And at some point there might be. And we'll have to have very serious discussions and thought about that, because there could be some time when something's going to happen. But right now we get along with him, Kim Jong-un. I have a good relationship with him.

We haven't lost anybody. We haven't had anybody killed. And that's okay with me. By the way, it's 9,000 miles away. 9,000 miles away.

Well, it's people in intelligence. And it's people that, frankly, the justice department, it's up to them. But it's people in so-called intelligence. I don't know if it's intelligence or the opposite of that word. And they've been leaking for years. They leak and that's what they do. And they're not patriotic people.

They're not good for our country. As far as the bounty is concerned I think it's a hoax, I think it's a Democrat hoax, because good people in intelligence said that they did not think it rose to the level of bringing it to the president. Nobody brought it to me. But they said, "It didn't rise to that level." And that's okay with me.

It's something we're looking at. Yes.

Well, it's a big business. Look, what happened with China with this virus, what they've done to this country and to the entire world is disgraceful. And we are looking at numerous different things. TikTok's one of them, one of many.

Thank you very much.