Thank you very much, Sean.

Well, we did. And if you look at the previous administration, and, frankly, many administrations, they did nothing on this. And we did criminal justice reform. We did tremendous opportunity, if you look at the opportunities we have given everybody. But the Opportunity Zones have been incredible. It's been one of the great -- really one of the great things, in terms of investment in areas and in terms of unemployment.

It's been incredible. Before the Chinese plague came to us, the African-American -- if you look at the African-American unemployment, Hispanic unemployment, Asian unemployment, women, everything, we had the best unemployment numbers in the history of our country. We had almost 160 million people working.

Nobody has been close. And now we're doing it again. You see the numbers coming back very strongly. But you're right. The previous administration did nothing.

Well, Joe was referring, when he said dirty cops, I believe, to James Comey. And he was right about that one, and McCabe and that group. So he was referring to them. But you know, it's a different form. It's a different uniform. And you know, you have bad and you have great. You have cops and police and law enforcement.

They're great people. And that's the vast, vast majority of them. And they do an incredible job. And they keep us all safe. And they love their country. And they don't want to make any mistakes. But they're under siege. There's no question about that. And we worked on some things very closely with law enforcement.

And a lot of it, you had on your show. I noticed the other night you had it on your show And whether it's the cams, you know, the dash cam and the body cam, which is a camera, basically, very sophisticated camera, and other things, we have a lot of that in the bill. And it passed. And it -- and it's going to -- a lot of things are happening right now.

But I signed an executive order. And a lot of that is included in what the Republicans put out today. And the Democrats, all they do is complain. You know, they complain. But they have -- they have done nothing. They do nothing. They want to defund. And they want to abolish. They want to abolish police departments.

And that's what it's going to be. You know, with Biden, if you look, if he ever got in, you would be abolishing police. You could just watch, because he's not going to be running anything. People around him will. And they will be abolishing police. They will be getting rid of your Second Amendment very quickly.

You will not have a Second Amendment. And many other things, you won't have that you would like to have.

Because the governor of the state of Washington is weak and the mayor is weak. And what they're doing is setting a precedent that's never been set before in this country. And these people that are taking over this incredible piece of real estate are obviously very good at real estate, maybe better than I was, because they paid nothing.

They just took it over. And the police are somehow told not to be there. I'm sure they would do a good job if they were told to do a good job. I assume they're properly trained. But we would go in there, if they want us in. And we will take it back very quickly. It should never be allowed to fester like it's festering right now.

It's disgraceful to our country. It's a disgrace.

Well, the George Floyd case, nothing has to be said. I watched that. I couldn't really watch it for that long a period of time. It was over eight minutes. And who could -- who could watch that? But it doesn't get any more obvious or it doesn't get any worse than that. And I think it's a different kind of a case.

And that man has some big problems. There's no question about it, the police officer, what he did. And I haven't met any -- because I deal with law enforcement all the time. And I just left a big group of great -- the top sheriffs and law enforcement people in the country. And nobody was sticking up for what he did.

The event that took place yesterday was -- I thought it was a terrible situation, but you can't resist a police officer. And if you have a disagreement, you have to take it up after the fact. It was a very sad, very, very sad thing. And, look, you really -- you take a look, it was out of control. The whole situation was out of control.

I heard today and just got a report that the police officer's lawyer said that he heard a sound like a gun, like a gunshot. And he saw a flash in front of him. So, that's an interesting -- you know, I don't know that I would have necessarily believed that. But I will tell you, that's -- that's a very interesting thing.

And maybe that's so. They're going to have to find out. It's up to justice right now. It's going to be up to justice. I hope he gets a fair shake, because police have not been treated fairly in our country. They have not been treated fairly. But, again, you can't resist a police officer like that. And they ended up in a very terrible disagreement.

And look at the way it -- look at the way it ended. Very bad. Very bad.

Well, I think it's going to be an interesting issue. And he's been in the basement for a long time. I think he's really been run beautifully. He's not running his campaign. People are running his campaign. I see quotes all the time that he said this, he said that about me. And they're long, beautiful, flowing sentences.

I said, Joe didn't make that statement. And Joe doesn't even know the statement was made. But they are leaving him there. And, at some point, he's going to have to come out for air. And I think, look, we have done a great job. We have done a great job. If you look back a few months to an economy that was the greatest of all time, everything we had was at records, every -- every -- no matter whether it's unemployment, whether it's the stock market.

And now you look at what we're doing, I'm doing it all over again. We had to turn it off. We would have lost millions of people. We did. We turned it off. And now we have started up again. And we're going to have an amazing year next year. We're going to have a great third quarter. We just had the best jobs numbers, the biggest job gain in history.

And we just had the biggest retail sales numbers in history for the last month.

So, we're starting up. And it's going to be very, very strong. We're very close to a vaccine. Even with it -- without it, but I will tell you, we're very close to a vaccine. And we're very close to therapeutics, really good therapeutics. And -- but even without that -- I don't even like to talk about that, because it's fading away.

It's going to fade away. But having a vaccine would be really nice. And that's going to happen.

Yes. Well, that's true. The protests -- I mean, the protesters and anarchists and terrorists and looters and all of the people that were marching on various locations over the last couple of weeks, that's died down. They have lost some energy. That's good, but -- because many of them don't even know what they're protesting, frankly.

But you look at that, and they were right on top of each other, large numbers, pretty large numbers. And they were right on top of each other. And nobody complained. When you look at fake CNN, it's total fake. It's a fake news operation. And it's really like an extension of the Democrat Party. And then you look at MSDNC, which is DNC, Democrat National Committee --and you look at it, and you see the way they talk.

They never mention that. They don't talk about it. This is all you hear about Oklahoma, what we're doing. We will be in Tulsa. You have a great mayor and you have a great governor, Governor Stitt. I spoke to him yesterday. They're so excited about it, that you have no idea. And we have had so many sign-ups.

You know, there are lines of people now, and we won't be there for three days. They have lines of people right now trying to get into the arena. I mean, they will be there. They will be early.

They will be in one of those early front rows.

Over a million people requested tickets. Well, there's just a hunger for the rallies. And I enjoy doing them. But they enjoy them, more importantly than me. They enjoy them. It gives energy to everybody. And we have tremendous enthusiasm. If you look at the polls, we're way ahead of sleepy Joe in terms of enthusiasm.

We have enthusiasm like they have never seen before, actually. And Joe has the lowest, I hear, enthusiasm on record. Now, they have a party. And the party believes in a lot of bad things, open borders, sanctuary cities. Open borders, think of it. Supposing, like at Tijuana, we built -- we're up to 212 miles of wall.

And this is serious wall. And I'm going to be at the wall very soon. We're going to celebrate over 200. But it's 212 miles now. Nobody is getting through. And very, very few people are coming through on our border. We have a tremendous border. But think of it. And Tijuana, it's one of the most -- Tijuana, Mexico, it's one of the most infected places on Earth.

And we have a wall between Tijuana and San Diego. It's like a beautiful, very powerful wall. And California is very happy that we have it, because they wouldn't have any numbers. They would -- they would have numbers like you wouldn't believe right now, if we didn't have that. So, we have done a great job.

We have -- we were very early to the call, as you know, because you have one person that reports it. But when we heard about it, I made the decision not to let people from China come in. We love people from China, but they were having a tremendous problem. And then, at the end of January, I said, you can't come in. You can't come in. And we saved tens of thousands.

And everybody, even our critics, give me credit for that. But we saved tens of thousands of lives. And then I banned Europe from coming in, because Europe, many of the people that couldn't come here went to Italy, and they went to Spain and France. And we had to ban Europe. And we did that fairly shortly thereafter.

So, we have been very early. And our testing has been phenomenal. And we came up with ventilators that -- we're the kings of ventilators. We're making thousands of ventilators a week. All our people have one. Not one person that need -- that needed a ventilator has not gotten one. Every single person that needed a ventilator got one.

And it's been incredible. And now, we're helping other countries, because it's hard to make. They're expensive, and they're big, and they're very highly complex. And we're helping other countries, many other countries. We're sending them ventilators.

Well, I was seeing information that China, Wuhan, in particular, was very heavily infected. And I just said, look, you know, why are we doing this? And let's see. And nobody knew anything about it at that time. We didn't know it affected the elderly much more so than children. That's why we have to open our schools in the fall.

The children, the numbers are very, very small, almost -- almost nonexistent. And it's an incredible thing. Their immune system is very strong. And so we have to get the schools open. And I'm sure they will be open. I think most of them, if people are doing the right thing, they're going to be opening up schools.

You have to have it. Too much of a strain in many ways, and unfair to the children. But I just felt it was a heavily infected area. And how are we letting people into our country? Nobody knew that it was going to be that contagious. It's a highly contagious -- there's been nothing like this since 1917, over 100 years ago, where probably anywhere from 50 to 100 million people died.

Probably ended World War I, because all the soldiers, they were -- they were so sick.

And it probably -- that was the one thing. It ended World War I, very likely. But nobody had any idea it was going to be this -- this kind of contagious. It has been really rough. But we have learned a lot. And we're doing really great in the laboratories. And we're going to have a -- we're going to have a vaccine very soon.

Well, first of all, nobody, nobody has been tougher on Russia or China than I have, nobody even close. China is paying us billions of dollars a year. They never gave us 10 cents. And Biden's son walked away with a billion-and-a-half dollars to manage, making hundreds of thousands and millions of dollars on it. So, nobody has been tough on China, and nobody has been tough on Russia like I have.

And that's -- that's on the record books. And it's not even close. The last administration did nothing on either. And then, in terms of Bolton, he broke the law. He was a washed-up guy. I gave him a chance. He couldn't get Senate-confirmed, so I gave him a non-Senate-confirmed position, where I could just put him there, see how we worked.

And I wasn't very enamored. He went into the Middle East. He was one of the big guns for, let's go into Iraq. And that didn't work out too well. And I was against that a long time ago, before I was ever even thinking about doing what I'm doing now. But he was one of the people wanted to go into Iraq. When I asked him about it, I said -- recently -- I said, you know, about a month in, when he was about a month in, I said: What do you think?

Do you think you made a mistake there? No, I don't think so. I don't think so. I said: Explain that one. So, the terrible, terrible thing that he did. But he broke the law, very simple, I mean, as much as it's going to be broken. This is highly classified. That's the highest stage. It's highly classified information.

And he did not have approval. That's come out now very loud and very strong. And I appreciate Ambassador Lighthizer, in front of the committee today, on an unrelated topic, they asked him that question. One of our friends in the Democrat Party was very nice to ask him the question. And then he said, absolutely not.

Trump was tough on China. But nobody's been tough like me. Nobody's been tough like me on China. We're taking in right now billions and billions of dollars from China. I gave a lot of it to the farmers, because the farmers were targeted by China. Nobody's ever done that.

Yes, if he has the ability. Look, he could only get it if he has the ability. They're not going to lose games because of you know, wanting to be politically correct or whatever term you might -- I don't know if that's politically correct or the opposite. But if he has the ability -- look, he was a great rookie.

And his second year was great. And then, after that, he started going downhill rather rapidly. And then he was out of football. And then he started suing everybody. And I think he made a lot more money doing that than he did with football. But it was -- if he -- if he has the ability, somebody would take him.

I think -- look, I know a lot of these owners. If they had -- if they had somebody that was going to win games, they will sign them. It doesn't matter who they are. They will sign them. And you know, I don't like, also -- relatively another subject, but I figure it's your next question. When the national anthem plays, and our flag, the great American flag, is raised, you should not be kneeling.

You should be standing, ideally with your hand on your heart, or saluting. But they should not be kneeling. They can protest enough. And I saw the NFL get very weak. I saw Drew Brees, who is a warrior, a great, great quarterback. A fan of his. I'm a fan of his. And I saw him make this beautiful statement.

And then, the next day, he retracted the statement. He talked about his father and his grandfather fighting in the war for our country, our flag. And then the next day, he retracted it. I just don't get that. But you have to stand when the flag goes up. And I think they will lose a lot of fans and a lot of support in the NFL.

That already happened before. I thought they learned their lesson. But I think it's going to happen again. And I was surprised at Roger, Roger Goodell, that he would have done what he did and made the statement that he made. Nobody was even asking for it.

Well, we will get on it. That's right. My original statement, the cure can't be worse than the disease itself. And we will get on it quickly. We're working with 50 governors, some of whom are really outstanding, like in Oklahoma, as an example. We're working with the governors. And we're working with local representatives and mayors.

And we're supplying them what they need, including the ventilators. Now we don't need any, no matter what. We have that taken care of. We're -- we're in great shape to put out the -- I used to call them the embers or the flames. They flare up in certain areas a little bit. But I think we will put them out very quickly.

And we won't be closing the country again. We won't be -- have to do that. But, at the beginning, I tell you, if we didn't do what we did -- we made all the right moves, Sean. We would have lost anywhere from probably 1.5, minimum -- now, you have to understand that's 10 times what we're talking about now, 10 times.

Think of that, with every -- with all the loss, multiplied times 10. That's at a minimum. And you could have gone up to 3.5 or more million people. And that's many times more. So, we closed it. We also learned a lot about it, who it attacks. It attacks different people, but it doesn't attack the young, as we said, but it does attack senior citizens, older people, especially if they have a problem with their heart, if they have diabetes.

They get attacked violently by this horrible disease. China should have -- China should have kept it where it was. They could have easily stopped it. They either lost control. They either suffered great incompetence. Something happened, or -- I don't know -- the worst thing would be is if they knew this was going to happen, because, other than just, tonight, I heard and yesterday, they -- it hit Beijing, to a certain extent.

And we will see what happens there. It just hit Beijing. But, other than that, they have kept it inside, and you know, except when it came to letting it hit the rest of the world.

Yes, I would -- I would, frankly, like it. I can tell you who would like it, is, television would like it. Your companies would like it.

But I would say that would be fine, if they would like to do it. I'm open to whatever they want to do, Sean. Get the word out.

Thank you very much, Sean.