Well, thank you very much. That's quite a turnout, I will say. That's really nice.

Well, we're honoring great heroes, including congressional medal of honor winners. One of them, Woody, is 97 years old and he's sharp as a tack. They say 78 is old. 78 is not old, it's not old. It should be fine. We may be old, but it's not old. I look at Woody, 97, and he's a hundred percent. really amazing.

That's right. It's a big deal. It's a big thing in the whole country and it's an honor. You have a lot of television, you have a lot of media there. I'm going, as you know, to the Battleship, the great Battleship North Carolina. I saw a picture of it on the plane coming out. There are plenty of televisions on that plane.

It was a picture sailing in Prime Time, right?

They don't build them like that anymore. I have to say that is one beautiful ship.

Well, I think we're winning. I think we're winning. But one thing, I have a grand daughter who is just in Carolina, which helps.

But I do believe we're winning. We can say that without question you had the best year you've ever had, the economy has here. We're now back, we had to close it up. We saved millions of lives. We're now back to a B. I think the city couldn't be a B, it's more than a B, it's a super B. The jobs are coming back.

Nine million less what were erected in the history of our country, and it's all coming back. This State in particular is doing very well, so we're very proud of if. We're very, very proud of it.

Yeah, I don't like that.

Well, they'll go out and they'll vote, and they're going to have to go and check their vote by going to the poll and voting that way because if it tabulates then they won't be able to do that. So let them send it in, and let them go vote. And if their system is as good as they say it is then obviously they won't be able to vote.

If it isn't tabulated they'll be able to vote. So that's the way it is, and that's what they should do. I don't like the idea of these unsolicited votes. I never did. It leads to a lot of problems. They've got 11 problems already on very small contests, so I'm not happy about it.

At the same time we're in court with a lot of it. We're going to see if it could be stopped. But send in your ballots, send them in strong, whether it's solicited or unsolicited. The absentees are fine, we have to work to get them. You know, it means something. And you send them in, but you've got to vote.

If they haven't counted it, you can vote. So, that's the way I view it.

I want to thank you very much. You've been such a gentleman.

really a great job, man. Thank you very much.

See you later.