Hi, Greg. How you doing? Okay?

Ah, it's terrible. What's going on in New York is a very sad thing to watch.

Very, very sad.

Right.

Yep.

Well, they're crooks, and they've always been crooks. They're grifters and crooks. Uh, this is what we're running against, and it's a disgrace. It's a disgrace. Nobody could believe it. It's turned out to be much worse. I give credit to the New York Post, and the mainstream media will try not to pick it up, even though it's a major scandal, but it's a, it's a very sad thing when you look at that.

Everywhere he goes, his son goes right behind him and grabs money.

Yeah, they rigged that thing. Uh, they had, that was for a child. That n -- that newscast, that town hall, Greg, was for a child. That was for Barron Trump, okay, the questions they asked Sleepy Joe Biden. But this is serious stuff, you know, this whole thing in the New York Post. They've done great reporting.

It's serious stuff. They've got him cold, and the -- the news protects him because they're in on the deal, probably.

Oh, I'll be watching that.

So, I'll be watching.

Your -- your network is doing... Your network is doing really well. You're holding my rallies. You're getting big ratings. It's great.

Well, you know, we've come up with great therapeutics and cures and all sorts of things, 85% mortality rate, you know, when you think of that 90%, uh, but we've come up with things that are ama -- amazing. Uh, the job we've done has been incredible, and now the vaccines are coming out. We're rounding the turn, uh, but you know, but most people, 99-point-something percent, uh, if you get it, you get better.

I got better, but I also had the help of a, uh, drug, Regeneron, which I think probably helped. I mean, I, who knows, right?

But I, all I know is I got better very quickly, and I feel very good. I mean, really good. Totally negative, and, uh, you know, I guess you have immunity for a certain period of time, too. Uh, it used to be for life, until I got it. Now, when I get it, they say it's only four months, you know. In other words, it was somebody else's  that was for life, but, uh, but I have immunity, I guess.

So, it's, um, you're immune to this terrible disease sent to us by China.

Uh, personally, I think it's ridiculous. That's ridiculous. It's, uh, it's a disgrace. I think it's, uh, really a horrible thing that, uh, they g -- that they're allowed to get away. That... When they say, "No," to that, uh, they actually said, "No indictments before the election." But I had to go through elections, uh, with all those clouds over my head, but they don't 'cause the Republicans are so nice.

Uh, so, uh, personally, I think it's, uh, it, I think it's too bad. I think it's too bad. They're guilty as hell.

I have no comment. Can't comment on that. It's too early.

But I'm not happy with, uh, with all of the evidence they had, I can tell you that. I'm not happy.

Yeah, I -- I think so, but the problem is the anchors are all crooked. Now we have Kristen Welker. She's a, she's a disaster. You know, she's a never-Trumper from NBC. You know, all of NBC is never-Trump, that's Concast, and they're all never-Trump, and, uh, they're bad news, that's MSDNC. Uh, and, uh, you know, they're just bad news.

Uh, but, uh, but, uh, you know, my debate, I did well. Everyone thought I won the debate easily, and then two days later they're saying I interrupted, but the truth is I had to interrupt because he was spewing all lies, so everything he said was a lie. And, what I'd do is I'd say, "That's not true, that's not true." And, you know, because he was saying a lot of things and they were lies, but the pr -- fact is that Chris Wallace, who's totally third rate, he kept saving the guy.

When I said about as an example, Greg, and by the way, say hello to your parents and everybody ... what great, what great genes you have, okay?

And congratulations on your show, which is doing fantastically. I'd do your show even if it was doing lousy, but it's doing great. I get them to check anyway, you know? I always, like, check, how's he doing, Greg, because, uh, you've been, we've been together a lot and you're a fantastic young guy, and, uh, we really appreciate it.

We need that in New York with what's --

Hey, with what's going on in New York, it's so sad, Greg. It's so sad how they've ruined that place.

Yeah, he did a very poor job. He did a very poor job and, uh, a very sad thing. Thousands and thousands of people died unnecessarily, number one in our nation, and then he wrote a book. I guess it's a negative book. I don't know who the hell's gonna read it, but, uh, I guess he wrote a book and it's negative.

I mean, we gave him hospital. We gave him the Javits Center. He could've put those patients in there, and they never even used them. I mean, he lacked, uh, he actually hardly used them, and we spent a lot of money helping him and, uh, he -- he's very unappreciative. You know, he's a thug, and he's very unappreciative --

...and it's one of those things. They run New York. That's why people are leaving New York 'cause of people like him. He's a thug. He's a bully thug, and people don't need it because you have a lot of alternatives like Florida, where everyone's leaving for Florida, and it's too bad 'cause New York, it's always my place, you know.

It's great, but you can't have thugs running it, and you got, uh, a lot of, uh, you know, he's got prosecutors all over the place. He uses them to his gain, and he should be prosecuted, frankly, for what he's done.

But, it's a very sad thing that's happening in New York. When I see it going on, it's, uh, you know, 'cause I love New York.

And it's, uh, it's happened so fast. I mean, it was happening from De Blasio, let's face it, but ... and, and Cuomo, but it's happened so fast. I mean, all of a sudden there's like, just -- just, it was like a crash. It didn't happen overnight, you know. This was going on for a long time, but -- but then it just crashed.

It's incredible, actually.

It was.

Yes.

Very important that you say --

Very important that you say "was taking place," right? You know ...

Yeah.

Sure. It's racist. It's, uh, it -- it's incredible how horrible it is. They teach you to hate our country. It's bad for our country and it's a total race-baiting deal, and it's a shame, and I stopped it in the federal government, and I did a step further. Anybody that does it is not allowed to do business with the federal government.

That's not bad.

Well they all... Yeah, but media is more corrupt than Biden, and Biden's very corrupt. He's always been corrupt. He, everybody knew he was corrupt, but now we caught him, you know, very cold. But look what he did to General Flynn. Right? With the Logan Act.

Uh, no, Biden is a corrupt person, but the media is more corrupt because they don't bring it up. As an example, what we told Charlottesville, I gave a perfect statement but they cut off the end of the segment where I talk about that.

But do you know what? I'm really against antifa, I'm against the radical left. The radical left are the ones burning down our cities, they're burning down our Democrat run, stupidly run cities, Greg, the radical left antifa. And I'm very much opposed to them and for some reason they're guarded by the liberals, I don't know why.

But it's not happening much anymore because, uh, we're, we're finding a lot of things.

But the radical left antifa and those, you look at Portland, this is all antifa and, and the radical left.

Yeah.

I am. I am. It's a crooked deal, it's a rigged deal. You see it every day, new, new, uh, new ballots are coming out that are thrown in garbage cans with the name Trump on it. You see it every day. But when you bring it up they say, "Oh, he's against our constitution, he's against our freedom." No, they're against our freedom.

But it's very rigged, uh, well, you know, many, many ballots have... Didn't they just pick up 50,000 in Ohio and all over the place. Now with all of that being said, when I do a rally, like I think we had 41,000 people the other night in Florida. Right? So on one day notice. Last night in Pennsylvania we had 20,000 people, one day notice.

Uh, Biden goes out, he's got 20 people. Literally, 20 people. They have nobody.

And then I say always  in the polls. I, you know, maybe they are, maybe they're not, but I had the same thing four years ago. You're a witness to it, where I was down in all nine states, swing states, and I won every one of them. Right? You know. Because the media is corrupt.

If I have done nothing else except convince people how corrupt the media is... and I'm not including you. And by the way, I'm including 90% of the media. Okay? It's totally corrupt. And you know that better than anybody, in all fairness. But, you know, you probably can't get involved because you'll want to get a job someday, so that --

They had to with the rogue reporter. And now he's getting fired, I understand, the rogue reporter that was, you know, pressing him a little bit. The guy who was standing about 2,000 feet away and he was shouting the question.

Now, the, the whole thing is corrupt. Do you know the other one is fracking. So, Biden goes for, for a year and a half said there is no fracking, no fracking. Then he gets a nomination, goes into Pennsylvania and he says it's going to be fracking. And the media doesn't cover it, they won't talk about it, Greg.

You know? It's a terrible, terrible thing.

I'm in the beautiful White House overlooking the great lawn. Looking at, uh, and speaking to a friend of mine. Again, great guy whose father was one of the great police commissioners ever. Whose father got, uh, let's say... I -- I -- because he never gets taken advantage of, but whose father was not treated right by Bloomberg, by Mini Mike.

His father, uh, your father should have been mayor and he wasn't treated, he was not treated right. We would have had your father instead of De Blasio, you would have had a whole different ball game, but Mini Mike didn't treat him well.

Mini Mike, as usual, was disloyal.

Did anybody else make more of a fool of themself than Mini Mike? Did anybody  -- they said, They said, "Not easy up there, Mike, is it, huh?"

No, it's too early to get into it. Oh, well, there are so many great people, and, and by the way, Mike Pence is doing a great job. But it's just too early to get into that whole thing. I mean, right now we want to see... I do have long, uh, coattails. You know, when I endorse somebody, they win. They really win, for the most part.

It's, like, incredible. And I think we're gonna take back the House. Uh, I think we're gonna win our race. How can you vote for Joe? Joe is, Joe is shot. I say it openly. He's shot. He's 50%, and when he was 100%, he was a dumb guy, and now he's 50%. And he can't put two sentences together. And the only thing that he's got, he's got a party of, you know, killers, and the party is, uh, they're gonna replace him very quickly, 'cause he can't, he can't possibly do this job.

I know this job very well. I deal with the toughest, sharpest people in the world. Joe Biden has to be in that la -- category. He can't be. His mind is blown.

Well, you are, and, uh, we're doing things about it. The easiest thing to do is get rid of Section 230, and when the politicians get the guts, that's what they'll do. You take out Section 230. But I have to tell you, look, I just tell you this. I'd like to finish with this. So a Republican doesn't win New York.

You know, we get 38% of the vote and such. In theory, you can't. Vote for Trump, New York. You'll have low energy costs. Your taxes will be cut in half. You are being mismanaged into oblivion. You're all gonna have to leave because it's in... you can't stay there. Taxes are too high. Energy costs are too high.

You know that Cuomo's not letting this go, the pipeline to the we -- to the east coast. If he did that, your energy costs would go down and, and by 50%. But he doesn't wanna do it for environmental grounds 'cause Bobby Kennedy is his boss. People don't realize that Bobby Kennedy Jr. is his boss. But I say vote for Trump.

Your taxes will go down.

Your, Your standard of living will go to a level. Vote for Trump.

And the 2nd Amendment will be protected. All of these things, and you know, it's sort of an automatic loss for a Republican, and it's a shame because New York is one of the worst-run states in the, in the country, probably the worst-run in the state in the country. Vote for Trump. You have nothing to lose.

You know I said that for the African Americans, and they agreed, and they do.

Vote for Trump.

What the hell do you have to lose?

Yeah.

Yeah.

Yeah, there is, Greg. When we have success, I'll tell you, it was happening. It was there. I told this to somebody the other day. I was getting calls from Democrats and worse than Democrats that wanted to make deals. They wanted to come together. And then we had the China plague came in. You know, we had the best Black and Hispanic and everything, unemployment, Asian, everything, women.

We had the best numbers we've ever had. By the way, the stock market's ready to h -- do highs again, can you believe it? In the middle of a pandemic. We're rounding the turn. But, uh, it was ready to come back, and then we got hit by the China plague, and we have to start over. And now what we're doing is building it back stronger than it would've been, actually stronger.

But success is gonna bring it all back, and there'll be unity. You watch.

It's happening.

And say hello to those two great people that I think are incredible people, and, uh, tell 'em... tell your father he should've been the Mayor of New York.

You know, but at least I... Hey, at least I wanted him.  I'll tell you that right now.

Mini Mike. Mini Mike was a disaster. He doesn't have a clue, that poor bastard. Have a good time. So long, Greg.

Thank you, Greg.