Well, thank you very much and I call in to wish everybody a very Merry Christmas. And as you know, Rudy and his team, and myself, and a lot of other people, and frankly, millions of people all over the country, we have uncovered a voter fraud, the greatest voter fraud in history. It's the most corrupt election this country has ever had by far.

Uh, and, uh, I think it's great that you not only work on it because Rudy is invaluable, but uh, not only work on it, and we've already found the answers. Now we have to get the support from some politicians. Other than that, uh, we have it made. I think we, I think we've come a long way.

In a very short period time.

Right.

Right.

Right, the machines, number one, and every machine we've looked at, you know what the results there have been. But uh, the machines and also the signature verifications.

Let us see the signatures in Fulton County in Georgia and a couple of other places. Let us see the signatures. You'll find that hundreds of thousands of signatures either don't exist or were fraudulently written and uh, no matter where you look. I mean, no matter where you look you're gonna find it, but we're, we're trying to work.

It's a very difficult thing because of the Governor and the Secretary of State, but I think they are now to, uh, on Monday they're staring signature counts, but they're not starting them -- Signature verifications, but they're not starting them in the right location. They're starting them in areas which, uh, are not very troubled and uh, we'll still find a lot even in those areas.

But they should let us do signature counts in the proper locations, and you will see hundreds of thousands of fraudulent signatures or signatures that don't even exist.

Yeah.

Thank you, Rudy.

That's so nice.

You know, it's true.

It's true.

It's true.

I spoke to --

I spoke to a great gentleman, Tommy Tuberville, last night.

And he is so excited. He said, he said, "You made me the most popular politician in the United States." He said, "I can't believe it." He's great, great Senator, but --

I will, I-I'm so glad you mentioned hostages because, you know, we have -- It's a great time to talk about it. We've released 49 hostages. We don't pay because if you pay, you'll have a problem like you've never seen before. But we've gotten 49 people out that everybody said, "You'll never be able to get out," so it's been a, it's been a great achievement.

It's been an amazing achievement.

Out of places, out of places that you don't even wanna know about. That's how bad they were. So, it's, uh --

-- really been something. Well, they'll be. There are more out  there.

There are a lot more out there.

Yeah. You're right, and you're behind us.

And thank you, Rudy. Thank you both and Merry Christmas.

I'll speak to you guys, and we're getting closer and closer.

And I hope --

-- you let everybody know we're, we're actually very close. The, the fake news will not tell you that. They don't wanna talk about it. They're trying to suppress it.

We don't have freedom of the press at all. It's suppressed news.

It's a terrible thing that's happened in our country in the last --

You know, it's been going on for -- It started a long time ago, but it's, it's gotten to a point it's just, uh --

It's a terrible thing. It's not freedom of the press and uh, we gotta bring that back because the press is, is so, uh, is so suppressed. It's so dishonest. Nobody's -- I don't even call it fake news anymore. I call it corrupt news.

So, just thank you very much. You're great patriots, both of you.

And I hear your show is a big success. Well, Merry Christmas to everybody.

Thanks.

Thank you, darling. You take care, bye. Bye, everybody.