Well thank you, Rush, very much.

Well this should have been done for the last 15 to 20 years. Him in particular. He was there a real military leader. He's a terrorist. He was designated a terrorist by President Obama and then Obama did nothing about it except give them $150 billion and even more incredibly $1.8 billion in cash. You hear me talking about that all the time and you talk about it all the time.

He gave me all this money. He never wanted to do anything about it. President Bush should have taken him out. He is responsible for the IEDs. That was the roadside bombs and bombs that blow up all over the place and then the sister, which is the big one, the big version that actually knocked out tanks and kills everybody within -- within earshot.

A really horrible weapon. He's responsible for all those incredible young people over at Walter Reed, where they do such a great job, by the way. And when they lose their arms and their legs, oh no, he gave so much of that technology, much of that stuff was made in Iran, and he should have been taken out a long time ago and we had a shot at it and we took him out and we're a lot safer now because of it. Now we'll see what happens, we'll see what the responsive is, if any, but you've seen what I said our response will be.

Our country is a lot safer, Rush.

I don't think they had a purpose. I don't think they knew what was happening. Why does it give them $150 billion much of it going back into terror and you look at what's happening. When I -- they tried to do with appeasement and I can tell you the Logan Act, if there was ever an act that should have been used, they should look at the Obama administration and John Kerry, the Logan Act, because what he was doing with Iran and the relationship that they built up and the things that he said I would certainly love to see that be looked at because I think John Kerry was, personally, I think he was advising them.

I think that the Obama administration was -- was just letting them get away with murder in the true sense murder, and you know right after they made the deal it wasn't like they were respected. They treated the United States worse than ever before. In fact, I said at least give him a little respect because they treated -- they got worse they actually got more hostile.

They took 150 billion and they took the 1.8 billion in cash and they got worse. And if you remember right before the payment was made. They took 10 sailors and they humiliated those sailors and they humiliated our country with the sailors down on their knees. And the other reason they released them was they wanted their first payment.

It was just before the payment if they had taken them after they got the money they would have never released them. They'd be there now. Well they wouldn't be there now with me but they would be there for a long period of time. But you remember the 10 sailors that were --

Fifteen feet across that line, probably they weren't they don't even know if they were in Iranian waters but they said they were slightly in Iranian waters so they humiliated them. But they released them because the money was due the following day. And they said, well we don't want to. Hey, why should they turn down 150 billion over the 10 sailors?

But they humiliated those sailors and our country.

Right. Right. Well that's right. And one of the things that changed. I know you talk about it. If you go back 10 years or eight years or maybe even five years, Israel was the king of the Congress, right. Our Congress protected Israel and fought for Israel. Now you look at the way the Democrats in Congress are treating, where you have AOC and you have Tlaib and you have Omar and they are actually, you know, anti-Semitic they are totally against Israel to things that they've said you go back to the past and you look at the things that they've said about Israel and Jewish people.

It's incredible. Ten years ago that would have been unaccepted it would have been -- it would have been -- nobody could have even believed it. I still can't believe it. You know I'm a little bit old fashioned, right, in that sense because I've grown up and there was always great protection and reverence for Israel and now it's the opposite.

In the Democrats, it's almost it's almost a negative. They're going out and what they do for Tlaib and what they do for Omar, Representative Omar, Minnesota, and AOC, I think it's incredible the way they talk about Israel. It just was unthinkable to do that 10 years ago and sooner.

Well you know politics has changed a lot over the last couple of years. For instance, I want low taxes, they want to raise your taxes. How do you think that works? I couldn't win as a politician. I don't think Abe Lincoln could win as a politician. Borders, they want open borders. When you see the people that we're sending back and we're capturing now at record levels, these are, in many cases, they're murderers and they're people that drug dealers and it's incredible.

They want open borders. That means all of these people are going to be pouring in. And of course good ones will come in too but you have tremendous numbers of really bad people including murderers and rapists and others. They want open borders. They want sanctuary cities. They don't want a strong military based on everything.

I mean, we have to fight like crazy to get the strong military. And we have to give up things that we wouldn't give up if we had The House, as an example, if we were able to have enough. You know we've always needed their vote because it was always very close. In fact, the first two years we had a very tiny majority.

So we always needed their votes. But when you see they want higher taxes, right. They want -- They want much more regulation. You know cut regulations more than any president in history by far. Even though they were there for four and eight years and in one case more than that, we've got the all-time record, that was probably as important or more important as the tax cuts, the biggest, including Ronald Reagan, the biggest tax cut we've ever had and we're actually taking in more revenue now than we did when we had the higher taxes because the economy's doing so well.

But you know when you see them with open borders, Rush, you say -- and sanctuary cities and all of these other things you say, "Where are they coming from?" Well Israel is sort of the same. I put that in that same category. They're -- they're as far as I'm concerned they're anti-Israel, totally anti-Israel.

It's amazing. Like as an example take -- take the wall. They were always for the wall and then I wanted it and they went against it. In fact, I said if I had it to do again I would have come out totally against the wall and I would have gotten their votes. OK. All I had to do is come out against the wall.

I am opposed to building the wall and we would have gotten all the votes we needed. Now it's almost like they'll try and do whatever is the opposite. I think they've lost their minds. You want to know the truth. I really do. It's a terrible thing to say. Nobody's ever seen anything like it. Like even the impeachment hoax, you take a look at that and they have nothing.

They have nothing. With one of the biggest investigations in history they found nothing, the Mueller report, they found absolutely -- think of it. They spent $45 million, two years to hoax. They spent all of that time, all of that money, had brilliant people that happened to be, you know, very, very -- they were crazed.

They were crazed. I mean, these people were dying to find something on Trump. They found nothing. I think there's very few people that you've ever met who could have had that. They had so many investigators, they were calling people that I haven't seen in years and they got nothing. Think of that. Nothing.

Very few people, and by the way, I'm sure they looked at my taxes. They looked at everything you had to look at. They looked at everything and $45 million and much more than that in the true sense. You know, in the real sense, it was much more than that, and they had 18. I used to call them 13 angry Democrats but they increased it to 18 angry Democrats.

That's smart. And very smart, many were tied up with Clinton. They were involved with Clinton but these people couldn't find any. They found nothing. Even I was very impressed with how clean I am, Rush.

Well I think what they're trying to do is affect the election illegally but that's what they're trying to do. But the reason that I said it because they're -- they are a joke. They are not crimes. There is nothing there. They found nothing. We went through two years of a Muller report. You know that better than anybody.

Nobody covered it better. And we went through to you  --

Yeah. It's so sad for our country. I mean, think of it, we're fighting with Iran. We're fighting with all of these different places and in many cases doing great, making trade deals and doing so good, our country is doing so good. But I have to spend and my team has to spend time on this stuff. They found nothing.

Just think of that for two years. And -- and unlimited budget, unlimited talent and they found nothing. And they come up with two -- two articles that aren't even a crime.

They created a situation that was false, that was fraudulent, and then they investigated the false-fraudulent situation and they found nothing. It's hard to believe the whole thing's are to blame. And now on top of it they come up with two articles and they put it before. Now, what happened is she doesn't want to get a vote because, how could anybody possibly, it's totally partisan.

You know this was not what they had in mind as they call them the founders, right. They keep saying the founders, founders. But the founders didn't have this in mind. You understand. It's like I've never heard the word founders so much in my life.

Yeah. You know we got a hundred, I guess, 196 or 197 to nothing with the Republican Party, plus we have three Democrat votes, and one person actually left the Democratic -- the Democrat party over it and joined the Republican Party as you know.

Never. It's never -- I -- they say maybe never. And one thing I gave the Democrats credit for, they've always been very vicious and that's not necessarily a good thing. But what is a good thing is they always stuck together. And here, the Republicans stuck together even better than the Democrats. So we had like 196 or 197 to nothing.

It's unheard of. You know that because they're always -- always break it off and I don't know. And this is really for 70 years, 80 years. You know for some reason it's in the DNA. They just don't seem. And in this case they have been so good. And I think they said it will be the same way because the Senate knows it's a hoax.

Everybody knows it's a hoax.

Well, I just think it's a party of common sense. You know I view it -- somebody said, "Are you conserve -- ", well, I'm conservative. But I think it's common sense. It was -- like what we did this -- this two days ago with this horrible terrorists. He was a terrorist. You know they don't want to call him a terrorist.

Now the Democrats are trying to make him sound like it was this wonderful human being.

Well, when you read the New York Times, you read The Washington Post, that are totally fake newspapers by the way, that would have both been out of business except I won. I wonder what happens and hopefully in five years, right, hopefully in five years. But I wonder what happens to those newspapers. Who knows.

But they do well now. Although if you look at the unfunded liability, probably, they don't do so well. But you look at what they write. It's so fake, it's so phony and now they're trying to build him just like they did Al-Baghdadi. Al-Baghdadi was the number one terrorist in the world. We got him. They wrote very little about it, relatively speaking.

That story disappeared very quickly, as you know. But they tried to build him up into a -- into a relatively wonderful man. He was a total bad guy. Now he founded ISIS. He was doing it again. He was trying to do it again. You know I wiped out ISIS by our -- during our administration we wiped out the entire caliphate 100% of the caliphate and we wiped him out.

And, you know, got little credit but our our people know that we did it, Rush, because if people like you and Sean Hannity and Mark Levin and so many others. Your friends at Fox and Friends in the morning are so good. You know, people are getting it, they really get it because of social media and my Twitter, without Twitter, I think, we'd be -- we'd be lost.

We wouldn't be able to get the truth out.

Well I wish I didn't have to do it. I wish we had legitimate newspaper and legitimate media. We don't. I mean, it's much of it is -- is really, I call it corrupt, it's the corrupt media. And you know it's very internal. You understand this better than anybody. If they do a story in me, I immediately know if it's false or not false so I don't mind a bad story of if it's right.

But I know. A person reading the story doesn't know that it's false. So I'm able to tell them through social media. I don't even call it Twitter. I call it social media because it goes to everything, you know, goes to Facebook, it goes to Instagram and we have hundreds of millions of people. You know we have a tremendous amount of people just on one side.

I'm up to I guess close to 70 million people.

I just had dinner -- I had dinner with Mark Zuckerberg the other day and he said , "I'd like to congratulate you." in front of a large group of people so I'm not that -- But he said, "I'd like to congratulate you. You're No.1 on Facebook." And, you know, it's it's incredible. And that's --

I did.

You have semi-breaking news, I guess a couple of people might have reported it but they're not like you. So I just got a list to TSL Power 50, the No. 1 show on radio. There's a guy named Rush Limbaugh. Did you ever hear of him? Rush Limbaugh, No. 1. Have you? And this is the 50 most influential and most listened-to streaming talk shows in the country.

Rush Limbaugh, No. 1. So I hope you saw that but now we've just made your interview. But your viewers have to know that, your listeners have to know that. No. 1. Great job.

I love 'em. I love 'em.

Thank you. Well, thank you very much, Rush. Thank you for everything and congratulations on your incredible success. I really -- it's so important for this country what you do. Thank you very much, Rush.