I feel good. I feel really good.

Right.

Well, I don't think so because I'm not a big shutdown believer, and the states that have done the best are like if you look at Florida, they'd had a spike two months ago and now, it's at a very low level. Texas, uh, Arizona, they're in great shape. They're doing really well. And we're doing -- we only do the outdoor rallies.

I mean, we're doing outdoor rallies. And as an example, we did one, uh, yesterday, we did actually three yesterday, but they had masks on, largely masks and some didn't, but they had largely masks, but they were outdoor. So I think having outdoor is a very important thing.

Uh, it's -- if you -- if you take a look at your state, which I love very much and, you know, we had a great victory there, but if you take a look at your state, uh, they've been shut down and they've been locked down and locked up and, uh, you know, they've been doing it for a long time and, uh, at some point, you also have to be able to understand the disease.

Now I had it and I got better very quickly, and most people do, 99.9%. If you look at, you know, pretty much other than, uh, elderly people, but elderly people, really specifically, with heart or diabetes problems, you know, diabetes is a tough one, and we protect the elderly, and we're doing, uh, an in -- incredible job of it.

But you just -- just the shutting down of these states is a disaster because you're creating massive depression, alcoholism. I mean, things are happening with

-- so that's not the answer.

Well --

Right.

Well, uh, nobody could've done better. I can tell you that. Uh, we had a little more than 200,000 deaths. They were expecting 2.2 million, uh, if we didn't do what we did. You know, the number was going to be 2.2. million deaths. This is all over. If you take a loot at Europe right now, the spikes they have, UK, take a look at the spikes, they have massive spikes, and the spikes will go down, but they have massive spikes.

Uh, we have a number that could've been 2.2 million and could've been substantially more than that. Uh, but your schools should be open. They should be open. I mean, your state has been very toughly run and frankly, it's, uh, not doing as well as a lot of other states.

Now I love your state, and I want your state to do well. And, you know, we have governors running these states. We have supplied them with billions of dollars of material, gowns, ventilators, everything. Now one of the things that is happening is the vaccines are just about ready to go. They're gonna be announcing it very soon, and that's gonna have a big impact.

And the other thing that's gonna have a big impact, Charles, and a very big impact are the therapeutics because we have incredible therapeutics. I mean, here I am, I had, uh, something that really -- I -- I was not feeling too great, and I will tell you, the following day, I was feeling very good, Regeneron, in my case.

But Eli Lilly makes you great product  --

So we have things happening now that you didn't have, uh, mortality rate at 85%, and our numbers are that. But your particular state has been run very tough. And frankly, they-

-- haven't done the best job.

Well, I had a rally yesterday where I didn't see anybody without one. I mean, and you could see because the people were behind me. And I -- I mean, almost everybody has it. And, you know, we hand them out at the rallies. We give masks to everybody at the rallies. But the rallies, again, are outdoor and we have heard of no incidences where -- and I've had big rallies, we're having 35,000, 40,000 people come at the rallies, and we had no incidence where we had -- we have had a problem.

Again, outdoor -- outdoor

-- you know that. Outdoor is, they say, I mean, you know.

Who knows

Well, I want the money by tonight, but Nancy Pelosi doesn't wanna approve it because she thinks it's good politically for her not to approve it. And if you look at our numbers nationwide, they've been incredible. You know, we're in a very strong . Uh, the job numbers were up to 11.4 million. It's a record over the last number of months.

Uh, we're doing -- from an economic standpoint, and next year, we're gonna  what our numbers, I think they're gonna be phenomenal, by the way. I think you're gonna have perhaps over 25% GDP, our unemployment numbers, and if you look at the number of people being hired, but Nancy Pelosi doesn't want to approve anything because she wants to bail out poorly run Democrat states, and we don't wanna do that.

Now, I will say this-

-- I don't think she wants to approve it anyway. I think even if we gave her the money for the poorly run Democrat states, I don't think she'd approve it anyway.

I -- I will take care of that problem in two minutes.

Look, if I had something that would be good, I think I could quickly convince the Republicans to do it. They're ready to do it. But Nancy Pelosi does not wanna do it. I mean, I wish your governor-

-- I wish your governor would call up Nancy Pelosi and say, "Do it." She wants to hold it 'til after the election, and I think it's bad for the Democrats. But I'm ready

-- if they send the bill over, I am ready, willing and able. And I wanted a higher number than she wanted.

I'd do higher than her number, and who knows what her number is, but if you said, uh, if you said $1.8 trillion, if you said $2 trillion, if you said $2.2 trillion, you have many numbers, I'm willing to go higher than that because it wasn't the people's fault. This whole thing that we talk about was China's fault.

They caused this problem and they're gonna pay for this problem.

Well, I don't know in terms of public health crisis, obviously, it exists. It's very sad that it exists. It's a, uh, it's a devastating thing that it exists in our country and in other countries and probably almost every country. And it shouldn't exist. It's a terrible thing. And obviously, I am for getting rid of that problem.

But, uh, I don't know when you put a definition on it, uh, you can call it what you want, but I do believe it exists, yes.

Yup. I don't know that you can do too much, but I will say this, and I say it all the time and I don't even get a lot of, uh, backbiting on it, okay? I have done more than any president, with the exception of Abraham Lincoln, having to do with the Black community and helping the Black community. Nobody

That criminal justice reform done and all of your Democrats that were president before me and all of the people that were here couldn't get it done or even close. I got prison reform. I got opportunity zones done with Tim Scott of South Carolina, great senator. Uh, I got all of this stuff done. I -- I funded the historically Black, uh, colleges and universities.

And -- and they couldn't get it done with Obama, they couldn't get it done with Bush, they couldn't get it done with anybody. And you speak to the heads of those schools, not only did I fund them, I gave them more money than they were looking for. There is nobody that has done more for the Black community than President Trump.

Well, I think number one, you had a pandemic, and I know one thing that they are looking to come in and they're gonna do very big. I know the top person at Foxconn. He actually ran for a president, as you know, of Taiwan. I mean, it's one of those things. I guess he took a little time off or -- it didn't work out too well for him, by the way.

He didn't -- he didn't make it. But they will do, when I tell them to do, they will do what's supposed to be done because they did make promise. It's a massive company. They make the phones for, et -- et cetera, for Apple and other companies. It's a massive company. They will do what has to be done. I guarantee that.

-- 100%. You know, they have spent a lot of money. And they have -- I was at the plant and it's one of the most incredible plants I've ever seen. Uh, but they have been slowed down worldwide by the pandemic. And

-- they will do -- that will

If they don't meet the standards, you shouldn't give 'em the tax credits. But they will end up being a great investment for your state and they will put up a tremendous -- a lot -- a lot of money. By the way, if I'm president, if Biden's president, nobody's gonna do anything. You're gonna end up in a depression, okay?

He's gonna raise your taxes, he's gonna put rules and regulations in for these companies, they're all gonna leave our country. But if -- if that happens, if they start raising taxes, that will be different because I wouldn't blame them to leave. But if we win the election, Foxconn is going to come in with money like no other company has come in to our country.

You watch.

They're gonna deliver, yeah. It's not a big deal for them. This company is massive.

This company is massive. And I've also seen what they've done, and what they've done is really incredible, but what they have to do is more investment, then they're gonna do it. I speak to them. They're gonna do it. They're looking forward to do it.

Thank you very much. Thank you, Charles.