They want to denigrate it. This started about three weeks ago because they started hearing rumors saying we're going to have this vaccine in super record time. So instead of saying, wow, that's great, he's going to save a lot of lives, and people are going to be protected, and this whole thing will end faster -- it's going to end anyway -- but it's going to end faster.

They started to denigrate it. I noticed it about three weeks, they started denigrating it. And the reason they're doing that is because they think I'll get credit if we have a vaccine anywhere near the election, but certainly before the election, but essentially we're there now anyway, and we're ready to distribute very rapidly.

So what they're doing is trying to make it like, oh, that's not such a big deal, when actually it's one of the greatest things that anyone's done. And I'm not saying me, I'm saying anyone. I think it's so incredible, it's so important. And they've done it in record time. If this were a typical administration, this vaccine wouldn't be ready for two or three years because of the FDA processes.

I have totally changed the FDA process -- same safety, but the speed is from a different world, and we should have the vaccine approved very soon -- up and approved. Plus we have many companies doing it -- great companies, Johnson & Johnson, Pfizer, Moderna. We have many companies doing it, and almost all of them are having, at least so far, seemingly very good results.

They're in phase three trial. That means we're right at the end of the process. Really looking good and could be really early. And so all of a sudden instead of saying, wow, this is great news, we're going to have the vaccine early, they're saying, oh, the vaccine's coming out too soon, it's going to be unsafe, it's going to be all of these things -- has nothing to do with the safety.

These are great companies; they're not going to put themselves on the line. They would have tremendous liabilities. So it's a tremendous thing that they've done and that we've all done together. Then we're ready to distribute it very quickly, and we'll do our senior citizens first, the most vulnerable, as you can imagine, because they're really, it turns out -- we know the disease now -- the most vulnerable is senior citizens by far, especially if they have a problem with a heart or if they have diabetes or something, those two in particular.

And we'll take care of people. And you would think they'd be happy and thrilled and jumping up and down. Instead they just -- it's just a terrible situation, between that and the fake ballots, all of the different things that are going -- you know, this whole ballot thing, I call it unsolicited ballots.

They used to say universal, but nobody knows what that means. Unsolicited, meaning people didn't solicit these ballots. People are saying, hey, what's going on? I just got a whole batch of ballots. They have no idea who they're sending them to. You know they're sending them to the wrong people. The military got ballots, and they put my name, and I think they put Mike Pence with somebody else.

They had it all separated. It's so messed up. You have no idea. And they know it, they know it. They want it to be a mess. And it's very sad to see.

Look. You know it and I know it. Joe doesn't know he's alive. If you asked him that question without teleprompters, I don't think he could answer the question. And it's a sad thing that's going on. The whole thing is a sad thing. And you said it before, the Harris/Biden administration -- who would ever say such a thing?

I mean, I've been here for quite a while now, almost four years, if you can believe that. I never said the Pence/Trump administration. You don't say that. It's like so unnatural. Who would say what he said? You would think it's impossible unless there's something wrong

It was compounded when she went out and said the -- you know, puts her name first. She's always putting her name first. Otherwise, she's the most liberal person in the Senate. We've got the most liberal person in the Senate. So it's a sad thing that's going on, and hopefully we're going to have a big victory.

And I think when we have the victory, it's going to calm down because they're getting tired of losing. We've been beating them  and they're getting tired of losing. But it's going to be an interesting period of time. I do think -- and I go back to it all the time, because I go to the different states, we go to Michigan, we go to Ohio, we go to every state -- but the states where they have the ballots, which is particularly Pennsylvania and Nevada and North Carolina, without this whole tremendous amount of ballots piling in -- nobody knows where they're being sent.

I don't think the senders know -- or maybe even worse, they probably do know. I think that's going to cause a tremendous disruption on November 3rd.

Right.

Yes.

Absolutely.

Look, they know it doesn't work because there have been many races using this over the last 14, 15 months -- and I heard there was one yesterday or the day before yesterday, the ballots are so mixed up. They have millions of ballots going out on little races, like in New York or the one in Paterson, New Jersey or Virginia, or many other locations, and we're now finding out about the one from over the last couple of days.

We're talking about numbers like 30 percent and 40 percent off. We're not talking one percent -- which is too much, because you can lose by one percent a lot. But they off by 30, 40 percent sometimes. Ballots are missing, there's fraud. Now they have a new thing where they don't want to verify signatures because that makes it easier to --

-- so you don't have to verify a signature. You see that one in Nevada. It's a very tough situation. I will tell you this. You go out, you look at these governors and you look at -- I mean, I don't want to insult anybody, but take a look at some of these governors that are in charge of the ballots -- beyond partisan -- in many cases political hacks.

And it's going to be a very sad day. Look, people should go -- now if they have an absentee ballot or, you know, I call it a solicited ballot, where you say -- I like the word solicited, unsolicited, because people understand it. If you have the solicited ballot or an absentee ballot, that's good because you request a ballot.

The ballot gets sent to you. You send it back. You know, you have a very good chance that that's going to work out just fine. But when they just dump millions of ballots all over the country, it's not going to work. It's going to be a disaster. And they know it. They know it's not going to work. It doesn't even work when you have 30,000 ballots, and we're talking about many millions of ballots.

It's going to be mayhem. It's going to be bedlam, and this is what they want.

I'm tired of it .

It's never -- I've never seen anything like it --

-- before, but it's gotten to a point -- they're stone cold dishonest. "The New York Times," is stone cold dishonest. Although, I must tell you they gave me great credit for the recent deal with Bahrain, and UAE and Israel. I couldn't believe it, they gave me unbelievable -- I couldn't have written it better myself.

Tom Friedman gave us great credit. But outside of that literally one story -- and we've done things -- I mean, that's very significant, but I've done things possibly much more significant than that, they don't give credit. "The Washington Post," is a disaster, you can't get a good story. It's disgusting.

And then you go to ABC, NBC probably is the worst of all -- Concast -- I call it Concast, not Comcast -- it's a con job because they always try and protect their name, like, how legitimate they are. NBC is horrible, CBS is a disaster. And then you go into the real beauties, MSDNC, as we call it. And of course CNN -- but at least CNN, you know where they're coming from, you know they're stone cold dishonest.

At least you know that. So it's a sad thing, I mean, it's a very sad thing. Fortunately local press is extremely good. I get great local. You know, whenever I stop, like for a speech whenever I set up for a speech, I do one or two local reporters. These are the greatest stories, it's like, unbelievable.

They cover it so good -- actually they're almost more enthusiastic than I am. And so, we have that, we have some honest media. Fox is good -- but Fox is not what it was, I'll be very honest with you.

They've become politically correct, they think it's wonderful. They have more Democrats on than they have -- practically than they have Republicans. I'm complaining about it all the time. With all of that being said, we're doing much better than we did four years ago, and there's much more enthusiasm. You see these boat parades, truck parades, tractor parades -- nobody's ever seen anything like it.

We have nothing to do with it. And the enthusiasm is much greater, and I think that's because we've really done a great job. We've done things that nobody thought possible.

Right.

Media .

No. It's all a lie. The worst lie of all is that I'm standing over the grave of soldiers many years ago, warriors of many years ago. who I cherish, who I -- I'm very strong on the military. I love the military, and I respect the military. And they made up a lie that I called them suckers and losers. It was made up for the stupid magazine "The Atlantic," which I don't read, obviously -- but most other people don't read it either.

And they picked that up and we disputed it. So far 27 people have said it never happened -- 27, they have no people. They have unsourced, So, they end up taking that and making a television commercial out of it. And it's very sad to see when they can take something like that, which is a total lie, which was very successfully disputed, they make a television commercial out of it.

And I can't do anything from the standpoint of libel, because our libel laws are so pathetic. The lawyers -- good lawyers they say, sir, you'll just -- they'll throw it out even though you have it 100 percent, they'll throw it out. So they have this commercial. I see it all the time. I see it with the drug companies.

So I did something that nobody thought anybody would ever do -- because the drug companies are the biggest lobby in the country, and they're very powerful, spend hundreds of millions of dollars, they take care of everybody. I executed what's called a favored nations clause. That's a killer. Nobody ever thought I'd do that.

I executed -- I have the right to do it. Nobody's ever done it. No president's ever done it. That means if Germany's paying 10 cents per pill and we're paying $3 for the same pill -- and you had those kind of differences, as you probably have heard. We get it for 10 cents. We get it for the same as whoever.

We're the largest purchaser of prescription drugs in the world by far. So we have certain powers having that kind of a buying situation. So I executed a favored nations, and I executed a rebate clause, where the purchasers get their money back because they have a rebate clause. Right now the money goes to wealthiest people have to be -- it's called the middleman.

You've heard about the middleman for years, right? And right now that money goes to middlemen. Then I executed a third one, that we can buy our drugs from foreign countries. Because if we go to Canada, as an example, and buy drugs -- I was doing this with Ron DeSantis of Florida -- great governor from Florida -- I said -- he came to me and he said, you know, Canada is buying drugs, the same exact drug, by Johnson & Johnson, made in the same plant, everything else.

Right? Same technicians, everything identical, we can buy it in Florida from Canada for one half the price that we have to pay, we buy it from the United States. And I said go ahead and buy it. He said we can't because the law is against us. So I changed the law. So now Florida and other states can go to Canada -- or wherever -- and buy drugs at a low price.

Soon they won't have to because when  kicks in, that's even better, because when they get it for lower price.  to say Trump is going to raise the price of Medicare. No, just the opposite. It's going to  from falling down. Then I signed a transparency clause so that people could actually go out and get out.

You know, you don't even have the right to go to a drug store and ask them prices of other drugs. It's the most unbelievable thing. So I got rid of it. And what do I get for it? I get the most incredible advertising campaign I've ever seen, which is all false, . So the advantage is that a lot of people on social media, like over 200 million people -- and I put out the statements when you see bad ads about me from the drug companies, please remember that means that your prices are going to be substantially low.

And by the way, I'm talking about 2 percent or 1 percent. And you know, we are the -- we did something that nobody has done. In 53 years drug prices have never come down, we got it down last year, where they actually went down very little, but they went down. First time -- first time in 53 years. Now, you have a situation where they're going to come down at numbers like 50 percent, 60 percent, 70 percent.

But I can see why people didn't do it, because the drug companies took me on -- and the ads they're putting out are unbelievable. They're totally false, and there's nothing you can do about it. I would love to strengthen up the libel laws so when "The New York Times," writes ones of many fake stories, you can sue them and have a substantial chance of winning.

It's time to relook at that decision.

I really believe it's so out of control. We should have the right -- when somebody makes a false statement, we should have some right -- you have no chance. I mean, they can say anything they want, and if you're famous -- especially if you're famous -- but if you're famous, you have absolutely no chance.

There's nothing you can do legally. They should look at that. They should relook at that. I saw where Clarence Thomas, in an article, said it's time that we relooked at Sullivan, because it's totally out of control.

So, the manifesto is what you're referring to. That's the agreement that Bernie Sanders and AOC and all these people made with sleepy Joe Biden. Now, I thought it would be their view, and then you're going to go right or toward the center, because that's the way it normally would work. But, it isn't. It's their view and they went way left.

Because Bernie never said half of the things that -- I mean that's far left of what Bernie -- I've heard Bernie for a long time, you know, crazy Bernie, and I've heard what he says. But that manifesto that Biden agreed to is a disaster, what they have. Also, no fracking, now he says we're going to frack.

Well, he doesn't say it very strongly, but he says we're going to frack. But, you notice what's happening, he's losing the left now, because he's saying things like -- he never mentions the word law and order. All of this crime, all of the problems -- whether it's Chicago or Portland -- Portland's different, that's sort of an anarchist thing.

We could -- we could put that down so quickly, in minutes, literally minutes like we did in Minneapolis. We -- what we did in Minneapolis was incredible --

-- we sent them in. They had that think put out in a half an hour. It was the end of it. It was over in a half an hour. Now, Portland would be easier, we could do that so fast. We did it in Seattle by saying we're going in the next morning and then everybody cleared out. And essentially, they cleared out because they knew we were going in the next morning.

I just said we're going in, I don't care. And every one of these cities that has problems is run by Democrats.

Every one of them.

So let's just look -- I just left, as you know, California, I met with a governor and he -- and honestly, he's been very nice with words, and that's good. I said, you've got to -- you've got to manage this, it's a management thing. He said, no, it's global warming. And I said, when the leaves build up, and you have a floor of leaves, and the trees fall down, and you don't remove them because the environmentalists don't want you to touch the tree, within 18 months that tree gets to be like a matchstick, it gets to be unbelievably flammable.

And I meet with foreign leaders of countries, and they have an expression -- soon we are a forest nation. But they say, we have trees that are far more explosive than the trees in California. We don't understand how a thing like that could happen. You have to manage your forests. They have to do cuts. And they sell those trees for a lot of money, but they have to do cuts in between sections, so that if there's a fire over here, it doesn't burn down 500,000 acres because you have a cut.

And they water that cut very strongly and the fire can't go -- you know, it's the width of a football field, or whatever -- or less -- I mean, frankly, or much less -- but you have cuts. But they don't do that because the environmentalists don't want them to do it. When a tree comes down, you have to take that tree out immediately.

Because when it first comes down, it's wet from sucking up the water, but then it gets very dry -- then it gets really dry, then it starts to rot, and then it catches on fire. But the leaves, you have to do something about it. You can't have leaves that are so dry -- somebody takes a cigarette, they throw it in, that's the end of 400,000 acres.

And it costs billions of dollars, and we want to help them. But they get really angry about it after a while, and they don't want to hear about it, they don't want to talk about management. They had an interesting man at the meeting, I guess he was a professor, and he was at the table. And he was their person, and he said, sir, you happen to be 100 percent right about management.

I do this, I've been doing it for many years. I mean, we could create an area in which is almost impossible for it to catch fire. But it's forest management, and it's so sad. In California they have tremendous amounts of water pouring down from the north. You look at it -- and yet they have no water. And they're going to ration everybody.

And all they have to do is let the water come down. You heard what they do with the water? They send it out into the Pacific Ocean, they have this massive valve up north, and as the water comes pouring down from the snow and all beautiful nice, clean water, they send it out. Because there's a tiny, little fish that they are trying to save.

They're doing very poorly by the way.

I think it's smelt, tiny, little fish -- doing very poor, doing much worse now without the water. I don't know, you think they'd be better with the water. But they have this massive valve, and they turn this massive -- it takes a whole day to turn it. And all of that water comes -- and it comes pouring -- and you know where it goes?

Into the Pacific. But Kevin McCarthy see me, says, do you think you can work on the water? We can't get any water for the farms, for this -- and you drive through these farm areas, where I have been, you have this beautiful patch of little green, and I say, why is this beautiful patch, and why is everything else like just barren, horrible?

He said, we don't have any water. Why? Do you have a drought? No. Well why don't you have water? Because it's sent out into the Pacific. I said why? He said, state and federal regulations. I said, I will solve the federal problem. Department of Commerce. I had it solved within a month. I got rid of every obligation.

All we need is one signature from the governor, and this is -- we're talking about now Los Angeles -- goes all the way down to Los Angeles. Los Angeles, you can't even water your grass. You're not allowed to water your grass. You have a home for $25 million, you can't water the grass. So I said, so why would you do this?

They don't even know why. It is the smelt, but it's probably other reasons. So I'm saying to myself I got them all -- the hard one is the federal farmers. I got it all gone, it was all taken care of, the federal farmers, we have no problem. So I say, why aren't they doing this? And we just can't get the governor to sign it.

You would have so much water in California. You'd be able -- all those fields that are open -- I mean, I've never seen anything -- you're driving down the highway and everything is like really terrible looking, and then you have this gorgeous patch of green. That's the only area they have to water. They allowed like this tiny amount of water.

That whole thing could be farmland, but they send the water out into the Pacific Ocean. A long story, but there are many, many stories like that -- the stupidity of it all.

Common sense.

It's a great word you use -- and maybe that does explain it, chose the word regressive. You seldom hear that word -- almost never, haven't heard that word in a long time -- regressive. They really are regressive. And I used to say we'll be another Venezuela, but I never really -- I don't know that I believed it fully.

That wasn't too long ago. But I do. We could be -- if that kind of stuff gets put in, we will be another Venezuela, except on major steroids, OK -- on major . There are so many things you can do. There are so many things that are so good, that cost less, and its better, better for the people.

I look at these horrible -- they're not protests, they're riots, OK? They're riots. These people are running around, they're on top of each other, they're stepping on each other, they're on each other's face, they're rioting like crazy, and nobody complains. The -- the Democrats don't complain about it.

It's a -- it's incredible. You look at -- in every instance they say, well, you're the president of everybody, I say, that's true, but we want to clean it up. We want to make it better. And if you can't do it, because it's a Democrat city. Look at Chicago, where 58 people where shot -- this is in like -- where there was  shot, right -- shot.

And they -- now the reports are, 58 people were shot this weekend in Chicago, 10 died. OK, let's get on to the weather. How's the weather? They've gotten used to it -- 58 people. So, we're pulling out of Afghanistan as you know, we're very close to getting out. We're very close to getting out. We'll soon be down to only 4,000 soldiers.

And we're really more of a police force than we are anything else. You know, we're like a police force. And we're not supposed to be a police force over there, we should be police force only here. So, we're doing a lot of things that --

Yes, of course.

First of all, I was really honored to get that endorsement, because I didn't know it was coming. I get along great with the generals. Don't forget, I spent $2.5 trillion to rebuild our military. Our military was in terrible shape -- all built in the USA by the way -- which is very nice, OK? But you have to see the submarines that we have, most powerful weapon on earth.

We have the most powerful weapons on earth. Nobody is even close. We have weapons -- and I said this other day -- this is very interesting. I said, we have weapons so incredible, so powerful, so advanced, that President Xi in China, Putin, everybody, they'd be so jealous. You know what I was greeted with?

Did he violate confidentially? Did he violate class -- classified information? They said no. What I said is we have the greatest weapons because I got them done. We have the greatest weapons ever. When you talk about the -- I call it the super duper missiles, the one that goes seven times faster. We have one that now goes much faster than that.

But, we've rebuilt our military, and you need it, when you look at China, when you look at Russia. And I think to a lesser extent -- I think China's the bigger problem. They don't -- you know -- it doesn't fit the narrative . It's always Russia, Russia, Russia. I said, what about China? They don't want to talk about China.

You know this -- this very dishonest person named Adam Schiff, Shifty Schiff, you can have a meeting, talk about China. He'll leave the meeting and leak that Russia is stealing our election. OK. Russia is stealing our election. Nobody has been tougher on Russia than I have with the sanctions and everything else.

And I guarantee you that in closed doors Putin says that to his people. But getting along with people isn't the worst thing either. Getting along with Russia, get along -- now China caused the problem because this whole China virus has caused a big problem. We signed a great trade deal, we're doing phenomenally well with the trade deal.

We've taken in massive tariffs from China, which nobody every charged. China never paid us 10 cents. Tens of millions. I gave $28 billion of that money to farmers and had tremendous amounts of money left over. China is a problem because of what happened with this whole situation. But you would think they'd be really happy with the job we're doing, and they're not.

But a lot of people are.

We destroyed ISIS.

ISIS was all over the place.

We welcome them 100 percent. You know, normally we don't like to things because of -- they'll come in . So they took this path, which lead to blood all over the sand, millions of people killed. We spent $8 trillion in the Middle East, OK. Eight trillion. They were never going to get anywhere. The Iran deal was a disaster.

By the way, with the Iran deal, you could've never done these deals. You could have never done it because of the deal. You have 150 billion plus $1.8 billion in cash. You hear 1.8 billion -- people can't even imagine. They did such a bad deal, they were so bad. John Kerry was so inept, he is so incompetent.

He negotiated a deal. They won every point. He would never get up and leave. Sometimes you have to get up and leave. You would know that better than anybody. Sometimes you'll say, I'm sorry, we can't make a deal, goodbye. And they'll call you back, because we have all the cards. We do have all the cards, people just don't know that.

This was the stupidest deal, and it made it impossible to do anything. So I terminated that deal. Iran is a different country. That's not to say they're not violent and vicious, but they're poor. Their GDP went down 27 percent, which is a record-setter in history. Nobody knows -- nobody has ever heard of the 27 percent of it.

And I'm not looking to do that. I'd like them to be strong again. I -- but they cannot have a nuclear weapon. They cannot have a nuclear weapon. And it's' not too much to ask. They cannot have a nuclear weapon. But John Kerry, the deal he made was so incompetent. I terminated it, and after I terminated it, good things started to happen.

Number one, they didn't have money, so they're not giving money to every terrorist group all over the world, because they don't have it. And the terrorist groups are very angry at them, but they're starting to break up because they don't have any money. Iran was giving them massive amounts of money, including $150 billion that we gave them.

Plus I've got Saudi Arabia now just to sort of hold back, because they were also -- a lot of -- there was a lot of money going to a lot of bad people. We watch it very closely. Those people are breaking up, and they don't have the same -- you know, do they have money to do mischief and really bad mischief?

Absolutely, because it doesn't cost very much money and we're watching. We put out a statement the other day, they talked about assassinating people from the United States, representatives, said that's OK, but if you do that, we're going to be hitting you with a force 1,000 times bigger than you've ever been hit with before, and it's true.

I had some bad people -- some stupid people. Like, John Bolton's a stupid person. What I he did, I think is highly illegal. I mean the book is just crazy, it's lot -- it's loaded up with confidential and classified information, combination --

I let Bill Barr handle that, I don't get involved.

I'll just say this, he leaves and he writes a book while I'm in office. How do you do that?

How do you do that? So wrong -- and the judge that we had, I thought he was a fantastic -- I mean, the statements he made were fantastic. I will say this, John Bolton was a very stupid person. If I listened to John Bolton, we'd be in World War V right now. If we listened to John McCain we would have been in World War V right now.

If -- I disagree with Mattis very much, he was fired by President Obama. He was fired. Like a dog he was fired. But I said, that wasn't necessarily a bad thing, because I disagreed with Obama, so maybe he'd be good with me. He failed with ISIS. I then got the guys that I wanted, and we did a great job on ISIS.

We got rid of that problem, so pleased with them -- got 100 percent of the caliphate. Remember, I wanted to pull everybody out with like 98 percent. And they said, sir, you have to finish. I said, all right, let's finish. We finished it. We have some great generals. You don't read about that, you only read about Mattis.

So we got rid of them, we have a great team of people. But we've rebuilt our military to a level that nobody has any understanding of how great it is. All brand new beautiful stuff and plenty of stuff coming.

Thank you very much.