My friend for a long time, right? Long time.

That is true, I will say.

Ah, well, you've been a friend of mine for a long time, Geraldo. And I love the state that you happen to be in, I love Ohio, it's been a great state and we had a great --

Terrible. They've had many, many attempts to destroy it from people, just people coming along, they dump paint on it, people are very angry about it. The Fifth Avenue merchants who pay a lot of rent, they're very angry about it, very, very angry. No, it's a terrible thing, Geraldo, he's been a terrible mayor.

The psychology of New York City was so good. I tell you what, when I left, the psychology of New York City was wonderful and now, it's a disaster. It's very sad. I haven't been back for a long time, but it's very sad to see what's happening --

Yeah.

Well, that actually is a very --

Lot of problems.

Lot of problems.

It is, it's very devastating --

To watch it. So simple. It could be fixed up so easy, but they have got the wrong ideology, honestly.

Well, it is.

If you look at the rest of the country, we're setting records, we're doing great. Republican-run cities and states are doing record... We're doing phenomenally. But you look at some of these states that we're talking about, look at New York, whether it's city or state, you look at what's going on. You look at... Illinois is a disaster.

It's a disaster, economic disaster, people are leaving, people are fleeing and it's a terrible thing to watch. Terrible. And Chicago, it speaks for itself. And it's hard to believe with all of the crime in Chicago, New York, some of these places, the numbers are very good nationwide. But nationwide, we have mostly great cities, that's the problem.

We have mostly well-run great cities and states, but you get into the few and incredibly, you don't read about it in the news, you don't see it on the evening shows, you don't see it in the newspapers. You see a little bit on the internet, but even the internet is not... The internet is totally controlled by a few people and they make it very difficult.

I mean, it's a miracle that I won, that people... It is a miracle because it's so fixed.

Yeah.

So I just say the internet, when you look at what's happening with Facebook and with Twitter, it's 100% possibly illegal.

The perfect statement. Yeah. You mean a statement about youth, right? The youth. They are just not targeted very much by this pandemic from China, it's an amazing thing. And then they take you off of that statement. Every doctor is saying what I'm saying. Not every doctor, I guess, there'll be some that won't, but can you imagine they took that statement off?

They didn't take me off, they took that statement off. We have a lot of followers.

Oh, of course. But they're doing anybody on the right, anybody, any Republican, any conservative Republican is censored. And look at the horrible things they say on the left, they say things that are shocking. I mean, shocking, how horrible. And they're not censored, they're not talked about, they're able to go ahead and do whatever they want to do, say whatever they want.

But if you happen to be on the right, if you're a Republican or a conservative Republican, what they're doing to people is incredible. So, we'll see how that all turns out.

In the meantime, people understand it.

And I have a voice.

Yeah.

I'm going to. Yeah. I'm going to.

Soon, very soon. It's expiring tomorrow. But I will be doing it on evictions, I'll be doing it... Because the problem with the Pelosi, Schumer group is they've got all these cities that we're talking about, the same places and states, Illinois and New York, California and others that are run by radical left people, to put it nicely, that have already totally taken over Biden in this campaign.

I mean, this poor guy doesn't know what's happening.

No, but I think he's a puppet for them. He doesn't know what to do. Look at the manifesto.

Well, I don't want to get into it, but he doesn't seem too sharp, let's face it. Okay? Look at the manifesto, the agreement that he's got with Bernie Sanders and the radical left. That's further left than Bernie. Open borders, take... If they want to take down the wall, I don't think they say it in the manifesto, but look at what he wants to do.

They want to raise taxes through the roof, they're going to kill everybody. Want to raise taxes through the roof, put regulations back on so that jobs will disappear, stock market will crash if you do that. One of the biggest things I've done is regulations. I took the biggest number of regulations by far of any President, not even close, and that's one of the reasons that the economy was booming and is booming again.

I mean, it's starting to boom again. Wait till you see it, it's going to be very soon.

No, but it was a good report, very much below what they thought it would be. And tomorrow, the job numbers come out and for the last two months, the job numbers were records. And I have every reason to believe they should be good because look at what happened yesterday with cars, with used cars sales and manufacturing of cars, through the roof.

Through the roof.

Yeah, I do. And I think next year is going to be a very strong year and I think the third quarter's going to be good, and that's despite the fact that we're hurt by the blue states because they don't want to go back to school, they don't want to go back, even if they're in relatively good shape, because they want to hurt the election, they think it'll be bad for me in the election and I think people get it.

People are too smart.

Well, you have to do it safely. I mean, you have a very good governor in Ohio and you have to do it safely, but people want to go back. There's danger to not going back too, people are... With the alcoholism and with the drugs and with the depression and the suicide and the fighting with somebody for 30 years.

All of a sudden, you're mandated, you can't leave your house, you can't leave your apartment, you can't do... All of a sudden --

Hey, they realize they don't get along so well.

But you know it happens in reverse too, some people said they've fallen in love again. Okay? So --

Well, he only travels virtually.

He's a virtual traveler.

I don't know.

I'll let you know on November 4th.

Unless you do too many of these ballot deals, in which case, you'll never know the end of the election, these crazy --

He would like not to. I mean, I know that for a fact because we're dealing with everybody. He would like not to. I think it's very hard for him not to. I actually think we have a public service, I put it out this morning, I think it's a public service to debate. People have to see what's going on and where you're coming from, and I think they know me, I'm on every day doing something and I do those news conferences at 5:30 every day and they're very well watched.

And I take the toughest questions from people that are truly terrible reporters, in many cases, terrible, absolutely terrible people.

Well, only because of a good ideology, like let's get people jobs, let's go to work, let's have good education, let's have a strong military, let's have low taxes and regulations. They seem to hate that ideology.

I think she's fine. I mean, she did very poorly in the race, she was expected to be one of the winners and one of the potential stronger candidates and she ended up going out with nothing, so she was a thud. But I'm fine with any of them, frankly, I would've said she'll probably be the one. But she did very poorly.

No. Look, I just want to save lives. I mean, I'm rushing it, I am, I'm pushing everybody. If you had another president other than me, you wouldn't be talking vaccines for two years, you know that. What I did with FDA has been amazing, according to everybody. Literally, it's been amazing. And no, I'm pushing it very hard and I want to push it very hard, I will push it very hard.

But I'm not doing it for votes, I'm doing it because that's the right thing to do and I'm doing it to save lives, Geraldo.

Well, Fauci said don't wear masks, and so did a lot of other people, and then all of a sudden, they changed their mind, they said wear masks and we listen to doctors. But he said and other people said don't wear masks. So, I will say this. No, I don't. I think it's a referendum on everything. What I've done, nobody's done what I've done in the first three and half years, whether it's Space Force, rebuilding our military, building the wall.

The wall is going to be completed right toward the end of the year, 500 miles of wall, which is amazing. Nobody thought that would be possible.

Well, no, DACA's going to work out, Geraldo, it's going to work out --

It's going to work out, just tell people to relax, we're using it for other purposes and DACA's going to work out.

I don't want to promise anything. I mean, it's a negotiation, so I can't promise anything. But DACA's going to work out, I think it's going to work out very well. I think the people are going to be very happy and a lot of good things are happening, a lot of good things. And if I win, we'll have a deal with Iran very quickly.

They're dying to make a deal, but they want to wait to see because they'd rather negotiate with sleepy Joe than Trump. And China is just dying to have sleepy Joe back in there because they paid tens of billions of dollars in tariffs and taxes that they never paid before, and they were having a terrible year prior to the plague coming in, the China plague, and lot of things.

That first week is going to be very good if I win --

No, the first week after the victory --

A lot of things will get done. Iran will make a deal, they're dying to make a deal. Iran is dying to make a deal.

Well, it should be brought up. Look, it's a crooked deal. If I ever did that, it would be the worst thing ever done. I mean, you see his father on television, you talk about quid pro quo, that's a quid... I had none. That's a quid pro quo. And with a billion dollars, you're not getting it, ba-ba-ba. I mean, they have tapes of the conversations, it's crazy.

And they don't even --

Oh, she totally implicated him. She totally implicated him, but it got very little press coverage because the press is rigged, it's corrupt. We have a corrupt media, let's face it. You know that. We have a corrupt media.

Yeah, he's a dirty cop, I call it. I mean, I call him a dirty cop and that's exactly what he is and it's a shame. Look, we caught them spying on my campaign, we caught them doing very bad things, it's treasonous, it's everything, and we'll see what happens with Durham. Durham is coming back with a report, and more than a report, I guess, I think it's not a report.

I'm not interested in the report, I think everybody that reads the newspapers, they probably know what's happening. But Durham's coming back and I hope it's going to be soon, and I would imagine he's got plenty. All you have to do is read the newspapers to see what they have.

Yeah, you do.

You have to read between the lines, or you could read certain newspapers that cover it very well. Lot of them cover it very well actually, but not the ones that you would think. Not the ones that get Pulitzer Prizes for covering stories badly.

But --

No, it's just a continuation --

No, I'm not worried about it because I did nothing wrong. It's a continuation of a witch hunt. This is just a continue... They tried in Washington, they failed. Mueller failed, everybody failed. This is a continuation of the same thing, it's a witch hunt. Mueller spent 45 million dollars, they went over everything.

And I win with Mueller, there's no collusion, no nothing, that was a big bust, then he testified before Congress, that was a big bust also. But Mueller looked at all the stuff, everybody looked at it, now we've won at every level, every level. And now I see they have New York people, and New York is purely politics, it's all Democrat politics, as you know.

So they failed in Washington, Mueller failed, the Russia, Russia, Russia, the Ukraine, Ukraine, it was all terrible, terrible what they did. I mean, terrible. Most people wouldn't be able to take it, to be honest with you. In fact, somebody put something --

Well, we'll see what happens. I wish they'd rush it, to be honest with you, but we'll see what happens. But this was an attempted take down of a President of the United States, it was a coup attempt and it was also tried both before and after my election. And whether it's the insurance policy, where Strzok and his lover, Lisa Page going back and forth.

And she'll win, but just in case she doesn't, we have an insurance policy, essentially. That's what they said. And that's just so unbelievable.

That was a big moment when we found that little gem.

No, a lot, it's a lot. Yesterday, I was at 51 in Rasmussen.

Rasmussen 51.

And they got it most accurately the last time. By the way, these numbers are much better than last time.

I don't think so. I mean, I went to Texas, I've never seen such enthusiasm. Just two days ago, I went to Florida, never saw such enthusiasm, got the support of law enforcement all over the state and all of the sheriffs in Florida, same thing in Texas. I mean, when you think of it, how about Texas? One of the polls said Trump is leading by one in Texas.

Okay, I'm in favor of oil and gas, I'm in favor of the bible, I'm in favor of Second Amendment, right? Biden's against all of those things. He's against oil, he's against the bible, essentially, against religion, but against the bible, and he's against the Second Amendment.

Well, okay, take a version of it. Well, the people that control him totally are. I mean, it may be a little harsh for him, but he's going to have no control. They're going to take him over.

I don't know him. Really, I don't know him. I mean, I've known him a little bit over the years, but I can't tell you. I think what he did with his son was not very decent, I think that was theft, that was pure theft.

I do, yeah. I do. I really do. That's what he is, and everybody knows it. Everybody.

Well, that came out. Didn't it come out 62% said? 62%. They did a poll that said 62% of the people, I think, about a week ago. And well, that's what happened last time. I had a poll last time that I was going to lose all seven swing states by a lot and I won all seven swing states, in some cases, by a lot.

But I had a poll that I was going to lose every single swing state, Geraldo, and even I said, "This might not be too pretty." And then the results came in and I won every single one of them.

Well, we have a tremendous --

We have a tremendous group of people out there that --

We call them the silent majority, we call them a lot and they don't want to talk about it, they just want to go out and do it. And they don't like these ballots, these ballots are rigged. You saw what happened with Carolyn Maloney, they declared her a winner and they don't even have the votes. They don't even know what the votes are.

Yeah, I do. Well, I think in Nevada, we will. Yeah, I think we will, absolutely. I think so. And we have a good legal team and I think we're going to win that. We'll have to see. But everything's a fight.

Well, it is, it's a terrible thing. We were doing better than anybody, nobody could've beaten us, we were rocking, you know that. We were rocking, we had the greatest... But think of it, the stock market's almost back to where it was.

No, but think of it. I mean, yeah, but how about that? Supposedly, the stock market was cut in half. The stock market did go down, but now it's coming back and it's coming back strong. I mean, Nasdaq's higher than it ever was and the others are very close. We're at numbers that we were almost at and that means 401Ks are good.

If Biden ever got in, you'd have a depression. The only reason the stock market isn't even higher is the possibility that Biden could win because that's called an overhang. There's an overhang because there is a possibility that he wins and if he wins, the stock market will crash. You watch.

I hope you don't have to watch.

Well, I didn't know him at all.

I never spoke to him, to the best of my knowledge. But I never spoke to him. I didn't know him at all. And no problem, but I didn't know him at all. He wasn't somebody that --

Oh, I do  African-Americans.

No, I do. I do.

No, I know, but I do care very much. I've done more for African-Americans than any president, with a possible exception of Abraham Lincoln, and that's true. I've passed criminal justice reform, I funded the historically black colleges and universities, nobody else did it, I did it. I gave them long-term financing, they never had it, half of them were going out of business, they were having a hard time.

They came up to see me, I took care. Obama never did it, nobody ever did it, I did it. Opportunity zones, and the job numbers are the best in the history of this country for African-Americans, Hispanic-Americans --

I've done more... I've done more than --

I've done more... That's real civil rights.

That's going to be interesting, right? Well, I like Kanye and I've --

Well, he is, I think. Kanye is a different kind of a person. No, I think it's good that his voice gets out there. I actually think it's fine. I'm not --

I didn't speak to him about it.

Yeah, I think it's going to hurt sports, just like it did... The NFL was going really down until they stopped, and I think this is going to hurt. I personally won't be watching much. I think when you have people kneeling, there are plenty of places you can protest, you don't have to protest when they're raising the flag and playing the national anthem.

And when they're kneeling during the national anthem, I'm not a watcher.

I feel good physically, I feel confident that we're going to have a victory and if we don't, I've done my best. We were sailing to a victory, greatest economy in the history of the world, actually. I've built the greatest economy in the history of the world. There's never been an economy... China was doing terribly and we were doing great, I was tariffing them and doing things that were unheard of before.

Before I came in, China was eating our lunch, they were ripping us off like nobody's ever ripped us off before. But I built the greatest economy in history, I did a tremendous for African-American, Asian-American, Hispanic-American, women, everybody was at the top. But we had the greatest economy in history and then we got hit by the China virus and now, we're... And we closed it up because we had to, we saved millions of lives and now we're opening it up and it's a V. Looks like it's a V.

No, I tell you --

I do think we have great Asian support and they understand exactly what it is that we're doing and saying and they understand how China has hurt our country very much. We've been ripped off by China for years, they've been taking money out and rebuilding their country and our presidents were either naïve or stupid to allow this to happen, but we've been giving China from 200 billion to 575 billion dollars a year for many, many years.

And with that kind of money --

You can rebuild your --

Ah, I wouldn't be surprised. I mean, I can't say that with certainty, but it's possible. We have a lot of vaccines under study, by the way, we look like we're going to be really good on vaccines and with therapeutics, so we have a lot --

Sooner than the end of the year. Could be much sooner.

I think, in some cases, yeah, it's possible before, but right around that time. We have great companies, great, these are the greatest companies in the world. And the rest of the world is also doing vaccines, so let's see how they do. I'm all for them. Whoever comes up with it.

I mean, she's not happy about it, she thinks it's very unfair, but I said don't worry about it, just don't worry about it. I think I've got a good attitude. I think it's pretty good, it's pretty amazing. Somebody wrote yesterday, "How does he take it? He's hit by" --

You know how?

Because I'm doing a great job... I'll tell you how I'm taking it, because I'm doing a great job for the country and the country knows it. And when I go to Texas and Florida and drive down the highways and you have 100,000 people on those highways, all the way from either 20, 25 minute drive and you have, I mean, tens and tens of thousands of people waving the Trump flag and the Trump/Pence flag and all of the things that they wave, it's... And I see no opposition, I see no Biden people.

I drove in Texas, we drove quite a distance from the airport and it was unbelievable, the crowd. I didn't see any opposition, and the same thing with Florida, I saw no opposition. And then you read an article written by the fake news that there were crowds, but they were equally dispersed between Biden and Trump.

I don't think there was anybody and that's saying equally dispersed. I mean, we have a very corrupt media, it's corrupt. And I used to call it fake, I still do actually because it sort of works, but it's beyond fake. It's corrupt.

It's actually corrupt.

No, I'm thinking about the White House because it's the most convenient place --

No, but it's the place that we're looking at now. It's the easiest, it's the least expensive --

Well, I could do that too. I mean --

Any place I use --

Geraldo, any place I use, they will... No, no. Any place I use, they will find trouble with it. I could use my hotel right down the street --

Well, yeah, but --

He used his hotel... Oh, forget it.

They'll say, "He used his hotel." I could use some other building, they'll say, "He used some other building." Any place I could go, any place I picked, they will find a problem with it. So I think the White House is, by far, the least expensive because all of the security is here, you don't have to do anything, it's easiest and it's certainly a fitting, beautiful place, so that's what I'm thinking about doing.

I think Biden's doing his speech virtually, I hear now, and he's not going to --

Wisconsin, which I think is a slap to Wisconsin, frankly, a real slap. They worked hard to get that convention, I think it's a slap. But --

No, no, the pandemic is a disaster, there's no question about it. All over the world, Geraldo. They don't talk about other countries and a lot of these countries that were doing so well, a lot of these countries , now they have big flare ups. Big flare ups in Italy and Spain right now, and France and --

No, I don't --

I don't think about it.

Power A, it's the power of positive thinking, just think forward. Look, we've done a great job --

I've done a great job for the country. We got hit by a virus and we've done a great job on that, but we don't get the credit with the ventilators and with everything. And you look at our statistics, we're a bigger country. And you have to remember other countries don't report real numbers. Do you think China's reporting their numbers?

Do you think India? Do you think all these... They're not reporting their numbers, but we see what's happening by satellite. I mean, they don't report. If you read China, they'll talk about a tiny number of people. I mean --

No, I thought it was a good interview. I don't know. Some people liked it, some people didn't.

A lot of people liked that interview, I don't know how you felt about it, but a lot of people like... No, he hit with phony numbers and I responded. He's a nice guy. But some people thought it was an unfair interview, I thought it was fair enough. I didn't go in there saying, "You can't ask me this." I could do that too, everybody wants --

No, I didn't. When I accepted your call, I did it because I've known you for a long time. I refuse to say how long.

But I've known you for a long time, you've always been square with me, you're a good guy. And yeah, I mean, they want me on every show in the world, every show in the world --

That's true.

I do.

Well, he should. He should take that test and... it's a vital way. They always show the first question, but they don't show the last questions and a lot of people wouldn't get those last questions right. He should take a test, I think. I think it would be good. I took it because people were saying... First they say, "He's addicted, or wants to take over the world, he's a total genius," the next day, they say the opposite, right? "He doesn't know what he's doing, he's stupid, he's this, he's that." They say the most horrible things to fake news.

So when I did my physical, I asked the doctor, highly respected guy, do they have some kind of a test, a mental test, a mentality test, a cognitive test? They said yes, they do. I said, "Should I take it?" He said, "Well, you can. But if you take it, we have to announce it because it's public stuff, pretty much." I said, "I don't care." I said, "How tough is it?" He said, "It's pretty tough.

Toward the end, it gets pretty tough." So I took it and I got a perfect score on it, and it was given to me by a very respected doctor, who was also the doctor for Obama and Bush, a highly respected doctor and I did very well on it. And I think it's something that it would... Maybe it's a good standard.

Maybe presidents or potential presidents should take it. Maybe they should.

But I did take it. I took it. And you know what's a very interesting thing, once I took that, all of the mentality stuff, the kind of nasty hits that they would give you, even though they know it's not true because --

No. Oh, yeah, it all disappeared. Now they say I'm a dictator and I'm fascist, I'm all these other things that are nasty. But all of the stuff having to do with brainpower, it just literally disappeared when I took it, it was announced and I took it. And I think it would be a good thing for Biden to take it actually.

But it did, it was an amazing thing, it was... It just stopped that, so it was worthwhile doing it. And I think Biden should do it, but that's up to him. I mean, that's got to be a choice of a person, you can't --

Right.

I think that, first of all, the governors run their states, you understand that. That's the way it's set up. I mean, that's the way it's supposed to be. And whether you call it federalist or anything else, the governors run. We've had some great governors and we have some governors that didn't do as well.

But what I did with ventilators and what I did with getting people equipment because the governors were not stocked, nobody has ever done a better job. We've done a great job and we haven't been rewarded with --

I guess you could say that people call things wrong, but it's understandable, nobody knew what this disease was. At the beginning, they said no masks and people still say that, some people, but some people don't. I say use them, but I wouldn't mandate it, but I'd say use them. But no, I think we've done an unbelievable job.

And the biggest thing I did, and Fauci will say this, save tens of thousands of people by putting a ban on China very early in January when Nancy Pelosi and everyone else was saying it was a terrible thing, even in late February, that I put the ban on. Then I put the ban on Europe because I saw what was happening in Italy, and that was a great thing.

You have to understand, we have a big country and our testing has been unbelievable, we tested 61 million people, but that's a double-edged sword. Because we tested so many people, we have more cases, so then they say, "We have more cases." So because we have the tests, we give them cases. Other countries that don't do this testing, they don't have cases.

So it's a double-edge, it's PR gold, I used to say PR for the fake news, the testing.

Well, I am very vocal, it hurts me no end. I think it's a disgrace and I say it all the time, I say we shouldn't have lost one person. We shouldn't have lost one person, this should've been stopped by China. China did this to us, it should've been stopped by China. They stopped it from going into China and they didn't stop it from going into Europe and the US and the rest of the world.

And Europe's plenty angry at them too, I can tell you. But it's one of those things that's just terrible and it should've never happened, they should've never allowed it to come out of China, but they did. They stopped it going into China, but they didn't stop it going to us and to the rest of the world and I am --

Very angry about it.

I think... And that's a good word, back to normal. But I think that... A good grouping of words. See, if I don't say that, they'll say, "He said word and it was words," so that's why I say a good grouping of words, Geraldo, you understand.

But I will tell you, it is a good grouping of words. Back to normal is a great goal and then beyond where we were is another great goal and in a very short distance, we will be beyond where we were economically. Next year's going to be a great year economically. We're going to have vaccines very soon, we're going to have therapeutics very soon.

Our country is set, we had a very strong foundation, that's the only reason our numbers are good, that's the only reason the stock market's doing so well. I mean, we're hitting a new record practically, we're right next to the record and Nasdaq broke the record a month ago and has broken it ever since. So, you look at that, you look at people's 401Ks, you look at their stocks, and jobs are coming back at a record . So, I think we're going to be extremely good, unless some foolish person that doesn't know what he's doing comes in and quadruples and triples and doubles and different taxes comes back and increases regulation so businesses can't perform anymore, like they had when I got in.

If that happened, I will tell you, you could forget about everything. Look, if Joe Biden got elected, I believe you would have a depression in this country. If I get elected, we're going to have the greatest economic comeback we've ever had and we're going to have the greatest economy we've ever had. That's a slight difference and there are many other differences too.

So, Geraldo, I have to go, but I thank you very much.

It's been a long time and --

Oh, good, good, good. I love that. I hear those flotillas, they're incredible, I love them. That's the sign of what I'm talking about, that's the silent majority, I don't do anything about that, that's the silent and they're coming out to vote.

They're all coming out to vote.

Thank you very much, Geraldo.

Thank you.

Bye.

Bye.