Well, maybe the point of great success. You know, we were at that point, where we had a tremendous -- nobody covered it better than you, Lou -- and we had a tremendous economy. We had the best employment numbers, best stock market numbers, although they're catching up. We're very close. But we had the best numbers that you have ever seen and the best numbers anybody has ever seen, probably the best numbers ever for an economy, beating China badly, beating everybody badly.

And they were coming along, because they weren't able to fight that. And the COVID -- actually, now they try and play that game. But they were very close. Success -- there's nothing like success for bringing people together. Sometimes, they don't want to necessarily come for that reason, but we were getting much closer.

And this came. And now I don't know if you heard some of the numbers on cars and manufacturing, but some of the numbers released yesterday --

-- and today were absolutely incredible, beyond anybody's belief.

Yes.

Well, that's not going to happen, Lou. What we did is, we were, as we said, setting records in every way, and then we got hit by the plague. I call it the China plague, China virus. Call it whatever you want. It's got like 20 different names. And we got hit hard. And we did close up. We had to close it up. And we did the right thing.

We saved millions of lives, Lou. We would have had millions of lives. We have a number now which is unacceptable, but every number, anybody -- anything more than one person is unacceptable, because they could have stopped it. They could have stopped it from coming in. You say it all the time. They stopped it from coming into China, but they didn't stop it from here, Europe and the rest of the world.

So, we closed it down. And we're now opening it up. And it looks like it's a V. It's absolutely a V. But we're not going back to shutdowns now. We understand the disease. We understand the problems with elderly, especially elderly with heart or diabetes or other problems. And we're able to take care of them.

We understand it now. But we're not shutting down. We have done really very well. The numbers are looking very good, by the way, in Florida, Texas and California. They're heading down.

True.

Right.

Right. Well, we are opening the economy very rapidly. And, frankly, some of the blue states, we wish they'd do it, and they'd do it fast. We're asking them to do it. But they like to keep it closed. It'll probably open up on November 4th. You understand that. They will announce that they're opening on November 4th.

There's a lot of politics involved in some of these states that are closed. It's, let's say, Democrat governors. We're being kind. We will say Democrat governors, some radical left and maybe some not so radical left, but they're all Democrats. And, frankly, they want to keep it closed, I think, as long as possible, maybe for some good reasons, but maybe also for political reasons.

But we want it opened. We want the schools open, Lou. You know, young people, they have better immune systems than we do, Lou. I hate to tell you this. And they are in very good shape --

-- virtually, virtually immune from this disease. They're incredible, the strength of their -- probably, you have to give the credit to their immune system. It's called being young. And yet, with the flu and various other things, they don't do so well. So, you know, somebody will explain that someday, perhaps.

But they -- certainly, for the China virus, they do very well. They do very, very well. So, we want to open the schools. We are going to be opening most of the schools. The parents, generally speaking, want them open. And we want to do it safely, Lou. We want to get them open safely. But we want the whole deal opening.

We want people starting to go to the office and starting to work. And I have to say, despite that, the numbers have been very, very good. We have a big number coming out on Friday. I believe it will be Friday. And that's going to be another jobs number. The last two have been incredible.

They have been record-setting numbers, 7.5 million jobs. And we have another number coming up, the third one under -- after this whole catastrophe, and that will be -- that will be coming up, I believe, on Friday.

Right.

Well, that's -- that's -- as you know, that's a very political group, and they want to see if they can get Biden in there. And I don't know if you saw Rasmussen was yesterday, 51 percent. We were at 51 percent.

And maybe, I don't know, almost more importantly, that strongly favor -- this is a number people don't see very often, but 40 percent strongly favor. That means they're really committed. That means they're enthusiastic. We have tremendous, record-setting enthusiasm on our side. And they have record-setting lack of enthusiasm.

They have never had anybody --

-- so unenthusiastic. I mean, it's an amazing thing. It's a very unenthusiastically endorsed candidate. So, we will see what happens. You never know. It's an election. But I think we have more than we have ever had. We went down, as you know, to Texas three days ago. And we had literally tens of thousands of people on the roadways, with the flags and the whole thing.

I mean, they were going wild. And then we went to Florida on Friday. All of the sheriffs of Florida and law enforcement endorse me 100 percent, Texas also, by the way. But, you know, when you think of it, he's against that group. And it's not him. It's -- he's told what to do. He's a puppet for the radical left.

But when you think about it, they're against oil and gas. They're against guns. And I guess they're against God, OK? But they're against religion. They're against the Bible, certainly. I mean, you look at what they say. But, if you're against oil, if you're against the guns, and you're against the Bible, and then you're supposed to win Texas, I don't think that's working out too well.

So, I was with the governor of Texas. He said, "No, you have a very tremendous lead." They say -- they like to say Texas is in play, but how can you be against oil and gas and guns and lots of other things and you're in play? So, these polls are fake. I had it -- I had it -- you know better than anybody.

You have been so incredible. I'll tell you what, number one, you're a talented guy. I wouldn't want to have you as my enemy. That, I can tell you, but you are one hell of a man. And you have been there from the beginning. And we really appreciate it.

It's why I do -- that's why I do things with you, and I don't bother with others. But when you look at -- when you look at the kind of polls we get -- and I had the same thing last time. But the real polls and the internal polls are really fantastic. And when you take into consideration the enthusiasm and also the fact that a lot of people just don't want to get involved.

You saw the one poll. I think it said 62 percent of the people don't want to either get involved or say who they're voting for.

So, how do you do a poll? So, I think you're going to have a big surprise. I think we have actually much more enthusiasm and many more people than we had in 2016. We will take 2016 right now, but I think the enthusiasm level -- I mean, you would know better than I. I think the enthusiasm level is at a number that people haven't seen before, not in a long time.

It's a record gap, Lou.

Right.

It's a record. It's a record. It's a record gap on enthusiasm. And, you know, I feel it when you see thousands, tens of thousands of people on these highways in Texas. And we went to Maine. We had unbelievable crowds. Nobody's ever seen crowds like that in Maine. And we went to other places, I mean, Pennsylvania.

We were in Pennsylvania, Tennessee. No matter where we go, the level of enthusiasm, they meet you at the plane. And, literally, as far as the eye can see, the people are along the roadways. It's a beautiful thing to see. There's tremendous spirit in our country, tremendous spirit.

Well, it's been very badly hurt by what happened, because I really believe they could have stopped it in Wuhan, and I feel strongly about that. And it's certainly been very badly hurt. The farmers will tell you, over the last few days, they ordered a record amount of corn, a record amount of soybeans, numbers that have never been -- literally a record.

I heard it was a record corn order and a record soybean order.

And they're buying. You know, I made a trade deal, and it's a wonderful deal. But, after this happened, I don't feel the same about the deal. We did USMCA, too, with Mexico, Canada. I feel that's been a great deal, because that took the place of the worst -- probably the worst trade deal ever made, NAFTA, which was just a horrible deal, emptied out our factories.

But the USMCA is a great deal. The deal with China was a great deal, but I don't feel the same way as I did. Look, we have been -- we have lost 160,000 people. We're going to lose more. We would have lost millions had I just let it ride, as the expression goes. We could have lost millions at the same time.

Can you imagine, with all of the death, and now you multiply that number times 10, 15 or even 20? It would have been unsustainable and unacceptable. But this was caused by China. And so it certainly has had a negative impact. I have -- I had a really great relationship with President Xi, as good as you can have, I would suggest.

And -- but it just is -- it's been such a horrible, horrible thing, when you see everyone walking around now with masks --

-- and you see all the death, and you see what's happened to this country, but really to the world. I mean, if you look at the world, the world is -- there's some countries who are -- have been just literally devastated. Look at Europe. Look at what happened to Italy and Spain and France and all of these -- all of these countries.

They were just devastated by this. And it could have been stopped. So, it certainly has had an impact. TikTok is one thing that we're doing. And we just -- I don't know. I -- maybe I would have done that anyway. I don't know. It could have been affected by this. You know Huawei. I have stopped Huawei from coming into this country.

I mean, there were some false reports.

I actually called the great Lou Dobbs to tell him, by the way, you have one report wrong. You were sort of indicating that I was allowing it in. I said, no, I wasn't allowing it in. In fact, we're actually taking down equipment where they have Huawei equipment, bought years and years ago, long before my time.

And we're actually taking it down off the top of towers and things all over the country. No, I turn it. And I have gotten many countries not to buy it too, because it's -- we think it's a very big security risk. So, I don't know. Maybe I wouldn't be the same. Maybe I wouldn't feel the same. Maybe I'd sort of close a blind eye.

But you know what? It is what it is. It's been a horrible, horrible thing. And, again, we never did -- we had the greatest year in the history of the world, if you think of it, not just this country

There's never been a country that did better than us last year. And now we're fighting back. And now it looks like it's a V, based on the auto sales, based on -- I mean, based on a lot of different things. I don't know if you saw used car sales. You can't even get a used car now, which is a big indicator, by the way.

But you look at manufacturing numbers. And it'll be interesting to see what happens on Friday. I don't know the answer yet, but we will find out on Friday in jobs, another jobs number. But it looks very certainly like we're going to have a V, a very strong V. I'm dealing with Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer.

And we're trying to get some real good money to take care of people that should be taken care of and helped. The problem is, they're more interested in taking care of, let's say, Democrats who did a very poor job running a state. You know the states I'm talking about. There's a number of them --

-- where they're run by Democrats, some radical left. You look at what's been going on in Portland. And, by the way, "The Wall Street Journal" gave us a great editorial that Trump wins in Portland. I sent a whole group of very, very tough, very talented there people to protect, can you believe it, a courthouse --

-- a major federal courthouse, from being burned to the ground, torn down, decimated. And we saved that very easily, frankly. And we helped them beyond that. We could solve that problem totally very quickly and easily. But we're not doing that as of yet. But it's been a very big victory in Portland. It's been a big victory in Seattle.

We were going to send in the troops. I had mentioned that once to you before. We were all set to send them in. And they did it instead, which is the way it's supposed to be. It's supposed to be done locally. But they knew we were coming the following morning. And it worked out very well. These guys just raised up their hand.

The anarchists and the agitators, they were exhausted, and they just held up their hands and gave up. But we have had -- we have had tremendous success. And I think next year is going to be one of the best years we have ever had, Lou. But, in the meantime, you can never forget the death, and you can never forget all of the --

-- the tremendous amounts of money we have needed to put back into our country to keep it going well, to keep it going the way it should.

Well, I find a company like Concast -- I don't call it com -- it's C-O-M, but I call it C-O-N because there's a whole big con job. They own NBC and MSDNC. And I find that company to be a disgrace and they could make our -- they could heal the wounds, because what's wrong with having strong military, low taxes, great school, great protection, good strong police forces, so you don't get hurt?

Suburbia strong. You know I ended that horrible rule where they were building low income housing in the middle of the suburbs right next to your house and really destroying a lot of families and a lot of -- a lot of -- a lot of the American dream. And I ended it. I totally -- they wanted to changed it. I said no, you got to end it. That's been going on for a long time, got much worse under Obama and would have gotten much worse -- Cory Booker was going to take it over.

So you can imagine how that would have been. That would have been a disaster with him. He was another great presidential candidate that ended up getting out with zero percent of the vote. So you know, it's one of those things, Lou, but it's -- I will tell you this, what I've done is I'm fighting some of these companies -- I'm fighting now big pharma.

And I'm going to do a favored nation's clause, you know, Germany -- and we have countries that get drugs for a tiny fraction of what we pay. We pay for all of the cost, all of the research and development, all of the everything. And you'll have a pill, as an example, that will sell for pennies and we pay dollars.

Our people have to pay big dollars for them. And so what I'm doing is, I've instituted a favored nation's clause, which is tough. That's very tough. That means if -- if let's say -- just use it as a name, let's say Germany or let's U.K. gets their medicines and gets there prescription drugs for a very low price and we're paying a very high price, we now get the same price as the lowest -- as the lowest country anywhere in the world.

You're talking about 50, 60, 70 percent reductions in price and more. And you're talking about -- nobody's ever done that. Plus they have the rebate rule where we get all the rebates. You know, you've always heard in the drug thing, very complex pricing structure, but it's really a rip off. And the rebate now goes toward reducing the price and goes to the people.

And then we also have the right to buy from foreign countries, like Canada as an example, it buys drugs for half the price of we -- so we're going to buy some of the drugs directly from Canada, because we get through all of the red tape, and I've authorized it, they can do it. So Florida, as an example, I think -- I think Ron DeSantis will be the first one to do it. He's going to buy a lot of the drugs -- going to save 40, 50, 60 percent by buying the drug from Canada.

It's ridiculous, but still I don't care. The prices come just way down for the identical drug, same exact drug. So you know, I wouldn't say that big pharma is in love with me. They're taking commercials all over the place trying to, you know, hurt me politically. And I don't care. You know, they don't -- they don't do anything for me. I don't need their money.

A lot of politicians do, to be honest with you. But the favored nations clause will reduce drug prices massively. And just one thing, first time in 51 years last year that drug prices came down. So no other president got them down. But that's peanuts compared to what we're talking about now. Now we're talking about price reductions of 50, 60, 70 percent in prescription drugs.

Nobody ever thought that was possible. Favored nations -- nobody else would have done it, Lou.

A little bit.

Little bit.

The polls are looking good. The internal -- yes, the internal polls have been fantastic and Rasmussen has already turned around, and they were very accurate last time. And we're leading in the Rasmussen poll. And by the way, we built the wall. You know the wall is 275 miles now, Lou. We'll be at 500 miles long, which is what we wanted, by the end of the year.

And I can't imagine the chamber of commerce being against it, but they were. They fought me -- the chamber of commerce fought me. And think about if we didn't have the wall. You know, we're setting record low numbers on the border, and when people come in illegally, we bring them out. We want people to come in legally.

But you would think -- and -- and because of the pandemic, because, as you know, Mexico is very heavily infected -- because of the wall, we're not getting a huge negative impact from Mexico, which is a tremendous thing. So a lot of good things are happening. You think the chamber of commerce would be extremely happy with the job I'm doing, but they're coming from a different side of the plate.

One-hundred percent.

So we caught President Obama and Biden spying on the campaign. Biden was even saying using the Logan Act, which is exactly what they used on Flynn. They used the Logan Act, and they had it down in writing in a White House meeting where President Obama and Vice President Biden were there. Biden suggested the Logan Act, which I understand very well, but General Flynn probably didn't. But they used it on him very, very terribly.

What they've done to him and so many other people, they've destroyed their lives. I caught them, and we caught them spying using the intelligence apparatus of our country to spy on an opponent's, or the opposing party's campaign, both before and after the election. How about after the election? I had already won, and now they wanted to get --

That was the insurance policy, Lou. We're going to get him out in case she loses. We're going to use the insurance policy, a famous quote from Peter Strzok and his lover, Lisa Page. You remember that beauty.

So that was the story. We caught them spying. Now it's up to our attorney general. As you know, I've wanted them to do it. I didn't want to get overly involved -- maybe I should, maybe I shouldn't. But I do hear it's breathtaking what they've found. That's all I can say, breathtaking. And hopefully it'll come out soon.

But it's beyond what anybody ever thought even possible, how bad it is. How bad it is and how corrupt it is. But I'm going to let them do that, I'm not going to do that. It's a horrible thing that took place, and it should never be allowed to happen to another president.

Well, I think you're the -- probably in this country, you're the UFO expert, so I'm going to be totally guided by the great --

-- by the great Lou Dobbs. And I will tell you that I'll do whatever you ask me to do including total transparency. And I got to tell you, there's probably some pretty good transparency needed there. There's no doubt about that.

It's my great honor. You've done a fantastic job.

Thank you, Lou. Thank you very much. Bye.