Thank you, Michael. Thank you. It's good to be with you again.

Well, I actually appreciate that question because we had the all-time, in history, No. 1 increase in jobs number. Millions and millions of jobs coming back. We're opening up the country. It's doing well. We had to close it up, Micheal because if we would have lost, you know, millions more, we would have lost possibly two and a half, 3 million people.

And if we didn't -- if we didn't do what we did. So we did the right thing.

Saving jobs in -- plus you don't want to lose the big companies. I mean, they're making great product. They're selling the product all over, but you know, like the airlines, we had to bail out the airlines -- a rough business, but a very important business for our country. But the job numbers came back and you saw them, uh, announced a week ago, the highest number ever announced and nobody got it. Wall street that 119 analysts, not one analyst predicted it right, which makes me feel good.

So the job --

Well, I -- I feel that it's very interesting. I saw that and I'm honored by that. And I guess Michael Morris said the same thing or Michael Moore made his statements that he wanted. He's going to win again, you know. Well, if I don't win, the country is going to be in big trouble because I -- I see what's going on with the party, whether it's Seattle or the , or the rioting and the looting, all the things.

This country would be in such trouble. I will this, I've never seen spirit, not even last time, not even in 2016, because then they didn't really know. They didn't know exactly, you know, I didn't do it yet politically and now I've done it with the tax cuts to regulation, cuts the rebuilding of the military, space force, all of the things that we've done.

And they said, I've never seen such spirit. We went up to Maine last week. Maine. And I won half of Maine, it's actually two votes, but I won half of Maine. And last time I have never seen the crowds were from the plane to the plant that we opened up. We opened a beautiful plant for swabs and I went and you had to see the crowds.

They were like, it was like the landing of a great hero in -- on Broadway in the old days. It's incredible.

Well, I think you said it better than anybody could say it. Now, we're not going to defund the police. We're going to give more money. We're going to make sure we have good police, you know, policemen and women in there. Because, uh, obviously some of the things that we saw over the last few weeks are not acceptable to you, to me, to anybody.

But you know, the vast, vast majority of these people are extraordinary people and they could do a thousand good acts and one bad one. And the one that is played, you know, 'cause that's the way it is. And that's the way life is actually, I'm not blaming anybody, but the one that's played is the bad act.

And then everybody, sort of, brushes the entire forces as having -- as being that way. And it's not that way. The police, the law enforcement have done an incredible job. You know, we had a record number this year in terms of crime being down or record, we had a phenomenal year in terms of crime. And frankly, if we did the job, if the police were allowed to do their job in a place like, uh, like Chicago, you take a look at what's going on in Chicago.

If they were allowed to do the job, they'd solve that problem very quickly and very easily. But they're prohibited from doing their job. No, but we want to -- I think you said it so beautifully. We want a lot of money for our place. They've got to do their job. They have to be great trait. If there's a bad one in there, you got to get him or her out fast, but they have to be able to do their job.

And they can't be looking over their shoulder, Michael. And that's what you mean.

Right.

Well, we're suing and we're filing another big lawsuit, I think, on Friday. And I think we have a good case. Uh, Newsom announced that he's sending out millions and millions of, of -- of mail-in, what's called, mail-in ballots. And you know where you, you say, who are they sending these -- these to? And maybe who aren't. They let's say you take a Republican district and maybe those ballots don't get sat there.

OK. This is the craziest thing. This is -- this will be a rigged election. If they're allowed to do it, we're like crazy. If you take a look, you know, we've won the last four elections. We won in Wisconsin. We won in North, we won too, you know that. Big one, we won a very big one in California, first time in 22 years, but we're fighting mail-in ballots.

And in those cases, they had a lot of mail-in ballots, which is incredible. But the -- the -- the chance of theft, where they steal them, they hold up mailmen, they take them out of mailboxes, they print them fraudulently. And I'll just tell you this one story, 'cause it happened over the weekend. That person I know very well, a friend of mine.

His son passed away seven years ago, beautiful, great son, and he's a great gentleman. And he said, sir, you're right about mailing ballots. We just received a ballot in the name of my son and he died seven years ago.

And this is going to happen. And that, let's say, was a legitimate mistake, but these mistakes are made by the millions. Go to a voting booth and vote. Unless you're an absentee, in which case they have to go through a whole process --

In order to vote, they have to go --

Very strict process.

The equivalent of going to a voting machine, or maybe even sometimes better.

We have to stop that and we have to stop illegal voting.

I think that's the one -- the biggest risk I have. And the biggest risk, frankly, that the Republican party has is mail-in ballots. It's a very big risk.

No. What we want to do is do something with respect to COVID. 'Cause they did really, a lot of the States did, but we're not doing what they call is bailout. A bailout is where a state like Illinois has been run badly for years and still is badly run. And we're supposed to bail them out for all of those years of abuse and all of those years of bad management.

No, we're not being -- we're not doing that at all. We're doing -- we'll do something for COVID and you know, look, they've lost a substantial amount. We'll do something for COVID. Now, at some point, we're going to get this back to a level. You see what the jobs numbers and all of the things but a lot of positive things happening.

And by the way, very positive also on vaccines therapeutics and cures, we're doing tremendous. I think you're going to see numbers a lot earlier. I think you'll see a -- a -- uh, a conclusion to that a lot sooner than people think, a lot sooner. And I meet with people. I meet with the scientists I meet with the people that are doing this stuff.

They're really doing well. They're really, you know, we're doing testing actually. We've started testing and nobody thought that would happen for a long time. So I think that's -- but even without that, you know, at some point this stuff goes away and it's going away. Our numbers are much lower now. It's going well, we have hotspots that we put out the hotspot.

We'll never close the country. What we did was so right. And then now we're doing properly, but you're going to have also therapeutics and vaccines coming out. And I think they're going to come out much, much sooner rather than later, Michael.

Yup.

Wanting to do that for politics, for political --

Yeah. Well, and he had liked to see that for November because if you can do that until November, the economy won't advance as much as I say it should advance. 'Cause we're really advancing rapidly with jobs and everything else much further along than people would have. You know, I built, I built the greatest economy during my administration in the history of the world.

We got better numbers for African-American, Asian-American, Hispanic-American. And now all of a sudden we had to turn it off. We did the right thing. We saved millions of lives. And now we turn it back on somebody like Cuomo, maybe doing that for political reasons because the comeback would not be as great, but it's going to be a great comeback, regardless.

No. First of all, I thought success. I knew I was going to be successful and no president's ever done what I've done in the first three-and-a-half years. No prayer. Whether you look at all of the taxes, all of the rebuilding of the military, look at where -- what we've done with Choice for the vets, we got Choice approved and accountability approved, but we got Choice approved, where the vets can go see a doctor.

And now we pay for the doctors, opposed to waiting in line for two months. I mean the vet stores, you don't hear about the vets. You know, I just heard the approval rating for the VA is up 40% from what it was in the old days of your friend, Obama.

No. And I have to do that to you.

Well, I've already done a lot of it, you know that. We've taken in billions and billions of dollars in taxes. We never took in 10 cents. I've given billions to the farmers who were hurt because they were targeted by China. Then I've given the difference. They were -- it was 16 billion and it was 12 billion.

And I've given that money over in the form of taxes that we took in from China and the rest went into our treasury, which was many times that amount. So the farmers were -- were very happy with what's happening. And we're doing things that have been very strong. In addition, I made a trade deal with China, which frankly so far they are living up to, which is some people are surprised by that, but they are living up. They're buying a lot of -- lot of stuff.

But the day we got hit with this COVID or whatever you want to call it, a lot of different names. People call it by many different names. Some of them very insulting to China, but the day we got hit with this disease, my whole feeling felt, I -- the ink wasn't even dry on this trade. That was a great deal of $250 billion, they're supposed to put into our country a year.

The day that that came in, I was very happy. And then when I heard that the flu, the virus was coming in. Something coming in, sir, the plague is coming in from China. I felt very much different about the deal that we had made, which was a great deal because we've never had to deal with China, but China was ripping off this country, $530 billion a year, think of it, 530 billion a year ripping us up for years.

I got elected because of, you know, that was one of it. And not only China, everybody else also. And we've renegotiated a lot of those deals, Michael, we've made them from bad deals to great deals, South Korea, as an example, where we had a horrible deal that was supposed to create jobs. And we lost jobs, whether we've renegotiated, those deals.

We out of that, but we made this great deal with China, but I feel differently about it now, since we got hit with their, uh, with their present.

Well, it's an honor that you say that, and you were my friend from the beginning and you were there long before people thought I'd win and right from the escalator ride down. If you remember those conversations and, uh, you really, uh, you really understand what's going on. You have a lot of street smarts, common sense, and just smart.

But I will say this, uh, it's a disgrace what's going on. And when you see Seattle being taken, we're not talking about, you know, a local town. We're talking about a great city --