Well you may have a, a little bit of a wave, but I don't think it's going to be much Rick. I think you're going to have a wave that will start and it will finish very quickly. We understand the disease now, we understand it very well, very, very strongly. And I think you're going to have something. I think it's going to be uh, a small, uh, but you know, we really have come a long way with the therapeutics and with all of the things we understand as, as to 99.9% with youth.

And all of the things we understand, we're protective, very protective of our seniors, and that we have to be. But we've, we've come so far with therapeutics, etc. It's been, it's been actually pretty amazing.

I think there is a chance. I think there's a chance it can happen. Uh, Nancy Pelosi does not want to do it, she thinks it's good for the election. But I think there is a chance it can happen, and if it can uh, I'll, I'll be leading that charge, 'cause I think it should happen.

Well I'd like it to happen, how about this afternoon, maybe I'll delay my trip for two hours, okay? Frankly, if I could do it. But, you know, they, they want to uh... I think everyone wants it, Nancy Pelosi is the one holding it up.

Right.

Well, it's very important to me. I won it last time, and it's very important from the standpoint, Rick, you know the . Uh, a lot of car companies are moving in to Michigan that I brought. For 42 years you didn't have an opening of a plant. And now you have many openings, and you have many extensions.

It's all because of what I've done with Michigan, I mean, it's been amazing. And uh, it's got a tremendous future, the car companies are pouring in, jobs are pouring in, we got stopped by the pandemic, hurt by the pandemic for a period of time. And now, we're, I tell you, we're going to have a V. I mean, we're going to have a super V. Next year is going to be better than last year.

So Michigan's important, I just got a poll, the Trafalgar poll where I'm leading in Michigan, but I'm leading in Florida, I'm leading, if you go up the coast. I mean, I'm leading in Florida, leading in South Carolina, leading in North Carolina, possibly leading in Pennsylvania. We're doing really well. I mean, you'll start seeing this.

But we're doing really well. We're way ahead of where we were four years ago. It's like, not even a contest. But if you look at a lot of the states you're talking about, I even think we have a very good shot at Minnesota, which hasn't been won by a Republican since 1972 I guess. But I think we're, we're going to do very well in Michigan.

Look, if Michigan doesn't vote for me, then you shouldn't ever win a state, because I've done so much for Michigan with the car companies in particular, when you have plants open, you, I mean, you see it yourself, all over the state you have plants opening. So Michigan is very important to me, and I love it, I love the people.

Well thank you very much, I appreciate it. Thanks a lot Rick.