Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you.

Oh, I love Arizona.

Well, it's something special. We won this state, and it was my first -- my first speech as a candidate, as you remember, in the convention center, and it was a tremendous success. So we -- I love this state.

Well, we came and we had 50,000 people, and it held a lot less of that. It was packed, and they had a lot of people outside, just like this -- this is even a bigger crowd today. But, people started saying, well that's a heck of a crowd. And that was actually my first speech as a potential candidate. So, it was something very special.

Oh really? No kidding. I saw the clip on television as I was coming in on Air Force One, and I saw them taking a vet, who was an older guy and a wonderful looking guy, and they were carrying him to the front row, and I saw that happen. I thought it was beautiful. I thought it was really beautiful. Why, is somebody giving that a bad rap?

I can't imagine that one. That would be -- but you never know --

Oh, no. Our supporters. We have tremendous support and tremendous supporters and our supporters get ahead of themselves very well. That's for sure.

Well, I'm confident that they're trying very hard. I mean, I know President Xi -- I get along with him very well. We've just made a great trade deal, which is going to be a lot of business for Arizona and every other place. But, they are trying very, very hard, and I think the numbers are going to get progressively better as we go along.

They're working it -- they built they built a hospital in seven days, and now they're building another one. I think it's going to work out fine. I think when we get into April, in the warmer weather, that has a very negative effect on that and that type of a virus. So let's see what happens, but I think it's going to work out fine.

I think they're working very hard. I spoke to President Xi, and they are really working hard at it.

I don't get that much sleep to start off with, so I don't want to lose too much sleep. But, I try not to. The economy is doing phenomenally well. Our country is doing fantastic. We've rebuilt our military. You look at what's happened with our vets. The vets have been, you know, the vets are in love with what we're doing.

We got Veterans' Choice. We got Veterans' Accountability. We're protecting our Second Amendment. We cut our taxes at the highest level ever done. And the Democrats want to raise taxes, which is something maybe someday they'll explain, because nobody can explain it. But they want to raise taxes. We cut taxes and we cut regulations, and the country is doing great.

Yeah, yeah.

Well, a lot of people don't like that. We're -- we're -- well, we are talking about it, and we're doing things about it. You know that was set up by President Obama as a subsidy for Obamacare, and which a lot of people don't understand, and it turns out to be a disaster. There's a tremendous default rate, and we're going to be doing something on it. The Democrats are talking, but they're never going to be able to do it because they can't get it through Congress, whereas I've gotten everything through Congress, whether it's criminal justice reform -- which everybody said couldn't be done, and many other things.

So we're going to be working on that very hard. It's a big -- it's a big issue, and it's a very tough issue for students, so we're going to do something really good. We will be announcing it in the not too distant future.

We can do another one. It's alright.

Yeah.

Right.

Well, I won Arizona pretty easily last time, and I think that a lot of the people that are coming in are somewhat conservative. It's very interesting. They're coming in from California by the droves. They've been driven out of California by crazy policies. You look at San Francisco. You look at Los Angeles with the terrible homeless problem, and they're not taking care of it. But look at the streets and look what's going on. They're coming to Arizona.

But I think it's a conservative group that's coming to Arizona too. And we're doing fantastically with the Hispanics, as you know, and this is -- you have a lot of Hispanics, and we're doing really great with Hispanics, and we're giving you border protection, which is what you have to have.

This is packed.

I think -- we broke all records tonight, they say, and there's thousands of people outside that can't get in. So look, it's been a great state from day one for me, and we love the people of Arizona.

Well we're watching. We'll see about mini Mike. We're going to see -- I know him, and he's not -- he's not a debater. But it's going to be interesting. Bernie Sanders seems to have a big advantage now. The polls that just came out seem to have him with the biggest advantage for winning the whole thing. But we'll see what happens.

I think last time we did. I think we will. The last time we had a lot of Bernie Sanders supporters. I think if they take it away from him like they did the last time, I really believe you're going to have -- you're gonna have a very riotous time in the Democrat Party, because they really -- they did a lot of numbers on him.

I think she actually won it, but it was very close, and then they had the superdelegates, and they took a lot of things away. They took a lot of liberties. I think if they do that again this time, you can have a really very difficult -- they can have a very difficult time. I hope they have a difficult time anyway, because nobody's done the job that we've done.

Our country is doing great.

I do. I really do.

Well, when you see an arena like this, it's a big arena and it's packed, and you have thousands of people outside trying to get in, we have movie screens up, I don't know, it's a great feeling. To me it's a great feeling.

They're here. Part of my family's here, and they're out there and they're cheering us on.