Well, I am. And it's, uh, we've had a busy -- we've had a busy couple of weeks, Frank. And it's been amazing actually. It's been some great rallies and I've actually had a lot of fun. And your show is great and we -- we have to make this a tradition, right? It's important to keep it going.

I know. I know.

Let's talk about that. We'll talk about that someday, Frank.

Well, the first one I had to convince people I would do it and I could do it. And this one we've done so much. It really was easier. But the one negative was we got hit with COVID, which is not our fault. It was China's fault. And we had that, you know, laying over our head. And but I would say that this was overall easier because we've really accomplished a lot.

We acc -- we accomplished things that nobody thought -- With the tax cuts, the regulation cuts, uh, Space Force. And I mean, that we could -- we could go down a list that's a mile long. And so, we've done a lot and in that way good. Uh, and negative is of course the COVID. You know, it's -- it's sort of a pall over the -- over the country.

And it's, uh, it's a terrible thing that happened with China. Terrible thing. But we've done very well with it, with the ventilators, and now with the vaccines that are coming out. And -- and really the therapeutics or cures. And, uh, like I -- I -- what I had it I used is Regeneron. It was incredible. And, uh, mortality.

You know, the mortality, the 85% number, that's incredible, how -- how it's gone down, you know? The -- it's been incredible.

So, uh, we have -- we've done a good job. But it's -- it's, uh, it's very unfortunate for the whole world because it's a -- Look, what's happening in Europe now with the spike. And very unfortunate for the world, but it's been -- it's been a -- it -- We've had rallies that nobody has ever seen anything like it, Frank.

It's been great.

That's right.

He was great.

What a great guy he is. And, you know, we had, uh, I saw the other night. We had last night in Grand Rapids, we closed it out in Grand Rapids, 'cause being a little superstitious, I figured let's do it the same way. And so, we closed it out and I hear the lines are through the roof today. I hear it's, uh -- Are you hearing that by the way?

Are you hearing  --

Well, that's supposed to be good for us, right? That's supposed to be good for us. So, we'll see how that is. But, uh, but they say the lines are record setting. They've never seen anything like it. And it's like the rallies, I guess, you know? I mean, when they do a poll and they have a 135 people and they charge a half a million dollars, you know, for a ridiculous poll.

The -- the real -- the real poll is the fact that 45,000 people show up to a rally. That's a poll. And they walk away loving it. You know, it's, uh, it's really something. So, I think -- and I hope all your listeners, you have so many listeners, I hope your listeners get out and vote. That's really important.

But, uh, you know, we -- I always say, we will not let this be a socialist nation. We should have learned -- we learned a long time ago it can't be a socialist nation. So, it's one of those things.

I hope they get out and vote.

That's great. I love it.

That's really nice.

That sounds great. I love that because, you know, they have -- they have had -- you know, not that easy a time because of what happened with China. And it has absolutely nothing to do with them. Or the people of China for that matter, you know? But, uh, that's -- that's a great sign .

So, um, my health is really good. You know, I had COVID. And I recovered very quickly, and I think really through the therapies that we developed over the last, you know, we've done a great job with this. But, but I've done a terrible job of public relations because, or, or I have a press that just won't allow it to be, you understand that, you understand that better than anybody, uh, but we've done a great job.

And, and we've done also really good on the therapies. And the vaccines are coming and, and they're coming very shortly, they're, they're coming right down the road. Uh, but they have already therapeutics. I call it cure because frankly I took one that was unbelieved, the next morning I felt like I was, I joke, I said, I feel like I was superman.

And, uh, so we're doing very well with it. And, uh, and I say, we're making the turn with, or without vaccines, we're going to have the vaccines that will make it much faster, but we're making the turn and we understand the disease and all of, and, and it's a, I think we're doing really well on that. Um, I think that we're going to do very well.

I think that we might have a chance. We had 306 last time, it was, it was 223 to 306. And I think we can do even better than that. And, uh, you may be seeing it. But the spirit of people and it's turning out that the, the lines all over the country are so long and they, they're really, you know, Republicans vote.

They, they didn't build up much of a lead, the, the Democrats, they have to build up that big lead with the ballots, you know, build it up really big, and then in theory, if it's big enough, you can't, you can't catch it, well, they didn't build up a very big lead. And I think we're going to have, we have more people, we, we have such energy, I call it the great red wave and that's what we have.

It's a great red wave. So I think we're going to be in good shape in, in places that you would least suspect also. So it's going to be big. I hope to beat last time, you know, we were at 306 and let's see if we can beat it.

Well, I think Minnesota could be, uh, because, you know, that hasn't been won since 1972, that's a long time, right?

And, uh, I think Minnesota could be. I think that's the one Ronald Reagan, he lost one state, right? And I think it was Minnesota, but hasn't been won since 1972. And Minnesota could be a state where it's, you know, between Omar and between, uh, and th -- and the riots and Minneapolis that we put out, we had to come in and put it out.

We did a good job. I think Minnesota could be, you know, that could happen. And, uh, we have a couple of others, but maybe we'll save them. But I think we're going to have, uh, you know, the most important thing is that we have a great evening and I think we have a chance, real, a really good chance of winning.

I hope, I hope we're going to win. I, I think, I think we're going to win actually.

Well, thank you, Frank. And you really have a great show. It's an honor to talk to you and have a good day.