Number one, the Democrats want open borders, OK. Open borders, think of it. Even if you just look at -- if you look at the virus that we're talking about. Take a look at that, open borders. If you go to San Diego where we just built a beautiful new long stretch of wall. If we didn't have that wall, California would be infected like nobody's ever seen before because the stretch just to the left of San Diego right next to the wall is heavily infected in Mexico.

So, if we didn't have it -- they want to have open borders. They want to have sanctuary cities. They want to have no guns. You know, in other words, end the Second Amendment.

And they want to have no energy because they're totally against anything petroleum. They're probably against everything. They're probably against wind, too. You know, it kills birds.

And with us they're not -- and with us, we've gotten very tough. You know, we have over 100 people under arrest --

-- which nobody knows. I said how come nobody knows that? They said, sir, we're law enforcement people. I said they're right. They're not public relations people. But we should let people know we've arrested a lot of people. And based on the Monuments Act which is already in existence, they get 10 years in jail.

Let's see. I mean, let's see. Now, people are just learning about it. But when they hear 10 years, you know, ever since I announced that last week, it's been very modified by comparison. I don't know if you see that but very modified. So, they want to knock out a monument or a statue. They get 10 years in prison.

Wow.

Did he say that?

So, that's a third of our population. That's --

I mean, he said that.

Well, that's too bad.

Can I be honest? It's too bad. It's too bad but, you know, I want to be a nice guy. I think I am a nice guy. I'm proud of being -- I love people.

But my most important job is to run this country great. I built it once, so great. Turn it off. Now, we're doing it again and it's happening so --

It's going to be better than ever. But here's the thing, I've got to do that for -- you know, I -- this is serious business. We can't have somebody -- that's a mistake. That's not a mistake. That's a serious error. When he says, he's running for the U.S. Senate that's a serious error. When he says, I'm going to be Joe Biden which got very little coverage.

It's not like an error, gee, it's a slip-up. That's a serious error. So, when you just told me that I hadn't heard the -- that just happened I guess.

That's a serious error. That's not a permissible type of error because there's something going on and we can't take that. You know, it's wonderful to say, gee, I feel sorry or it's too bad because I do. Except we're talking about the presidency of the United States and it's just not acceptable.

That's right. So this is one of the ones that actually isn't in the contract. It's in another contract.

And what happens is these ships are all happening now under this administration.

Yeah, we'll have it very easily, very easily. We'll be up to that and we'll have 500 miles just a little bit after the end of the year. Way ahead of schedule. And this is despite the fact that the Democrats didn't want to have any wall built because they wanted open borders. Think about it. You take the virus and you have open borders.

We would be in trouble like you've never seen because you know the trouble that Mexico's got.

And the South American countries. Look at Brazil. Look at what's happening there. People could flow in. We have among the lowest number of -- we call them break-ins that we've ever had coming in from the Southern border plus Mexico has 27,000 troops guarding us. Gratis, guarding us, guarding that people don't come in. This is some difference between the way we had it and the way it is now.

We have a strong border. We have strong everything now, Sean.

You ultimately have 10,000. It's starting off at 2,000, goes to 4,000, goes to 6,000. We'll ultimately go to 10,000 jobs.

They're coming back and this is a great state. Wisconsin is a great state and these craftsmen as boat builders are phenomenal. You just saw -- I met one young man. His grandfather, his father, and him, and now his son is going to start working here.

But it was closed. It was ready to close. I think they were down to 40 people, 40 or 50 people who's going to close. And now, it's a vibrant place and great for Wisconsin.

Thank you very much. It's a great honor. Thank you. I appreciate it.