How are you?

Is this mine here? Wow.

That's pretty good.

I'm going up in a minute, so we're going to --

Right.

Well, that's why I'm here. And the people want to do it. We had a lot of protesters that were nasty as -- I think the police did a very good job. But there were a lot of nasty protestors throwing things and screaming. They're disgraceful. They're a disgrace to our country. And you know, that's the game they want to play.

We are, you know, I think we're going to do really well. The campaign's starting. These folks that showed up tonight, they're amazing people.

Right.  -- against COVID, face masks, et cetera, et cetera.

Sure.

Well, there is a risk. But there's also something, a tiny little percentage have a big problem with it. You understand that. And you build up immunity and we have to get our country back. We can't keep doing this. We could stay out for five years. I'm sure that would make China very happy. We could stay out for a long period of time.

But we can't keep doing this, John. We have to get going. We have to get our country back.

Tremendous. Tremendous momentum. We were leading in everything  three months, three-and-a-half months. And nobody blames me for what happened. In fact, we did a great job. I called it very early in January, late January. We called it. We banned people coming in from China because of the infection.

But a lot of momentum's lost. You know, all of the sudden you go from campaign, and we had it going. We were, you know that better than anybody. All of a sudden we're sitting around, we're sitting in the White House for three months without leaving. And it's a tough, it's a tough thing. Because we had momentum.

They had no momentum going. I mean, Biden is still in the basement. He hasn't left the basement.

Well, there is an urgency. We have to do rallies. We have to do -- it's what we do well. Nobody's ever done them like this. And then we, we're greeted with all of these wise guys. And they call them protesters. They're not protestors. They're agitators. And they're anarchists and you know, they wear the black, they think they're hot stuff.

And they're nothing. They're nothing. But you know, you greet them and they're screaming at people and they're throwing things at people, rightfully, they say. Let's go. Let's come back another time.

It's a disgrace. And law enforcement has to get very tough. Because you know what, the country has to get back to work. They've been protesting now -- and these protests are all paid for -- do you see the signs? They're all made, many of them, most of them made in a printing shop. Real protesters don't go to printing shops.

OK? They're paid for. So I think that -- I think that we're going to get it back pretty quickly. But I will tell you, we're fighting -- we're fighting really a movement. And it's not a movement even to votes. We have the votes. We have everything. But what's gone on and what I watch and I see all the time and I've been watching for the last three weeks is a disgrace.

I see them pulling down monuments. So they don't even know who, which monument it is, for the most part. They're pulling them down. They pulled one down to Gandhi, in different places, different countries even. But they pull  of Gandhi. All he wanted was peace, I guess. I don't know. Who knows?

But it's a terrible situation.

Well, I mean you know, I kept hearing about DACA. Well, we actually won, except they want us to refile if we want to win. So we'll refile and it's going to work out for DACA.

Yeah, we're going to refile. Because basically we won.

You know, and I heard the fake news say we didn't; we won on DACA. But --

I will. And I hope we can get directly to the Supreme Court; maybe we can't. But if you read the opinion, we won. But we have to refile. And everything's going to work out for DACA and the young people, who aren't so young, if you want to know the truth. You understand that.

They're like your age.

We will refile.

We're going to refile --  -- and probably pretty soon.

Well, congratulations. You should get a raise. I guess.

Well, we're very tight on --

We're very tight on it. We have plenty of people looking for jobs. It's going rapidly. You know, we set a record last month. In the history of our country. We did a better job than they've ever done and John, the country's coming back; it's coming back very, very fast. But we're going to be announcing something tomorrow or the next day on the visas and I think it's going to make a lot of people very happy and it's common sense, I mean, to be honest with you.

It's common sense.

Well, no preview, other than -- people are going to be happy. We have unemployment. We were at less than 3.5 percent. All of the sudden we had to close the country. By the way, if we didn't do that, we would have had, John, we would have had I would say probably four million deaths, three million deaths, two millions deaths; as opposed to maybe it will end up 150, maybe somewhat more.

That's a horrible number. There's no good number. All over the world, people are dying because of the Chinese plague. All over the world.  No good.

Very little. In some cases you have to have exclusions. You need them for big businesses where they have certain people that have been coming in for a long time. But very little exclusion and they're pretty tight. And we may even go very tight for a period of time.

I really go by a very talented and very good, really very good and very, he's a very kindhearted man and a very fair man, Attorney General Bill Barr. And if he wants to do something, I've done that; I've done that with the investigation of Comey and all of these people. I don't get involved. I just don't get involved.

But the president has to sign a document or I guess give the okay. And he wants to run his operation and that's okay with me.

We spent very little time, we spent very little time talking about it, but I have a lot of respect for Attorney General Barr. He's run a great operation and I think you'll see that even more so over the next, over the coming months.

I mean, not investigating me. And I don't even know about Guiliani being investigated. You're telling me that. I read that over the last day. But I don't know about Rudy Guiliani being investigated. Investigated for what? He was the greatest crime fighter of our generation, of our time. And now he's under investigation.

I did not know that. I know there were two gentlemen that were looked at and I guess he knew them, but you know, a lot people know Rudy's a very honest man. I don't think Rudy's under investigation. But Bill wanted to do something. And I go along with him. We really let them run their department. Bill Barr's done a fantastic job.

And continues to do a fantastic job.

No, I don't think so.

Well, he had a very bad opinion. I mean, this, the judge was fantastic. Now the judge ruled, look, the book is already out. What can I do? And he's right. I mean, the book is out. I would say, I would have said even a week ago, pull it back because you probably had your copy; everybody, he leaked it and he gave it, did a very bad thing.

It's really treasonous, okay, what he did. But the book is out. What he said about the money is that essentially it should come back to us and very importantly, I think most importantly, look about, look at the classified information. He released massive amounts of classified and confidential, but classified information.

That's illegal. And you go to jail for that. And he should have known that. You go to jail for that. I think some of it was classified by him.

Well, I didn't know him.

I like the point of view.

That's right.

Well, what happened is he shouldn't have written a book. Okay? You don't do that. And you don't do a book with classified information and end up going to jail over it. When he talked about the Libya model, went to Face the Nation, he was being interviewed on To Face the Nation, one of your friendly shows, and he talked about the Libyan model on Kim Jong-un, who I have a very good relationship with and had a very good relationship with; once he mentioned that, it was not a good situation.

I said, how stupid can you be? Because you know what happened to Gaddafi. Nobody wants to die the way he died. And here's a guy saying we like the Libyan model. And all I could do is hope that they didn't see it, but they did see it. It was one of the dumbest things I've ever seen on television, frankly.

So he lost me. Then I said to him, another question, I said, so let me ask you, John, you were a big hawk 18, 19, years ago. You were pushing very hard that the administration, previous, goes into Iraq. How do you feel about it now, after spending eight trillion dollars, millions of lives, if you go both sides, the Middle East enflamed; do you think it was good or bad?

He said, I think it was good. I said, this guy's not a smart guy. And those two things, the Libyan model, think of it, think of what that means. The Libyan model and also the going into Iraq was a good thing. Going into Iraq was very bad. The worst decision made in the history of our country was going into the Middle East.

Just so understand. Eight trillion dollars. Thousands and thousands of lives on our side, but millions of lives; I count both sides. So it was a horrible decision, the worst we've ever made. And he still thinks it's good.

And we had other things.

Well, he released classified information. I know a young sailor who gave a lot less classified information and not very, on an old submarine and I guess he went to jail.

And I know other people; I'm not going to say, but I would say he's in big trouble. And if you read the judge's opinion, I thought the judge was outstanding. And by the way, he would have, in my opinion, if you read it, he would have stopped the book if we knew he was going to do the book. He should have said, give it a day.

But all of the sudden he released it. What the judge would have done in my opinion is stop the book; if we were there a month earlier. But he didn't. Now I think John is going to pay all that money back. I hope he makes a lot. He's going to pay all that money back to the United States taxpayer and the judge said that's what should happen.

But wait a minute. Of course, I -- the judge said that's what should happen. The judge essentially said he was guilty. And also, much more importantly, classified information; he should go to jail for that for many, many years. I don't know what's going to happen. And it's up to the Justice Department. But I can tell you, they're not happy.

Thank you very much.

Thank you, John.

Oh, it'll be fun. Thank you. Thank you very much.

Hey, John.

I owed that to you.  You know, we had to cancel it; it was so late.

So long, John.