That's right.

It was in my head. I had the feeling that -- For 40 years, they'd been able to do nothing, and they paid the Palestinians a lot of money. I cut that off almost immediately, because they weren't saying good things. They weren't saying nice things, and we were paying then $750 million a year. I cut it off, and I started dealing with the countries, the big countries like UAE, like Bahrain, who are gonna be at the White House on Tuesday, signing a very important document.

First time in many, many years, and there are many other Middle Eastern countries that have --

I think they will, at the right time, yeah.

It'll be soon.

So, here's what happened. We had many sites, and this governor -- out -- outside sites, and this Governor, what he did is a disgrace, and he's in charge of ballots. He made it impossible for these people to give us the sites. They were exterior sites. You know, last night, we had 29,000 people, and we had people outside by the 10s of thousands, the arena.  But now tonight, it was very interesting.

I said, "How are we doing?" They canceled six different sites, because the Governor wouldn't let it happen. All exterior sites. So a friend of ours let us use this. Outside, you have 30 thousand people. Do you see what's going on outside?

That's 30,000 people trying to get in. This is a much smaller place.

Well, I'm not concerned.

I'm more concerned about how close you are, because --

Because you know why?

I'm on a stage. It's very far away.

And so, I'm not at all concerned.

Yeah, I've spoken to him a little bit.

Well he is. He's a, he's a political hack. Let me just tell you. He's in charge of ballots. There's no way he's gonna be honest about it. It, it's a rig. It's a rig. 100% rigged. I have no doubt about it in my mind. Just like we couldn't get a site in Las Vegas. Even in Reno, we would, and we have -- We ended up with a great site.

We had so many people. 10s of thousands of people last night. You know, tonight we had six different sites, and he was unable to -- He would make it impossible for these people, and his people made it impossible. So we ended up here, at a friend's place, and, but, they only have about 6,000 people at this site.

No, but it shouldn't have happened. It should've been outside.

The governor totally controls it. The governor's the one who made it very difficult, and he controls it, and that's okay. He wants to play that game, we'll play the game. You know what the game is? The game is he's also controlling ballots, and it's a crooked operation. As far as I'm concerned, this is a rigged election.

This is a rigged election, and he's not the only one. You have Pennsylvania. You take a look at what's going on in Pennsylvania. They've got many, many ballot operations over the last number of years. Almost every one of them has turned out to be fraudulent, and they have a small operation. It's not where you're sending out millions and millions of ballots.

I, I want everybody to go and vote, unless you do an absentee ballot.

If you do an absentee ballot, where you send for it and it comes back. But they're sending ballots all over the place. No, I don't think that's good, because it's proven to be people that don't even want a ballot end up getting a ballot. They don't even know what to do with it. And what happens is people take those ballots, and there's great fraud, and that's been proven.

In New York you saw that. It's been proven in New Jersey. It's been proven all over.

Well, it's gonna come back because we have the right seats, and that seats are gonna be coming very soon. There are units already. You look at the, you know, you look at the death toll. Way down. You look at therapeutics. We've done great with Remdesivir, with the plasma, convalescent plaza, plasma, and you look at all of the things that we're doing.

It's incredible, and it's gonna come back. We've done a great job. Ventilators. We've done one of the best jobs anywhere in the world, and we have a big country. And others -- Our testing program is better than anybody else by far. You know, it's been really amazing what we've done.

I think so, yeah. I think COVID will be in the mirror next year.