Hi, Howie. Hi.

Yeah, I'll be up in Portsmouth on Saturday night, so that'll be great. I look forward to it. I hope you're going to be there, but we have a big, big crowd, I understand.

Well, not really. Although people like the re -- Mount Rushmore.

But it's a -- it's rally, and, uh, it's a rally, we have tremendous enthusiasm. And frankly, we almost won New Hampshire. We should have won it last time. We had a couple of intervening circumstances that should have never happened. Like buses being piled up by the -- by the hundreds and even thousands. You know, buses coming up from Massachusetts, and people voting.

I guess they call it same-day voting. You don't have that this year. Your -- thanks to your governor, who's great.

interesting. I never thought of that, Howie. I'll always do what's right, but I never did actually think of it that way. That's very interesting, isn't it? Well, I will say this, we're looking forward to getting the schools open for, you know, especially at the young ages, we want to get the kids back to school.

They want to be back in school. It's very bad for them not to be in school. And one thing we've learned is computer training is fine, but it's not like a campus or a school. That's one thing we've learned for sure. So we'll see how it all works out, but I look forward to being there Saturday. How are you doing, Howie?

Go ahead.

Well, they have to do what they have to do. It's disappointing, but I -- I -- at the same time you realize it's a, you know, it's too bad. I thought Judge -- Justice Alito's wording was brilliant today and correct. And Justice Thomas is -- is just, you know, really great. But Justice Alito said it incredibly well, what he said, and this is harassment.

This is Presidential harassment. This is a -- and I'll tell you, this is a witch hunt, a political witch hunt that's been going on for literally more than four years before I got into office. And they caught President Obama and Biden spying on the campaign. They were spying. And so far nothing's happened to them.

And it's frankly not right. Nothing's happened to them. It's not just Comey and Brennan and everybody else, McCabe, all the beauties, the two lovers, right? Lisa Page and Strzok. It's -- Obama know -- knew all about it. And so did -- think of it, and so did Biden. They were spying on my campaign, probably never happened before, but that -- there is nothing more serious than that.

It's incredible that -- that you could even conceive of. And they used intelligence agencies to spy on my campaign.

Well, I hope so. The New York times is just trying to get him out of the debates because, you know, you just -- you see what it is. And his record is terrible. But he can't -- he can't even talk about his record. He forgets his record. He forgets everything. So we'll see what happens. But, you know, I think it would be a terrible thing for our country if he did that.

Yeah, it's terrible. No, it's terrible. You know, I've given out surplus military equipment to the police. And if you remember, Obama didn't want to do that. He didn't want to do that. And we have hundreds of millions of dollars worth of equipment that will sit in storage for years and years and just get worthless.

And I've given it out to the police, and they -- I'm saving so many police lives, a lot of it is protective equipment, and they don't even want to do that. It's incredible to me. I don't know what's happened to these people. They've gone -- they've gone crazy, frankly. And, you know, it's defund the police and abolish the police.

Defund and abolish is the term. And he just signed an agreement with Bernie Sanders that makes him -- I think it puts him further left than Sanders. And he doesn't know what he's doing. And -- and the whole thing is crazy.

If he  forget it. He wants to shut down anything having to do with petroleum and he wants -- the whole thing is crazy. You wouldn't be able to run anything, would lose all our jobs. You'd have -- you'd have nothing. The country would be -- would go back to prehistoric times. I mean, it is absolutely insane.

Now, I guess he means it, but I don't think he knows what he means. I think he has no idea where he is. And frankly, he's never going to run the country, who -- somebody is going to run and it's going to be a far-left, radical, crazy person. And it's -- it's going to be a disaster. Look, the stock market went down 500 points before, just on the news, it's doing fine.

And then all of a sudden, boom, it goes down. They looked at the decision. You know, the -- the fact that if I am not -- if I'm not elected, you're going to end up with a depression, the likes of which you've never seen, let me put it that way. They want to raise taxes. They want to put on regulations that make it impossible.

They want to get rid of oil. They want to get rid of gas. They want to get rid of all of the -- the things that power the country powerfully because there is no technology that can replace them. And we would be talking about millions, tens of millions. How about if you're Pennsylvania, or if you're where they actually big energy with the fracking.

But how about of you're a Pennsylvania, Texas, North Dakota. I mean, these States, Oklahoma, these States are, you know, they made us number one in the world in energy. Now, all of a sudden, we're number one and -- and we're now number one in the world, and he wants to bring us back to a point where we're going to be reliant on other countries.

We don't want to be there, Howie.

Well, it's a sad thing for New York. I mean, they -- they've failed with Mueller. They failed with everything. And federally, they just shifted papers down to New York. And it's -- or up to New York, depending on your definition of where they're coming from. But it's a -- it's a very sad thing. But it's a very sad thing, what's happening to New York is a very sad thing.

New York, everybody's leaving. You see what's going on. It's -- crime is way up. It's up through the roof. Everything is going wrong with New York. I've never seen anything like it. It's all just collapsing in front of your eyes. And on top of that, they take in -- it's political harassment. It's prosecutorial.

You could say misconduct. You could say whatever. It's -- it's incredible. It's incredible. But remember, it's -- we've been through this now. I've been through this for four years, four and a half years, and now they continue. It just never ends.

Yeah.

Yeah. It's one of those things I have no choice. It's like, do you have a choice? And the other choice is to let the radical left to take over the country. We're not doing that. We passed the law, a very strong law, 10 years in jail if you touch a federal if you do anything bad to a federal statue or -- or, you know, any form of a federal monument and 10 years in jail.

All of a sudden, it stopped. You see it stopped. Now, they're still attacking state and city, but it stopped. And if -- if I weren't here, this whole -- this country will go down so fast. Your taxes will double and triple. Everything will be -- you'll -- you'll be in a depression the likes of which you've never seen.

You saw it today, down 500 points based on something which they thought might've been a lot worse than it is. What it does is it resets, so basically you're back to ground zero.

I think it's a disgrace. I think it's a disgrace what's happened to New York. You have tenants paying a lot of money. They're very unhappy. All the -- all of these tenants that are so unhappy with what's going on in New York, and they paint a big Black Lives Matter. Just remember, that was pigs in a blanket, fry them like bacon.

That's what it was, Black Lives Matter. And all of a sudden, they become mainstream but look at who's running it and look at what they stand for. And it's disgraceful. It's disgraceful. And everybody understands that, most understand that. So now he goes out and he does it because he thinks it's going to make him more popular.

It's not going to make him more popular. I mean, you can't be less -- you can't be less popular.

Right.

That was a Black Lives Matter. They were talking about the police, fry them like bacon. That's what they were talking about.

Well, I think it's fine. I mean, I -- you let him have his voice. I think he probably does support us. I'm sure of it, as a matter of fact. But we'll have to see. I mean, if he had his voice out there, it would be something I wouldn't mind at all.

I -- I don't know. I mean, you know, whoever it is, wherever it may fall, but I think we're going to do really well. This is reminding me like four years ago. We have more enthusiasm than anybody's had in years for our electorate's going to get out there, Howie. We've -- we haven't had enthusiasm like this.

You haven't seen it in four years. Now, I wasn't involved in '18. I wasn't running. So it's a big difference. And I had a lot of supporters, they said, "We're not going to vote unless you're on the ticket." And you know that. But in '16, we had great enthusiasm. We have more enthusiasm today by far because they see what's going on, that Biden -- Biden had -- is lost.

He's a lost soul. He's lost. And you take a look at what's going on, it's -- it's crazy. It's being run by the radical left party. And whether you call them anarchists or agitators or looters, but what's going on is terrible. It's terrible. This country -- if -- if I don't win, you're not only going to have stock market crashes.

I mean, everyone's 401ks are going to be down the tubes, that stocks are going to go, stocks and jobs. I don't view it as a stock where, you know, we're going to set -- we're already setting new records with NASDAQ, you know that, but we're close to setting new stock market records again. And we have set new job records, almost five million last month.

But if we don't win, this whole thing will -- will be a disaster.

Yeah. Well, you have a governor in Maine that won't let people even look at each other. I've never seen anything like what's going on with these -- it's really the blue governors. And they haven't done very well. But, you know, not only haven't they done well, if you look at Maine, I just opened up the lobsters and I just opened up fishing.

I got rid of 5,000 square miles worth of -- that President Obama just took away. He took them away. They closed 5,000 square miles of the best fishing and lobster ocean in the world. And I just opened it up. And now I got rid of the tariffs on China. We're getting rid of the tariffs on Europe, because it made it impossible for the -- our fishermen and lobstermen.

We -- we couldn't -- they couldn't do anything. They couldn't fight it. So I've done more for Maine in the last two weeks than probably anybody's done in 20 years. But Obama put a restriction on lobster -- of going for lobsters, going for fish, going for anything, 5,000 square miles. You know what that is? How much that is?

That's a monument to what?

No, I hope -- I -- I just hope that people in Maine know that I did this because nobody else would have done it. In fact, we had some of the fishermen down and they said, "Sir, nobody else -- nobody else would have done this. Nobody."

He was framed. He was treated horribly. He was treated so badly. He had a foreman or a fore -- a fore-person who was -- should not have been there. How that tra -- trial wasn't redone is incredible. He was treated very badly. Well, if you say he's praying, his prayer may be answered. Let's find out what happens.

He was treated -- I'll tell you what, he's a good person. He's a character, but he's a really good person. And I'll tell you, the way he was treated -- and I go -- I go all over and they have sides, and they don't even know him really, but they know he was taken advantage of just like many others, many others.

And yet, in the meantime, Obama spied on our campaign, Biden spied on our campaign, they got caught, and at least so far, nothing's happened to them. And they were the leaders. They were the leaders. It was -- it was -- Comey was and all of them, but Obama was the lead. Now we find out they were in the rooms together.

They were talking together. Obama spied on our campaign. Biden spied on our campaign. They knew everything that was going on. They were leading it. And so far, nothing's happened. It's rather incredible. But let's see what happens.

Thank you. I will, Howie. Absolutely. Thanks a lot.