Well they are coming back right now and as you know we made a big deal with Saudi Arabia and Russia and saving 10 million barrels a day each and that knocked it out and now you're back to about $41 a barrel and we worked hard on it because it looked really bleak about three months ago when this pandemic started for the oil and gas and now it's looking really good were here really almost celebrating in a sense.

A lot of people are going to be hired back, ultimately they will all be hired back, plus.

I think we're going to have it really very soon. I think we're going to have not only the vaccine but the therapeutic which to me is almost and maybe even more important, and that is being developed right now we have many many companies really great labs doing it and we have a lot of choices we're already in our third set of trials so that's very advanced and great companies like Pfizer, Johnson and Johnson really the best companies so I think we're going to have something very soon before the end of the year but maybe sooner than that.

I would do it, yeah I mean if I take it first they'll say he shouldn't do it first but if I take it last they'll say he shouldn't take it last so but I will take it whenever they want me to but I would certainly take it it's going to be safe and it seems to be, looks like it's going to be very effective

Yeah, well Louie is a friend of mine, he's a great guy. He's a character and he has courage but Louie is going to be fine. So he tested positive today, right? I just heard it a little while ago, but he's a great guy. He's a warrior.

So we're working on that right now Katie, its being working on that very hard I think probably we're going to have something that is going to be very good over the next week or so we want to take care of people that don't have jobs were taking care of a lot of people very important we have to do it smart but we want we very generous.

We're going to see it may go higher than that actually.

I'd like to see it be very high because I love the people I want the people to get it you know the economy is going to come back we just had tremendous job numbers as you know it was just announced we had great retail sales numbers so this is all coming back we had the greatest economy we've ever had and we had to close it up because you know we had to do it we saved millions of lives by doing that but now we're bringing it back and now it's going to come back we gotta take care of the people in the meantime

Well, it's an honor to be here someone said I'm the first one to be here from the White House and that's okay its a great place, a lot of friends.

Your first visit.

Thank you. Enjoy your stay. Thank you.