Well, we're very proud of Michigan. The state has so -- has been so great to me, as you know. We had a big victory in Michigan, and I brought a lot of car companies back, a lot of cars, a lot of companies are coming back. It's had the best year it's ever had, and we're very proud. We have a lot of car companies coming back into Michigan, in addition.

So, we want to be up here and really, celebrate, and that's what we're doing.

Yeah.

Well, when I started, Michigan was in big trouble. Everybody was leaving. The car companies were leaving. Companies were leaving, period. Now they're all coming back into Michigan, and they're coming back strong. I was with Prime Minister Abe recently, and I said you've got to bring some more of the companies back, and they're bringing them back.

And you've never seen anything like what's happening, and that's because of the federal government, that's because of what I'm doing. So, it's been a tremendous thing. Jobs are at a record level. All over the country, they're at a record level. But Michigan is now doing great, and you're getting all these car companies coming back to Michigan.

That's pretty much what I have to say. Nobody can believe it. Also, I fixed the Soo Locks, you know about that? We're even working in the Asian carp. That's your new problem, and we're going to get that solved.

It's been a long time, for a lot of years, but Soo Locks, from 1980, this was a problem. They couldn't get it done, and I got everything financed and it starts work almost immediately.

Well, I think it's not as divided. We have a tremendous group of people. They're so proud of what America has become and how we're doing and how well we're doing. We're the envy of the world. Our economy is the best anywhere in the world. By far you just look at Michigan and what's happened in Michigan, with all the car companies coming back.

So I really don't think -- so I really don't think -- I think it's been divided but it's been really in much worse shape from that standpoint. If you look at when I took over, we had a country that's totally divided. I think it's coming back because of the tremendous success that we've had with the economy and other things.

We've rebuilt the military, the vets are now taken care of. We've got Choice approved. We've got -- I mean, nobody thought we could possibly get Choice approved. We have Veteran's Choice approved. So many things have happened and it's -- it's great and Michigan is really one of the big beneficiaries.

Well, I think it's going to be very hard for them to beat the best job numbers ever in the history of our country. The best African-American -- If you look at the African-American employment and unemployment numbers, they're the best numbers we've ever had. More people are working today than any time in the history of our country.

You look at all of that, Roop, almost 160 million people. When you look at that, it's pretty easy to, I think, win a campaign.

Well, I think they're changing their mind. If you look at the polls, African-American votes are through the roof. We're one of the highest they've ever seen for a Republican and I think I want to get into a level that, frankly, nobody's done so much for people as I've done, the jobs, the employment numbers, opportunity zones, as you know, it's been a fantastic thing, and all of the things that we've done for African-American, Hispanic-American, Asian-American.

We're setting records with every group. So I think we're in good shape.

Because I like you.

Have a good time.

Thank you very much.

Appreciate it.