You're gonna be fair.

Just be fair.

No, I'm not looking for that. I'm looking for fairness, that's all.

No, I'm not.

I want it to be fair. You, you don't ask Biden tough questions.

Huh?

It's terrible. It's terrible.

You know that. Okay. Are you ready?

Because we've done a great job and it's not finished yet. And when I finish this country will be in a position like it hasn't been maybe ever. Uh, the economy is already rolling back. And uh, other people aren't gonna bring it back. Certainly the person that we're dealing with is not gonna bring it back.

They're gonna raise taxes. They're gonna take away your second amendment. They're gonna do things that nobody would even believe. It's radical. There's never been anything like it. You know, we are --

We are positioned like never before. We're gonna have a fantastic year next year.

Um, well, ultimately, let, let me, and I'll tell you, it was happening. We created the greatest economy in the history of our country. And the other side was trying --

It is totally true.

Best unemployment numbers, best employment numbers. 106 million people working. Highest stock market price. You wouldn't say that to Biden, what you just said to me if he had it, if he had it, you would never say that to Biden. We had the best stock market price ever. And we're getting close to that price again.

We had the best, everything was the best. Our companies were doing better than they've ever done before. You cannot even think about talking about that.

You don't have to fact check me. I mean, excuse me. The stock market was at it's highest. The unemployment numbers for African Americans, for Asian Americans, for Hispanic Americans, for everybody were the best. Every number, virtually every number was the best. We had the best economy ever and what was happening is, things were coming together.

No, I'm, I'm gonna say that.

And the other side was starting call, let's get together. There was going to be unity. And then we got hit with the plague and we had to do it again. And we closed it up and I saved millions of lives, millions of lives we saved. And now the economy is growing again at record numbers. 11.4 million people employed in the last short periods of --

The priority now is to get back to normal. Get back to where we were. To have the economy rage and be great with jobs and everybody be happy. And that's where we're going and that's where we're headed.

I would say China, they're an adversary. They're a competitor. They're a foe in many ways, but they're an adversary. Uh, I think what happened was disgraceful. Should never have happened. Should, they should never have allowed this plague to get out of China and go throughout the world. 188 vectors, should never have happened.

What's wrong?

It doesn't look nice blowing in the background?

Let's go.

I don't think so at all, no.

I think we've done a great job with COVID. And we've hired --

Excuse me, 11.4 million people. Why, because the last report was a little bit, just a little bit off. And this is for that?

Okay. You know why cases are up also? Because we do more testing. If we didn't do testing, cases would be way down.

Uh, no, no. What I'm saying to you, Lesley is the following. We do more testing than any country in the world by far. Second is India with 1.5 billion people. We do more testing. If we did half the testing, we'd have half the cases. If we did no testing, like many countries, we would have very few cases.

Because we do such much testing, the fake news media loves to say cases are up. The fact is we've done a very, very good job.

We have done -- That's right, because we're doing so much testing.

Yes, cases are up because we are doing tremendous testing. And we're finding where there's a problem. Testing is a good thing, but it's also very misleading.

That's right. We have turned --

--  corner. We have turned  --

-- corner.

We have turned a corner. We understand the disease. We understand the elderly, and we're taking of them at a level like nobody's ever taken care of the elderly, especially the elderly with diabetes problems, heart problems. We are taking care of them like nobody's ever taken care of 'em. We also understand youth. 99.9% -- As an example, Baron had it.

And it was gone in no time. It was just  he had it. It was gone, hardly even knew he even had it. So, we are taking care of our people. But uh, we've done a great job with the ventilators, with the equipment, with stocking governors that were not stocked. We've made a lot of governors look very good that shouldn't look good.

And that's okay with me.

Yeah.

Oh, I didn't say that. You know, that's so misleading the way -- I say jokingly, "Suburban women, you should love me because I'm giving you security. And I got rid of the worst regulation." See, the way you said that --

-- is why people think of you and everyone else as fake news. I said, kiddingly, "Suburban women, women, you should love me. I got rid of a regulation that would --

-- that would bring low income housing into suburbia that is destroying -- That would destroy suburbia." And I said that in a joking way. The way you have it is like, "Oh -- " Like I'm begging. I'm, I'm kidding. Play it, and I'm kidding. That is such a misleading question, Lesley.

I doubt it. I doubt it. I really doubt it.

I'm saving suburbia. He's gonna destroy suburbia. He's got a regulation, which I terminated, that he would put back, and even worse, that will destroy -- That will bring low income housing projects into suburbia. And women understand that. And they really learned about it over the last two, three weeks.

I terminated the worst regulation you could possibly have. It's gone. And suburban women appreciate it. They want security. They want safety. Look, I've been endorsed by almost every police department, almost every law enforcement group in the country. He's been endorsed by almost nobody. Suburban women want security.

Nuh-uh.

You're not looking at recent polls.

We are rounding  We are rounding

We are rounding the corner.

We're rounding the corner. We're doing well. We're doing well. We understand the disease. I saved millions of people. You know, 2.2. million people were supposed to die. You go back and you look at your models, models, 2.2 million people. We saved tremendous numbers of people. Plus, I closed it very early from China, heavily infected, and even from Europe, heavily infected.

We've done a good job. We've maybe a great job. What we haven't done a good job on is convincing people like you because you really quite impossible to convince. But that's okay. And the economy, now, is coming back. And it's coming back very strongly. And people see that, Lesley.

Lesley, we just picked up 11.4 million jobs. It's the largest number in the history --

-- of our country in a short period of time.

Lesley --

We just picked up 11.4 million jobs it's, in a short period of time. It's the largest number in the history of our country.

What I'm saying is we got hit by something. It's not my faul --Not your fault. We got hit from something that came out of China. I got stuck with it, and let me tell you, before it happened we were doing so good, and now we're going to be doing, and we are, we are doing good. But --

Look at, look at as an example, last week, a few days ago, Gallup did a poll, 56 percent of the people said that they're better off now, during a pandemic, than they were doing Obama and Biden. 56 percent. It was a record number. Right?

No, I don't ignored anything.

Well, what I'm saying is that we got hit with somebody, it's not our fault, we got hit.

And we've done a good job. Not a good job, we've done a great job. Remember that number, a very important number. 56 percent say they're happier now than they were four years ago under Biden and Obama. Right? I'll put his name first. Biden and Obama. And they didn't have the pandemic, although Biden did have a big problem with H1N1, which he says in reverse.

With the H1N1 Swine Flu, and it was a disaster. And his own Chief of Staff said it was a total disaster, they didn't know what they were doing.

Doctor Fauci -- Where did I call -- Where did I call him that name? Wh --

Where did I call him an idiot?

Well, he's been wrong a lot. I like him, but he's been wrong.

Well, Doctor Fauci originally said -- Well, it's a very complex subject.

Well, let me just tell you. You mentioned Doctor -- Doctor Fauci said, "Don't wear masks." Then he said, "Well --

I say that -- I -- I feel masks possibly work, but certainly you want to stay away, a certain distance, socially distance, etcetera. But, I would say a mask works, and I have nothing against masks, and I tell people to wear masks. I don't have a problem.

A lot of people are wearing masks, and they're outside.

Take a look. Yesterday we were in Arizona, record setting rallies, numbers of people like nobody's seen before. Many, many, masks. I watch --

What?

No, these are much bigger than I ever had.

You know, you, you're so negative. These are the biggest rallies we've ever had. You just come in here with that negative attitude. These are the biggest rallies that we've ever had.  We are having numbers like we've never had.

There is more -- Excuse me, no, but you made a statement. There's more enthusiasm right now for us then we ever had before, ever. And you will see that in a short period of time.

A lot of people are wearing masks. I mean, I looked yesterday, a lot of people were, and it's outdoor. They want it outdoor and we're doing it outdoor.

Yeah.

I am. I tell people to wear masks.

Lesley, we handout thousands of masks, and if we --

Well, have you been looking? Yesterday, take a look at, uh, take a look yesterday in Arizona. Everybody behind me had a mask.

Right, right. A lot of people had masks and it was outside.

Okay, but I -- What's your, what's next question, Lesley? We're outside, the rallies are bigger than they've ever been, there's more enthusiasm than we've ever had. There has never been anything like what you're witnessing now, and you'll see that soon.

You commented on the size of the rallies.

You said they're not as big as they used to be, and I'm telling you they're much bigger.

Lesley, we handout masks to everybody that comes to the rally. We tell them to wear their masks.

Oh, I don't know, Lesley. I tell them wear them.

I have no problem, no problem.

Next question? Enjoy it. Go on.

Uh -- I hope you're right. All right.

Right

Yeah.

It will be

It is developed. It is fully developed. It's going to be announced very soon, when we see what happens with Obamacare, which is not good. When we see what happens with Obamacare.

And it will be much less expensive than Obamacare, which is a disaster. And it will take care of people with pre-existing conditions.

No there won't.

We will make a deal. And we will have a great healthcare plan.

With less expensive -- A less expensive and a much better plan.

You have seen it. I've been putting out pieces all over the place. And we actually have plans. And we have 180 million people, right now, have a plan. And you haven't been watching. You haven't been watching.

I'll protect it. We'll be totally protected.

They'll be protected, Lesley.

The people with pre-existing conditions --

-- are going to be protected.

As they are now.

In any plan we do --

-- they will be protected. Lesley, people with pre-existing conditions will be always protected. Always.

Well, we'll have to see what happens. It's got a ways to go, I mean, we'll see what happens. I think it'll end, uh -- I think -- I -- I hope that they end it. It'll be so good if they end it.

Because we will come up with a plan which will be a --

Yeah we will.

We have large sections of it already done. And we've already come up with plans, take a look at your various secretaries, various plans that we've already come up with. And also, you know, a large part of this country has private health insurance.

180 million people. And under that -- Biden, he doesn't have any clue, but under that 180 million people will lose their healthcare. And a load of socialized medicine. And that's not gonna be acceptable.

180 million people, Lesley, will go to socialized medicine. It won't be -- It will not be acceptable.

Then we're gonna have a new, and we're gonna have new, and it's gonna be very good. And it's gonna --

We've come up with many plans, Lesley. And we have -- They're already in existence. If -- I'll tell you what, after this interview I will show you short-term, longer-term -- I'll show you different plans. We've come up with many plans. And we've got the individual mandate act -- You know the individual mandate is done.

That was the worst part of Obamacare. That's the --

Right

Nuh-uh.

It's wrong.

It's wrong. A new plan will happen.

And we will do anything -- Will, and is. We will do anything and no plan unless we have pre-existing conditions covered. And the individual mandate, which you don't want to mention, was terminated. It was terminated. Individual mandate was terminated. That is the biggest thing that's happened, and that actually makes Obamacare not Obamacare.

Because under that, you would pay a fortune for the privilege of not having to pay for bad health insurance. We got it terminated. Terminated, through the legislation. Signed. Done. That means Obamacare is no longer Obamacare. We got rid of the most important element of Obamacare, and it was the worst element of Obamacare that nobody wanted, nobody liked.

So Obamacare essentially was terminated as we know it. Now, we have the carcass of Obamacare.

We've managed it well. Lesley we've managed it well -- know I -- a choice to make, when we -- rid of these individual mandate, nobody believed we could that -- I -- it -- had a choice to make, do I manage -- remainder of whatever's left of this whole thing called Obamacare, which is no good, do I manage it well or manage it badly?

If I manage it well, meh, politically maybe that's -- good.

I decided to manage it well.

No, I don't wanna leave -- I wanna -- what happens. Here's what happens --

We -- be stuck with it if we lose in -- Supreme Court, in which case we're wasting a -- of words. If we win, we will come up with a much -- we will do that, come up with a much better healthcare -- much less money. Always protecting people with pre-existing conditions.

Go ahead -- you're, you're only trying to -- I wish you, I wish -- would interview -- Biden like -- interview -- It would be so good -- know what?

I don't remember. I don't remember -- when I watch -- walk -- of a store, he's in -- midst of a scandal -- family is corrupt, okay? He's corrupt, he's a corrupt politician -- he's walking with an -- cream -- the question -- media asks him, "What kind of -- cream? What flavor -- cream do -- have?" And, he's in -- midst of a scandal.

And, he's taking -- of course he -- Lesley.

Of course he -- See that --

So -- like, you're like, you're like -- Tech, you're protecting -- and everyone -- except -- a -- people.

Lesley -- me ask -- me -- you -- think it's okay -- the Mayor of Moscow's wife to give -- millions -- millions of dollars, three -- a half million dollars, to give -- family from there. Do -- think it's okay -- Hunter Biden to say, to -- that we're giving, we're giving -- big -- 10% of this massive amount of money that they're taking -- Do -- think it's okay -- all of these horrible things that you've seen where they're getting hundreds of thousands -- millions of dollars, where China gives them a billion -- a half dollars to manage -- family.

A billion -- a half dollars -- then he's supposed to negotiate -- me tell you. It's -- biggest scan -- second biggest scandal -- biggest scandal -- when they spied on my campaign. They spied on my campaign, Lesley.

Of course there -- it's -- over -- place.

Lesley, they spied on my campaign -- they -- caught.

You won't -- it on because it's -- for Biden.

Look -- me tell you. Lesley, they spied on my campaign.

It's been totally verified.

It's been, just go down -- get -- papers. They spied on my campaign. They -- caught.

And then they went much further than that -- they -- caught -- you will -- that, Lesley -- you know that -- you just don't want to -- it on -- air.

Okay.

So -- don't -- get back to your interview -- let's go.

I said that jokingly. That is sarcastic. Nobody likes -- it must be my personality. I -- it -- the time. Nobody likes -- it must be my personality. I -- it -- the time, Lesley.

No, I think I wouldn't be here if I didn't have social media because -- media is -- corrupt.  In my opinion -- media is corrupt. But, but --

The media is fake -- frankly, if I didn't have social media -- have no -- of getting -- my voice.

I don't have to discredit you.

You've discredited yourself.

Lesley, you've discredited yourself. When -- say that you're -- gonna cover Biden, you're gonna -- him what flavor -- cream he has, okay.

Instead -- why -- Hunter -- three -- a half million dollars from Moscow? Instead -- why is an energy company paying your -- $183,000 a month or whatever they're paying -- and he -- not experience in energy -- know -- discredit yourself. I don't have to discredit you.

I don't know anything about that. I just know it's a laptop -- they have -- seven --

I don't know about in the general election --

It's a very important issue, to find out whether or not  a man screw up who's running for President? Who's accepted money from China  and from Ukraine, and from Russia?

Yeah, I think that's an important issue.

It's incredible the way you can try and say this, and sit there and look me in the eye, and say --

-- He accepted monies, his family, from Russia, from Ukraine, from China, and from other places.

-- His brother, who didn't have experience became a big builder in Iraq, without experience. Take a look at what's going on, Lesley, and then, you say how that shouldn't be discussed.

It's the biggest scandal out there, Lesley.

I think it's a s -- I think it's one of the biggest scandals I've ever seen. And you don't cover it.

You want to talk about --

You wanna talk about --

-- insignificant things.

Of course it can be verified.  Excuse me, they found the laptop. Lesley, listen --

What can't be verified?

Why do you say that?

Even the family hasn't --

-- The family, on the laptop, he's gone into hiding. For five days, he's gone into hiding.

Well, it's taking him five days to prepare? I doubt it. I do. Okay. All right.

No,  look, it is what it is.

Where are we sitting, ma'am? What are -- Where are we sitting?

Of what?

That's right. And how did I get here? How did I get here? We're in the White House.

No, I'm not name calling. By, you know, doing the right thing. And, we've, we had a great record. I mean, we got hit by a Pandemic, wasn't my fault. But, it wasn't. It was China's fault. But, but, Lesley --

-- We're in the White House. The press is very bias. Very, very bias. And, and I'm not talking about --

No.

No, I'm not discred -- You're discrediting yourselves, Lesley.

Lesley, you're discrediting yourself. When you don't go after Biden, when, with the corruption in the Biden family --

When you don't --

-- When you don't go after, uh, what happened in the Russia Witch Hunt, which turned out to be a total phony, with no collusion. No collusion whatsoever. When you don't do that, you discredit yourself. The press, you know, is highly discredited right now. You do know that? So, you're discrediting yourself.

They were starting to Lesley. When the economy was, prior to the, just prior to the, you know, the, to the plague, they were starting to really like -- We were all starting to like each other. It was coming together. There was going to be a lot of s --

-- unification.

And I'm just telling you.

People were calling me --

-- People were calling me about coming together. And then we got hit by the plague, and now we're rebuilding it again, and starting new.

I do. I think I do unify the country. I think I will unify the country. It's called success. Where our country becomes, again --

I'd like not to, but, you know, perhaps everybody has to take a little responsibility for it. But when people put out phony witch hunts, you know, when they fight in your campaign, you have to fight back. And if you don't fight back, you're not sitting here very long, you go back home.

You go back home to mommy.

I don't think so. I mean, look, I, I -- You know, it's not attack.

It's defense. It's defense --

-- against attacks.

It's defense against attacks.

I don't think so. I mean, I don't view it that way. I'm defending myself, and I'm defending the Institution of The Presidency. Very important, I think.

Hi, Mike. Are you having a good time on that ?

You know, Mike?

-- our great Vice President?

You think she'd ask questions like this of, uh --

-- uh, I don't think so.  You'd think she asks questions like this in general?

Yeah, I think I can. People that love our country. And people that don't want to see the stores get looted and burned down, and people that don't want to see riots, and they don't want to see anarchists. Yeah, I think I can.

These are people that love our country --

And they don't like to see --

They don't like to see policemen get shot and not be able to defend themselves. They don't like to see rioting in the middle of fifth avenue or in the middle of other streets in Portland, or other places. And they like it when their president gets the endorsement of virtually every police group and frankly, almost everybody having to do with law and order.

Positive law and order. But you know what they are? They're people that love our country. More than anything else. And they like to see our country thrive.

I don't encourage them, they say it.

Hilary Clinton deleted, she deleted 33,000 emails after she got a subpoena from the United States government.

No, no that's illegal.

Why somebody doesn't do something about it --

To me it's an issue.

Excuse me, when they say lock her up, it's not me. They say it. It starts. It ends up being --

I don't encourage it.

No, if I mention her name about something, they go crazy.

I don't know anything about  the plot but I can tell you

It was our justice department that is the one that's helping her.

My justice department if you call it that.  It was our justice department that's helping her. And, you know, people aren't so -- they're not liking her so much cause she's got everybody locked down. Now we just won the supreme court where  The only one she doesn't have locked down is her husband, who went sailing and did things that he wasn't supposed to be doing.

I haven't gone after her.

I've helped her.  It was our justice department that's helping her.

Well I do criticize her, yeah.

I think the way she locked down Michigan is a disgrace.  The way she closed churches in Michigan is a disgrace. Yeah, I think it's disgraceful. What she's done. I do.

And by the way that's other -- of course not. That's other, that's other governors also. They happened to be democrats. And they've closed up their states and they're posing a lot of problems with these lock downs. Suicide, drugs, alcohol. A lot of bad things are happening, and they should open up their states.

Carefully, but they should open up their states.

Oh I say --

The governors run their states.

We help them a lot. But the governors run their states.

And the governors have to do what they have to do.

But when they lock down Michigan, she's doing a tremendous disservice.

Same thing with Pennsylvania, same thing with North Carolina

These are democrat governors and they're doing a great disservice.

I'm saying, I'm not against masks at all.

I say sure I am. Wear em. Wear em. But I also say socially distance. I say all things. I -- you know what, well, look, with you, nothing I said would be any good Lesley.

It's okay.

But in the meantime, we're having a record government, because if you look, we're the fastest growing nation in the world after this pandemic. By far. And we sunk less than any other nation relevantly speaking and we're coming back very strong. Very, very strong.

When did I say lock her up? When did I say lock up the governor? I didn't say lock up the governor.

Why would I lock her up? Why would you say "You don't wanna lock up the Governor"? Of course I don't wanna lock her up. Why would I lock her up?

I never said it Lesley. I never said lock up the Governor.

Lesley, that's such a vicious thing you just said. I didn't say lock up the Governor's  I would never say that. Why would I say that because she's doing lock downs

No, I don't wanna lock 'em up. The certainly should be looked at.

No I don't wanna lock him up, but he spited my campaign. Obama and Biden spited my campaign. Do you know what that is? Do you know what they did? Do you know how horrible it is what they did?  Do you know, do you know --

It's been very verified Lesley. You'll find out. But it's been totally verified.

Oh he probably will, because I think he's a very dishonest guy. And he probably will look for something, probably will, you'll see. But you know what, Attorney General Barr has been very honest, that's all I can tell you. He's been very nice. He's been very respectful.

He's been very -- I didn't criticize him, it's just a different personality. They're very lucky. They're very lucky. 'cause the evidence is overwhelming, and Attorney General Barr is a great gentleman. He's a great gentleman. They are very lucky. You know I I can't tell you what's gonna happen, I don't know.

Because I'd purposely like to stay out of it. You know what, i don't like to get inv -- I can if I want, but I don't like to get involved. But I think they've been very very lucky. Attorney General Barr is a gentleman.

Of course you did.

Yes you did. You've brushed a lot of subjects that --

Were inappropriately presented. Right from the beginning. Your first question was this is going to be tough questions. Well -- when you started the int -- your first statement was --

Excuse me, no no no, listen, your first statement to me "This is gonna be tough questions". No. I don't want that. When you set up the interview you didn't say that. You said "Oh let's have a lovely interview." And and here's what I do say, you don't ask Joe Biden -- I saw your interview with Joe, the interview with Joe Biden.

It was a joke. The interview, 16 minutes. I see Joe Biden getting soft ball after soft ball. I've seen all those interviews. He's never been asked a question that's hard.

No, but you started with me, excuse me Lesley you stared with me, your first statement was "Are you ready for tough questions?" That's no way to talk. No way to talk.

Yeah. I think we have enough. Yeah we had enough of the interview.

I think we've had enough of the interview here. Okay that's enough. Let's go. Let's go. Infa -- uh let's go meet for two seconds okay? Thanks. I'll see you. Thanks.