Hello, Sean.

Well first of all, let me start by saying Dr. Siegel, I thought was terrific tonight, and I really appreciate the words. I have a lot of respect for him. He's a real professional. And as far as Schumer is concerned, it was a terrible thing he said. I was amazed by it. And if that were a Republican, you would see really bad things happening.

It's very unequal justice. And it's a disgrace that he was able to say something like that. And he wasn't shielded by the halls of Congress like Schiff was when he lied about my phone call, where he made up a phone call and gave it in Congress. And you immediately say, good, we'll take it to court. But he's got immunity, because he's talking in Congress.

And so he totally made up a -- it was a fake phone call. He just totally made it up, his speech. And it was disgraceful. Well, Schumer did it outside on the streets in front of a rough crowd. So it was a disgrace to the Supreme Court and to the U.S. Senate.

Well, I don't know what impacted last night. I think Elizabeth Warren, who did terribly last night, but she got enough votes that if Bernie Sanders would have had those votes -- and I assume he would have gotten a vast majority, he would have won all of those places -- or certainly most of them. He would have won Texas.

He would have won Minnesota. He would have won Massachusetts. So Elizabeth Warren, really what she did -- and you know, others left -- they dropped out and they supported Joe Biden, and that really helped. Now, Joe didn't work that out, but somebody within that group worked it out. That was smart. But Joe would never be able to do that.

And -- but I will say this, Bernie Sanders, had he -- if he were able to convince Elizabeth Warren to endorse him, or even to just drop out, because she's doing terribly, he would have won a large number of the states that he lost last night.

Well, look, I don't want to be too critical. I just -- you know, I've never seen anything like it to be honest. And I'm sure that the Democrats are saying the same thing. But they'd rather have him than Bernie. And Bernie just doesn't make too many gaffes but Bernie's got his own difficulties. But the way they push him -- you know, look, the media is all on their side.

When I say all -- all, but a little bit including yourselves and some of the folks on FOX, some of the folks around. You have some great people. You have Rush who's doing, I hear really well. I hear he's doing much better. And Mark Levin, and -- you know, I mean we have a lot of support. You'd be amazed. We have a lot of support, the great Lou Dobbs.

So many people we have as supporters outside of just, you know, our Fox News, which, you know, I have my own -- I have my own little difficulties with, if you want to know the truth. They put people on that I think are inappropriate and say very, very false things and people don't challenge them. I think they're trying to be very politically correct, or fair and balanced, right, is the term -- fair and balanced.

But I think they hurt themselves, if you want to know the truth.

Well, I appreciate you saying that. I've heard those numbers. I have not read them in any media. I don't read those numbers because they don't tell us those numbers. But the people get it, Sean. The people are genius. The people are brilliant in so many ways. They get it. But you don't read those numbers.

Those numbers aren't broadcast for the most part. I've never seen them. I've heard them. I had heard that. And I had heard that we broke records all over the place. And never once have I seen it. And I'm pretty good with the media. I see a lot of the media, what's going on. I haven't read it. I haven't seen it.

Well, to show you how crazy it is, it's not a campaign issue for the Democrats. They don't want to bring it up. They were obviously told you can't bring that up. So even people that are against -- if you look at Joe, they're against Joe. They don't want to bring that up. That was off-bounds. I watch certain reporters say that this is totally unsubstantiated, and were sorry to even ask you a question -- Anderson Cooper -- then he asks a question at one of the debates, and it was so mild, and a ridiculous answer is given, because there is no answer to it -- of course it's corrupt.

And so, he gives a really bad answer. And they go into the next question. Nobody says anything, the other people that are running trying to beat him don't bring it up. That wouldn't happen with the Republicans, I can tell you. I'm not saying good, bad, or indifferent, but that certainly wouldn't happen with the Republicans.

And you know, it's incredible. That will be a major issue in the campaign. I will bring that up all the time, because I don't see any way out. I don't see any way -- for them, I don't see how they can answer those questions. And maybe they can. I hope they can. I'd actually prefer it that they can. But I don't believe they'll be able to answer those questions.

That was purely corrupt.

Well, I would say because he didn't think he could make it. He didn't think he had a shot at it. You know, he's dealing with people that I didn't rate the highest on the political scale. I know everybody. And I look at -- even a party. I know people that are Democrats that are far above what you're watching.

I watched one night. And I looked at the cast of characters. I said, this is -- 350 million people. And this is the best we can do? I don't think so. I will tell you, I know some Democrats that would blow all of those Democrats away. But they didn't run. Maybe they just didn't want to run against me. I've heard that.

Maybe it's true and maybe it's not -- makes me feel good. But they didn't want -- they're going to wait -- they're going to wait for another four years. But you have some Democrats that are very impressive. This is not a group that I think was very impressive at all.

True.

Well, I think what we've done is unprecedented. The largest tax cuts in history. Trade deals all over the place. I mean, they're -- they're going to start kicking in fairly soon. Unfortunately, by the time we get to the election, they'll just be partially kicked in. But the deal with China, $250 billion a year.

The deal with Japan -- and it's a partial deal, I'll go back, and we're going to make it much bigger even -- but it's $40 billion a year. The deal with South Korea, the U.S./Mexico deal, the U.S./Canada deal -- the USMCA combined -- one of the biggest trade deals ever made. The deal with China is actually, you know, right in that same category.

It's an incredible thing what we've done. We've rebuilt the military. We've taken care of our vets. We got choice. Nobody thought we were going to get choice. They've been trying to get Choice for over 40 years. That's Veteran's Choice, where the veteran, if they can't see a doctor quickly, they go out to a private doctor, we pay the bill.

And it's a great thing for our country. It's a great thing for our veterans. We got Accountability so that if our veterans are treated badly, if they're treated horribly, we have -- we had in the VA. We had all sorts of problems -- thieves. You couldn't do a thing, you couldn't fire anybody. I got Accountability passed, which was not easy because of Unions, and because of civil service, and you know, all of the reasons that everybody would understand very easily.

And we got that passed. They've been trying to get that for many, many decades. Now, what we've done is very unprecedented. Nobody has done more in three years, the first three years, than we have. Now environmentally, we're -- we have the cleanest air. We have the cleanest water. Our air is as clean or cleaner than it's ever been.

And yet, we're not spending trillions of dollars, giving it to foreign countries under the Paris Accord, where you see what's happening with France, and you see the problems they have because of it. And you know, they're just trying to take our wealth, that whole group. So a lot of things are happening. Our economy is doing fantastically.

We got hit with the coronavirus. And that was out of surprise. I started hearing about it very quietly a couple of months ago from China. And I said, wow, I hope that doesn't happen over here. They got a little bit more, little bit more, little bit bigger. And against the advice of a lot of great professionals, frankly, and they worked for the administration and outside -- I closed the borders to China.

And that's why we have a very small number of people that we have to really worry about. Ad you know, a lot of things have happened that have been very fortunate. But I closed the borders, against the advice of a lot of people. And it turned out to be a very wise decision. Otherwise, we would have had, you know, a lot of people coming in during the course of a number of weeks.

So, I'm --

We're doing great job. We have a great group. Mike Pence is doing a fantastic job. I put him in charge of the group. And we have the greatest doctors in the world. We're also helping other countries. We help a lot of other countries. We would even help Iran, if they wanted. They're hit very hard. But we're helping a lot of other countries.

Right.

Well, I would say everybody said, it's too early, it's too soon, and good people, brilliant people, in many ways, doctors and lawyers and, frankly, a lot of people that work on this stuff almost exclusively. And they said, don't do it. And my theory was that we take a lot of people in. And China was being hit hard at that time, by that time.

We started reading a little bit more about it. It wasn't something that was going to affect us. You don't think of it in terms -- when you first heard it in China, you don't think our country is going to be affected. And I thought it was a wise thing to do. And, again, we stepped tremendous numbers of people coming in from China.

And then we worked on a whole quarantine system, which worked out very well. One of the things we did, the numbers are small, when you're talking around 100 people. But we brought in approximately 40 people from a ship. They're Americans, but they were on a ship. You know all about that. We brought them in. And I knew that, when I bring them in, immediately, our numbers get higher.

Now, again, compared to some countries, we're talking about very small numbers in this -- in our country, very, very small, because of what we did with the borders. But I brought in, actually, approximately 40, a little bit more than that, from outside. Because they're Americans, we had to take care of them.

They were left in sort of abeyance. They were in the middle of nowhere. And I felt we had to do it. And, in one way, I hated to do it statistically. I hated to do it from the standpoint of having people coming in. It's going to be -- is it going to look bad? I wasn't worried about the other people catching it very much, because our people so good, and we had quarantine set up. But we brought in a lot of people.

Now, a lot of those people now are getting better, very much so. And we will be releasing them. And I think we should probably, when we release them -- when people are better, we release them, and we reduce our numbers. So, we have been doing really well. It does have a big impact on older people and people that aren't well, and has very little impact on young people, especially very young people, which is interesting.

Much, much less so than a lot of other infections or viruses. So, we have learned a lot. We're learning a lot right now. But older people, like the nursing home in Washington, the state of Washington, has been very, very heavily affected. The people are much older, and many of them are not very well.

Yes.

Well, I just say that it's, you know, a very, very small number in this country. And we're going to try and keep it that way as much as possible. I will say, though, the H1N1, that was swine flu, commonly referred to as swine flu. And that went from around April of '09 to April of '10, where there were 60 million cases of swine flu.

And over -- actually, it's over 13,000. I think you might have said 17,000. I had heard it was 13,000, but a lot of -- a lot of deaths. And they didn't do anything about it. Interestingly, with the swine flu, children were -- in particular, they were vulnerable, sort of the opposite in that respect. But children were very vulnerable to the swine flu.

But they never did close the borders. I don't think they ever did have the travel ban. And we did. And, again, they lost at least 13,000. It could be as high as 17,000 people.

And we acted much differently. And then I watched Biden try and criticize us, but I'm not sure he knows what he's criticizing, to be honest with you. But I watched him the other day try. Or I watch Schumer. Every time they put a mic at his face, he has no idea the incredible job these people are doing. He will say, oh, they're doing a horrible job, horrible job.

Well, he says that because that's like the auto -- he will say it about anything. If you say, how great is the deal with China, oh, I don't like it, I don't like it. He said, he took away tariffs. Well, I didn't take away the tariffs. They're paying 25 percent of $250 billion. They pay us a tariff of 25 percent on $250 billion.

But he was screaming, he took away the tariffs. You know, he didn't want the tariffs. And then, all of a sudden, when he thinks they were taken away -- but we didn't take them away. Just the opposite. It was rather incredible that we didn't take them away, but that's the way it is. And we're getting along very well with China.

We're dealing with China. President Xi, who I speak with, President Xi is working very, very hard in China. They have a big problem. But their numbers have gotten much better with respect to the coronavirus, very much better.

Yes.

Well, I think we're just doing very well. It's very interesting. You know, for years, you have known me, and I'm sort of saying, keep it within the borders a little bit more. Let's make our own medicines here. And, you know, we have already started that, long before I heard about this, before we knew about the coronavirus.

But I have started it. But I have been a big person for, let's keep it a little bit inside. I'm not a globalist. I like our country to do well. And I'm certainly interested in the globe. We're working with them to help them in a lot of different ways, including the virus that we're talking about right now.

But you know, I have been saying, stay here. Well, now people are actually staying here. And that's OK. Let some time go by. They're staying here. But if they want, they can travel. And they are going to safe countries. I met with the top airline executives, the top people in virtually every major airline today in this country.

And they're very aware of it. And they're ending flights to certain areas, certain areas of Italy, which has been hit hard, not all -- not the whole country, but certain areas, and other places -- and China, very big in terms of China. So, a lot of things are happening. And, frankly, if people want to spend their money in the United States, instead of traveling abroad, I'm very fine with that.

I think that's great. Numbers are coming out very well. The consumer in the United States is unbelievably strong, stronger than ever before, I believe. And that's why we're doing so well, and other countries are not doing well. The European Union is not doing well. The -- as you know, parts of Asia, China is not doing well, beyond the virus, is not doing well.

And we're doing great. So, I think we're going to be in great shape. And this will go, and this will pass, and working on vaccines right now. We're working on therapeutic measures. And we're working on a lot of things. I was with some of the greatest doctors in the world over the last two days. And they're saying what they can do today is -- it's incredible, what they're doing and what they have been able to do. And they're able to do it much faster.

So we're getting some very good ideas. And I think you are going to have things happening pretty quickly.

Right.

That's right.

Well, I think the 3.4 percent is really a false number. Now, this is just my hunch, and -- but based on a lot of conversations with a lot of people that do this, because a lot of people will have this, and it's very mild. They will get better very rapidly. They don't even see a doctor. They don't even call a doctor.

You never hear about those people. So, you can't put them down in the category of the overall population in terms of this corona flu and -- or virus. So you just can't do that. So, if we have thousands or hundreds of thousands of people that get better just by, you know, sitting around and even going to work -- some of them go to work, but they get better.

And then, when you do have a death, like you have had in the state of Washington, like you had one in California -- I believe you had one in New York -- you know, all of a sudden, it seems like three or four percent, which is a very high number, as opposed to -- as opposed to a fraction of one percent. But, again, they don't know about the easy cases, because the easy cases don't go to the hospital.

They don't report to doctors or the hospital in many cases. So I think that that number is very high. I think the number -- personally, I would say the number is way under one percent. Now, with the regular flu, we average from 27,000 to 77,000 deaths a year. Who would think that? I never knew that, until six or eight weeks ago.

I asked that question. I said, how many people die of the flu? You keep hearing about flu shot, flu shot, take your flu shot. But I said, how many people die of the flu? And they said, sir, we lose between 27,000 and, you know, somewhere in the 70s. I think we went as high as 100,000 people died in 1990, if you can believe that.

But a lot of people, regardless, I think it averages about 36,000 people a year. So I said, wow. And that's -- now, that's a percentage that's under one percent very substantially. So, it would be interesting to see what that difference is. But, you know, again, a lot of people don't report, because they get the coronavirus, and they get better relatively quickly.

It's not that severe.

Right.

Well, Sean, the Democrats weaponize the virus against the Trump administration. They weaponize anything we do. And yet, if they did it, they'd be, you know, hailing it. But they do weaponize this. You know, when -- they know what a great job we're doing. They know we have the best in the world. We have -- and we have really shown it. Even when you look at the small numbers that we're talking about within this country, they're very, very small.

I mean, we have a very large country, to put it mildly, and a great country, by the way. And it's getting greater all the time. But they weaponize the virus against us. And they will just say -- even though they have no facts, they will just say, oh, we don't like the job they're doing. You know, it's just off the cuff.

It's like a natural reflex. And it's not good. Especially, it's not good with something like this. They can say it about certain things, but, this one, everybody has to pull together. And not all Democrats have done that, I must say. Lately, I notice that it's gotten really a lot less, I would say 50 percent less.

But the same -- the bad ones, the Schumers and others, they will always say -- no matter how good you do, if you found a cure, and everything disappeared within 24 hours, they would say you did a terrible job, terrible, terrible.

And that's unfortunate for the country. But we live with it. And here I am in the White House. I'm president, and they're not. It's sort of an amazing factor, isn't it?

Well, once he debated, I said, he's going to be in trouble, because it's not his thing. And he's a smart guy. He's a smart guy in a certain way, in a different kind of a way, but not in a political way. He's got a very bad political instinct. He's surrounded by people that I know, in some cases, I know pretty well.

They're losers. He's really surrounded by losers. But they have become winners, because they ripped him off for a lot of money. They really took him to the cleaners. But some of these guys are really third-rate people. And they wanted him to keep going. And the longer he goes, the more money they make. That's why they did it, because they knew that it's not for him.

And I will tell you, I thought the strategy was incredible, when the DNC wouldn't let him in the debates. He should have kept it that way. If he would have kept it that way, he would have done -- I don't think he could have won, but he would have done much better. He did really badly. But he would have done much better.

And then, today, as you notice, he said, oh, I'm going to support -- I'm going to support Joe Biden. And that's OK. I mean, that's fine. I don't know how you can do it. I mean, how can you -- how does campaign finance laws, how do they let you do that? But he wants to -- he couldn't get out fast enough. I guarantee he was on that debate when a very mean -- she is a very mean person.

You could ask Bernie Sanders, because what she's done to him is terrible. But when Elizabeth Warren went after him, he was saying, get me off this stage. Get me off here fast. He got beat up very badly by Elizabeth Warren. It was not a pretty sight to watch. And that was the end of him. I mean, it's incredible.

It was so bad, that was the end of him. It ended right there. And he was unable to recover from the debate performance, especially the first one.

I think so. I just don't know how he gets there. I don't know how he gets across the line. Maybe he will. Maybe it's -- who knows. He was always very gaffe-prone. He was always -- he was always in trouble in that way, but never like this. This is going -- what's going on now is crazy. But I think they will do anything to assume power.

And if they think he can do better than Bernie -- and I guess they have less control over Bernie -- Bernie is more for himself. But I was surprised, when Bernie got beaten up last time, that he went out and endorsed Hillary and went around and did like a good puppy, like he's supposed to do. I was a little surprised at that.

And, even this time, he was saying about how wonderful -- Joe Biden's a wonderful guy, wonderful man. And I'm a little bit surprised by -- it's almost like he's -- I don't know if he's admitting defeat. He might be. But I watched him yesterday saying -- or just a little while ago saying very good things about sleepy Joe Biden.

And I was a little bit surprised.

Right.

Right.

Well, it should translate. But I think one of the reasons is criminal justice reform. I did it. Nobody else could have done it. We got some great Republican senators that maybe weren't so inclined. And I explained it to them. And they were really great, really great. I saw Alice Johnson today. She was in jail for 22 years.

And she had another 20 to go. And it was a crime that -- she admitted she did a mistake, but she was in there for -- it was like a life sentence for something that somebody else would have been given six months to a year for or a very small number. She's a great woman. And she -- I said, do you have other people just like you, Alice, just like you?

Are they -- she said, oh, yes, there are other people. And I actually let three out. They all came to the office today. It was great to see them, three great people. But I think that criminal justice reform, we got that. I got that. The Democrats didn't get it. I got it. They will probably at some point try and take credit.

But they couldn't do it. And, again, this was a Biden/Obama law that was -- this was -- and, obviously, it was -- it was really a Hillary -- this was a Bill Clinton and a Hillary. And it was -- I guess Biden was a senator then and pushing it hard. Obama was -- somebody said he was talking about it, but he had to be pretty young, if that were the case.

But this was a horrible thing. And so criminal justice reform is one. Opportunity Zones, that's the great Tim Scott. He's a great guy. He's a senator, and a great senator, from South Carolina. And he came to my office, talked about Opportunity Zones. And massive amounts of money is being poured into areas that haven't seen money in decades, and jobs.

And people are really doing well. And the African-American population is doing phenomenally well. The Hispanic population is doing incredibly well. Opportunity Zones is another thing. And the unemployment rate. We have the lowest black unemployment rate. If you look, the black community right now has the lowest unemployment rate in the history of our country, Hispanic American unemployment rate the lowest in the history of our country, Asian the lowest in the history of our country, women the lowest in 71 years.

And, you know, so many things are happening. And it is true. I mean, we're having rallies now with black young leaders that are unbelievable people. And they will come to the White House. They will have 600, 700 people. They will have rallies outside in different cities for Trump, because it's the first time they have really been helped.

Nobody has -- the Democrats, they cater to them a month before an election, and then they leave, and they don't do a damn thing for them. And we have worked hard. So, between, I think, criminal justice reform and the Opportunity Zones, it's incredible. What Tim Scott did with Opportunity Zones is really incredible, and how well it's worked.

So, there are -- but the end result is the lowest unemployment rate. And I think people see that. I think they see it strongly, Sean.

By the way, if I might, the historically black colleges, I got to know a lot of the deans and the top people. And they would come -- now I'm here more than three years. They would come every year trying to get money. And after two, three years, I said, why do you guys have to come back every year? And they said, well, nobody's ever given -- we always have to come back.

And one of them said, we feel like beggars coming into the White House begging for money. And I said, we shouldn't have to do that. You shouldn't have to do that. And I got them long-term financing for the historically black colleges and universities. And they're great people. I got to know them very well.

And they serve such an incredible -- such an incredible group of people, and such an incredible and important function. And it's a very large -- you're talking about millions of people are educated and taken care of. And it's really something good. But they don't have to do that. They don't have to come back.

In fact, I said to them, I will miss you people not coming up to see me. I will miss you guys. I will miss you gals not coming up to see me every year. But they -- I don't think they could be any more thankful. They don't have to bother now. They don't have to do that.

Well, they weaponized FISA, and they used it horribly. And Comey is a very bad guy. And you have other very bad people at the top. The FBI -- the people in the FBI are incredible. I will bet, if they did a study, if you took a vote, I'd have a vast, vast, vast majority. They're incredible people. But the top people, the people that headed it, between Comey and McCabe and Strzok and his lover, Lisa Page, and the whole group, it was a bad group.

That's my opinion, and it's a very strong opinion. We will see how bad it was.

But it was a terrible thing. And a lot of very innocent people were hurt.

And, you know, it's interesting, Sean, just for a second, if you look, two years of investigation, and the end result is no collusion.

Well, it has. But they knew it was wrong. And they knew they were wrong. And the whole thing, that's why I call it the fake news, for that and many other reasons. But it is fake news. So much of it is fake, and knowingly fake. And they knew that was wrong. They knew the first day. It should have never happened.

But I went through it. I did it. And you think of it. After millions -- they spend millions and millions of dollars, and, at the end -- they had unlimited resources -- no collusion. Somebody said, you're the cleanest person in the country. But it was a disgrace. And a lot of people were hurt, and hurt badly.

Let's see what happens. Let's see what happens going forward.

That's right.

Thank you very much, Sean. Thank you.