The answer is yes, we're working on it right now with Congress. The economy is going up at rapid levels. You probably seen it. It's all over the place and it's really been amazing job numbers and we are working on another stimulus package, and that'll take place I think very soon.

Well, it's going to be numbers that will be significant. I think I want more than other people's -- people want to do. But it'll be significant numbers great for the people of our country.

Well, we want to see the schools open in the fall and we think we'll win in a position to do that. But I think it's very important that schools have to open. Even from a pare -- parental standpoint, they have the kids at home, and now, they have -- do they have daycare? What do they do? The parents don't know what to do and they have a job, and now, they're all starting to go back to work.

So we want to see the schools open. It's a disease that has very little impact on young people. And we think we're going to be in a very good position. Plus, we -- we're coming up with great therapeutics and we're coming up with a vaccine. A vaccine, I think it's going to be announced very soon.

It may be, we're going to see. Well, we have a long time to think about the school stuff because you know -- but we want to have the schools open and we want to have the whole -- the whole country is going to be open very soon and that's why you're seeing a lot of -- a tremendous amount of improvement. And frankly, I would say that when we talk about the fall that seems like a long time.

It's a long time.

If it didn't include what we think we need for the economy and for jobs, I would absolutely veto it, yes.

Yeah.

Well, that's going to be up to them. But when you say the Black national anthem, I know we're playing the national anthem and I think people should stand proudly for the national anthem.

My stance is very simple. It's freedom of speech. You do what you do. It's freedom of speech. Yeah. NASCAR can do whatever they want and they've chosen to go a certain way. Other people choose to go a different route, but it's freedom of speech.

Well, I don't think they were critical. I was just talking about the fact that NASCAR chose to go a certain way and that's going to be up to them. That is up to them. I'm very friendly with NASCAR. I know the people there. I know drivers. I know a lot of them, but I view it as freedom of speech.