It can be years and years, and you're getting nothing done. And you can't because of the bureaucratic morass. And now, what we're doing is cutting it back. It could be from 20, 21 years to two years, and actually one year, I think, ultimately, we'll have. And that may mean you get rejected, but it's going to be a quick rejection.

But mostly, it will be accepted, highways and roadways, and dams, bridges, everything. Any federal project would take many, many decades in many cases to get approved. And we're going to bring it down to about one year. It's already down to two. So, it's a big difference.

Well, we're working with your Governor, Brian. We're working with him very much and we're going to be helping Georgia a lot as we have been. It's a special place, great people. And they've done really well, really well with the virus and with every other thing. They've really done an incredible job. So, we're working closely with them on the virus and funding and that'll be forthcoming.

I see.

Well, I think for Georgia has been great because, you know, you've kept it down and you've reopened. And you're just, you know, you're getting close to having 100% open and you've really kept the virus to level down, which is an incredible tribute to a lot of good, talented people. In other cases, they thought they had it down and they've had flare-ups, and that'll work out, too.

But we won't be ever doing a shutdown. But -- and we do want to get our schools open. You know, it has virtually no impact on children. They're just stronger than we are that's all. Their immune system or whatever it may be. But we want the schools open. The mothers and the fathers and the kids, they want the school open. You know, there's danger in not opening, too. You understand that. We've been seeing these reports in their horror shows. When you stay at home and you can't get out, you can't do what you want to do, and that causes a lot of problems. It even causes death, frankly. So, we want the schools open and Georgia's been a great example of a State that started all right.

Well, they want centralized in terms of information. They want to be able to talk about it. They want to be able to give wise information to other parts of the country. But I think it's a combination. It is central, but in a place like Georgia where they've done it so well, they also learn a lot and they tell themselves what they're learning.

You know, in a lot of ways it's great detail, but in other ways, it's common sense. So, Georgia's learned a lot about the disease through itself and they're also getting information from CDC. It's been a good effort together.

Thank you very much. Great honor.

Thank you very much.

Thank you. We'll be back.