Hi, how are you?

Nice to see you. You look great.

Good

It's my honor.

Let's go. You ready Chris? Okay. Why is it important to be in Charlotte the night before Super Tuesday?

Well I've been down here a lot. It's been a lucky state for me. It's been a great state, and a lot of friends, and we have a tremendous rally. We had 56,000 people asked to come, and I guess we have whatever it holds, 15,000. It's gonna be a great evening.

Sure.

Well, I think we're doing a really good job. We're getting very high marks on it. We're getting high poll numbers, believe it or not, for the way we've been handling it. Today, I met with a big pharmaceutical companies back in D.C., and they're really looking to do something. Pfizer, and Johnson and Johnson, and all, and they have a, sort of a thing that's going to work miracles.

I think you're going to see some really tremendous things happening, plus we shut down our borders very early to China and to various other places, and we're doing really well. I think we're going to see a very good result out of it. It's rough, it's always rough, but you're going to see a very good result.

We've handled it well.

Yes.

Well, the companies are the best in the world, and they're working on it, and they think they're pretty close to having it. They have to test it, and by the time you've tested it, it's next season, and maybe a little bit beyond next season, but it'll be soon. But they have other things that they can help -- I guess I'd use the word cure it, fix it, help people out so they get -- if they have it, they get better, and they're looking to do that, and I think they're going to be able to do it. Great companies.

We spent a lot of time with them today. So -- but the vaccine will come shortly thereafter.

Yeah.

Well, you don't know what it is. I mean the -- the country is so strong financially. The people have never had more money because of our tax cuts and our regulation cuts, and all of the things we've done. The consumer is loaded up with a lot of -- a lot of money. $10,000 per family per year, if you add it all up, and nobody ever thought they could see a thing like that.

A lot of that had to do with the tax cuts, the regulation cuts, and various other things we've done. So, we're in very good shape. I guess today was almost 1,300 points, it was the largest point gain in history, I believe. So that was a good -- a lot of that back in one day. So that was great. The greatest in history.

It's great.

Probably not so much. I like to wash my hands as much as possible, and I just shook hands with a whole lot of people back there, or -- they were lined up for a long way, but, you know, I love the people. People are -- they're special. There's such spirit, there's such spirit for what we're doing, and for, you know, what we've done, and that's why we have the kind of crowds now.

Now, wash my hands as often as possible. That's what they say. If you'd like to tell -- wash those hands, and they do that, probably, anyway.

Yeah.

Right

Well, you know, we now have millions of masks. We had, as of yesterday, 43 million masks. That's a lot. But a lot of people, and they say, you shouldn't wear them unless you're really a hospital worker or really, it's actually a negative to wear them, almost, because you're touching them all the time. So, they actually say, don't do it. It's actually counterproductive.

So -- but we have a tremendous amount of medical equipment now, including masks.

Yeah.

Yeah.

No, I don't think they're doing that. But I do think they are getting together -- they're colluding, more or less, to get, you know, to take advantage of the Bernie situation. If you look at what happened, I guess two of them got out, one last night, one today, and they both supported Biden, and it looks like they're ganging up on Bernie Sanders, and we'll see what happens.

But, yeah, they all tried it with me, but it didn't work out so well.

Right.

I think local media has been great to me. I mean, it's been so fair -- like you, as an example, professional and fair, and it doesn't have to be good, as long as it's, like, down the middle and, you know, reasonable. But local media has been terrific, and national media has been fake. You know, I say it. CNN is a fake.

You look at MS -- I call it MSDNC, but it's, you know, you look at that whole group of people. It's -- where are you? Who are you with? Which your network are you?

Well, that's good.

They've been very fair. Oh good. I feel much better now. I don't have to --

-- berate your network, right? No, but you look at NBC, and you look at some of the others, but CNN in particular. They've just, you know, very unfair. But people see that. Fortunately, people see it. Local media though has been the opposite. And that's why I love doing your show, and love doing local. They've been much -- they treat us really well.

No, just that you're very professional and that's very nice. Appreciate it. Thank you.

Thank you very much. Are you going to go out and watch for a little while?

Thank you. Thank you very much.

He's going to make us look very handsome and beautiful, right.

Thank you. Thank you Chris. Take care of yourself.