I am Vicki, thank you. You were talking about his massive rallies and crowds. You sound like --

You sound like, uh, you sound like me.

That's funny.

It's my honor.

Thank you, Vicki.

Yeah.

Thank you, Vicki.

Wow. Tell your friend thank you and -- And thank you, you've been terrific. So, uh, I -- I think you started off a little negative, and that's okay, as some people did. But you've been so great and I appreciate it, Vicki --

-- that's why I'm talking to you on a, on a day just before, you know, I think we're going to have very, very big numbers tonight from all information. This is no longer polls, this is from the fact that they're seeing lines that are stretching two and three miles long to vote. Nobody's ever seen anything like it.

And, uh, and, and by the way, there's a lot of red on those lines is what I'm telling you. You know your --

-- your lines and areas, so it's interesting.

Could you believe it? Right? Wasn't that a beautiful sight? What a group, what a group. What an evening. But can I be honest? We have so many massive, every one of them, I did, I don't know, maybe 16 or 18 and every crowd is, you know -- Number one is that they are enthusiastic, but they're, they come from all over and they are big, they are big.

I don't think there's ever been anything like this, it's a beautiful thing to watch.

Yes. Okay.

Well, Vicki, I mean obviously it's our military and it's our strength and it's our supreme court stuff and, you know, all of that. I've always heard supreme court, supreme court and we've got three and 300 federal judges by the time we end, you know, approximately. But if you look, it's crime, it's law and order.

You know, when you look at what I did there this summer, I came in and we took care of, we took care of Wisconsin. We, we did something that a lot of people wouldn't have done and we came in strong. So it's law and order, uh, police, very important. Uh, you know your, uh, shipyard, which was, uh, Marinette, which was going out of business and we, we gave, uh, a big contract to that particular yard.

Caused me a lot of problems with a lot of other people, but we gave a big contract. And what we're doing is trade, it's manufacturing, it's every aspect. Wisconsin had the best year that they've ever had last year and they're going to have a phenomenal year next year. We got hit with the plague from China, and which was a terrible thing that they did, a terri -- They could have s -- They s -- They stopped it from coming into China, but it went out to the rest of the world and we're never going to forget it.

And we signed the great trade deal. But, you know, the ink wasn't dry before we got hit. But I will say this, uh, the relationship with the Wisconsin's been very good. Also, your farmers, your dairy, uh, you know, it's, Wisconsin is one of the primary reasons that I did the, the trade deal, the USMCA. Uh, the other reason was that NAFTA was one of the worst deals ever made.

Okay? That was the easy one. But, uh, your dairy products now and all of the farm products, the ta -- the, the tariffs to Canada. And Mexico, but the tariffs to Canada are now reduced and gotten rid of. Because you were being taken care of, you were being treated horribly, absolutely horribly by Canada.

And it was Wisconsin that taught me that. I went up there and they taught me that they, they, I met a group of farmers, and stronger than anybody else, they told me the abuse that, frankly, Canada was raining down on Wisconsin. So, we've done a lot and we're going to do a lot. A lot of manufacturing planned, a lot of military work is planned for Wisconsin.

Yeah.

. By the way, before I finish off in your first question, which I love that question, cause that's probably why I got to be president in the first place, I saw that trade and the ripoff and everything else. But you know, China was treating our farmers very badly. And they were targeting our farmers thinking that I was going to fold and make a deal where I give them yet more of the United States, like they weren't ripping us off enough.

So they targeted our farmers, and I was able to get 12 billion and then 16 billion, two years. $28 million for our farmers distributed the money to our farmers, it all came out of China. In other words, I taxed China. And by the way, they paid for that, we didn't pay for it. But I taxed China. And as you know, we gave $28 billion to our farmers for two years of targeting.

And now China has made the biggest order. But you know, frankly, I don't even talk about that anymore. Because what they did to us with the, with the China plague is just outrageous, it's outrageous.

That's true.

$28 billion, all that money, you know, in terms of what we've done all of that money, and no other president would have done, no other president would have thought of it. What would happen is that would always threaten the farmers. And then the Presidents would fold. They threatened our farmers, I said, that's okay, we're going to tax your cars, we're going to tax everything that you're selling in here.

And we took the money and we gave it, and we had by the way, over $100 million left over which we put into the Treasury.

You don't hear that too often.

Right.

No.

Good. That's right. That's what I like. And if you look at Florida, so the big thing the big story seems to be I mean, we'll see. But we're leading, it looks like a lot like it's a landslide in Florida and a lot of other places, by the way. And look at Texas, all these places where you've been hearing, and I've been hearing Vicki that Texas is close, it's close, well, it's not close.

But if you look at Florida, and look at some of the other states, they can't believe the Black community support that we have. And of course, I got criminal justice reform, prison reform, opportunity zones, as you know, with Tim Scott from great guy, South Carolina. And we get also, I get funding for the historically black colleges and universities.

So I've done a lot, but they can't believe the tremendous support we've gotten from the Black community and from the Hispanic American community, they can't believe it. And that's happening right now. I mean, literally, as we speak, I was just watching some of the newscasts. I love coming to watch this stuff on occasion.

And they're talking about the tremendous support, the numbers that we're getting from the Black community and the Hispanic community. It's been amazing.

It's true.

No.

They liked the wall the best, because they understand who's coming in. And they don't want to have criminals and murderers and everything else. No, and I built a wall and the wall will be finished very shortly, and Mexico will be paying for the wall and they're paying for the wall, you know, that was. First they said, never build it, and you'll never be able to build it.

And the democrats were violently against it. And I got it done. It'll be finished very shortly, built to the highest standards of what was asked for by the Border Patrol people who know what they're doing. And we've built a 411 miles as of today, and we're building 10 miles, 10 miles a lot, 10 miles a week, and we'll be finished very shortly, totally completed.

And our southern border is so sick, it's never been this secure as you've heard.

Yeah, true. That's true.

No, we have, Vicki, we actually have 27,000 Mexican soldiers standing on our border right now guarding us. Can you believe it? Guarding us from people coming in from Mexico? And I said, look here, you have to do that otherwise, I'm going to have to tear up the cars coming in from Mexico. And because we, you know, our laws are so terrible in so many ways.

Our people aren't even allowed to essentially guard you know, we -- If you talk to somebody incorrectly, they want to arrest a soldier. You understand what I'm saying.

So Mexico has done a fantastic job 27,000 soldiers, and once we have the wall, we don't need the soldiers anymore. Pretty amazing.

Right.

Well, it's, uh, like you mentioned. The Kosovo and Serbia, you know, it's -- Uh, Kosovo, Serbia, two nice places but they've been killing each other for many many decades, right? And we're making trade deals with each. Not the biggest thing for us, but for them it was very important. And I heard about it, I called up, I said, "Fellas, tell them we're not making any deals unless they create peace and they stop killing each other." Now I know -- I don't -- I've never been there but I've heard the story, and you have for years, and all of a sudden they ended up making peace.

And they came to the White House and they start hugging each other, they signed a peace deal, and then we signed. It cost me absolutely nothing, and now they're happy, and they have two trade deals. But to me, more important than the trade deals is the fact that these two countries aren't going to be killing each other any more.

And, you know, a lot of presidents wouldn't think about that. You understand, Vicki.

Yeah.

Yeah.

Well, we have countries now lined up. As you know, we signed three, and we have countries lined up. Literally, we have five or six others that we'll be signing soon. And, I mean, on the assumption we get it done, 'cause I don't think sleepy Joe would get anything done, frankly. I don't think anything would happen.

But I don't see that happening. I think we're going to have a very big night tonight. I think we're going to have a great night tonight.

Based on, you know, based on numbers. Based on lines. It's not based on polls, it's based on lines of people that want to vote.

Thank you Vicki. You have a great show --

-- and I really appre-- And don't feel badly about the beginning, okay? At the beginning?

A lot of people, but you're great, Vicki.

Thank you very much.