Well, I love football but I love these two teams. And they're special. And they've been to the White House. And we've given them awards because you know, it's always the Commander-in-Chief Award. One of them's going to get it.

And I've had a lot of fun and the coaches are terrific people.

Yeah.

Entirely rebuilt military like never before, new missiles and rockets and tanks and ships and planes. And we have the F-35s coming in by the hundreds as you know. When I took over, we had a depleted military. We had no ammunition. I'll never forget a very overrated general coming to see me and saying, Sir, we have no ammunition, I'm sorry.

This is my first two days in office.

And I say no president should ever have to hear that and no president should ever be spied on either, you know there so we set a lot of records. But we have it totally rebuilt and our nuclear is now tippy-top and just hope to God you never have to use it.

No, it's not over. We keep going. And we're going to continue to go forward. We have numerous local cases where you know, in some of the states that got rigged and robbed from us. But we won every one of them. We won Pennsylvania. We won Michigan. We won Georgia by a lot. We have a governor, Republican governor that's worse than a Democrat, he's terrible and he's hurting Kelly and David very badly, the Senators that are terrific people.

But -- and Wisconsin as you know, we have a case going on as we speak --

-- it's actually going on right now.

Oh yeah, we're doing individual states.

That's right, well --

I don't know. We're going to speed it up as much as we can. But you can only go so fast. They give us very little time. But we caught them as you know and fraudulent, dropping ballots, doing so many things nobody can even believe it, dead people voting and all far greater than the number of votes we need.

The election was over at 10:00 in the evening. I had one, it was 97, 98 percent. All of the bookies all over the world were saying the election's over. They wouldn't even take bets on it. And then all of the sudden around 11:00 ballots start getting dropped. You ever see the graph where you go like this and then it goes up to the sky.

Tens of thousands of ballots were being illegally dropped. The machines are the worst. Dominion, Dominion, nobody knows who even owns it. These machines are controlling our country. So it was a rigged election. It was a really a sham and a shame.

Yeah. I've read actually  I remember --

No, I worry about the country having an illegitimate president, that's what I worry about. A president that lost and lost badly. This wasn't like a close election. You look at Georgia. We won Georgia big. We won Pennsylvania big. We won Wisconsin big. We won it big.

It's all over these states.

Well, we never get a chance to prove it because a judge will say, well, I'm sorry you don't have standing, like how about me? Texas and all of these states, 18 or 19 all together, they come in, think how nice that is, where they actually come in and they say, we want to support you, sir, because you're important to this country.

We want to support you. They go in and they say the states don't have standing and I don't have, I'm president of the United States. I just got 75 million votes. The biggest number of votes in the history of our country ever gotten by a sitting president. I went from 63 million to 75 million, a 12-million vote difference.

That's the biggest margin in history. They say if I got 67, the smartest people in the business --

-- if I got 67 million votes I couldn't lose. I got 75 million and they say I lost. I didn't lose. The election was rigged.

By the Democrats and actually interestingly, by the Democrats but by local Democrats, meaning state Democrats. They outsmarted state Republicans. You know what I do? I do two things. I run a country and we cut taxes. And we did all of the things -- regulations, Space Force --

-- all of the things, the V.A. was taken care like 91 percent approval, all of the things I did -- I ran a country and we ran it great. We've done more than any other president. Then I have to campaign. We had the greatest campaign in history. We had the biggest crowds anyone's ever had. I did 56 rallies where the number of people were incredible.

OK, incredible. Record-setting. And then I go home and I watch the television to see how we're doing and by 10:30 in the evening, it was over. We won. I got calls from everybody saying -- pros, people you know very well saying congratulations. I said let's not go so fast. I don't trust these machines.

And a lot of bad things happen with these people. And in essentially five or six states, the local people who run it rigged the election and tens of thousands -- remember they stopped the counting in the evening. Do you remember Georgia when they said, oh we had a big flood? We had a pipeline break, a major water pipeline break.

It turned out to be a false thing and everybody -- Brian, everybody ran out. They all ran out.

And what's -- where's the pipeline? Guess what? There was no pipeline. That was the people where they took all of those ballots, all of those Biden ballots --

-- under the table with the black dress and they took them and they started shoving them into the machine. What happened to this country is we were like a third world country. And I -- I do worry about the fact, you know, you asked a question, illegitimate president. That's what I worry about.

Look, I just left Washington to go to the Army-Navy game. There are thousands and thousands of people out there. I had nothing to do with it. I didn't know -- really know they were forming -- they're forming.

Oh, no, no, I'm just saying the spirit, the liveliness --

-- the whole thing, even the fundraising, the money that's pouring in to fight this. It's one thing to say, you know, you ran a great race. Congratulations. I'm OK with that. But they didn't. They didn't run a good race. They ran a horrible race from the basement. They ran a race where he didn't even run.

But what they did is, they cheated. They cheated like nobody's ever cheated before that we know of.

Now, if you look at it it's not even four or five states. It's five cities. Milwaukee, right? Detroit, Philadelphia, Atlanta --

-- take those -- Pittsburgh you could add. So it's five cities. It's four cities. It's even three cities because I don't need five.

Just one second, they cheated like nobody's ever cheated before. And they got caught. Just like the spying on my campaign --

-- campaign got caught. They cheated like nobody's cheated before. And they got caught. So nobody can go in and say oh, congratulations on running a good race. They didn't run a good race. They cheated. They dropped hundreds of thousands of ballots.

They did things that nobody's ever seen.

And we caught them.

Excuse me. Excuse me. We've proven it. But no judge has had the courage including the Supreme Court. I am so disappointed in them. No judge including the Supreme Court of the United States has had the courage to allow it to be heard. The Supreme Court, all they did was say we don't have standing. So they're saying essentially that the president of the United States and Texas and these other states, great states, they don't have standing.

They didn't go into the evidence. If you would look at the evidence, thousands of pages of evidence, we have over 1,000 affidavits --

-- from people that saw tens of thousands of ballots --

-- no but here's the point. They're trying -- they're winning these things on little technicalities like a thing called standing. They're saying the president of the United States does not have standing.

I don't want to talk about that. I want to talk about this. We've done a great job. I got more votes than any president in the history of our country -- in the history of our country, right? Not even close, 75 million far more than Obama, far more than anybody. And they say we lost an election. We didn't lose.

If I got 10 million fewer votes, they say I couldn't have lost.

-- just so you understand, they stuffed -- in a sense, it's a modern-day version of stuffing the ballot box.

If I wasn't president, according to almost everybody, even the enemy. If I wasn't president you wouldn't have a vaccine for five years, OK? I pushed the FDA and companies and everybody else involved like nobody's ever been pushed before. And now you have it rolling out. And frankly, they could have done it last week.

They could have even done a week sooner and they heard from me. But, this has been a great -- a really medical -- they call it a medical miracle. And it's going to have a tremendous impact, 95 percent effective. We have Moderna coming out next week, very soon. We have Johnson & Johnson, a one-shot vaccine coming out.

All great companies.

It's moving along. Well, I want to do it -- I'm pushing it very hard. And to be honest with you, if the Democrats really wanted to do the deal, they'd do the deal. They should do it right now. I want to see checks going for more money than they're talking about going to people.

Everybody is. Who isn't disappointed?

Joe Biden lied on the debate stage. He said there's nothing happening, nothing happening and Bill Barr should have stepped up. I'll tell you what, say what you want about Robert Mueller. When BuzzFeed put out a phony article -- I think it was BuzzFeed -- but BuzzFeed put out a phony article, Bob Mueller stepped out and he said that article was a phony.

And then there was ultimately proven there was no collusion. No -- after two years, no collusion. But Bob Mueller stood up and he -- he interjected that this article was false. Bill Barr should have done the same thing.

All he had to do is say an investigation's going on. And by the way, I don't want to see anything bad happen to Hunter Biden. Whatever it is, it is the facts. But I don't want to see anything bad to Hunter Biden. And I purposely stay out of it. But when you affect an election, Bill Barr frankly did the wrong thing.

When they are saying things, making statements and the press is purposely not reporting it, Bill Barr, I believe, not believe, I know, had an obligation to set the record straight, just like Robert Mueller set the record straight. You know, he set it straight. A very bad thing was said and it was false article, a false statement which you know, usually they are with the -- with the media.

But this was a false statement. And Robert Mueller stood up and he said that is a false statement. And that was a great thing. I'm going to go.

Thank you.