Good morning. And I thought Tim Scott, last night, was fantastic. I thought he did an incredible job. I'm not at all surprised but I thought he did a great job.

Well, one thing is that he didn't discuss the border and the fact that tens of thousands of people are pouring into our country, many of them criminals, many of them people from jails, many of them doing acts that you don't even want to know about. And they're pouring into our country by the thousands at a level that's never been seen before and they're doing absolutely nothing.

The wall is almost completed. It would have been completed if I didn't get sued by Congress and the Democrats every single moment -- and we beat those cases. We built most of the wall -- almost 500 miles of wall and all we had to do is close up certain areas that we had to keep open until we gained title, et cetera, et cetera.

And they just don't want to finish it. I heard they will finish it, but by the time they do that it could go very quickly. And the contractors are having a field day because they're supposed to be finishing the wall. They'll get paid for finishing the wall. So they have to do that and they have to do many other things on the wall.

You know, stay in Mexico was a great thing. They don't come into this country. They stay in Mexico. It's as simple as that. That was a big deal that when we got that --

-- legally. We had to get that. We had to win that and we won it, and they gave it up. Now everybody's pouring into our country. It's out of control. It could destroy our country if it keeps going and the longer it goes the harder it is to stop. We had the best border that we've ever had in history, admitted by everybody --

-- and all they had to do is leave it. The border patrol is fantastic. The guys and women in the border patrol -- they've done a fantastic job. The ICE agents that we have, I've gotten to know so many. They're phenomenal people. All they had to do is leave it alone. It was so good. It was the best it ever was and now it's a disaster.

It's a -- what a shame for our country.

It will destroy our country, Maria.

Oh, it's going to get much worse. Many more people are going to come up. They're already banding together. You can see that when you look at these countries. And I had a situation where I inherited a very bad situation from President Obama. It was a terrible, terrible situation. The three countries, plus Mexico -- they were taking advantage very badly of the United States, as you probably understand and know.

And I went to the three countries and I said you can't do this. You know, we weren't allowed to bring back MS-13 gang member criminals. We couldn't bring back criminals of all different -- they wouldn't accept them back. And after a while, I said well, what kind of a deal is this? Are they coming from the country and then they won't take them back?

They're sending a lot of people. They're not just -- these aren't just great people, hardworking people coming, these are criminals in many cases. You wouldn't believe the percentage of drug dealers, rapists, human traffickers. These are real -- murderers, by the way. These are people coming into our country unabated.

They are coming in at a level that nobody's ever seen before. And when I talk about the kind of people, I mean it 100 percent. So I went to these countries and I said listen, it's got to stop and you're going to take back these people, and they said no. And I said that's OK. I asked how much do we pay them.

Five hundred -- we pay them $500 million a year -- that's a lot of money split -- among three countries. I said we're not making any more payments. Stop all payments. The following day I had a deal where they take back all of these criminals. And we sent back MS-13 and other criminals by the thousands. They said we will take them back.

We would be glad to take back MS-13 as soon as I stopped the money. Now what they're doing is instead of $500 million they're going to give them, I heard, as much as $4 billion. They're not going to know what to do with all of that money. They never had money like that given to them. So we're giving them $4 billion and, I mean, the people running the country are going to have a field day like they've never had before.

So here I am -- I was giving them nothing. They took back everybody that we wanted. You have no idea. They were clogging up airports. They were making it impossible for buses to come in --

-- with these people. And they took back -- Maria, they took back -- as soon as I stopped the money they called me. They said what can we do? I said you have to take back all of these criminals that are coming into our country from your country. They're your problem, they're not our problem.

And they took them back as soon as I stopped. Now, according to what I'm hearing, Biden wants to give them not $500 million, which was more money than they ever thought possible. I mean, why are we doing this? And now he's going to give them, I hear, $4 billion. This is crazy.

It's ridiculous, number one. And the drug czars and others will get it, and people running the country will take it, and it won't go to where it's meant to go. But the number is going to be much larger than that that they're going to get -- many times larger than that. And obviously, they're very ungracious people.

I did the vaccine. They'd like to take the vaccine. But even the fake news isn't giving them credit for that. We did the vaccine. Saved, you know, just tens of millions of lives throughout the world by coming up with a vaccine. If I weren't president, the vaccine -- you wouldn't have a vaccine for five years.

Three to five years would be the minimum. I got it done in less than nine months and that's only because of me. If I wasn't president you wouldn't have a vaccine. And then I went out and bought -- spent billions of dollars to buy the vaccine before approval. So people are getting shots long before they would have.

Otherwise, you wouldn't have been getting your shots until October of November. Nobody would have had a shot right now. So -- and people are giving us credit -- even, you know, the fakers. We've got a lot of fake news people but we're getting credit for that. But I do see where the Biden people and Biden are trying to take credit even for the vaccine.

The other thing is we had -- with Operation Warp Speed, we were delivering vaccine at a level that was unheard of. You know, we had just gotten it approved. We started within one minute of approval -- I mean, we were all set. We had a great delivery system and all they did is take what we had and keep it moving.

And, you know, tremendous numbers of people have been vaccinated because of what we did. We -- on January 20th --

-- they took over what we did and what -- I'll tell you what, it was the military and it was a system of transportation and system of getting those shots out to people like nobody's ever seen. It was a military operation. The generals did a phenomenal job -- a really -- and then they took it over and it kept going.

Very simply, it kept going. But -- and then they blew it with Johnson & Johnson. They should have never done a pause with Johnson & Johnson. That was done for either political reasons or because they like Pfizer so much. But what they did with Johnson & Johnson was horrible. They want everybody to get a vaccine --

-- and then they do a pause, which got so much publicity. It hasn't recovered yet -- what they - what they did there. It was just -- But the vaccine saved millions and millions of people throughout the world. We have the best vaccines. Nobody even can -- nobody even says they have better than what we have.

We have the best in the world.

Everybody's trying to get them and that was all done by Trump.

Well, at the time it came up there were eight million shots and there were six cases which, as they say, was far less than women's birth control pills, than Tylenol --

-- than almost anything. It was very, very minuscule. And I would not have made -- I would have put a warning on or something on just that particular vaccine. But I certainly wouldn't have paused it and gotten front-page news all over the world and then people don't want it. And it probably even affects the others because there's a big situation with a lot of people who don't want to take the vaccine.

Well, this played right into their hands. And they want me to do public service messages and everything about everybody taking the vaccine. And look, I guess in a certain way I'm the father of the vaccine because I was the one that pushed it. To get it done in less than nine months was a miracle. Fauci said it would take three to five years.

He thought it was something that just wouldn't be that effective because it would take so long to get. We -- I pushed the FDA like they have never been pushed before. I wouldn't exactly say they're in love with me. They have never -- this is a very bureaucratic organization. I pushed them like they've never been pushed before and that's why we have it. When they did the pause on Johnson & Johnson, I thought that was a very, very stupid thing to do.

And they're going to do terrible things to the Second Amendment, and many other elements of what he's talking about are very, very bad, very dangerous. He didn't talk about the border. And again, we just finished with the border. But didn't talk about the border. It's like a subject that they're not discussing.

And that will be -- that will be ruinous to this country. And the taxes -- it will be the largest tax increase in the history of our country. And when you say it won't affect middle-class, the middle-class has 401(k)s. And when you look at the capital gains tax that's going to have a massive impact on the middle-class.

It's also going to have a massive impact on companies leaving our country. They all came back. With me, the companies were pouring back into our country. That's why we were doing -- we produced more jobs than anybody in the history of our country -- 160 million jobs. We were never close to that number. We produced more from the African-Americans to Hispanic-Americans to anybody -- Asians, women.

The highest number of jobs in history. Then we did it again. He wouldn't be doing well right now if we didn't rebuild. I mean, our country was booming. The first one -- because we did a great job on COVID and getting no credit for it. Between the ventilators and the equipment and the masks and everything else -- nobody had this stuff.

We got it -- we got it stocked up. We helped the states. The governors of the states have said we did an incredible job. The fake news doesn't like saying that. It doesn't play into their narrative. But, Maria, we did a great job on that, and not only the vaccine. The vaccine is the most important thing of all, frankly.

But we did a fantastic job --

-- in getting things out. But when you look at the biggest tax increase in history, that's going to drive all of these companies and all of these jobs out of the United States. It's a disaster.

Right.

So I got and got approved the largest tax decrease in the history of our country. Bigger than the Ronald Reagan decrease. This was the biggest, most powerful tax decrease -- decrease, that's a very important word -- in the history of our country. They are now proposing the biggest tax increase. When you talk capital gains you're talking about everybody.

You're not talking about just for so-called wealthy people, you're talking about everybody. If they buy a stock, no matter what they do. You're talking about everybody's going to be affected by that. But they're going to be affected in an even more important way. Companies are going to leave this county.

You know people that run these countries, many of them don't live here, many of them are from other countries but their loyalty is to their shareholders, their loyalty is to the wallet. They will leave here so quickly if they can have another country where -- I brought taxes down to among the lower taxed nations.

Not the lowest, couldn't get it down to that level.

But I would have very much worked on it. But among the lower taxed nations and of the large industrial nations the lowest. Now what they're doing is they're going to drive all of these companies out. You know -- you know this very well, billions and actually trillions of dollars were not coming back into this country, trillions, because the tax was so high that -- and also the bureaucracy was so bad, the paperwork and everything else was so bad that trillions of dollars was out of this country.

That money was all -- hundreds of billions was pouring back into our country when I did the tax bill, when we got that approved. That was a tremendous thing.

Hundreds of billions of dollars. If you go by what they're doing, that money will never see the United States again and that's a very big -- that's a tremendous number.

So the reason you see GDP is because of the foundations that we built. We built something that was incredible. What will happen with the tax increases and even the border, with all of these people pouring in, what will happen is you'll start to see negative effects eventually. If you do tax increases like they're talking about and if you do other things -- you know, it never happened so quickly, but it will have a devastating impact ultimately down the road.

That's what's going to happen and with all the spending. A lot of the GDP also is all of this stimulus that they're pouring into the economy. It's, you know, just -- it's sort of fake when you look at it, sort of like the fake media, it's fake. It's showing something that the economy's doing better than it is. They're not real numbers.

Now, we --

-- created something that was incredible and we created it twice. We had the greatest and then we had the China virus or COVID or call it what you want, this horrible disease come into country, we handled it better than any other country. If you look at Germany now and you look at all these countries they used to compare us to, do you notice they don't -- they don't mention that anymore, they don't compare us because we had the fastest start-up of any -- and best of any country in the world.

There's nobody doing well like us. You look at what's going in Europe with Italy and Spain and France and Germany, by the way, which everyone said was doing so well and now they have lockdowns and they're having riots in the street. We did better than any other country. Nobody did the job -- you know, I'm starting to get a lot of credit for it but it's a little bit late.

But here's the good news is that we did great in the election. We did far better in the election. We had 75 million votes and I'll tell you what, that election was won by us. It was not won by Biden.

It's a big deal, what's going on.

And by the way, that's the Senate. That's the Arizona Senate and it's a big deal and the fake news hates to cover it. They actually covered it, a front page "New York Times" story two days ago but they hate to cover it but the Arizona Senate right now is doing a forensic audit and I have no idea, very independent, I have no idea what it's going to reveal. but I think it's going to reveal tremendous corruption, tremendous.

And that's true in many other states.

And we don't need many because we almost -- we almost won even with the corruption essay. Go ahead.

Well, if there was ever a violation of the Logan Act, which they tried to pin on General Flynn who was totally innocent as it turned out, and I mean totally innocent. If they've ever had a violation of the Logan Act, and I think the Logan Act is something they should use, it's very simple. You can't do what he did.

And I said during my administration too, I think that he was seeing them and saying don't make a deal, don't make a deal, maybe we'll win and you'll be able to make a sweetheart deal with us. Don't make a deal. Because Iran wanted to make a deal so badly but John Kerry was telling them in my opinion don't make a deal.

We'll make you a sweetheart deal if we win. And that is a violation at the highest levels of the Logan Act. On top of that, you have this recording that they found saying some of the things but much more than what you just stated, that is horrible. It should never -- a thing like that should never be allowed.

And you know, a lot of people are calling for his resignation and they're calling for a lot more. What he did is totally illegal.

Well, it is incredible because you bring up John Kerry and the horrible thing that he did and was doing for a period of time and then you take the greatest mayor in the history of New York, you take a great patriot. You know, Rudy Giuliani is a great patriot. He does these things -- he just loves this country and they raid his apartment, it's like so unfair and such a double -- like a double standard, like I don't think anybody's ever seen before.

It's very, very unfair. Rudy is a patriot who loves this country and I don't know what they're looking for, what they're doing. They say it had to do with filings of various papers, lobbying filings. Well, did Hunter file? And did Biden file? Because they did a lot of work with other countries. To the best of everybody's knowledge, they didn't file.

Did Podesta file and Podesta's brother file? No, they didn't file. So, it's a very, very unfair situation. You know, you have to understand Rudy; Rudy loves this country so much. It is so terrible when you see things that are going on in our country with the corruption and the problems and then they go after Rudy Giuliani.

It's very sad, actually.

Well, they're going to give our country away to China. China was paying us billions and billions of dollars because of what I did with taxation. Billions of dollars. They were buying -- our farmers have done better. That's why I won Iowa. I won all of these great farm states, by big numbers, whether you -- it's Nebraska, so many -- so many farms states, all farm states, every one of them I won by big numbers and they've never done better.

Grain prices are way up. And the deal we made for the farmers with China is phenomenal. China never in their wildest dreams thought they'd ever sign something like that. And I've taken in billions of dollars. But you look at how well the farmers are doing, that's because of the great trade deal that we made.

Then, of course, COVID came up and then I felt differently toward China. And you -- China will take over this country if they don't do something very quickly. And they've been very, very weak on China. They don't want to do -- look, they have business. Hunter Biden got a lot of money out of China. Their family got a lot of money out of China.

It's disgraceful what's going on. Right now it's disgraceful what's going on. And China's not even mentioned. China is a big economic power that wants to become the biggest economy, it was supposed to have already taken that step and it would have happened except that we beat China so badly and then COVID came along and it was back to step one and then we again, by the time I left office, we had this country in great shape again economically.

And the vaccines, again, having the vaccines was such a big thing. You know, a lot of people think it was one of the great miracles of all time, to have a vaccine done in less than nine months. They cannot believe it. Nobody can believe it. The FDA can't believe it, because they would have had -- they would have been years and years before they did it. One other thing we did and so important because, you know, it never gets mentioned, but it was placing a bet.

And it was a bet or a speculation you may call it, but buying billions and billions of dollars of vaccine before we knew it was even going to get approved, before we totally knew it was going to work. That was one of the greatest bets ever made in the history of this world because it got people inoculated one year early.

When you think of it, nobody would have even had shots now. It would have been September or October before you got your first shots. So, I took that gamble, it was a gamble, I took that gamble and it -- there's never been a gamble that's been more important that worked in my opinion.

It looked like they were choking last night while he was speaking. I watched and I said, they ought to get some air. It looked like they were literally -- the -- Nancy's mask was the biggest mask I think I've ever seen.

They -- I'm not sure if they know there's a strategy, but they love those masks and everybody in that room was -- had the vaccine, everybody in that room was in good shape, they could have done it much differently. For Joe Biden to walk outside to announce you don't have to wear masks outside. Now people knew that for a long time, but he walks outside to tell you, you don't need masks outside and he's wearing a mask.

He's outside doing it and he walks up in a mask. Look, this country has got to get their schools back. It's got to get these cities open. It's all -- in all cases Democrat. When you look at Florida, Texas and various other places they had a much relaxed policy and yet they had far fewer deaths relatively speaking.

They had far more economic success. New York has been so badly hurt it's going to take a long time to recover. California was so badly hurt. It's -- I mean, these places, some of the places, there's never been any place that was tougher than Michigan. And Michigan had an outbreak the likes of which you haven't seen since the very beginning.

So, you know, it's very sad. When you look on television last night and they could have had fewer people in the room than a, you know, than a packed room like I had when I did it. I understand that. But, to have a room that was so sparse and to have everybody wearing masks and everybody has the -- you know, they all got the shots, but they all have masks.

It doesn't show very much confidence. You know, they want to build confidence in the vaccine, because not everybody wants to take it. Because they have their freedoms and they don't want to take it. They want to show confidence in the vaccines and then you see something like you saw last night, a room loaded up with masks.

I'm telling you, the people looked like they were choking on their masks. I've never seen anything like it.

Very nice, very nice.

Yes, that was very nice. Well, that's the way they are, it's nasty.

Well, the schools that are open have no problem whatsoever. You have schools, many schools are open, the teachers union totally controls this administration and for whatever reason they just don't want to go back to work. It's a terrible thing. And one of the other things beyond the unions, the stimulus is making it so that people will not work.

So, people all over the country, small businesses, cannot get people to work. You see it in restaurants. You see it all over. They can't get people to work because they're competing with this stimulus money that if they work they're not getting the stimulus money and the stimulus money is more so they're trying to get their businesses open and they cannot get employees.

It's a tough situation.

Well, H.R. 1 would be catastrophic. Number one, you don't have voter ID, you don't have signature verification, you have all sorts of things. Plays right into the Democrat playbook and they're trying to use it to override states because the states now saw the rip-off of the last election which was a totally fraudulent election in many ways, in many different ways, including the fact that they didn't get legislators to approve the many, many things that they did.

It's a -- the Supreme Court should have had the courage to hear it. They didn't want to hear it and they knew. They didn't want to turn over an election. They didn't have the courage to turn over an election. The Supreme Court should be ashamed of themselves. But now if you look at Arizona, you look at other states, they're going right back and they're finding -- I think they're going to find massive corruption and so do a lot of people in this country.

They're going to find massive corruption. But this rule and law that they're trying to pass right now in Congress will override all of the states, and all of the good work that's now being done within the states, including voter ID. And they're trying to override it because the Democrats don't want voter ID. You know, it was interesting, yesterday to get into the Capitol they made it so difficult.

You had to have your name, your picture, everything in order to get in. But when it comes to voting, they don't want to have that. They don't want to have names, they don't want to have pictures, let anybody come and vote and that's what happened in the last election. It was a disgrace. They sent out tens of millions of fake ballots.

I mean -- wait until you see, in my opinion, wait until you see what comes out of these investigations. You're going to see fraud at a level that no -- we were a third world country when it came to the 2020 presidential election.

He's right.

Yes, 100 percent. And the polls show it and everybody wants me to do it, 100 percent I'm thinking about running and we will, I think, be very successful if -- we were very successful. Look, I ran twice. And the second time I got 12 million more votes than the first time, which very rarely happens for a president.

I got the largest number of votes in the history of our country for a sitting president. And I was told if I got 66 million you couldn't lose. I got 75 million. At 10:30 in the evening, everyone thought the election was over and that we had won. All of a sudden, late in the night, they closed up the tabulation centers and they came out with new numbers.

This election is a disgrace to our country. And the whole world knows it and they're watching.

Well, he's a friend of mine. I endorsed Ron. And after I endorsed him, he took off like a rocket ship. He's done a great job as governor. A lot of people like that, you know, they -- I'm just saying what I read and what you read, they love that ticket. But certainly Ron would be considered. He's a great guy.

Well, look, Second Amendment we have to protect. You look at the taxes that are rising, the biggest tax increases. You're going from the biggest decrease to the biggest increase in history. It's going to be a shock to all people, not rich people, all people. So they're giving the biggest tax increase in history.

It's going to destroy the economy. The border has to be brought back to where I had it. We had it -- the best in the history of our country. And the wall would have been finished very quickly. They have to finish the wall. They have to get it finished. I would have had it finished two years ago except that I got sued all the time.

Every time we made a move, we got sued. It took two and a half years to win all the lawsuits. I won the lawsuits. We built the wall. It is almost complete. They have to finish the wall. They have to do many things. And they have to leave our Second Amendment alone. They want to destroy our Second Amendment.

Also, energy. We were energy independent. We're not going to be energy independent in a couple of months. We're not going to be energy independent. We were, for the first time, energy independent. Your gasoline prices, look what's happening to them. They're going up through the roof in a short period of time.

I had them down below $2. And we still had a strong energy industry. Now they're laying everybody off. Why did they lay them off? Look at the pipeline. The heads of that union should be fired because I was building the pipeline. I overrode the veto and the -- of the previous administration. So I'm building the Keystone Pipeline, the Dakota Access Pipeline, we're building all of that stuff and they come and they stop the Keystone Pipeline.

Now they want to stop other pipelines that are already built. And all of these workers are out of business. The pipeline workers are out of business and their union heads always support a Democrat. So they supported Biden. Those union heads should be fired by all those people that don't have a job because if I were president right now, they'd all be working like crazy to build pipelines, which environmentally are much better than trains.

But, of course, Warren Buffett owns trains and he's a big Democrat. So maybe that has something to do with it. Because stopping the Keystone Pipeline has nothing -- has absolutely -- it does nothing good for this country.

And now you have thousands and thousands -- the real number is 49,000 people. You know, they like to say 8,000. It's 49,000 people ultimately. And for them to stop that and for -- think of it. And these people, I believe most of them voted for me. But the heads of their unions were in favor -- were for Biden.

Those heads -- those union heads for the Keystone Pipeline, those pipeline workers should fire -- and anybody related to them should fire the heads of their union because, in my opinion, they must be corrupt because nobody could be so stupid.

Well, no, a pipeline is a --

A pipeline is acknowledged to be much safer than railcars or trucks. Much, much safer. It's environmentally much better. The only thing is and you should do -- look, why -- how is it possible that the heads of that union didn't know this was going to happen and they supported Biden over Trump? And Trump was going to have pipelines with -- we had other pipelines planned, big ones, very big ones.

And now they're all being wiped out. And yet the union that is in charge of the men and women that do the pipelines was in favor of Biden. They ought to fire those people and stop paying dues because they're wasting their money.

I think we're going to do very well. We need good leadership; Mitch McConnell has not done a great job. I think they should change Mitch McConnell. And we definitely need -- but I think that if I get behind Senators, and if I get behind Congressmen, I just endorsed, as you know, Mrs. Wright in Texas, and she's going to be great, she's really going to be tremendous.

Her husband passed away, he was a great supporter of mine. And she's running for his seat and I think she's going to be great. And just a person -- a wonderful person in Louisiana who just won her election as you know, a lot of people running and she was hoping to get into the run-offs, and she not only got into the run-offs, she got 65 percent of the vote and she won.

So, you know, I'm looking at the right people to endorse and I think that when we -- when I endorse people it means a lot. And I think we're going to have a great victory in '22. I think we're going to take back the House. Everybody's working very hard, I'm working in conjunction with Kevin McCarthy and the group.

And I think we're going to take back the House. You know, we're only literally a few votes short. And when they look at the open borders, when they look at the Second Amendment being, you know, decimated, which is going to be one of their next steps, when they look at all of the horrible things that are happening, what they've done -- are doing, including the biggest tax crease -- increase in history and the jobs will stop immediately.

Because those companies are going to leave our country where they have to pay these kind of taxes. We had it all done, all they had to do was leave it alone but they couldn't do that. And they are very ungracious --

-- you know, they don't want to -- they don't want to give credit where credit is due. And that's, you know, that's politics I guess but they are very ungracious --

-- there's no question about it.

And little Anthony Fauci, who I like, I get a -- Maria, and little Anthony --

-- Fauci, who I like. You know, is, you know, a nice guy but he says, you know, don't wear masks, it's terrible, then wear a mask, then go for a triple. If you can find five of them, smack them all over your face. I mean, you know, there's so many -- so many mistakes. Don't ban China, you should not ban -- no, let China pour in. I did it very, very early.

Don't forget, I banned China very early or we would have had a much bigger problem and I banned Europe from coming into the U.S. very early when I saw the problems. Fauci didn't want that, Pelosi didn't want it. Schumer didn't want -- nobody wanted it. And I did it and I get no credit for anything but that's OK, I think that people understand.

That's why I got 75 million votes working this.

Yes.

Well, in all cases Democrat run cities, Maria, I mean, virtually every one of them is a Democrat run city; New York, Chicago, LA. Every one of these cities where the crime has gone through the roof is Democrat run and, you know, they come after Rudy Giuliani and they come after me and they let people that shoot people in the head, they let them out of jail and let's charge no bail.

But it's a very, very serious problem. These Democrat-run cities are doing so badly with respect to crime and the way they treat the police. You know, it really is defund the police. They want to more than defund them. They want to get rid of the police. These are great people. You know, I got endorsed by the New York City policemen.

They've never done that ever before in a presidential race. They endorsed me and they are unbelievable people. But a lot of them are leaving and a lot of great ones are leaving and they're leaving in a flood like we've never seen before. So much of this stuff is - you know, I keep saying never seen before.

Well, even with the police, we've never seen before anything like it. We've never seen tax increases like this. We've never seen a worse border. And we've never seen police leaving and we've never seen crime numbers like you're going to have. It's only going to get worse. They're all Democrat-run cities.

Like I had a decision to make in the summer and, you know, it's a 50/50 call but in the Democrat-run cities they had riots. We didn't have that in Republican-run cities. My decision was not to do the Insurrection Act or  -- is to let people see what happens when something's poorly run and these cities are very, very poorly run.

And it's really unfair what they do. They go after people that don't deserve to be in positions like that. I mean, going after Rudy Giuliani who is a great patriot, when you have a city that's -- the crime is gone up 150, 200, 300 percent in some categories, is just so unfair. It's just -- it's just a shame.

It's so sad for our country. And the world is watching and they're seeing what's happening and they don't want to come and they don't want to spend their money and it's going to take a long time. It's going to take a long time, unfortunately. And these are Democrat-run cities. You have to remember that, because those are the ones where they have the problems.

By the way, the "New York Post" has been fantastic. It's a great newspaper. They have been so honest, so honorable.

Along with some others, in all fairness. But they have done great journalism, great writing and Michael Goodwin and some others have been so incredible, actually. They've really stepped up to the plate. I think it's our nation's oldest newspaper.

But they have been really amazing when you think about it. Look, big tech has gone crazy. Anybody that has a voice that they disagree with, like me, they ban. My voice happens to be correct but they ban. I had really much more -- I mean if you look at my numbers with Facebook and Twitter, I guess close to 200 million people, I think I was number one and they banned me because the voice was strong.

Well now I have -- continue to have a strong -- I just put out releases that everybody prints what I say. I think it's actually much more elegant than Twitter. And it gets the word out just as well. Not everybody can do that unfortunately. So it's very unfair to a lot of other people. I think I'm getting my word out as strongly as I ever did, maybe better and in a better way, in a more elegant way, I will say that, than doing a so-called tweet.

But they are taking over. You look at Google, and you only find bad stories. In other words, if you go under Trump, Donald Trump, you only find -- if there's a negative story, they put it in. If there's a positive story, you rarely see it unless it's down at the bottom. And they do that so purposely. It is so dishonest.

It's hard to believe I did so well in the election. I won the election and then I won the second election too. But, it's hard to believe that I did so well in the election, when I had big tech against me, I had the media against me, I won't comment on Fox, but Fox is somewhat different than it was four years ago.

And, you know, it's an amazing thing. It tells you that the people are really smart. They get it. They see what's happening. Without big tech, without everything, they see what's happening. How about lockboxes that come in late? Where they have lock -- and they -- and they happen to have almost all Biden votes.

You know, I mean all of these things, people see this stuff and they get it. That's why everybody's watching Arizona even though the media is trying to squelch it. You know, the Democrats had 100 and -- I guess 107 lawyers there over the last three years to try and stop the recount in Arizona. They're doing a forensic audit.

They -- they're -- nobody's ever seen anything like it. They were deluged with lawyers. Nobody's ever seen so many, because they don't want the real facts to come out. The public gets it, Maria. They get it. The get big tech --

-- much more so than you think.

Well, you -- yes --

Well, I think they're going too far.

I think they're going too far.

Well a lot of people want to see get rid of Section 230, which is a gift.

You know, when they say that these are private companies, they can do what they want. Well, they are private companies, but once they're given this tremendous immunity of Section 230 they're no longer private companies as far as I'm concerned, because they're given a gift that no other type company has in this country, in this world probably.

No other country has Section 230. Section 230 takes all their liability away and so therefore --

-- when the government gives them this they're no longer a private company. You know, Josh Hawley and Ted Cruz and a lot of people are working very, very hard on this. Marsha, as you know is -- Marsha Blackburn, very, very hard on this issue. But, when they're given this tremendous power --

-- it --

True.

You are fantastic.

By the way, that's why I'm talking to you so long.

You didn't tell me this would be the --

You didn't tell me this would the world's longest interview and that's OK. But that's why, because it's you.

You have been -- you are a warrior.

Have courage. Keep fighting. It's going to happen. We're going to turn it around. They've gone too far. They can't get away with this. We can't allow them to get away with this. They're destroying our country. Have courage. It's going to happen. I'm with you. I am very, very strongly to -- and times 10 considering to do what everybody wants me to do. And, you know, when you announce early, I don't know if you know, but that has a big impact on fundraising and many other things.

So, it -- it's a little bit of a crazy complex thing, the whole fundraising, campaign contribution stuff is ridiculous. The laws are so archaic and stupid frankly. But we are really -- I am so committed to this country like frankly never before. I just say, keep fighting, have courage and I believe that they've gone just too far.

And they're using the AGs to destroy people. They want to destroy people, great people, great patriots. They're using -- they're politicizing this whole situation with the attorney general's office, with local AGs with what's going on is horrible. It's horrible. And going again -- and going after the Rudy Giulianis of the world, when you have murderers pouring into this country on our southern border, murderers, rapists, and terrorists and people -- by the way, people coming from the Middle East too.

Not just the countries we discuss.

They're coming in from Yemen and various countries, all countries from the Middle East. And this is just starting. It's a horrible thing.

Have faith. We're going to bring it back. We cannot allow them to get away with what they're doing.

You do have great -- I have to say, Maria, you do have great courage and I appreciate it. And, you know, you really do. You're very outstanding and we appreciate it. Everybody does.

Thank you very much. Thanks, Maria.