Well, thank you very much, Brian -- thank you.

Well, you know, we had a great four years. And I've been watching what's happening and a lot of people were -- they were remorseful and they were, like, can we do something? And it's really pictures of a lot of great things with the military -- with so many of the things we've done. And I think it's sort of a happy book.

We bring in some negativity about what's happening now but, frankly, it's really a happy book. And it's a book largely of beautiful pictures --

-- of events that took place and some of the things we've done.

Well, he's done a terrible job just like he did with the H1N1. He's done just an absolutely terrible job getting it out and getting people to take it. I mean, people just don't want to take it. And the vaccines have been -- you know, I have to be very proud of the vaccines. We did it in less than nine months.

People said it was going to take five years to 12 years and probably wouldn't work. They work incredibly well. Some people don't want to take them and that's their freedom and that's what we have to do. But people don't want to take them because they don't trust Biden and they don't trust the administration.

We had none of that. Everybody was fighting to take them and we were doing great. We were doing really great on distribution. We also bought billions of dollars worth before we knew it was --

-- going to be successful, which saved us one year. So many things we did right. And what they're doing is very sad when you look at what's happening. But more people died during this year than last year by a very substantial margin -- and sadly, this year is not up.

Well, a couple of things. Number one, they did a pause on Johnson & Johnson, which really sent shocks through. Over six people that didn't die, by the way -- but six people. And for that, millions and millions of shots given and they did the pause with Johnson & Johnson. That was very bad. And they just haven't been able to sell it. People are not -- they are not trusting this administration.

And if you remember when -- during the debate I think she said and he said oh, if it's Trump I won't take the vaccine. I won't take the vaccine. And then as soon as he got elected, he tried to claim that he did it, but he forgot that he got a shot into my -- during my administration he got a shot. But there was just a great distrust of what they were saying and what they were doing.

And I think that's the problem and that's why they're trying to set up mandates and really hurting things with the economy with the mandates --

-- in addition to other things.

It is a disaster. We have millions of people flowing across. And we're not only talking about the China virus or COVID or whatever you want to call it, we're talking about many other diseases coming over the border that are far worse coming over the border and nobody is being tested. Nobody is being checked.

Prisoners of other countries are being dumped into our country. We're like a dumping ground. There's never been -- We had the strongest border in the history of our country. The wall was largely built. It could have been finished in three weeks and they decided not to finish the openings. It was just some openings.

We did an incredible job -- 500 miles of wall. And this is why that coupled with other things gave us the greatest numbers we've ever had -- the most successful it's ever been. We take people in but we take them in legally. Now, one other thing that's pouring in right now that nobody even mentions are drugs.

Drugs are coming in at a rate of seven times greater than when I was doing it. And our numbers were going way down. We were having the lowest drug numbers. And if you look at the numbers of people that are coming in now, we're millions and millions of people every couple of months -- we're looking at 12, 13, 14, maybe even --

-- 15 million people a year. And none of those people are tested.

Well, they should have never ended it. If Joe Biden would have come in and just gone to the beach, he would have been successful in many ways. Because all of this stuff -- the border was the best it ever was and getting better. Drugs coming in was getting at a level that we've never seen before, meaning --

-- in a positive way. He should've gone to the beach.

No, because I want to see good for the country, Brian. It's so important to me. I want to see good for the country. There's no gratification. What they're doing is destroying our country. Our country is being destroyed before your very eyes and I've never seen anything like it. Their withdrawal from Afghanistan -- you know, I got us there.

The -- we were down to 2,500 troops. The Taliban respected us. Abdul -- I dealt with him a lot. He respected us. We were going to take the people out. We were going to take some Afghans out. We were going to take our equipment out. We left $85 billion worth of equipment. It's unthinkable. And they had a parade list showing off all the equipment they took.

It was like a surrender. There's never been a lower point in the history of our country. And don't think that China, and Russia, and North Korea, and Iran weren't watching because that was the greatest embarrassment in the history of our country in my opinion.

Well, first of all, it would have never happened. Nobody ever mentioned those words, supply chains. It was never brought up. We had perfect supply chains. We had an economy that was going like -- we had the greatest economy in history. We then had the China virus. We fixed it. We did a great job with it and between not only that, the ventilators.

All of the different things that we did getting -- stocking up, you know, all of the states which, by the way, all of the cupboards were bare and that includes the United States government. There was nothing there. We did a hell of a job. We've gotten no credit for it but maybe someday we will. But we would have never had a supply chain problem.

But one of the causes is the mandates because a lot of people aren't working because of forced mandates. That's one of the very big causes. Another thing that's going to be a big problem and it's a problem like nobody's seen before. You know, we were energy independent. We didn't need ships all over the place clogging up the waters, coming in from Saudi Arabia, Russia, and other places.

We were the biggest in the world. We went to the biggest in the world. Within one year we would have been bigger than Saudi Arabia and Russia combined with real energy. And it's called liquid gold under our feet. And we have an advantage that other countries like China don't have. So many different things, but the mandates had a lot to do with the supply chain problem.

Well, when you look at San Francisco and you look at 100 kids or people running into a store together and the cops are standing out there not allowed to do their job -- they're not allowed to do their job -- and you allow a thing like to happen, we have a country that has no law enforcement, has no law and order.

Our police are great. They're not allowed to do their job and they're now being hit. People aren't even afraid. They go and shoot police. They don't respect them. The people of our country love our police and they do respect them. But they're not allowed to do their job. If you allowed them to do --

-- their job that would stop and crime would stop. But they're not allowed -- You look at what's going on in New York, you look at what's going on in Chicago, and look at what's happening in San Francisco. And it's happening in many other cities --

-- that they don't report about. You know, the media -- outside of you people and a few others, the media isn't reporting this problem. But when you have hordes of people running in -- kids, mostly -- running in and stealing --

-- robbing stores where -- drug chains are closing all their stores in different cities because they can't keep them open. We just don't have law enforcement. We're not allowed to have law enforcement. Our country -- I'll tell you what, our country is being destroyed. It should never --

-- be allowed to happen. The police have to be given their power back. They have to stop the crime. They can do it and they want to do it, but they're not allowed to do it.

And by the way, before I answer that, none of this happened with us. They didn't send bombers over the middle of Taiwan. He knew not to do that. I had a very good relationship with President Xi. He knew very well you can't send bombers over Taiwan. None of that stuff happened. And they'll wait until after the Olympics and they'll do something with Taiwan now.

They no longer respect us. They watched Afghanistan. They watched our generals not knowing what they were doing. They saw all of that and they're watching very closely. They'll be doing things. Russia will be doing things. And maybe even North Korea will be doing things because they're watching our country.

We are psychologically weak. We built the military -- I built the great military. We had jet fighters that were 40 and 50 years old. We have new everything. We're in such great shape. But you still have to have the brainpower to know how to use it. And they watched that withdrawal and they -- and by the way, the withdrawal -- get out.

Twenty-one years but you get out with dignity and strength. And we were going to get out with dignity and strength. What they did -- these countries see that. And I'll tell you what, we're in a much different position.

With that being said, you hurt the athletes. You hurt a lot of people. I would not do it. Jimmy Carter tried it -- it didn't work. I wouldn't do it. That's not the problem. By the way, one other thing. I took in billions -- hundreds of billions of dollars in taxes and tariffs from China. We never got 10 cents.

In 40 years, they never paid us anything. Hundreds of billions of dollars. And businesses were starting to come back to us. China respected our country. Russia respected our country. I stopped the pipeline going to Europe; Biden approved it. But, of course, he stopped the Keystone Pipeline in our country, which -- and others --

-- he's trying to stop. Now, we have a group of people -- I don't know if it's Biden. It might not be. But we have a group of people that are destroying our country and perhaps, knowingly destroying our country.

So, fossil fuels are our strength. It's our advantage. And it also can fire up those big factories and those big plants.

You look at what they're doing to our landscape. They're destroying our landscape, our birds. They're destroying with wind. And by the way, those turbines are all made in Germany and they're made in China --

-- OK? And if you talk about emissions, the making of those turbines -- if you really go with the emissions theory, the making is so onerous to the environment that nothing they can do will ever save anything. And as far as cars, in order to make the batteries of those cars --

-- it's the electric cars. And now you're not going to have a choice because they want to go all-electric. But doing that is going to cause a lot of problems for a lot of people. They don't want to go that way. They're taking our greatest assets under -- it's right under our feet. We are blessed as a country with tremendous energy reserves under our feet and they don't want us to use them.

I think that people are seeing the great job that we did. You know, again, we had the greatest economy in the history of our country. We rebuilt our military. We had great military support. You look at the Hispanic support --

-- we've had. We had the best Hispanic support. I just think that people are missing us -- they really are.

-- because I want to be nice.

It is strange because my numbers now are the best they've ever been. I think that's because maybe they look at the opponent and they look at what's happening to our country. Look, I think social media is important. I think we had some very bad people. I think a lot of illegal things were done with social media.

You understand when they can do $417 million. You know, if you spend more than $5,600, they put you in jail. And yet, here's a guy who spent $417 million and nothing happens to him.

So, I think social media -- I think social media is fine if it's used properly. And I think we're going to have a platform that's going to be incredible, and that's what's being developed right now.

You know, I really -- it's such an interesting question. I had to move fast. Our country was in bad shape. I had to move fast. Some of the niceties -- you know, like let's sit down and let's talk very calm. I had to get things going fast. China was ripping us off. Five hundred billion dollars a year. Europe -- they sound nice but they rip us. They're almost as bad as China.

We made a new deal with Mexico. We made a new deal with Canada. We made a new deal with Japan. We were doing a lot of things and you had to move fast. And sometimes in order to do that you can't go -- I can be as nice as anybody. I think I'm a nice person. But we had to move quickly and sometimes you have to break the eggs a little bit.

Well, it's a great question, frankly, and it's somebody from who also has had some very successful books. But we wanted to do it quickly because we wanted to give people hope. Our country is just now -- there's so many people, they're down and we wanted to give -- we wanted to show it was a beautiful time.

It was unfair. Nobody was ever attacked and hit like I was. But I understood that and I got it, and I think we also gave it back to them. But we had to do something. And, you're right -- we have millions and millions of pictures, but we picked pictures that we thought really represented the time and there are a lot of beautiful pictures.

Even the rallies. We have pictures of these massive rallies that we have. And the rallies, right now, get -- are bigger now than even before the election, which is shocking. Normally, you would think you wouldn't have anybody show up. We had, in Alabama, 69,000 people. And we went to -- we went to -- as an example, I went -- we had four rallies that I think were the biggest that we've ever had.

We had a tremendous rally --

-- in Georgia. We had a tremendous rally in Iowa -- unbelievable rally in Iowa. But the numbers are so big. And it's --

-- really, people want hope. And that's a little bit and maybe a lot of the reason that I did this book. I think it gives people some hope and to look into a very beautiful time. In many ways --

-- a very beautiful time.

COVID came along and we had to fix it.

And then we got it going again. So, we really did it twice --

-- and now our country is --

-- being destroyed.

No, that's not true. That's an interesting one. More fake news. No, that's not true.

She was a great first lady. She did a great job. But she loves the people; they love her. I see how they love her. But, no, I will -- I will say this. We have to fix our country. Our country is going bad. We're not going to have a country any longer if we keep doing this. When we allow other countries to empty their prisons --

-- into our country.

You can see what happened in Afghanistan.

We're not going to have a country.

Well, if you look at the poll numbers, I am. Because the poll numbers are 95 percent and 96 percent approval rating now in the Republican Party. Nobody's ever had that. And overall approval numbers are great. So, you know, I'm not going by polls, I'm just saying I did it before and really did it twice. I did it -- we had it at a level that has never been seen before and then we brought it back to a level that was really good despite the China virus.

And other countries -- not one country has fared as well as we have.

Not one country.

So, you know, we did a good job.

Well, we had so much success. I mean --

-- if you look at Space Force, if you look at --

If you look at Right to Try. OK, we got the biggest tax cuts in the history of our country. That was a great day. We had a big -- We got the biggest regulation cuts. That was a great number of days. We did Right to Try. So, Right to Try -- they've been trying to get it for 47 years and I got it. That's where you can use medicine to take people that are terminally ill and allow them to see if this medicine works, and it's been incredibly successful.

That wouldn't sound as big as some of the other things we've done but that was a very big thing. Supreme Court justices -- well, they're going to be making a ruling -- a very important ruling soon. Let's see how that works out. But I had three - - you know, it's very unusual to have three and I got three, and they're very good.

And let's see how that all works out because right now, they're going to be making one of their biggest decisions. And putting in almost 300 judges throughout the United States. I mean, it's almost 30 percent of the judges --

-- in the country So, we had a lot of big moments and I could go on -- I could just go on and on.

We had a lot of big moments.

Thank you very much -- thank you.