Well, I think so. We've had tremendous poll numbers, really great, and I'm very honored by it. It was very interesting to watch those numbers come in over the last 24 hours. But really, longer than that. It's been very strong. People have --

No, we've had them up very high and they've been very high and people want change. They want this guy out. He's the worst president in the history of our country and now here we go in the Middle East again, Sean. The Middle East is rocking again with this guy. It's absolutely crazy. It's so sad to see. And it's a little more than 10 months, but you know what, that's a long time for what they can do, the damage they can do. When you look at what they've done at our border.

We had the safest border of all time in the history of our country and now we have the worst border, probably in the history of the world, with millions of people coming through that should not be here.

Well, not only that, and a very big thing, the ages from 18 to 25, that's called fighting age. So what's this all about? It's from 18 to 25, and very few women. It's not like families are coming in to settle down and to have the American dream. These are fighting ages. We have them coming from the Middle East.

We have them coming from all over the world and we do, we have a lot a lot from China, 27,000, 28,000 from China.

So Sean, we built 561 miles of wall, which is much more than I said I was going to do. And this was very difficult because we had to go through not only the Democrats but Mitch McConnell, which was in many ways worse than the Democrats. And I took the money out of the military. I said, this is an invasion of our country, and I ended up taking it out of the military.

And we built 561 and we're ready to put up another, literally in three weeks it would have been done. We bought it. We were going to do another 200 miles worth of wall, and it was working so well. And I got Mexico, as you know, to give us 28,000 soldiers to guard our border under the threat of tariffs and various other things that I do. But I got them to do something that there was not even a chance of anyone else getting them to do. And you saw that.

We had the best -- we had the safest border we've ever had. And that included for human trafficking, which is such a problem that few people even talk about. We had the lowest numbers in terms of human trafficking. We had the best border we've ever had. Drugs were way, way down. By the way, drugs now are nine times higher than they were three years ago, drugs coming into our country.

Nobody even checks anymore. They just pour through our country. These people must hate our country because what they've done, and we have another policy that I had to get with Mexico and they agreed to it, not happily. It's called Remain in Mexico. You have to stay in Mexico, no more coming into our country before we check.

And you're right, they come in totally unchecked, totally, they call it unvetted. And they're pouring into our country now and they're coming from prisons, mental institutions, and you have a lot of terrorists coming in. And only bad things can happen, only bad things can happen.

100 percent. There's no question that you're going to be correct. And I'm so glad you reminded the audience of that. I did, I wrote a book, one of the many. I had a lot of bestsellers, a lot of number one bestsellers, like you.

No, you've done very well. You've done well on everything and you're a great voice for our country and a very powerful voice. Thank goodness we have you.

.

Right.

Yeah, that's right.

He's a low energy president. More importantly, he doesn't have good instincts for what he's doing, very bad instincts and very, very bad instincts on foreign policy, very bad instincts on energy. I mean, what he's doing with energy with an all-electric mandate, where you won't be able to buy any other form of car in a very short period of time.

And they don't go far, they're very expensive and they're going to all be made in China. That's the way it works. I mean, he's got very bad instincts. He ran for president and I guess he had a good instinct for that because he wasn't given much of a chance. And circumstances gave it to him with -- Elizabeth Warren sort of gave it to him, which he didn't peel out because Bernie was going to get it, but she stayed, Pocahontas as we affectionately call her.

But no, it's --

She got into college using the name -- just throwing around the whole thing of having to do with her Indian heritage, I guess she called it and it turned out that it wasn't so. Do you remember, she went out and she did a test and it was 1,000 --

That's right.

Well, I'm lucky that over the years I've developed a voice where people listen. I've had a great track record of success, like even when you say Osama bin Laden, I did about a year before or two years before I came out with one of the books. And I said I had seen this gentleman. I saw a gentleman, they called him a gentleman, on television, this guy turned out to be a horrible person, Osama bin Laden.

I said, you better watch that guy. That guy's bad news. You better watch him. You better take him out. He's looking for bad things and he said very bad things. And I said, you better take him out and I wrote about it in the book. I have a page devoted to a guy named Osama bin Laden that nobody ever heard of. And lo and behold, a year later, a year and a half later, he ends up blowing up the World Trade Center.

And it's too bad, people didn't listen, right, but they should have taken him out. They had a chance to take him out a couple of times and they didn't. So anyway, but there's a thing that I've been right -- I've been right about a lot of things. There are those that say I've been right about everything. You're right about the 100 percent, and that's going to be -- that's a very sad situation, but we're just ready -- I mean, we are just open.

We have just allowed ourselves with all these millions of people coming in. I believe the number is going to be close to 15 million people by the time this guy gets out of there, and he has to get out of there because our country is not going to survive if he doesn't. He is so bad, and I don't even know, evil.

There's something going on. It's hard to believe a president could be this bad. But it's the people that surround him, Sean, because I'm not even sure that he knows what's going on. It's the people that surround him. He's surrounded by fascists and communists. I know some of the people that's there. The people, Lisa Monaco, she's running the DOJ, I think much more so than Garland, and they're evil people.

And they've been after me for years. They've been after me for years, these same people, and they're running it and it shouldn't be. It should almost be illegal that they're running it. But all of the things that are happening and all of the things that are happening to our country, and I think what people see is, I have a voice and it's through people like you.

You've been such a big part of it, but I have a voice and when I explain it that these are all Biden indictments. These are Biden -- I call them Biden. I don't call them indictments, I call them Biden. These are designed to hurt his political opponent. So I'm his political opponent and they said, let's indict him.

Now what they didn't count on is that probably my numbers are fairly substantially higher than they would have been if they didn't. That's never happened before, I would venture to guess. I don't think that's ever happened, a person gets indicted and your numbers go up. But when it happens, I explain what it is. I say, all of the things that, whether it's for election interference, which they've done everything -- they're still talking about the 2016 election, but if I do it, they indict you, all of the different things.

It's a hoax. Take a look at the boxes. A report came out yesterday from CNN, of course. It was leaked that Biden is fine in the boxes. Well, he had 25 times more boxes than I had and I was covered by the Presidential Records Act, but nobody's told me that I'm fine.

Well, it's war, in a way, and it really is. I just want to make America great again and I'm going to do it faster and better than anybody else. People were saying about eight years. I said no, it takes eight months, not eight years. You don't need eight years. We can turn it all around. We're going to drill, baby, drill.

We're going to bring down energy costs. Like in New Hampshire, they have the highest energy costs in the entire country, by far. And I'm telling them that and they know that. They're getting choked, for whatever reason, in New Hampshire. They also have per capita, probably the worst drug problem in the country.

So it's a double whammy, but all these things and we're going to straighten it out. We're going to get it done very fast. We're going to bring energy way down. That's going to really halt inflation. Now, they're trying to do that now. They're doing things that are not allowed under their super liberal system, but they're doing it because they're going to do it before the election.

After the election, you're not going to use fossil fuels anymore. They're going to destroy --

What's happening now is that they are doing things that they're not allowed to do under the liberal system, OK? And they're drilling as much as they can, but that's peanuts. What they're doing is just extending what I was doing. We were going to make so much money from liquid gold, which is what we have right under our feet, and said, we're taking out oil from Venezuela.

We're buying oil from Iran. We're buying oil from Russia. We're buying oil from everybody now. They're trying to keep the prices down, keep the lid on. The day after the election, it all ends and you're going to see prices spike like you've never seen before. It is crazy and they may get away with it, but I don't think so. I don't think the people are going to buy it and one of the things that I am doing, I'm trying to get people accustomed to the fact that this is what they do. They do this.

They lie about elections, they cheat on elections. What they do brilliantly is cheat on elections and we cannot let this happen. You know, they did it in 2020. They've done it for a long time. In 2016, we got them. They weren't prepared. They said, we'll never let that happen again. Well, we're going to win so big.

You know, there is a level at which they can't cheat and I see that we're up so big all over the place. I had polls come in from Florida, way up in Florida, way up in Michigan, way up in Ohio. We are at levels that nobody's seen before and people liked me and they liked me and they loved my policies, especially when it comes to the economy, etc., etc.

And I think, really, foreign -- we wouldn't have Russia attacking Ukraine, we wouldn't have Israel being attacked, we wouldn't have inflation now. All of these things, all of the problems that we have right now, the Middle East would not be blowing up. We were doing the opposite. We had the Abraham Accords.

We were making peace in the Middle East. You would have had every country signed up in the Middle East. Instead, they're starting to drop bombs all over the place and just watch this. This is starting two days ago, we're dropping bombs all over the Middle East again. It never ends with these people. And --

Correct.

Well, I would be very foolish to say what I was going to say in terms of strategy and you wouldn't even want me to say that, but I will talk -- I get along --

Negotiating power. But Sean, you lose your negotiating ability. I can't tell you what I'm going to do with Russia, what I'm going to say and why it's going to work. But I'm just saying, I will get them on and I will get them -- I will get that problem solved. That problem is so -- this is something that should have never happened.

Russia attacking Ukraine would never have happened if I was president. He wouldn't have done it for two reasons. Oil prices would have been lower. So when he attacked them, it was $100 a barrel. He was making a fortune and he was making more with oil than they ever did. He had the money. He wouldn't have had the money to do it, but he wouldn't have done it if I said don't do it. It was not going to happen.

Israel would have never been attacked because Iran was broke. I wouldn't let anybody buy oil from them. I told China, if you buy from them -- they were the biggest buyer. If you buy from Iran, oil -- take a look at what happened. If you buy from Iran, you are not going to do business in the United States, and I said that very loud, very clear.

You can't do business with us, it's over, and I said that to many countries and they were broke, and they wanted to make a deal and we would have had a deal within two or three weeks after the election. I would have had a deal with Iran. No nuclear weapons. I don't want any nuclear weapons that would have been the deal.

They would have been -- everybody would have been happy, but then we had the bad result in the election. By the way, got more votes than any sitting president in history. We got more votes than any president in the history of our country and yet, 75 million votes, but I think it was much higher than that.

So what happens, Sean, is that all of these things that we have now, inflation, Ukraine and Russia, the attack on -- horrible attack, the horrible attack on Israel, all of these things would have never happened.

Sean, there's a man named Viktor Orban. He's the Prime Minister of Hungary, and he's a very powerful man. He's a very respected man. He's a very tough guy and some people like him, some people don't, but everybody respects him over there. And he was interviewed recently and they said, what's going on with the world?

The world is blowing up, you know, between the Middle East and you look at all the things with Ukraine, with Israel, with the talk of China, with Taiwan, what's going on, what is going on with the world? How would you solve this problem? He said, it's a very simple problem to solve, make Trump President of the United States.

We had no problems whatsoever when he was president. And on top of it all, he defeated single-handedly, he defeated ISIS. Let Trump be president again. If he wins the presidency, it's all going to be good again. He's got to win the presidency. That was a compliment. This is from a very tough cookie, by the way, but that was a compliment.

Yeah.

I don't know how I could describe that and I don't do anything very consciously about that. I just do what I have to do. I do what I have to do to win this election. I think --

Yeah. I'd love to be that way all the time and I understand how to be that way. Sometimes you can't be that way. Don't forget, before I even won the election, the last election, they were spying on my campaign, OK? These people, you know, we talk about the enemy from the outside and the inside, we have a lot of bad people on the inside also.

But if I were a person the way you'd like me to be all the time --

before.

No. Hey, Sean, it's been politicized like never before and it's a very dangerous thing. It's a horrible precedent for our country. This has never happened before, where they used the DOJ and local DA's and you know, it's all coordinated. If you look at this Fani Willis, they went to the White House, the two lovers, they went to the White House, and in Georgia, they were talking about this --

Yeah, terrible, terrible situation, terrible.

Well, they're fake and they're fake news and I think I've brought that to people's attention over the last seven --

It's a very serious problem that we have. So much of the news is just corrupt. It's beyond fake. I think I'll change it to just purely corrupt. But look, they didn't take mine, but they took the person that came in third and the person that came in second, but they didn't take mine. And you know what, I was talking about strong borders and I was talking about energy independence and I was talking about all the things that you have to talk about, but they are indeed fake news.

And you know what, people are getting it and they're getting it fast, and I think they're going to be coming around because nobody's buying --

We're going to make America great again. We're going to put America first. We're a laughing stock all over the world. We're going to drill, baby, drill. We're going to bring energy way down. That's going to bring inflation way down. Inflation is coming back down. It's so bad right now, it's killing people.

And we are going to really -- I mean, it's so simple, make America great again, very simple, common sense and we're going to have a stronger country than we ever had before.

Thank you very much. Thank you, Sean.