Well, I appreciate that, and our country now is in a lot of trouble again because of an election that was terrible, terrible election. But our country is in a lot of trouble again, Ben, that, uh, you look at inflation, you look at that horrible Afghanistan withdrawal, you look at all of the things that are going on with Russia and Ukraine which would have never happened.

All these things would never have happened and we had gasoline, we were energy independent and even dominant and now you look at what's happening with our country and it's so sad to see.

Well, everything, there's nothing I think they're getting right. We're a laughing stock all over the world, including where he is now at the G7. We're a laughing stock all over the world. Nobody's ever seen anything like this. Inflation was caused initially by, uh, fuel, by energy, by oil, by gasoline, by all of the energy that has made the country work and now we're going to green, which is not -- it's not green, it just doesn't work.

It's fine to get a little bit of it, but you can't power this nation with windmills. You can't power this nation with the kind of things. It doesn't have enough power. You'd have to close 90 percent of your businesses down. The whole thing is absolutely insane what's going on with our country. Our country is doing badly and we're a laughing stock all over the world.

Right.

That's right.

Well, you did a fantastic job at HUD, I have to say. You got rid of a lot of regulation, but you did a really fantastic job at HUD and it was a beautiful thing to watch, to be honest with you. So -- but we did that on a large scale, we did that on a countrywide scale and we got rid of more regulations than anybody's ever.

We got the biggest tax cuts in history. We rebuilt our military, we created Space Force and not since the Air Force, I guess 78 years ago has anything like that been done. And so many other things. And now you just watch what's going on with our country to be -- to be in this position, but allowing, you know, it started more -- look, we were doing very badly on the border and what today we're doing worse than ever before.

There's probably never been a country with a border like ours. Even a third-world nation has some stopping ability. But we have millions and millions of people pouring into our country. I mean, just totally unchecked, unvetted. But I think when Afghanistan happened, Ben, I think that was just a disaster the way that was handled.

We would have gotten out, but we were getting out with strength and with dignity, I think that was a disaster for our country.

Well, they're changing it. I don't know what it is. It can't be politics because when you have high energy costs, high taxes, they're going to give you the biggest tax increase that anyone's ever gotten in the history of our country. I mean, what's good about these things from that standpoint? It's just a terrible -- a terrible situation.

Nobody's ever seen anything like it. So, it's, uh -- it's hard to believe it's happening, Ben, but it's happening and -- but it can be changed around and we can make America great again. But right now, it's not great.

It can be turned back. It can be turned back. But it's too bad, you know, we had the Abraham Accords, they would have been -- we would have had it. We would have had total peace in the Middle East. They went to the Middle East -- uh, 21 years they've been in the Middle East, they had peace in the Middle East.

I got hard countries, tough countries, respective countries to sign up. We would have had them all done by now. Every one of them, you would have had total peace in the Middle East on top of everything else.

Well, I think he wanted, always wanted Ukraine. I knew him very well. I knew him -- uh, I know you well, I knew him well, and I can tell you he wanted Ukraine, but he never would have done it. He never even suggested doing it because he knew that it wouldn't happen with me and he understood that. And likewise, President Xi of China with Taiwan, it looks like something's going to happen with Taiwan, and it wouldn't have happened with me. Look, all of this is because of an election that took place that's so terrible.

It's so terrible to see what's happened to our country, and to see what's happened to the world. Look, we're the world leader. The whole world is doing badly now and you could end up in World War III because -- because of what's happening with Ukraine and Russia, you could actually end up, believe it or not, and I've been a great prognosticator, everyone --

Trump was right about everything. I was right about everything, and you could end up in World War III over that catastrophe.

Pretty amazing, we got three of them and we have a couple of more good ones coming. But the one that seems to be the biggie is, uh --

Roe v. Wade.

Well, first of all, I have to say we have cowards in our country. We have -- we have people that go and do what they want to do because they're petrified of the radical left. They're afraid of it. They don't want to fight. And because of that, the radical left takes advantage of it and I happen to believe that there's more on the right than on the left.

And I -- you know, we got -- I got more votes than any sitting president in history, a disgraceful election. It was a disgrace what happened in that election, an absolute disgrace. They used COVID in order to cheat. But, uh, look, there's a lot of people out there that are angry because there are a lot of tough ones and a lot of very smart ones.

And they're angry that a lot of our politicians don't fight the way they should.

They don't.

Well, there's a big section on my legacy having to do with, uh, security, having to do with, uh, military. You know, we rebuilt the military. I'm so, proud of that, that by itself would be great. Uh, having to do with, uh, health care. Look at what we did during the pandemic, I mean Biden had more people die in his first year with all of the things that we've done then we did.

We did a great job in health care, have never been, uh, really given the credit for the job we did. We had a problem come in from China that nobody had ever heard of or seen before, nobody knew what even the word pandemic meant. And we did a great job, we figured it out. We did a great job with therapeutics, with everything and getting the vaccines done in nine months instead of five years or 12 years.

So, people can say what you want, but there are many that say that was a modern day miracle and saved tens of millions of lives. We did a great job Ben, and we did it in so many different ways. But I think we also gave the country spirit, we gave it leadership and we gave it leadership all over the world and we let the world take less advantage of us. As an example, we're giving Ukraine $60 billion and other countries are giving them that are right next door that are big countries, you look at France, Germany, these other countries, are giving them a tiny fraction of that.

And that's because they're taking advantage of the United States. I mean -- and that's been going on for a long time and I stopped it, and I brought respect and dignity back to our country. China wouldn't have gone into Taiwan. Let's see what happens, uh, except for the fact that they watch Russia, they would have done it in two minutes after I left, but they would have never done it with me there.

And likewise Russia, they would have never gone into Ukraine. You wouldn't have inflation. You wouldn't have the problems that you have, you would be energy independent right now, would even be energy dominant. We would have been bigger than Saudi Arabia and Russia combined by a lot. So, we had a lot of things, we've done a lot of things, Ben.

Well, including great decisions from the United States Supreme Court, which just happened over the last few days and those decisions are very important. Everybody tried and nobody was successful and we were successful. And I think in the end, a lot of people are going to remember that. A lot of people have said the most consequential presidency in 100 years because of these.

But we did a lot of other things also. But Ben, I just want to thank you because you did a fantastic job and you were right, by my side all the way and I'll be with you always and what they're doing on January 6, Unselect Committee, I call it the Unselect Committee, you don't even have -- I mean the Republicans don't even have anybody that can cross-examine the lies that are told.

They tell lie after lie after lie and we have nobody up there to cross-examine, which would have been -- it's the easiest cross-examination I've ever seen.

Like this person that got up there today. I mean, it's the easiest cross-examination. But, uh, some things with these people, they're sick, they're demented. There's something wrong with them. And you know they just continue onward and we continue onward, Ben, and let's see how we all do. I think we're going to do just fine.

Well, just stay strong. This is the lowest point our country has ever been. We have no respect throughout the world. We have tremendous inflation. We have problems that we've never had before, highest gas prices, energy prices in history by far. I can only say stay strong. We will indeed make America great again.

It's going to happen.

It is.

Thank you, Ben. And thank you for what you've done. You know, God is going to save our country and you're part of it and I appreciate you very much. Thank you, Ben, very much and you take care of yourself.