Well, I don't know about it, I haven't heard about it until yesterday. We've received nothing and somebody leaked -- I think I probably know who the leakers are, leakers from within, but you know who the leakers are too, but they leaked something and maybe it's not. Maybe it's just made up by the Washington Post.

But we've done absolutely nothing wrong. We have the cleanest record there are -- what we're doing, and as you know, better than anybody, we're fighting for -- against this horrible election fraud and all of the things that are taking place in our country. So, it's an amazing thing. They can rig and steal an election.

And the people that are looking for the truth and for what happened, they're the ones that get investigated. It's a disgrace and I don't -- personally, I don't think the country is going to stand for it. They've been putting up with it --

-- for a long time.

Well, we're not being ostracized and we're not being investigated. You challenged the election -- it's all about the election, because they think they got away with something and they don't want to talk about it because the people talk about it. They understand. You probably saw that I'm suing -- a big suit was announced today that I'll be suing CNN for a lot of money and we're going to sue other media outlets too, big ones and a lot of them, for the election fraud, for the term big lie because there wasn't a big lie.

You know better than anybody, all of the things -- you look at Wisconsin with the nursing homes and many other things and you see what's going on there. You look at Arizona. You look at all of these states are finding so many things and determinative things. So, we filed a suit or we will be filing very shortly.

But it was announced just a little while ago about -- against CNN. They used the word, "the big lie." The big lie is the opposite. It's them. So, we'll see what happens, but we haven't heard anything about that. We know nothing about it. We did nothing wrong.

Well, something has to happen, it can't go on like this. We talk about and you used the word "disinformation." They have two terms, disinformation and misinformation, but essentially they're the same thing. And that's all these people are good at. They go Russia, Russia, Russia and everyone's talking about it for two years.

And it turns out to be a hoax perpetrated by the Democrats, crooked Hillary Clinton, and dealing with Russia. How about that? And then they have the impeachment hoax, number one, impeachment, hoax, number two. They have the Mueller scam. That was a report ended up in non-collusion, no collusion whatsoever.

And you just say, "What is going on?" and now you have this January 6th thing where the lies, think of it, where they say I -- in the car. I was choking a -- a -- a Secret service agent, OK? And now, it's turned out that that's a total scam because you saw the stuff that just came out by also the great Mollie Hemingway.

She's fantastic.

She just wrote a great -- she just wrote a great story about it and how that was a total hoax and so many lies, so many lies and I don't think -- I don't think it can -- really can continue to go on like this. The people aren't taking it. They're not going to take it.

Well, by not allowing that to come out before the -- because as you know, they wouldn't let it come -- to come out, but by not allowing it to come out, they said it made a 17-point difference. But it didn't matter. You know, I got millions and millions more votes the second time than I did the first, the whole thing.

If we don't have borders and if we don't have free and fair elections, we don't have a country, Sara. You know that better than anybody. You've done a great job. And when I see them giving the Pulitzer Prizes based on their reporting on Russia and then Russia turns out to be a total hoax, even admitted. You see Bret Stephens admitted it in the New York Times.

The Washington --

-- Post admitted it. So, why are they keeping their Pulitzer Prizes? And why isn't Pulitzer demanding those prizes back? Because it was a total hoax. So, that will be another thing that we're working on, one of many.

Yes, I'll make a statement. They ought to investigate the election fraud. You know, the people came to Washington because of a -- an election that they felt was rigged and stolen. And nobody investigates the reason that they came, because that was the reason they went. And I believe it was the largest group I've ever spoken before.

And that wasn't me. That was a whole group of people that started that, you know, having a day. It was a protest. It was basically a protest.

But then when you look at Antifa and you look at Black Lives Matter and you see the destruction they've done in Seattle and in Portland and in Minnesota and all these different places, and they do nothing, absolutely nothing. It's disgraceful. And it's disgraceful the way they've treated a lot of these people that should not be -- they're being persecuted.

I mean, they're firemen, they're policemen, they're soldiers and they've been persecuted and they've done nothing to these other people that have actually caused death. You know, one person died on January 6th and the name was Ashli Babbitt.

What a -- what a disgrace the way they're handling it. And the country is very angry about it, I can tell you that.

Yes, I think so, and there's never been weaponization like what we've seen lately. There's never been anything like it. And the reason is they want to stop talking about the election. They don't want people to look at the facts. And even the judges were afraid to look. You know, they'd -- they'd dismiss it on not on the facts, on some legal technicality.

Now you look at what's happening in Wisconsin where -- with the nursing homes where they have thousands and thousands of votes, determinative and many other things. Wisconsin is going wild. Arizona is going wild. A lot of people are being elected because of it, because of the election fraud of 2020. Look at Mo Brooks.

As soon as he got off that --

-- subject, he lost a 54 point lead. It's a very big thing. And what that Unselect Committee, as I call it, and I call it that and nobody even challenges it. But it's a totally partisan committee. What that committee should be doing, Sara, is looking at the election fraud, because that's why everybody was there.

That was the reason for it. And the people of this country have not forgotten. If anything, there's a bigger chance about what happened in 2020. And it's certainly -- that chance is high because of how bad our country's are -- the inflation, the military, the Afghan withdrawal where we're giving $85 billion --

-- and losing lives and everything else. all of the things -- and the open border where millions of people are flowing into our country and we have no idea where they're even from. We have no idea where they're coming from. We know nothing about them and it's going to cause problems into the future like you wouldn't believe.

So, with all of this --

- the country's angry. And the January 6th Unselect Committee should be spending 95 percent of their time on a thing called the election and the fraud that took place. And they spend no time.

Yes, they spend no time on it.

Yes.

So, we took a very tough stance on Huawei and all of these tech companies coming in and we made it impossible for them. In fact, they almost went out of business and now they're coming in, in spades. They'll be able to read everything and see everything that they want to see near military bases. And on top of it, you know, I charged them hundreds of billions of dollars worth of tariffs and taxes.

And it really shut them down with regard to steel, and you know, I saved the steel industry. I understand that the Biden administration is going to be dropping those tariffs on China. And if they do that, China is going to own the United States. We had -- we had great success. No president has ever taken in $0.10 from China.

I took in hundreds of billions of dollars. I gave $28 billion to the farmers because of the way they were mistreated by China. Now, it's very sad what's happening and it looks like China is ruling us.

She should have never done it in the first place, because it wasn't her place. She does nothing but cause trouble. But now that she's done it and now that she's made the statement, she has to go. But she should have never gotten involved in the first place. She's only trouble. I think she's totally a whack job.

She's crazy, but she should never have done it. It's trouble, but she should have to do it. Now that she's announced that she's going, she has to do it.

Yes.

That's what's happening. It would have never happened with Russia and Ukraine if I were the president. And I will tell you, if that election wasn't rigged and stolen, you would have had no deaths. You would have had no problems. You would have had no war at all. Even without a negotiation between Russia and Ukraine.

I knew that very well. I knew -- I -- I predicted everything. I predicted practically I think every single thing from gas prices to Ukraine. I said it was going to happen. Putin wanted it. He was never going to do it during my administration, no chance. Same thing with President Xi of China, he was never going to go into Taiwan.

Never. It was never, ever going to happen. And now if you look, he's getting closer and closer by the day. No, that's what's happening. They have no respect for our country. They have no respect for our president and all they're good at is misinformation and you know, politicizing. All they -- what they're doing with the weaponization.

That's all they're good at. That's all they seem to know how to do. If they devoted the same genius to running our country and to making decent either relationships, deals, whatever you want to call it, with other countries, nobody could beat us. But that's all they're good at. That's all they know how to do: cheat on elections.

So, we were energy independent. We were becoming energy dominant. We would have been double the size of China of -- double the size of Saudi Arabia. Think of this, of Saudi Arabia, of Venezuela. You could add anyone else. In fact, Russia, if you added all three of them up, how about this? We're going to Saudi Arabia.

We're going to Venezuela to ask Venezuela for oil, but if you look at Venezuela, Saudi Arabia and Russia, we would have been bigger than all three. We were dominant. We were going to be super-dominant, I called it, and we were on the track. And now, we're begging for oil. And in the meantime, the prices have gone through -- the prices have gone through the absolute roof and they're going to continue and they're going to go higher all because of the Green New Deal nonsense.

Green New Deal is not powerful enough to even fire up 20 percent of our businesses, 20 percent of our great plants all over the nation. It'll be like Germany. You saw Germany. They wanted to go green and they went green and they almost went out of business. Now, they're going back to coal and they're going back to nuclear.

To see these people go to Saudi Arabia, to go to Venezuela, and ask for oil and we have more liquid gold under our feet than they do.

Yes, and I love Oklahoma.

You know, Oklahoma --

-- I won 77 out of 77 counties, districts. Seventy -- all 77. Ronald Reagan won 56. That was pretty good. I won 77 out of 77.

Yes, well, I love them, too.

Thank you. Thank you.

Yes.

No, just common sense. It's like, you know, I mentioned a lot of things that were strong, but true with, you know, the drug dealers and all. They kill thousands of people. Each one of them kills thousands of people. And the only way, if you look all over the world, and I have, the only countries that don't have a drug problem are the countries that do the death penalty for drug dealers.

You look at Singapore, you look at China, you look at others, no drug problem, none whatsoever. And I mentioned that and I mentioned a lot of strong things. If you did that -- you know, if you ever enacted that, you'd lose 50 percent of your drug stuff in, I would say, 50 percent the following moment, the following minute, without doing anything.

So, we have to --

-- you know, I mentioned that some people thought it was controversial. I said, "What's controversial? When each drug dealer kills hundreds and hundreds of people during the course of that dealer's life, what's controversial about it?"

Yes.

Well, I did. And you know, we did -- we had it down and what we did was really great was we had a very strong border and drugs were down. The drug stuff was down more than it's been in 34 years, and we were just getting started. But we had the strongest border in the history -- think of this, the strongest border in the history of our country, recorded history of our country.

Nobody's ever seen anything like it and all they had to do is leave it alone and it was fixing itself. It was getting better. It was tough to get in. Human traffickers couldn't get in. And drugs were having a hard time getting in, Sara. We had the best --

-- numbers on drugs in years, decades, and then these guys come in and they say, "Let's open it up." Now, drugs are ten times greater than they were two years ago. Think of it. And the -- the people --

-- coming through, I believe it's 15 million people in one year. I believe it's 15. It's not 3 or 4. I believe it's 15 million people. That's the size of New York State.

A hundred percent.

So, when you see open borders, I don't care who you are, doesn't make any difference, when you see open borders, there's only one reason that you could have it. People are stupid, but I don't believe that they're stupid. The other reason, if you look at a reason or whatever, is that they hate our country.

And I don't think they're stupid, because in a certain way, they're very cunning people. You understand that. When you watch what they do on election fraud, when you watch what they do on a lot of things, when you watch the disinformation where they say, "Oh, this is Russia having to do with a laptop," which is there for everyone to see.

It was Russia -- Russian disinformation. And then immediately after the election, they said, "Oh, we were wrong about that. It wasn't Russian disinformation," and they admitted it. It was a hoax. It was just -- and it made a 17-point difference. Think of that, according to the pollsters, as you know. So, perhaps they hate our country because it's not possible that anybody can think that open borders or how about this?

Voter ID? They don't want -- they fight so hard against Voter ID. Now, why would somebody not want Voter ID -- Voter Identification? There's only one reason. Because they want to cheat in elections. That's the only reason. There's no other reason, and yet they fight.

And even the Democrats, 82 percent want Voter ID, but the politicians don't want it. The only reason is because they cheat in elections. They want to continue to cheat.

I do, actually. I do. There's some very brave people and they're trying to be, not only silenced but investigated. No, but think of it, the people that rigged the election, no problem. The people that want the truth for the good of the country, they're under investigation. You think about that. It's a very, very sad time for our country.

But I don't think the people are going to stand for it, because people understand it far more so than they did a year ago.

Yes.

It would be different in the sense that number one, we've seen so much. We've learned so much. I had unbelievable people in my administration. We rebuilt the military. We got rid of --

-- ISIS. We did things that nobody thought were even possible. Got the biggest tax cuts in history, regulation cuts and . We've done more than any -- I mean if you look at other administrations, it's not even close what we've accomplished. Despite all of that, I wish we had somebody that was better as attorney general.

I had sessions and I had Barr. Barr was --

-- a person that was absolutely disgraceful. He was afraid of being impeached and he was afraid to go after the election fraud. He was just afraid. He was so afraid. He was not -- I don't want to say he wasn't a patriot, but he was a coward. In the truest sense of the word, Bill Barr was a coward. and it's a shame because that's what should have happened and he didn't have the courage to do it. But you know, over the course of four years, I got to know great people and we had great people there.

Nobody wants to write about them and I understand that. But we had some people that didn't do their job. One of them was Bill Barr, I will tell you that. He should have done -- he was a coward. He was afraid of being impeached. The Democrats, if you remember, Pelosi and the group, they were going to impeach him.

and he didn't want to be -- and how do you not get impeached? Say, "Oh no, the election was just beautiful." It's a disgrace, but I think very few people have done the job we did with all of that and with all of the fake investigations. Everything was a fake. Everything was disinformation. It was all a big fake.

And with all of that, I did more than just about any president in the history of the country. You look at all of the things, even Space Force. Think of it, rebuilt. I rebuilt our entire military. They gave away 85 billion of it to the Taliban, but that's a tiny fraction compared to what I built. And we did --

-- such a great job, but some people I -- I could have done without.

Sara, he was afraid like -- he was afraid of being impeached. He was going to be impeached. They were all talking. They didn't even know why they were going to impeach him. He did nothing wrong. They were going to impeach him.

And how did -- oh, no. Well, that was more than a threat. I mean, there was a period of time when it looked like he was going to be impeached. All of a sudden, he starts saying the election was so wonderful. And as soon as they said that, the last person in the world that they would have impeached would have been him.

Because look, it's all about what took place during the election, during that period, because the evidence is there. It's massive. If you read the lawsuit against CNN and you'll read the lawsuit against many other media companies, because they were all participants in this. When you read the lawsuit and you see the fraud, because we spell out the fraud, and this is big numbers.

This is a -- a -- you know, we're talking about big numbers. And you understand that better than anybody, because nobody covered -- you, John Solomon, Sean Hannity, I mean, there are a certain group of people. You talk about Pulitzer Prize, you and Solomon and all these guys, I guess they don't give them for Hannity's position, but he should get one too, but the people that called it, Sara, the people that -- because you're right.

If you look at it, they got nothing. And all these people do is they go on to the next hoax. They go on now to January 6th and you look at Cheney how bad she is. She's like 30 or 35 points down.

Yes.

Yes. Look, I won it --

-- last time and I won it by more this time. It's incredible what's happened in Wisconsin, even more incredible what's happening in other states. And you know, the problem is that people are afraid because they're worried about what's going to happen in '22 and '24.

There has never been a time where our country's so low. There has never been a time where our country's been so disrespected as now. There has never been anything like it with inflation, with the economy, with our military looking so bad and so weak and so pathetic. And yet, just before that, I defeated 100 percent of ISIS, the ISIS caliphate.

What I'm saying is we will make America great again. We did it twice, because I did it before the plague came in from China, and I did it after. In fact after, the stock market was actually higher. He took the residue of what I had and played that for six months and then it all started crashing. You know, it doesn't just happen that day, but it happened.

We will make America great again. We just hold out hope. Hold out hope, and get out and vote because the upcoming midterms are very important, and frankly, most important of all is the presidency in two years. Don't forget, Sara, I used to say, "Oh, four years, four years." And we went through all of this stuff.

But four years. Well, now it's two years. Two years doesn't sound so long. Four years sounded like --

-- a long time, but there's never been somebody -- there's never been -- been a president who's done the kind of destruction that's taken place in the last two years. It's incredible. Hold on. We will make America great again.

Oh, good.

Thank you, Sara, and I have great respect for you. You know that, and keep up the good work. Thank you very much.