Well, thank you very much, Todd, and it's been a while but not that long and I look forward to talking to you again.

These people are sick, Todd, they're sick people. Can you imagine -- and it's constant, it's just constant and what this country is going through. We're fighting from within and we're fighting from the outside. But the ones from within are more dangerous. You understand, they are just horrible, horrible people.

Well, you know, I get it a lot. Two days ago, a friend of mine, I actually mentioned it, last night. I was -- I was doing a friend of yours, Sean Hannity. I did a show last night and I think it's going to be on tonight, also. It's a double whammy. We had it going so good that I think he got two hours out of it, you want to know the truth.

Great, but -- but, uh, I mentioned that a guy came up, very successful man, probably you heard of him. I won't give you his name, but a very successful guy. And he asked me, pulled me aside, he said, could I ask you a question? How do you take it? How do you take what they do? And I said, do I have a choice?

I mean, you know, it'd be wonderful if I had a choice; I don't. These people are sick. I really believe they hate our country. There's something wrong when you don't want to have borders, when you don't want to have low gasoline prices and energy prices. We were energy independent and even dominant. We were getting to be dominant.

We would have been more dominant than Russia and Saudi Arabia combined, in a short while. But you know, all these different things that we did with the biggest tax cuts and regulation cuts, everything, no inflation. We had a thing going so good. And you know, to think that we had it going so good and how can anybody be against a border, when you look at what's happening.

You know, you probably heard, two days ago, Venezuela dumped their prisoners into the United States of America. You saw that they opened up their jail cells.

Yeah, that's right, but it's not only Venezuela. In fact, I'm surprised it took them so long because frankly, other countries, we have 129 different countries, many of them have already done the same thing. They're emptying their prisons into the United States. And that's one thing we're going to have to live with that for a long time, a long time.

What they're doing is they're poisoning, they're literally poisoning our country.

I don't even think they know. You know, they say, oh, they want the votes. You know, frankly, I'm doing so well with the Hispanic votes. I think they're going to vote for me, but -- but they want the votes. I think, you know, you hear all these sophisticated plans. I don't even think -- I think they want to ruin the country.

I really do. I think there's something about it. They want to destroy our country when -- there is nothing good about that. Let people come in, but they have to come in through a process. They have to come in, legally. But it's -- there's just nothing else you can think of. I mean, who would do that? They don't need the votes because they cheat so much.

You know, they cheat, and they get the votes. So why do they have to do that? Uh, it's, uh, it's a question you get asked, you know, why are they doing that? Who would believe in open borders? Who would believe in defund the police? I mean, you tell me, Todd, who would believe in defund. I see where in a couple of places, I won't even mention them because I like the people, that, uh, are involved in some ways.

I mean, they're sort of being shut out, but in a couple of places, it's two and a half to four and a half hours call time. So if you're being raped and you call the police, they'll show up within two and a half to four and a half hours, you know. It's out of control. All Democrat run areas, every one of them.

Well, they're going to announce a contract on Friday. They're going to announce, I think it will be very strong. It's a contract with America. The House is doing it, and I think it's going to be very good. Uh, but you know, the contract is common sense, right? We want to have strong borders; we want to have strong military.

We want to have energy independence. We, you know, we go down the list. I mean there's so many different things, low taxes, great education. We don't want men playing in women's sports, you know, little simple, things like that. And you're not even allowed to say that. That's very politically incorrect, OK?

For you to even have it on the air, I think you'd say, oh, sir, please don't mention that. You're not even allowed to say men and women's sports. You see -- you see the records that are being set in women's sports. They're breaking records at numbers that would have never happened. It's crazy.

Yeah, no, they say he got a lot of language, a lot of his hatred maybe from that speech. I mean, it was such a terrible speech in so many ways, including delivery. I think delivery was a big part of it. It was such a horrible setup with the lights, the red lights that CNN turned pink because they didn't like the look.

They thought it was too, you know what. And, uh, it was, it was, uh, it was a terrible thing. Well, that's the way they are. And that's -- that's the true Democrat. I mean, I never saw Biden that much. He was never an outstanding person. I never saw Biden like he turned out to be. He's turned out to be far worse than Bernie Sanders.

Actually, Bernie Sanders cannot believe what's happening. Somebody told me the other day that Bernie Sanders isn't believing this whole thing. Yesterday, he spoke at the United Nations, Biden. And all he wanted to talk about was climate change. Now the big climate change, the thing that's going to change the climate is a nuclear weapon, if we're not careful.

And we're going to end up in World War III, if we're not careful. He talked about that for about two seconds and then he goes on about climate change is the biggest threat. And the whole place is rolling its eyes. It's crazy what's happening.

-- Convention centers.

Buildings all over the city.

Well, I don't -- I think it's, um, look, this is a racist attorney general. She's no good. She's a whack job. I never thought she was bringing the case because they don't have a case. In fact, if you look at the reviews, the Wall Street Journal, today, has an editorial, the most ridiculous thing on values.

And I think the values are low, in many cases. Actually, they're very low in many cases. And you'll see that. But this is a terrible person who campaigned on, I'll get Trump. I'll get Trump. She campaigned on it. She's got nothing. She couldn't even answer questions yesterday when they were asking her questions.

She's dumb as a rock, and she's angry. She's an angry person, and she's being killed by this thing. It's really pretty amazing., actually. I wasn't sure if that was going to happen or not, but she's, uh, she's angry, vicious and dumb. That's a very bad combination.

I think they took my will . I'm trying to find it. Now the bad part about that is, if I left somebody a little bit too little, they're going to be reading about it and I'll have somebody with a long face in front of me, right. Now, my will is not there.

That's never good. Somebody's got my will. So anyway, but it's -- I think it's -- it's disgraceful what they did. And you know, my poll numbers are the highest they've ever been, right now, because of all this stuff and -- and because of the job we did for four years, in all fairness. People are longing for it, like the book journey together.

The book sold so well because people -- they're almost romanticizing about what it was, even with all the witch hunts and everything else. Practically no president has done what we did with everything with the biggest tax cuts and the biggest everything. Rebuild -- I rebuilt our military. Then we gave 85 billion of it to the Taliban.

Can you believe that; 85 billion. And I think the lowest point in the history of our country, personally, I think that was the lowest point. The wall is horrible. You know, coming through, we had -- we built the wall, we completed the wall and then I said let's build some more. We're building 200 miles more.

Could have had it done in a period of three weeks, and they decided not to do it. And that that was like the first signal. I said no way, and they said, yep, they decided not to do it. And uh, so there's something -- there's something they're doing, Todd, but they're very, uh, they're very ill people. They really are.

Oh, that's funny. Oh, that's a great, that's great. That's -- that's great. Uh, so anyway, well, the wall worked.

And we have the safest border in history, you know that. And uh, we had the lowest number of drugs coming in, the least amount of drugs coming in, in 50 years. We had a lot of things that because of the wall, because of all the wall we built. And we had the lowest number of that. We had human trafficking down to a much lower number.

Now it's gone through the roof. Human trafficking now is through the roof. I mean, it's never been anywhere near what's happened now. It's very sad.

Well, it's going to be, and we're there honoring Ted Budd. As you know, it's fantastic and your lieutenant governor, Mark Robinson, I hope you love him because he's a fantastic guy. He's great. And Ted, you know, is now, uh, leading substantially. He's a very, very popular guy and a great guy. And I think he's going to have a tremendous -- really, a tremendous victory.

And I hope you're going to be there.

And I'm your fan, and thank you very much. I really appreciate it, Todd. I'll see you soon. OK.