Well, thank you, John. Great to be with you.

Well, I hope they follow through. They'll be world heroes if they do, and they'll be literally the greatest of all patriots because it's a disgrace. What went on with that election is disgraceful and anybody that talks about it, they like to indict them and they like to do whatever they can. You see what's happening with me. And it's, fortunately, driving the poll numbers up. But I want to tell you, it's a disgrace.

And I heard about it, actually, I heard about it from reading your Just The News, which is -- which is -- and when are you going to get a Pulitzer Prize because you were right about Russia and so many other things. But I hope you follow this story up because the -- the -- the FBI was like, is like a dead box.

You know the dead box is? You throw things in and everything dies. Except when it has to do with conservatives, and it's not so dead.

But it's a big story, it's really the biggest story, John. There is no bigger story than that, in my opinion, because if we don't have fair elections and we don't, they're corrupt, if we don't have fair elections and if we don't have borders, I put them together, we don't have a country. And I read that in about Michigan.

So, John, you have to tell me, are people going to continue to follow up with this or is it going to die?

-- Let Congress go in and get it, but it's disgraceful.

Well, it's like the guy at the FBI that was in charge of my account. He's now going to jail, OK? And they put it down as -- he was the biggest guy in there. He was after Trump and now they found out it was a fraudulent -- he was all fraudulent and all screwed up and he's going to jail, which is shocking, frankly, if you want to know the truth.

But he was bad news, he was really bad news. And we just have to keep fighting. But I hope this story doesn't die. I would ask you not to let this story die.

It was a very, very dishonest election. You keep it alive. The people that will do it is you, but you have no idea how many stories you have kept alive that are now big stories. It's very interesting.

Well, it's a great question because you look at Russia, Russia, Russia was a game, it was a hoax. You guys understood it very early, but they make up a story, they go with it, and then you have to fight two years to prove your innocence. And this is nothing different. And I'll go a step further. This has to do also with district attorneys and attorney generals in the country because it's coordinated with the DOJ, the corrupt DOJ, it's totally corrupt.

I'm so surprised that Garrett -- Garland, I thought that he was a liberal guy, very liberal guy actually, but I thought that he was a high class kind of a guy that wouldn't allow a thing like this to happen. You understand what I mean by that. I am so surprised that he's allowing all of this corruption to take place in this administration and his administration of the DOJ. I'm shocked by it. But if you look at what's going on, the district attorneys and it even goes beyond that, they're involved in the lawsuits.

I had a lawsuit by a woman; I have no idea who this woman is. They said he raped her, and I was exonerated on rape. I have no idea who this woman is, and then we find out that -- and we have a terrible judge, terrible judge, I believe Clinton appointed. Uh, we find out that the case is backed by the Democrats and by their biggest funder, or one of their biggest funders, Reed something, and he's backing that case.

Then we have another case backed by the Democrats and then we have a third. So these -- this is regular litigation backed by the Democrats, the Democrat parties or their few very big funders. Uh, so this is a whole big conspiracy, when you add it all up. Then you have the four cases, and you have the attorney general case in New York, which there's no way that case can be lost because the numbers are much better, as opposed to much worse.

The numbers have come up and we've been going through that case for a long time, but they're all put to come up. I mean, how about this judge in Washington, the day before Super Tuesday, but sorry, because that slot is taken by another judge who's also got that. So now they're fighting over who can sue me on Super Tuesday.

The whole thing is crazy. The good news is, I have a voice because I can speak to you and I can speak to others. And when I speak, I'm able to put my point of view over and, obviously, they're buying this point of view. But what's not to buy? They are fighting, these judges, federal and otherwise, for we want the day before Super Tuesday.

Uh, they've had this case for two and a half years, almost three years. They could have brought it any time. They could have brought it two and a half years ago; they could have brought it a year and a half ago; they didn't do that. They waited, and by the way, if I were doing badly in the polls, instead of leading by 50 points, if I was doing badly in the polls, uh, you, I would have no litigation, right now.

If I wasn't running, I'd have no litigation, right now. This is election interference, the highest level we've ever seen in this country. This is Banana Republic, it's bad news. But I think, uh, I think it's going to work. It worked out for us because it overstepped their bounds. They've overstepped their bounds.

You know, I never heard the word, for me, indictment. That's not a word that's in my vocabulary. They didn't teach me that at the Wharton School of Finance. And all of a sudden, I get indicted like four times in a few seconds, and there were a couple of others and they disappeared. I think what happened is Washington called up and said, don't do it, do not do it because they're getting killed because it's too much.

People aren't buying it. It's too much.

Well, I've never been apologized to. You know, that wasn't just that I was treated unfairly; I was exactly right. And if you go, you know, thank goodness we had that call taped. Because if we didn't have that, uh, I don't know what would have happened. You know, we had these lawyers like Vindman Alexander, Vindman, lieutenant colonel, call me lieutenant colonel, he says to the commission.

But Vindman and all these people, they reported a much different phone call than was made. They talked about quid pro quo. Well, there was none. And I'll never forget the look on some of their faces. They said they're going to impeach me and they went on and they started the process, which went very quick.

By the way, they didn't have an impeachment inquiry; the word inquiry was thrown away. They had an impeachment because Nancy Pelosi said, we're going to impeach him, and virtually, immediately, they impeached me. They didn't go through ten years of inquiry. So I get a kick when I see because they play a different game.

They're no good at policy, they're no good, but they're dirty players. They're good at cheating in elections and allowing people to pour into our country from prisons and mental institutions. That's what they're good at. They are -- they are just so horrible for this country. But I turned out to be 100 percent right.

I said, if for any reason you see any corruption, and you know, I have to do that actually because we -- Ukraine is a very corrupt country -- I hate to say it, but you know that -- and we have a treaty with Ukraine. And I know you know it; most people don't. And the treaty, because of the tremendous corruption that has taken place at levels that nobody's even seen before at Ukraine, we have a treaty and it says you can't be corrupt.

And it's pages and pages and pages of what to do. And this is a signed treaty, and somebody signed it because they figured we're giving so much money to Ukraine, I guess you got to have some kind of a of a document, but what I said was exactly right. I said, if you see any corruption, you must report it, not to me, to the Attorney General of the United States.

And they didn't do that, you know, they didn't do that. Now, turned out that my call was not only perfect, it was beyond perfect. It was like I -- I nailed it. Now, unfortunately, very few people report that. They try and forget it like, well let's not talk about that, anymore. But I had great backup, I will say, from the Republican Party, Jim Jordan, all these guys, they -- they backed me. You know, we won.

I think it was 196 to nothing in Congress, which is something that just doesn't happen, 196 to nothing on the impeachment thing. And that's something you don't -- you don't see. But it was not just a correct call. It was really -- I was the one that started this whole thing because that's what started it, Burisma, it was -- it was all so corrupt.

And I said, if you see corruption, please report it. That's all I did and for that, I got impeached. And here's Biden goes, and I don't know what he was thinking when he did this. I don't know. You know, he was never a smart guy in prime time. You know that, I mean, people have said it for years.

Take a look at the numbers; take a look at everything. But I don't know what he was thinking when he stood up and bragged about how he gave -- how he wouldn't give the billion dollars and you got to get rid of the prosecutor. And then, voila, the prosecutor's gone and he's bragging about it. He could have done without that conversation.

If that were me or a Republican that used those exact same words, the trial would have ended two years ago.

Well, I would say this, I was impeached, twice. They were bogus, and won both of them. And they were so far out, they were not things that should have been done. They should not have been brought. It was a disgrace. And in fact, there's a movement on, as you know, for expungement, which is to get rid of even the fact that they even went through that charade.

But in the case of Biden -- and that's what I don't understand. You have Republicans that are looking, if the money trail turns out to be what it is going to turn out to be, because I don't think you know when you have all these corporations and you have all of these different methods of even all the aliases, whoever heard of him, he's got more aliases than Al Capone had.

Uh, I would think that, you know, a fair person, because you want it to be fair, it has to be fair, a fair person -- they weren't fair to me at all, by the way, that was just you were told to impeach. The people, they didn't even know what they were voting for, but a fair person would say you have no choice but to impeach.

He's stolen money. Look, just a statement, but $1 billion, and $1 billion, that's a big statement. I mean that statement, when I first heard that, it was a long time ago that we heard that statement. When I first heard that, I said, wow, that really is a quid pro quo. I had none. You know, when I, uh, when they finally revealed my call because we had it transcribed by two really professionals, and it was down to the tack.

But when they first heard, they were going crazy about what I said. And then the stories got bigger and bigger. And I demanded this and I demanded everything, I wanted everything. And then I said uh, we have the call essentially taped, and everyone died in the -- you know, they almost stopped the impeachment.

You know that when they heard, Nancy Pelosi -- Nancy Pelosi saw the transcript and she said, we can't do this. How the hell can we impeach him? We're going to die with this thing. And Adam Schiff and some others said, I think we can get by it and do very well. And we went through a long trial and we won, unanimously, with the Republicans and killed it. And I want to tell you that was a disgrace, but Nancy Pelosi when she first read the transcript, and they were already all set to go, they had all done all this work.

But they didn't take months; they took a matter of hours. You know, their months turned out to be hours. And that's why when we use the word impeachment inquiry, to me, it sounds very soft. The bottom line is if this cache is true, if all these things are true, you know the statement is true about the billion dollars because he's got that, right.

I don't know actually how a Republican could not do it. I think a Republican would be primaried and lose immediately, no matter what district they're in. It's hard to believe that a Republican would have sat through my impeachment over a better than perfect phone call because it was not only -- not only perfect, I predicted this thing.

I can't believe that a Republican could survive in the Republican Party, or even survive. I actually think there'd be pressure on Democrats to vote for it because I don't know how you -- how do you run as a Democrat when you see such unbelievable corruption and then you say we're going to vote, you know, that that Joe Biden is innocent.

I now changed the name, as you know, to Crooked Joe. We don't call him sleepy; we call him crooked -- crooked. They both work. But it's more -- it's more accurate. It's more accurate. He's a crooked man. He's the most incompetent president in history, and he's the most corrupt president in history. And it's incredible, if he gets to the starting gate, he's physically incapable and he's mentally worse than physical.

And if he gets to the starting gate, it would be a miracle to me, I think.

Yeah, and the best thing is you put the right people at the head of those agencies, and now I know all the people. You know, when I went there, I didn't know. I was virtually never in Washington; I was there 17 times in my life. I would put unbelievable people in charge, people that you know, people that I know that because that's so important, you know, because we had great people.

I had great people. And where we had the great people, everything was flawless. You know, you look at the SEC, we had a man there that was great. You know, we had so many great people. I had great military people. I took out ISIS. I did things that nobody thought possible. They weren't good at the very top, but they were good, the fighters were unbelievable.

And I had generals in there that were fantastic that I got to know. You know, you see Milley and you see some of these -- these clowns, but the people that did it, if they were allowed to do their thing -- because I defeated ISIS almost immediately -- if they were allowed to do their thing, we were fighting them for 20 years.

And I did it in no time using the people that I know. We have some great people in our country, so I think that's very important. Yes, I would do executive orders, also.

Well, thank you very much and don't let that voter deal die on us, OK, Just keep it going because you are the tip of a very, very -- that's the tip of a big iceberg that's going to be -- that'll be bigger than any story you've done. And it's corrupt as hell. The election was corrupt. It was a rigged election in the United States.

And it's a disgrace, so I hope you go forward with it.

Thank you, John. Thank you, both. Bye.