So, inflation is a big word and stagflation is even worse if you think of it, and we have lots of both. And a lot of that's caused, in my opinion, by energy. They shut our energy off, they got rid of ANWR. Can you believe that? After many, many decades Ronald Reagan tried to do it, he couldn't. We got it done.

And Lisa Murkowski, who's a disaster senator out there, approved somebody, her vote was the final vote whose first order was to close up ANWR. That's the biggest drilling site, maybe bigger than Saudi Arabia, in Alaska and so many other things. But you know, it all begins with energy because it just -- the trucks, the cars, the bakeries, the ovens, the stoves, everything, the planes, everything.

It's such a big number. And when I left it was $1.87 a gallon for gasoline. Now, in California, it was just announced $7.77 and the rest is all following.

Which is just crazy.

So one thing is the other technology does not have the power to fire up our plants. It just doesn't have the power. Wind is extremely expensive. And by the way, the turbines are all made in Germany and they're all made in China, those two places. And assuming you're believing in atmospheric filth, which is what they talk about, when they make those turbines, no matter how much they save, if they save anything, the air is very dirty, assuming you believe that.

But turbines, very expensive, doesn't work, and it's very intermittent, and it doesn't have the power to do what you want to do. And by the way, kills all your birds and ruins your -- I mean, these magnificent landscapes that are just being decimated by wind, solar doesn't have the power. And by the way --

It's very tough to make and it's dirty. And by the way, you have to change them. You have to change those panels at the end of 10 -- everyone says, "Oh, great. We just" -- no. As soon as you start getting your money back, which actually takes 30 years.

But in 10 years, you have to change the panels. Same thing in the wind. You take a look at those windmills after 10 years, they're beat to hell. And we have sitting -- we're sitting on top of liquid gold and the world doesn't want us to use it. And certainly, China doesn't want it. We have something China doesn't have, and they don't want us to use it, but it's real power.

And if you look at China, they're opening up a massive coal plant every week or more. And it's not like, gee, it's going to stay within the confines. That stuff comes up, and it blows over to the United States. So, we clean it up, and it costs us a fortune. We can no longer compete with them. That's why I ended the so-called Paris climate accord because it was so one-sided. I know you like that. It was so --

Well, we were going to spend $1 trillion over a short period of time and it was all against us.

Correct.

Absolutely.

No, because the green energy is not strong enough to fire up those plants and to all of those --

Quickly, we can.

Yeah, we can. I mean we have to have optimism, and this is more than optimism. This is fact. We were energy-independent 11 months ago, totally energy independent. And now, we're going to OPEC to beg them for oil. We're going to OPEC, Saudi Arabia, Russia. We're going to Russia. We're making Russia so rich.

You know when I ended the pipeline in Russia, everyone said, oh, I'm so nice to Russia. I got along great with Putin and with President Xi and with all of them. But there was never anybody tough like I was on that. And with the tariffs on China, we took in billions and billions of dollars, and frankly brought a lot of businesses back home because it no longer made sense for them to do things in China.

But when they did the pipeline -- and look at Russia, their primary thing is oil and the cost. What we're doing is we're making them rich. When you see the kind of money that people are paying to OPEC, which includes Russia and Saudi Arabia, these people have never made this kind of money. This all happened over a short period of time.

We would become energy-independent quickly. Energy will --

Again. We were the -- for the first time ever.

Well, they just turned everything off. I got it going. So, we were bigger than Russia, bigger than Saudi Arabia. In one year, we would have been bigger than both combined. Think of that. We were making a fortune. And it was great for jobs, great for everything, and it was also great for people to drive a car because they never had it so good.

And now, all of a sudden, he just stopped the supply. I mean you look at what they did, they stopped it. They closed down rigs. They stopped the leasing of government lands.

It's so many things.

And it's all self-inflicted. And then you start to say it must be on purpose. Millions of people are allowed to come into our country, prisons being emptied from many countries. You know, it used to be three or four, I'd say, but it's -- they had 121 countries now. Prisons, where people are being dumped into our country.

Breaking, yeah.

Breaking points. And many of those people that are causing the crime are coming through our southern border. We had the strongest border in history. Now, we have the weakest border in history. And that includes drugs. We brought drugs down 61%, and it was going to get better. And now I hear, it's fixed or six times more than it was at its worst. It's just coming through unimpeded.

I stopped it.

It was done.

He's friends with Putin.

He loves Putin, you know? It's like crazy.

It's true.

Well, it's looking like that. You know, when Biden told him about -- well, he was talking about sanctions. When Biden says sanctions, Putin is saying, "Sanctions, if they're only going to sanction, then there's no sanction that's going to stop me from taking over a country." And by the way, it's a massive piece of land in an unbelievable location.

You know that. But he didn't say there could be very serious consequences. A sanction is not a serious consequence, no matter how strong it is, not when it comes to taking over a country. And there was no fear. Look, with China, there wasn't -- you didn't have planes flying over Taiwan. And I told President Xi, "You can't do that. You can't do that."

We had a lot of great conversations right here at Mar-a-Lago when he was here. We talked for hours and hours. We got to know each other very well. I said, "You can't do Taiwan." And now, all of a sudden, as soon as I leave, they start flying over many bombers.

Well, if that happens, but with NATO is very interesting, I had my first meeting, 28 countries including us. And I looked at the charts and I said, "Wait a minute. These people aren't paying." They're delinquent, OK? You know the word, a real estate term, they're delinquent. They're not paying. And I said at the first meeting, "You're not paying."

And then I had a second meeting a number of months later, I said, "You have to pay." And somebody said, "Does that mean you won't protect us from Russia if we don't pay?" I said, "That's right. You have to pay." And you know what happened? Four hundred billion dollars came in, $400 billion. I said, "Why would we protect you? We're not here to protect Europe? And by the way, you take advantage of us on trade."

That was the other thing I was doing. They're almost as bad as China on trade and nobody understands it. Nobody knows it. What they've done with so many different companies -- as an example, we can sell basically almost no farm product in. And I said to Angela Merkel, "How many Chevrolets do you have in the middle of Berlin?" She said, "Why? None."

I said, "That's right." And we have millions of Mercedes-Benz and all of BMW. All of these car companies are floating it in. I said all of that's changing. Then we got hit with COVID, then I rebuilt it again. We rebuilt it a second time. Vaccines came in, in 9 months instead of 10 or 12 years. They thought it was going to take anywhere from 5 to 12 years.

That's right. He didn't fix anything. And actually, he scared people from taking the vaccine, which is really interesting.

You know, when I was there, we came up with it and everybody wanted it. When I left people really didn't want it, and then they do the mandates which is terrible, shouldn't do it.

No. And they shouldn't have done it either. They scared everybody, and they hurt the economy very badly. You know, the mandates are one of the reasons you can't get anybody to work for you. The mandates have been a disaster, but I would like them to take the vaccine. But they have to do it if they want it.

And you know what? There's plenty of people that would take it. I won't ask whether or not you've had it, but I had --

OK. And they don't give credit for that. If you have COVID, supposedly, it's as good.

Supposedly, it's as good. Why wouldn't you get credit for that? They don't give credit for that. You need to get the vaccination, and it's ridiculous. But they don't trust the Biden administration, and that's why they're not doing it. With all of that being said, if we didn't come, I believe this would have been a 1917 catastrophe, you know, where perhaps 100 million people died.

But all over the world, we saved 10 million people, 20 million. We may have saved 100 million. It was spreading like wildfire, but we have to keep our freedoms also, and they didn't do that.

And by the way, they weld them in and they never opened them. That was the end of them.

Yeah, I understood.

Wuhan.

I stopped it. I was the one that stopped it.

No, not now, but he's a great promoter. He's not a great doctor, but he's a great promoter. But you have to understand, everything he wanted I didn't do. As an example, he wanted to keep it open to China. He ultimately was wrong about that and admitted it, and admitted that I saved tens of thousands of lives.

He wanted to keep it open. I saw what was happening in Italy and France and Spain, and I closed it to Europe very early. You know, in China it was January, I closed it. And in Europe, it was shortly thereafter. We saved thousands and thousands of lives. He wanted to do that. And then his big -- one of them all is -- the masks are useless.

They don't mean anything. And then all of a sudden, he wants you to wear 10 masks. You know, wear as many as you can, put them all over, and cover your ears, do everything. So, I didn't really do much of what he said. And he wasn't a big factor for me in a sense because of that.

Well, he's totally controlling Biden, yeah. Now I'm saying, they are doing what he wants to do now, but I didn't do that. Remember, his big thing was to keep it open to China. I said, "Wait a minute, you have people." Now since then, we've learned so much about this disease. And when they locked down a city like New York, it was so bad.

And yet it was totally locked down. It was locked down, and they were in worse shape than Texas and Florida and South Dakota and so many other places. They were doing worse. People that had no contact with other people were catching COVID or the China virus, as I call it, because it's a much more accurate term.

And you think of it, Glenn, they have no access to anything and they were catching it. How did it happen? Who knows? But these lockdowns didn't work, and they were destroying the kids. They were destroying -- children have been set back so badly, not having gone to schools.

So, badly.

Well, you know, I didn't know that.

It's incredible. And by the way, children, you talk about, but people -- look at the suicide rates, look at the depression, look at all of the other things. People have been destroyed with these lockdowns. It's so horrible the way they've handled it. And we understand the disease now. We understand it.

We understood it quite a while ago. You look at Cuomo, where he was doing the grandstanding all over the place. He was a disaster. You know, I sent a hospital ship to New York. And I sent -- I built a hospital, 2,800 beds in the Javits Convention Center, and they didn't use it. They sent the people that were infected back into the nursing homes.

I said, "Why aren't you using these things?" The captain, an admiral called, he said, "They're not using the ship." And we actually had it designed for COVID, which is, you know, different in terms of ventilation and everything else. Did an incredible job. We had a two-week turnaround. It was incredible the job they did.

And we kept saying, "Where are the people?" And yet they're going back into nursing homes and people are dying. It was incredible. We did a great job. Some of these governors did a horrible job.

Which I set up.

So, I wanted to do that. We would have done that or we would have done a very big form of it. You have people in Washington D.C. that don't even care about the kids. They're bureaucrats, they're working in Washington, and they're telling people in Iowa and they're telling people in Idaho and in other places, faraway places, where every place is different.

They're telling them exactly what they're going to study. You don't need that. There should be a little coordination, like you have to learn English. You have to have some basic math, but what they were doing was terrible. And then what happened is it started getting into the whole cancel culture thing and all of the different things that you've been reading about, which is totally true. What they were doing, it's totally true.

You know, they tried to say with the Youngkin race, which was very good, which we helped him a lot. It would have been a big -- I'll tell you what. That would have been a terrible result if we didn't. But that was a good race, and people really saw what was happening with the schools. So, I think it's a great thing to get the heck out of Washington.

You know, some of these states do a great -- a terrific job. They can't move because of the federal government. They can't do what they want to do. And look at where we stand internationally. We spend three times more for education per student than any other country in the world, and we're in 38th place.

It's terrible. So, you give it back to the states, where the states -- and some of these states will do a fantastic job, not all of them. You have some that are badly run themselves. They're not going to do so well. But you'll have states that are doing a phenomenal job. They'll be doing a job like Norway, like Sweden.

I hate to say this, like China. You know, China has great education. They do a fantastic job. They're rated number three, and for a small fraction of the money that we spend per student because that's the only way you can judge it. We spend three times more than any other country. Take the second country.

We spend three times more. And some of these kids come out of school, they can't read or write, it's really bad.

But you exposed it also. I remember you long before I got this involved, I used to get great press. Remember, before I ran for politics, I guess that's how I got elected.

I was the Boy Wonder. I was getting great press. I mean, historically, I would get pretty good press. Long before that, you were hitting the press pretty hard. They were also hitting you pretty hard, and you realized it was unfair.

No, I said they're the enemy of the people. I came up with the fake news. And then one of the best of all names, they're fake news. But now I realize, it's not strong enough. They're really the corrupt news. They're very corrupt.

Deep, many, many years.

You pretty much have to -- look, when I got elected, I was only in Washington DC, 17 times, they say. I mean, I think it's about that right, but they did say. Of the 17, I never stayed overnight. And many of those times, were building a hotel, which is a beautiful hotel at the old Post Office, right, on Pennsylvania Avenue.

So, I was never here. I never was into the world of the Washington, D.C. All of a sudden, I'm president. And I rely on people. We had great people. We had some great people, and we had some bad choices, too. The answer is yes, we have to do that, and it can be absolutely done. But I realized, as time went by, and I got to know -- I went from knowing nobody to knowing just about everybody.

I know incredible people. And we did -- look, we rebuilt the military. We did so many different things that nobody -- including the vaccines, but we did so many things that nobody thought possible. You know, one, Right to Try, where the FDA is very slow with drugs. We got to cut in half, but still, if somebody is dying terminally ill, and we have something that's great, we now are able to give it to them because -- and it's working miracles, what's happening to people.

It's incredible saving lives, but we did so many things. But now, I know what's happening. I know so many people that are so great that are longing to come in with the same attitude that you have of changing it. Now, for 30 years, whether it's Bush and some of the Republicans are -- honestly, some of these RINO Republicans are worse than --

Mitch McConnell is a disaster. He's a total disaster. He gave up the debt ceiling for nothing. He just gave them the debt ceiling. He is a total disaster, Mitch. But when you take a look, the Republicans, we've had Bush, Clinton, Obama, and at that time many, many years of people being put into place.

They've been there for 30 years, 35 years, has to be cleaned out, has to be cleaned out.

And I had great GOP support. Let me tell you, we have some great people. As you know, Jim Jordan and so many, Jim Banks, we have a lot of great people, great people. Remember this on the impeachment hoax, number one, in Congress, I got 196 votes to nothing. Nobody's ever heard of that, especially with the Republican Party.

And with the Senate, other than Romney, who I lost a half a vote, I got 100% of the vote. We have some great support. We have great people, but we have to let them go to town, we have to let them go to town.

I don't think we have any -- we have to let the good ones do what they're doing. And I will say, and I've said it a lot, when I came into this job, I had two jobs, run the country and survive because I was investigated viciously from the day I came down the escalator with a very popular future First Lady.

But I came down the escalator in Trump Tower, and I was under investigation from that day, and I had to run the country and I had to survive. And despite the fact that I had to survive and did survive, we did more than any president, virtually any president, when you look at all of the things we could go through.

I'm so lengthy, including the rebuilding. And can you imagine? We rebuild our military and then they give $85 billion worth of that equipment to the Taliban, and they take the -- the generals move our military out before they take our citizens out.

It's been hurt very badly.

I call them the television generals. But remember this, I took over 100% of the caliphate, if you look at it, ISIS, the caliphate. I took over --

And I took down al-Baghdadi. You know who al-Baghdadi was? And that was from day one. I said the military is great. We have great generals, but not these television guys like Milley. We have great generals, and I know a lot of them. And by the way, they were so supportive of me. Do you ever see the list of the generals and admirals in support of President Trump? But we took out 100% of the ISIS caliphate, think of that, in Syria, in Iraq, and got al-Baghdadi and Soleimani and so many others.

And you know, the military is great, but the guys on television are terrible. Secretary of Defense, you take a look at what's happening over there. They made so many bad decisions. Think of this -- and don't believe that China, Russia, Kim Jong Un, Iran wasn't watching. When we surrendered in Afghanistan, it was like we surrendered to take the military out first and to leave American hostages.

It's probably thousands of them and to take hundreds of thousands of people out of Afghanistan. We had no idea who they were. There are many terrorists in that group. Only 3% of them, it now turns out, were qualified to leave. But to do that and to lose soldiers -- we lost 13, but badly, badly wounded, meaning no arms, no legs, 28 soldiers, and 250 people overall were killed.

This should have never happened. We had an understanding, I had with Abdul, he was the head, and he still is the head of the Taliban. In 18 months, not one American soldier was killed, and I wanted to get out more than anybody. You know that. I got it down to 2,500 soldiers. We were going to take everything out.

All the equipment was starting. And I said, "I don't want to leave a nail, a screw, a bolt, a tank, a plane." Everything comes out. Even the tents that we used as the hangars. They said, "Sir, it's cheaper to leave it." I said, "We're taking everything and we were going to keep Bagram," very important because Bagram bombed the other five places.

And I said, "Bomb them from air. Use it as practice." But we're keeping Bagram because it's right next to China, one hour away from where they make nuclear weapons. And to watch these people give up everything, and now China is occupying Bagram.

Yes, that's right.

Not even believable, by the way. Not even believable. And I'm going to tell you, there's a fly on your hair.

And you know what? The last time there was a fly in somebody's hair, didn't  so well.

I just saw a fly. Did you see that? You'll see it. And I said, "Do you know what? Get that fly off your hair."

So beautiful, the job. So beautiful.

So, we did a book, which has been selling like hotcakes, 150,000 in the first two weeks. And normally, a book like that won't sell to the same extent, you know, because they're waiting for the other book where I talk about a lot of stories. But I write about certain photos. And I did it really for a different reason.

It's so sad our country right now, I don't think we've ever been lower. And despite all of the witch hunts and the phony, Russia, Russia, Russia, impeachments, it was a beautiful time. We had the greatest economy in history. We then had the China virus come in, and then I rebuilt the economy. I really rebuilt it twice.

The second time harder than the first, but we had the greatest economy, the greatest everything. It was a glamor period. It was a beautiful period. And now, I see what's happening with energy, with inflation, with the military, with these clowns. And I said, "You know what? Let's put out a book talking about how beautiful it was because we're going to make it that way again."

And it's people like you that really -- you have done such an incredible job. You give people hope. It's so important because there are not a lot of people that understand that word hope. But you give people hope and you have for a long time. And I really commend you on it.

Thank you very much.

Thank you.