Well, with CNN, it's just like incredible. They just say anything. You know probably better than anybody, John. They'll say whatever comes to mind. They talk about the big lie. I said, well, prove the big lie. The big lie is not a big lie at all. It's the opposite. The big lie is the opposite. All the stats -- we have everything.

Unfortunately, we haven't had judges that want to look at it. They don't want to change elections, et cetera. But you show us it's a big lie. They will never be able to do that. And so, we sued CNN for a lot of money, and we'll see how that goes. I think it should go very well. And the other is just a continuation of the weaponization of the Justice Department and the FBI.

You know, if you look -- and you covered it brilliantly.

You look at the warehouses that the Bushes have, warehouses that are totally unsecured. One of them has a broken front door. You can walk in if you want, and this is where they have all their records. And you look at the $33,000, -- 30 -- think of this. 33,000 Hillary Clinton deleted emails. You look at what happened with her husband where they lost thousands and thousands of papers and documents, and that happened with Bush, too.

And you look at all of the complexities and what happened with Obama, and then they talk about us. I think we were the most secure place. You take a look at this. We were probably the most secure. So, it's a weaponization by the DOJ. And I think it's just something that has to stop. So, we -- uh, we fight that battle.

I think we're doing very well in that battle, and I think the public agrees with us because you know better than anybody, my poll numbers are higher now than they ever were. So, I think the public understands what's happening.

Energy started this whole disaster. And you take a look at energy with Ukraine, energy with -- almost everything involves energy. If you make donuts, if you make -- anything you make has to do -- and when they ended our energy -- we were energy independent. Think of this, we were energy independent. We were soon going to be energy dominant.

We would have been bigger than Saudi Arabia and Russia combined, and I won't say times two, but pretty close to times two. We were going to supply the world, and they just ended it. It was shocking -- the shock. And that caused -- that started the rise of inflation. It also gave Putin so much money -- because remember, we had it down to $40 a barrel.

When it went up to $130 a barrel, that war is very inexpensive by comparison to the kind of money he was taking in. So, that would have -- and that's another way of stopping it by the way. If you could get it down to $40 or $50 a barrel, he wouldn't be able to have the war. It would stop. Other than that, you'd have to talk to him, and you have to reason with him.

But that should have never ever happened.

The fake votes -- you know, I call them the fake votes start. That's the mail in ballots. We shouldn't have mail in ballots unless somebody is very, very sick or is military far away. We should go to paper ballots like they did in France. 36 million people. They had no disputes. They had no anything. There was paper ballots, and it was one day voting.

They didn't store them over there in the corner, and you see the boxes moving all over the place. They didn't do that. They should go to one day voting. They should go to paper ballots, and you would have elections that everybody could be proud of because right now this country is a laughing stock all over the world.

They're laughing at our stupid elections.