Hello.

Hello, Steve, how are you?

OK. Absolutely. Absolutely.

Oh, wow. Well, I guess I -- I got lucky by not doing it, right? But that's OK.

Are we going live, Steve? Are we, uh --

OK, fine.

Very good. Very good, Steve.

Well, first of all, the mandate is really hurting our country. Now that's advice to an administration more so than to the Americans. A lot of Americans aren't standing for it, and it's hurting our country. It's hurting our economy very badly. And being very -- the proud person that did so well with therapeutics and, and vaccines and everything else and getting them done in record times, you know, I -- I have a lot to say on the subject.

And one of the things I say is they have to start promoting and making the therapeutics more available, because we have great therapeutics, too, in addition to the vaccines.

But the therapeutics -- The vaccines, I recommend taking them, but I think that has to be an individual choice. I mean, it's got to be individual, but I recommend taking them. Many people recommend them. And if some people don't want, they shouldn't have to take them. They can't be mandated, as the expression goes.

And I think that's very important. Personally, I feel very comfortable having taken them. I've had absolutely no reverberation.

I think it's going to phase out. You know, there are many people that have had it, if you look at the numbers. I don't know why they would be getting the vaccine for the most part, unless they were at a certain age group and they had certain problems, whether it's the high blood pressure --

-- the diabetes and, you know, various things in particular. But, you know, we -- the administration has to start giving credit to people that had the China plague -- or call it whatever you want. But it came out of China, and it's a disaster for the world, to --

No, they can be. They can be. But generally speaking, it's not as bad.

No, I think it's an advantage, because otherwise they're going to do it again in '22 and '24. And Rounds is wrong on that, totally wrong. If you look at the numbers, if you look at the findings in Arizona, if you look at what's going on in Georgia, Pennsylvania and Wisconsin, by the way -- and take a look at Wisconsin -- they're finding things that nobody thought possible.

This was a corrupt election.

The ballots may correspond, but look at the ballots themselves. The number of ballots doesn't mean anything. It's who signed the ballots, where did the ballots come from. What you really have to do in that report is look at the findings. And the findings are devastating for Arizona. They're devastating like nobody's seen before --

-- and other states are just as bad.

Because they're RINOs, and frankly, a lot of people are questioning that. Why would they? They fought very hard, the Maricopa County people. And people don't understand it, because all you have to do is look at the findings. And, just so you know, some of those people went before Congress a short while ago, and they were grilled by Congressman Biggs.

You ought to take a look at their testimony. They weren't able to answer anything. He made them look like fools. They couldn't answer a thing. They got up and gave a beautiful statement. And then when it came time to ask, why this? Why that? What about these votes? What about those votes? They look like total fools.

It was too early to ask for fraud and to talk about fraud. Rudy said that, because of the fact it was very early with the -- because that was obviously at a very, very -- that was a long time ago. The things that have found out have more than bore out what people thought and what people felt and what people found.

When you look at Langhofer, I disagree with him as an attorney. I did not think he was a good attorney to hire. I don't know what his game is, but I will just say this: You look at the findings. You look at the number of votes. Go into Detroit and just ask yourself, is it true that there are more votes than there are voters?

Look at Pennsylvania. Look at Philadelphia. Is it true that there were far more votes than there were voters?

Gee, that's a pretty tough thing to --

That's a pretty tough problem.

Well, you take a look at it. You take a look at Detroit. In fact, they even had a hard time getting people to sign off on it because it was so out of balance. They called it out of balance. So you take a look at it. You know the real truth, Steve, and this election was a rigged election.

Because Mitch McConnell is a loser. And frankly, Mitch McConnell, if he were on the other side and if Schumer were put in his position, he would have been fighting this like you've never seen before. He would have been fighting this, because when you look at it, and this is long -- is a long way from over.

You take a look at what's going on now in Pennsylvania. Take a look at what's going on in Wisconsin. You just take a look. Now, we had a lot of cases where the judges wouldn't hear him. We had a case in Nevada that was so good. You read the papers. It's impossible. The judge refused to even listen to it. We had many cases.

In fact, they say, and I can't testify because it's been through a lot of systems, a lot of different systems. But they say, and they say very strongly, the judges just -- nobody's really gotten a chance to look. Look at the United States Supreme Court. They refused to hear the case. And you had, I guess, 19 states suing --

Well, yeah, no standing, I know, no standing. And the president of the United States supposedly didn't have standing, either. So I wanted to file it myself. They said, "Sir, you don't have standing." I said, "Wait a minute. I'm the president of the United States. They just rigged an election." Hundreds of thousands of votes in different states.

They just rigged an election. We got -- we got a number of votes that, I think you'll agree -- no sitting president has ever gotten the number of votes that I got. No sitting president has ever gotten --

No sitting president. Do you -- I -- nobody believes. You think Biden got 80 million votes? Because I don't believe it.

You mean he got them sitting in his basement. He got 80 -- how come he couldn't -- then how come Biden --

Let me ask you this question. How come Biden couldn't attract 20 people for a crowd? How come when he went to speak in different locations, nobody came to watch, but all of a sudden he got 80 million votes? Nobody believes that, Steve. Nobody believes that.

They are going to do whatever they want to do -- whatever they have to do, they're going to do. But the ones that are smart -- the ones that know, you take a look at. Again, you take a look at how Kari Lake is doing, running for governor. She's very big on this issue. She's leading by a lot. People have no idea how big this issue is, and they don't want it to happen again.

It shouldn't be allowed to happen, and they don't want it to happen again.

And the only way it's not going to happen again is you have to solve the problem of the presidential rigged election of 2020.

So Steve, thank you very much. I appreciate it.