You just sit, you guys.

Well, that's all they know how to do. That's all they're good at is shenanigans. And I think that it possibly will be him. I would have said almost definitely. I find it hard to believe. He's the worst president in history. He's the worst. He's making Jimmy Carter look like a genius. Jimmy Carter may be the happiest man around today.

He's -- he's an elderly gentleman right now, but he's a very happy man because he looks brilliant by comparison to what's happening to our country right now. But I think it's going to be him.

It looks like him.

Right. Right.

Well, I don't want to do anything to influence because, you know, anything I say they're going to do the opposite and they're going to think it's a chess game. And you know --

-- And when you get and when you get right down to it, it's a chess game, right? I'd love to run against Biden. I think I did great against him when I ran. I don't know, you know, your show is great and I know your opinions on things, but what went on in that election is disgraceful. But I think that it's probably, if I had a choice, I would pick him and I would pick Kamala second.

I would say she's right there. It looks like he's not going to be able to get rid of her. So in a certain way, you could say she's running also much more strongly than a normal Vice President would be running. And that's OK. Some people say you campaign against her because people don't want her and they say it's very hard to take her out of the equation.

I don't know if that's true or not, but that's what they're saying. I would say that if I had my choice, I'd love to run against him. I got 75 million votes that they say. That's what they say, but I think it was many, many more votes. We have a very, very third world elections. You see that up in Connecticut this weekend --

-- These last few days and it happened again last night. They found a lot of improprieties, to use a nice word --

So the two biggest questions I get is how do you take it and the second is, will it happen again? Meaning the cheating, and the cheating is massive. We got caught with COVID. And again, you know, I was somebody that ran very, very hard. I did seven rallies on the final day. Seven, and they were all big rallies.

They weren't small ones, they were big ones, started at 9:00 in the morning and we finished finish up at 4:00 in the morning. 4:00 in the morning, and all over the place. I went from Florida to Iowa, I went from 81 degrees to 2 degrees below zero. That's pretty tough.

No, no, and you know, honestly that's -- if you look at it, that's called pneumonia time. When you go from 81 or 82 to 2 degrees below 0 at late in the evening, that's a -- that's a -- you're covering a lot of territory, and I did a great job. And we got votes like nobody's ever -- no -- no sitting president has ever gotten anywhere near that number of votes.

And I felt I could go home and I would watch a fair election and I went home and it looked really good and then around 10:00 in the evening, all of a sudden they started finding lots of ballots and started things started changing. And then at 3:02 in the morning, things happened that were really, really bad.

So you know, we did great against him and I believe we won by a tremendous amount and we have proof of it and we're releasing the proof and you'll see the proof. It will come up a lot over the next period of a few months. And I think it's very important for people to know, you know, we have -- in Alabama, we had a man that was very strong, Mo Brooks.

And then he went -- he thought he was going to go political. I think he hired John McCain or Mitt Romney's consultants and they say, forget about the election. Forget about it. And he forgot about it and he went from a 54 point lead in a period of about 24 hours to losing to being in third place and Katie Britt ended up winning.

I endorsed her and she ended up winning. So it's a very important issue. You have to learn from history, but I went home and I thought I did a great job and I thought I'd enjoy watching it on television, and I did until around 10:00 in the evening. Then I said what's going on here? It was crazy and you know, we have to have strong borders and we have to have fair elections.

And if we don't have fair elections and strong borders and some other things, too, but maybe they're the most important things. We have to have borders and we have to have elections that are great.

-- Right --

Right.

But I talked to you on occasion.

-- Mr. CIA?

-- Mr. CIA --

I thought he was great. Yep, he was -- he would be very good.

By the way, you would be very good.

Go ahead.

So the saddest thing is that it would have never happened under a Trump administration. Ukraine was not going to happen, and it didn't happen. You know, for four years, he didn't -- he doesn't change and he's somebody that wants to get things done the way he wants them. And I knew him very well. I got along with him very well.

We had a very good relationship, but -- and in fact, you know, the whole Russia thing was a hoax and it made it really harder to get along with Putin and Russia. And what they did was really treasonous, if you think about it, because you could end up in a war. If we had different people, maybe a different guy than him and a different guy than me, you could have ended up in a war because of the Russian hoax.

And it was a total hoax, and that's been proven. But the sad thing is it would have never happened and it didn't happen. The same thing with Israel. That would have never -- they would have never been attacked for simple reason that Iran was broke. I told China, if you buy any oil, any from Iran, and that's where they made all of their money, a lot of money, they have a lot of oil, you're not going to do any business in the United States and we're going to also tear off you at 100 percent, anything that does come through.

I said the same thing to India. I said the same thing to many countries and literally nobody bought. And they were broke. And if you remember, in fact you guys covered it very well in a different position you were in, frankly, but you both covered it very well. They didn't have money for Hamas, they didn't have money for Hezbollah, they didn't have money for any of these terrorist groups.

And during my four years, we had no terrorism, none. And I didn't want to talk about -- I couldn't talk about it because I don't want to say it and -- like what happened to them. They started talking about it --

-- You jinxed it --

-- And I did destroy ISIS. Right.

I destroyed him in four months and people said you couldn't do it in four years. We have great -- you know, we have great military and we have great generals, not the idiots you see on television. We have some great generals. I could go over -- we'll do a second show on some of the people, but we knocked out ISIS way, way, way fast.

Nobody thought it would even be possible. And by the way, I had it down to 99 percent. I said, OK, let's get out of there, and the fake news started hitting me. Why don't you do the rest? I said all right do the rest and they did the rest in about two minutes.

Yeah.

-- Yeah --

It did. A lot of things struck me. First of all, the level of ferocity and the level of hatred and also the inhumanity nobody's ever seen. 42 babies had their heads cut off. It's not even reported, really because I think it's so gross and so horrible that people, maybe correctly, don't want to report it. But maybe it's a better thing that they do because, you know, I look at what's going on now and it seems like that's one part of the equation that nobody's talking about anymore.

You know, they're not talking about when --

They're trying to. Not only some of them, a lot of them. And Biden now is trying to be neutral.

Biden doesn't really --

Yeah, I think they have a lot of problems. It's -- you know, Israel was the strongest, let's call it a lobby, the strongest lobby that you had in the country 15 years ago. Today, it's almost like if you defend Israel, you're going to have some problems. When I watch AOC plus three --

-- Or when I watch this Tlaib get up and just absolutely -- what she said. If I would have said that, I said peacefully and patriotically, right, look at me, look at -- look at the things I said, how nice they were, how good. Go home. Our police and law enforcement, they love you, they cherish you. You know, the things I said.

If I would have said what they said, nobody -- nobody can believe what she's been saying. Now see, she got censured, but not such a big deal. What she said, if that were coming out of my mouth, I would have been excoriated or a Republican generally, me more so than most.

So I think that, first of all, we had the strongest border in history three years ago. Think of it. We went from the strongest border to the weakest border anywhere in the world, in my opinion. There has never been anything like it in the world. I don't care what country, third world country, I would always say they use sticks and stones.

They wouldn't let this happen to a country. And I believe the number is 15 million people by the end of that term. The way they're coming in, you know, they have the largest caravans anyone's ever seen walking as we -- as we speak.

Right now. They have the largest caravan, anybody's ever seen coming through Mexico and just going to pour right into our country. And as you know, and I say it all the time, and I'll be saying it tonight in Hialeah -- and we're going to have a big crowd. We're going to have 35, 40,000 people. Here I am. It shows my respect for you.

I'm going and I'm supposed to be getting ready for -- going down and I'm talking to you guys and you guys say how about saying another 25 minutes? And we're jokingly saying do you think Biden would do a 45 minute interview?

Well, part of the reason we have this tremendous, they say Trump Derangement Syndrome, whatever it is, and she's one of the type -- top purveyors of it, to be honest with you, but she was expected to win. The Democrats were expected to win the election. They didn't even know they'd be running against -- long before I got it, they would -- they were expected to easily win.

They do have an advantage. You know, they start off with 38 points. People say how come Biden is up at 38, 37, 32? Because they start off with a big group of people. You know who the people are, and I think we're actually taking a lot of those people, but the Republicans don't. But no, she's -- she's deranged.

She's got -- she's never gotten over it and the party's never gotten over it, frankly, and that's why they hit me so hard. And now we're winning by a lot.

Multiple indictments. And beyond indictments, even civil cases. They want to keep me so busy they want to keep me in courthouses. This never happened in this country before. It happens in other countries, third world countries, banana republics. Never happened in this country before and now people are seeing -- and so far it's been backfiring because I went up -- I'm the only person probably that ever got indicted who went up very substantially in the polls immediately upon the announcement of the indictment.

And that's because I can go on your show. I can talk to you guys about it. I can go on other shows if I have to, I can get the word out. A normal politician would be destroyed. They got indicted they would leave, they would immediately announce they're going back to their family. That would be it. So, so far it hasn't worked out, but it should never be done and they're opening a Pandora's box because it can happen the other way, too.

Sounds like a very good deal.

Well, I actually think they're capable of anything. I never thought that as a president who was a popular president, again, I got more votes even with their numbers, which were frankly not correct. But -- I'm being nice when I say that. But I got more votes than any other sitting president. That's a popular president.

And we did a good job with the taxes, with everything, with the military, with no wars, we didn't start any wars. We rebuilt our military. So much -- best job numbers, best economy we've ever had, no inflation, energy independent, going to be energy dominant. We would have been in six months the most dominant energy source in the world that the world has ever seen.

And boom it was all stopped and that's what started inflation. So I was very popular. I was always of the opinion that a thing like this couldn't happen. In other words, you protect your former presidents. It's -- you know, it's a terrible thing to go after a former president, other than if you're in a banana republic.

It's a terrible thing.

And a possible -- yeah, it's possible.

I don't know -- I don't --

-- I don't want to say -- yeah, I don't want to say about benefit because I don't want to predict that, but would I -- would they -- if they could, I think they would do it. Yeah, I think it's not beyond them. I think these are very deranged and angry people.

Well, a lot of crazy things have happened over the last period of time. And number one, I won the election that people said couldn't happen. You know, in the history of elections, presidential, 93 percent have been politicians, 7 percent have been generals and there's never been sort of an outsider. I guess I was the ultimate outsider.

So you know, a lot of things have happened and we did a great job and it could happen again for somebody, although when they see what I go through, I've had a lot of successful people say wow, at first when you did it, I think, you know, they -- they sort of said, I wish I could have done that. But now a lot of people that are very successful would not do it.

It's possible. Look, some of them I like a lot. Some of them are running. I happen to have a couple of them that are very friendly. They -- well, you could look at some say I was the best president in a generation --

He has said it. A couple of others have said it, too. Nikki Haley actually said he was a great president. I would never run against him. He was a great, great president. The best president in 100 years. And then you know, three months later, "I will be running against the president." So you know these are politicians.

It's one of those things. Yeah, I respect a number of them and some I have no respect. I mean, what is this guy Asa Hutchinson doing? He's at zero and he keeps running. And I thought he was out because he didn't make the last debate or the first debate and he's still in there and I probably didn't make this debate either, right?

But he's still in there. What's he doing?

Maybe to get a job. He's a guy that is very angry that I didn't give him a job because I didn't trust him. But he's -- that's his only problem, by the way. He really wanted to be a certain position and I just didn't want to do it. I didn't feel he was trustworthy, and I'm right about that. He's very deranged and he's making a fool out of himself.

He's at less than 2 percent now. He's doing very poorly. Hutchinson is doing horribly. Governor of North Dakota is actually a very capable guy, but he's not getting his message across at all. You know, he's made some money. He's successful, good guy. He is a very good guy, always supported me, by the way.

In two elections, I always had his endorsement and his support and probably will again because, you know, he doesn't seem to be making  started off on a pretty good foot, but he's having a hard time, and I think he'll probably support me if he gets out when he gets out. But if you look at the States, I'm doing great in Iowa, I'm doing great in New Hampshire, I'm doing great in South -- you know, winning by like 40 points.

Well, we had the Washington Post poll a week before and that one had us up at 11. They actually started off at 9, then they had to change it to 10.

That's right. They said this must be an outlier, right, to be exact. This must be an outlier. How would you like to spend $1 million on a poll and get the results, not like them, and call it an outlier?

Oh, wow.

Well, first of all, you know, I did my first, you could call it counter-programming, but I won't call it that, but Tucker wanted to do an interview during the first debate and I think you know because this is what your business is, we broke every record --

-- In history, yeah. I think it just hit over 300 million people, but it was for that evening over 207 million. It then got to 275 within a day or two. And the biggest ever was Oprah's interview with Michael Jackson, which was 125 million. So we almost doubled it. Now, who would have thought that was going to happen?

The debate, the last debate they had had the lowest audience in the history of presidential debates. I don't know if you know it. And I think the one tonight is not -- it's on tonight and I don't even talk about it.

I like Tucker a lot. I guess I would. I think I'd say I would because he's got great common sense. You know, when they say that you guys are conservative or I'm conservative, it's not that we're conservative. We have common sense. We want to have safe borders. We want to have a wall because walls work. You know what when I used to say about walls, I'd say wheels and walls.

Everything changes. The computer that you have in front of you in about a month from now will be totally obsolete. Right now, you have the finest equipment in the world and in about a month from now, that equipment will be obsolete. The only two things for centuries that's not obsolete are wheels and walls, right?

So no, when you think about it, right, wheels -- a wheel will always be a wheel. It's never going to change. And a wall will always be a wall.

No, no walls work. Remember when they were saying walls don't work.

Remember? Walls --

Yeah. He does. And by the way, there are a lot of other walls. Nancy Pelosi has a wall, also. And if she didn't have a wall -- of course it didn't work that well with respect to the husband. But you know, generally speaking, it would work.

Well, I went to Atlanta --

Yeah, I'll give it to you. One take. I went to Atlanta and I was greeted by a sheriff who was really very nice and he was apologetic for having to do it. And we walked into a building. A lot of police and they were so nice waving to me and everything else. It was a little -- a little interesting and they said, "Sir, are you ready?? I said, "For what?" "We're going to take a photo of you." And it was a camera in the ceiling.

I said, "OK, where is it?" "It's up in the ceiling." And I looked at the ceiling. "Ready, sir?" "Yeah." Boom, and they didn't do two, three, four, five. And when I saw it, which was sent to us a few hours later, when I saw the picture, I couldn't believe it. I said it's actually a decent picture. It's a good picture.

It's maybe -- they were all saying this is an iconic picture. This was something that was very unusual. I figured it would be a horrible --

I thought it was going to be a horrible picture, but it was a pretty cool.

Well, we can. We have the greatest economy in history and now we have a bad economy and inflation has destroyed it. And anything they do have, it's just the fumes of -- from what we left because we left the best numbers that anybody's ever seen. And -- and we -- as -- acknowledged to be the greatest economy in history.

I'm the president with the greatest economy. And we were also very safe. We had security, we had everything going, but we're going to bring back energy and we're going to get energy down. It's very expensive. It's $5, $5, and even in California, it's $8.09 today for a tank -- for a gallon of gasoline, we're going to get that way down.

We're going to bring energy way down, that's going to bring other things down. We're going to get rid of inflation, we're going to lower interest rates, you're going to be able to buy a house again and we will get this going so incredibly well. We're going to strengthen the border -- not strengthen it, it's so weak now.

We're going to make it really like I had it if not stronger. You know, he likes to go to the beach. If he just went to the beach when he came in, just went to the beach every single day, he inherited the strongest border we've ever had and now we have the worst. He inherited the greatest economy ever, especially pre-COVID. But then I got it back to a point where the stock market was higher than when COVID first came in.

-- Nobody can even believe it. The recovery was incredible what we did in just a short period of time. And he inherited all of these things. I rebuilt the military. We did so much and if he just would have gone to the beach every day -- because somebody in his group, you know, one of these consultants likes him on the beach.

I don't particularly think it looks very good.

I don't think -- and when he can't lift one of those chairs that weighs six ounces at any -- made for anybody to lift.

Right.

Yeah, I got impeached for that and it turned out I was 100 percent right. Everyone says boy, that was terrible because Trump was right. I was right. You know they do have a hat says Trump was right about everything. We were right, sort of, about everything. But we were right about that. And you know, when I got indicted it was a whole new ball game for me. I now, out of respect for the office of the president before the indictment, I treated him much differently than I treat him now.

I treated him with a certain degree of respect. I treated him as an opponent. Now, I treat him, and very truthful, he's the worst president we've ever had. He's grossly incompetent. He has no idea what's going on and he's totally corrupt. I wouldn't have said those things before, but they basically opened a Pandora's box, which by the way can come back to hit and really hit them hard.

So I think they should have Hunter there. I think Hunter will be unable to answer the questions. And I think, frankly, they should call Joe Biden, also.

Yeah, right.

-- Is that right --

-- Isn't that terrible?

Well, it's a two way street. It's -- when this happens, and one of the things I hated so much, this is now going to be maybe standard fare, maybe. And maybe it won't be. You know, if you pick the right people at the top, and we had some great people. You know we talk about people that I didn't like, but we had some great people that did a fantastic job.

All of the things we did, you know, rebuilding the military, all the things we did, we had some unbelievable people in the administration. But it does start from the top of a big agency, whether it's DOJ or FBI. You pick the right people, you have to get the right ones and when you get it right, it's beautiful.

Most of our agencies were phenomenal, the job they did. Environmental as an example. The environmental didn't stop us, and yet we were very environmentally friendly, but it didn't stop us from doing things that were incredible. You know, we didn't -- it wasn't a bottleneck. They just used it for a bottleneck.

I used it to have clean air, clean water, and let's get the job done and let's produce a lot of jobs. But we have to get the right people. But when it comes to the weaponization, that's a very dangerous game they're playing because if I win, I can say, well, you know, there's a Democrat that's really doing well against me, Mr. Attorney General, make sure you indict him because you can indict anybody for anything.

You can walk across the street the wrong way and you can get indicted, and it's a shame. It's a shame and they've opened a box that should never have been opened. And on nonsense, they say I challenged the election. Of course I did. It was a corrupt election, but I challenge it, but they all challenge the election in 2016. I mean, almost every Democrat Congressman and Senator challenged the election in 2016. But when we challenge it, they open a box where you get indicted over it, and that's a very dangerous thing for them but it's a very bad thing and dangerous thing for our country.

Yes, absolutely. They were treated horribly. And it's very interesting. When I see that very expensive fence that I built in front of the White House, you know, we built that, we rebuilt it, it's made of titanium and it's really -- when I see that being damaged by these people, that's the White House. You have the Capitol?

-- Let's see what happens to those peaceful protesters about the damage that they're doing to the White House and areas around the White House, because we have people put in jail for five, six, seven years who didn't do anything wrong. And yes, that will happen very quickly.

Well, I'd love to, but I wish they had it when I testified. You know, now it's going to be perhaps a little bit less exciting. It's very sad to watch my daughter be dragged along by that attorney general, who's just a disgraceful person. Disgraceful.

Thank you very much, fellas.