Hi, Todd, it's been a little while, but not too long, but it's great to be with you. Thanks, Todd.

Well, I'm honored by it. I just, uh, poll just came out. I'm 25 points up on Ron in Florida, and you know, they like him in Florida. I got him elected, in all fairness. I have to say that. But most people know that. But, uh, Florida, we're doing great. We're doing great everywhere. People want to have our country back.

We're losing our country . And we had a great border. We had a great military. We had -- we would have never had that horrible situation that took place in Afghanistan, which I think gave Putin sort of a calling card to go in and do what he wanted to do. He would have never done it if I were there. So many things they want back.

They want to have energy independence, even energy dominance, which is what would have happened and what will happen again, and we can do that quickly. And they want to have a border. Our border is horrible. They want to continue with the low taxes. You know, I cut taxes, as you know, more than Ronald Reagan even.

And he -- he had the biggest cut. I now have the biggest cut of all and all of these things that we did, and they want to go back to it.

Yeah, well, they see that and I think, you know, we are also though very well represented with young people. You know, I find that there seems to be a thing out there, Todd, and it seems to be quite strong that, uh, you know, you don't have any Republican or conservative kids. I think you got a lot of them.

They don't talk up as much, but when they talk, people listen, and it's very interesting. But no, they teach a lot of bad things in schools. They teach some really bad, some really bad philosophies. They teach some really bad ideas and then you have, you know, guys being allowed to compete in against the women in sports.

And it's just crazy what's going on. It's just nobody would have ever thought what we're talking about today, parental rights, they want to give parental rights. They always had parental rights. We, you know, parental rights, how basic can you get. But now they're talking about -- it's a big subject. Will we give parental rights back?

It's crazy what -- what's -- what's happening today, absolutely.

Well, I would end it. And you know, women agree with me. It's not like, gee, this is a -- a very strong position. No, I would end it. You can't have that. It's unfair. You see the records that are getting broken. They're being broken by numbers that would not be possible and nobody ever thought possible.

I would not allow men to play in women's sports. And I think it's very demeaning to women. It's extremely demeaning to women.

Well, I wish him a lot of luck. He's a nice person. We had a very good relationship, until the very end. We had a very strong nice relationship, until the very end. I wish he would have put the -- the votes back to the legislatures and legislators, also. But I wish they would have gone back to the legislatures.

I think you might have seen a different story. I actually think you would have seen a different story. So, I wish you would have done that. We disagreed on that. I think I was right. I know I was right because after it was done, they went and changed the law, so the vice president couldn't do it. You know, they had a big thing, Todd.

You know that about the vice president has no choice. He has to do it. I said I disagree with that and then it turned out I was right because as soon as it was all over, they went out and changed the laws saying that the vice president did, in fact, have the right to do it and that's why they changed it, so that he couldn't do it. So, we disagreed on that last moment in time.

We, uh, on -- on that very issue. And I wish he -- I wish he did that and I think he'd be way up. I think he'd be doing much better in the polls. He possibly wouldn't. Uh, frankly, he wouldn't be running. He wouldn't be running, right now. I think there would have been a different result.

Well, a little bit. Remember one thing, a running mate is very important. It's always important because if, you know, if something happens with the president, so it's always very important. You can never belittle it. But in terms of getting elected, I've seen so many races where such a big deal was the vice president, but the vice president never really helps too much.

It's all about the person at top; it's really about the president. So from an election standpoint, that's the way it is. From a practical standpoint, it's very important, especially should something happen where there has to be a replacement. So, uh, you know, and so it is a very important decision. We have some great people in the party and we'll do the right thing.

We'll pick the best person and, actually, a lot of people think people are running for that reason. But we'll see if that's the reason. We are doing very well in the polls. We're way up. We have a 40 and 50 point lead in many instances. And very importantly, we're beating Biden by a lot. We're beating him by a lot.

Much more than DeSantis is beating him by -- we're beating Biden by a lot.

You know, I don't know, I like -- I don't like saying anything is like impossible, but it's pretty unlikely, I would think. It's, you know, I endorsed him, I got him elected and then he, uh, he did this. I was very surprised that he did. Without that, it would have been a distinct possibility. And people are getting to know him.

And I will let you talk about whether or not they like him, but he certainly has gone down a lot in the polls, and I've gone way up. And we now have a very commanding lead. But you know, leads can be broken. I've seen many times the leads get broken, but I think we're doing very well. There's tremendous enthusiasm.

We have rallies coming up where there -- I mean, we're going to have 40 or 50,000 people at rallies, as big or bigger than ever before. There's more of a thirst for getting back to where we were. We had -- think of it, low taxes. We had the strongest border in history. We had the lowest regulations in history.

We had -- everything we had was the best. We had everything; our military was strong. You would have never had Afghanistan because I was getting out, you know, I brought it down. We were getting out, but we would have gotten out with -- with tremendous strength, and -- and it was amazing. And we wouldn't have left $ 85 billion worth of equipment behind.

and we wouldn't have had 13 soldiers killed. And we wouldn't have had American citizens being left behind. You know, we have hundreds, maybe more, but hundreds of American citizens that are stuck in Afghanistan. The way we left, we brought our military out first. It was so badly handled. So, you know, so many things.

People want to get back to what we had. We had the greatest economy in history and they want to get back to it.

Uh, we're going to bring it, and we're going to bring it fast. You know, DeSantis said, oh, eight years. I said, you don't need eight years, you need six months and maybe a lot less than that. We had the strongest border in the history of our country. Now we have the worst border in the history of the world.

Millions and millions of people are falling into just being thrown into our country. And you know what? Uh, we don't know anything about them. They come from mental institutions. They come from jails, they're prisoners, they're insane asylums. People say, please don't use that word. It's a tough word, two words.

But they come from insane asylums. They come from all over and people don't know where are they coming from. We have hundreds of -- we have 129 countries -- people pouring into our country from 129 different countries. Prisons are being emptied. Mental institutions are being emptied, and they're being sent to the United States.

People that work in mental institutions are being laid off at other countries now because there are no people; they're in the United States. They've -- they've let them come into the United States; they've forced them in. And this is what this man is letting happen. They're trying to destroy our country and we can't let it happen, Todd.

Yeah, absolutely, we have no choice. We start with the bad ones and, you know, the good thing is the local police departments know who they are. They know everything. The police have been just treated so badly. You know, they're afraid they'll lose their job, they'll lose everything, if they speak even a little bit harshly.

Now the police know who they are, we're going to get them out. We're going to get the bad ones out, immediately, and we're going to do it through ICE. You know ICE, we're going to have many more ICE. We're going to hire ICE; we're going to hire border patrol. These are incredible people, but we're going to have a -- we will have a strong border like we had before.

We had the strongest -- I built hundreds of miles of wall. We were adding more than I even projected because we had some areas that were, you know, when you build the wall, they go to different areas sort of like water and they go to different areas. And we're building -- we build hundreds of miles of wall, we're adding more.

And then we had a horrible, disgusting, disgraceful election that took place. And so many -- think of it, you wouldn't have all the dead people in Ukraine. You wouldn't have -- you wouldn't -- you wouldn't have inflation, right now. We wouldn't have had inflation. Inflation was caused by energy. We were energy independent.

We were becoming energy dominant. We would have made a fortune with energy; I call it liquid gold. It's right under our feet. We have more than any other country. We would have been selling it to Europe. We would have been paying off debt. We would have been reducing debt and reducing taxes for people and instead, we're begging for energy.

And I see that energy prices have spiked very big, today, for I guess, certain reasons. But who knows?

Well, I can just say this, they did go in and they saw him and they said very unfair. No other president has ever been charged with anything like this. Hillary Clinton deleted 33,000 emails, Bill Clinton -- and she not only deleted them, she -- they call it bleach washed and she did things to them that nobody ever even heard of. They hammered their cell phones.

You remember that case, Todd.

I mean, the cell phones were hammered. The -- the -- all of the emails were deleted, 33,000 of them. Many were classified. Bill Clinton won a court case in front of a federal judge, a respected federal judge, tough federal judge, saying that he was allowed to do it. Many other presidents, likewise, nobody was charged or prosecuted.

And Biden has 1,850 boxes, some of them from Chinatown, in Chinatown, where supposedly, China's been paying them money. But they have 1,850 boxes that he doesn't want looked at. And they're saying, how come they always go after Trump? Same thing with Russia, Russia, Russia, they go after me, the fake dossier.

They go after me, and then it turns out to be all fake stuff. They're fake stories, and it's really a disgrace. They do a Russia, Russia, Russia, then they try and get you on obstruction. They give you a fake deal. They give you a fake -- think of it, they give you a fake scenario and then they get you on -- they try and get you on obstruction.

In other words, obstruction of justice. They create a phony, fake, illegal situation and they try and -- and you fight it because you know it's phony and fake, and then they try and get you on obstruction of justice. We're living in a very dangerous time.

-- So hopefully, the Justice Department won't succumb.

-- It's so sad that they -- it's so sad.

I don't know. They would -- they've never done it before. If they do, I think my poll numbers are going to go up I guess, because the people get it, you know.

The people in the country get it. Nobody's ever been charged with poll numbers go up, but the people in this country get it. Uh, and they have one in Georgia where I made a perfect phone call protesting the election and all of a sudden, they say, oh, is that, you know, some -- they made up some term for that, and that's another beauty.

So you know, it's really unfair, but the people get it, they see it happening and it makes you more popular. They really -- they want back what we had. No, this is a terrible thing that, you know, what it's really called uh, it's influencing the election, it's called election interference --

-- what they're doing. And you know, I'm way up on Biden, I'm way up on DeSantis. They don't care about DeSantis, but they care about Biden. And they want to run against anybody but me. Don't forget, when they say we want to run against Trump, that's the party of disinformation. They say they want to run against Trump because they don't want to run against Trump.

It's just like the open borders. They want open borders. Who wants open borders? Who wants no voter ID. These people, it's like April Fool's Day. Everything they do, it's like April Fool's Day, it's the opposite. But they don't want to run against me. But what they say is, oh, we want to run against Trump.

Hey, they're good at that. If they spent the same genius on straightening out our country, we'd have a much different country, right now.

-- That's a great idea. We'll think about that, in terms of Memphis. Uh, we'll be holding rallies all over. We have a lot of rallies scheduled, and we'll be doing them as we get a little bit on starting probably in about three weeks. In the meantime, I just got back from Iowa, I just got back from Tennessee.

Just got back -- we have great support in Tennessee, as you know. The Senators, both Senators, great Senators and just about every Congressman endorsed us. So, we have great support in Tennessee. I love Tennessee.

Oh, you're right. I will do that. People have been asking for that. You're right, there's never been a better time for the snake, right now.

This is the best time, with all the people. I think the number is going to be 15 million people by the end of this year, OK? That's higher than you heard. I think that's what the number is going to be.

I call it going down an ice skating rink. I've never seen it -- it was pouring and it was slick metal, just shiny, no -- no grooves, no nothing. I was amazed I was able to. I was -- I was getting ready to run it. I should have just run it or taken off my shoes and run it, but I had the general waiting. I said, General, I may grab on to you because that was the slippery, that was like an ice skating rink.

I said whoever set that up, I think it was a booby trap. It must have been set up by the Democrats.

-- We didn't fall; we don't fall.

Thank you, Todd. I'll see you soon. Thanks a lot, Todd. Great show.