Absolutely. Whatever you want.

OK.

Oh, that's not good.

-- That's not good --

Well, it's a special place, David. It's got tremendous energy. It's got great people. You know when you hear a World Trade Center, two 110 story buildings coming down and, within a few months, it was terrible loss of life, billions and billions and probably trillions of damage. And yet, within a few months the city was boom, boom, boom and rebuilding again and it's just got a great energy and just great people.

Well, I pay a lot of tax, I can tell you that.

And you know many, many, many millions of dollars and I'm happy to do it. What I do think is that I would like to see the money spent more wisely. When I build a project or when I do anything I do, I have budgets and I have costs and I have places where I want to spend the money. I want to spend the money here.

I want to spend the money there and it's very exacting. And when I look at this country, we don't know what we're doing. We have a $15 trillion, which is really going to be soon $16 trillion deficit. The money is going out on all sides. And you know, when they talk about raising taxes, do I mind raising?

I don't mind anything as long as they can get their expenses under control, which they haven't been able to do and the country is really in trouble. Big trouble.

Well, I looked into the possibility of doing it and I was leading in the polls. I was leading in all the polls and, in fact, when I decided not to do it because between NBC and everybody else that was putting tremendous pressure to do the show, The Apprentice, to do all of the different things I'm doing and buying Doral and buying lots of other things, I have a lot of life.

And to be -- to be honest --

-- Well, it's a bunch of --

-- But I loved running. And you know, when you're a businessman, especially when you're a big businessman, it's very hard to sort of give up your life and give up everything you've been doing. When you're a politician, you run for office, you lose or you win.Then you go into the next one. You lose or you win.

Especially when I got to the top of the polls. I was getting articles that were unbelievable that had nothing to do with the truth and they're just writing stuff and you have your people call the reporter because at this point you realize the reporter is so dishonest. You have the right people call and they don't really want to hear the truth.

And you know, it's very interesting where the public they do polls and the -- the public is not a big believer in the press, which tells you the public is really pretty smart. But certain things were said, it's not even relevant, but they were so dishonest and knowingly dishonest. So being a politician is not easy.

And when you do well with it, it's certainly not easy.

Well, it's a really fair question. It's a tough question because you have so many different things. Do you spend here and not spend there? First of all, we have to take care of our people and we have to take care of this country. And the country really isn't being taken care of right now because we're going to become a not so great country in the not too distant future.

And some people would say we've already hit that number.

They do, but I would like to see ours continue to rise or at least stay the same and not go in the wrong direction. And you know, when they talk about Medicare, when they talk about Social Security, when they talk about lots of good things, positive things, that's great, but you have to have a country that's a wealthy country.

You can't have a country that's a poor country. We're a debtor nation. We borrow money from China and other places to stay afloat. There's no reason for that. We have unbelievable potential if we knew how to use it, and we don't know how to use it.

Well, he was. He was a builder in Brooklyn and Queens, primarily, and I learned a lot from my father. He was a really good builder, knew how to build on time, on budget. He got it done.

That's right. You don't see it often nowadays when you look at what goes on.

But he was really a wonderful guy and a wonderful mentor and he was also potentially a very good golfer. He was very interesting. He didn't play golf, but I remember playing with him once we went out to a public course in Queens called Forest Park and I had never played. But what I remembered about him was he was very talented.

I mean, he probably played 10 rounds of golf in his life, but he had a great swing and he could have really been a good golfer if he played. But he didn't play. But I was impressed by his game.

I did and I was actually going to high school and I'd help him. But when I was in college, I went out to Cincinnati, Ohio, I worked out there on a certain job called Swifton Village and I turned it around. I really did a good job and it was sort of over the summer, but I worked very hard and I loved it. I loved real estate from the beginning.

I like taking something and, if it's a sick puppy, that's good because I make it better.

Right, The Wharton School of Finance.

No.

Well, I guess maybe you're born with something, but a Wharton is a great school. I think it's probably the best school, probably the hardest school to get into. It was sort of interesting because a lot of the people that are the big successes today, they went to Wharton and you competed against them at a young age and you felt you did very well against them and it gives you a little confidence.

Almost more than what you learn, it gives you confidence to win. Winning is a wonderful thing, but it gives you confidence to win.

Well, I've watched and I've studied that word for many years and in the end it's really your own happiness because I know many people that are very, very successful, friends, enemies very, very successful and in some cases they're extremely unhappy. Then I know people that aren't successful or are not very successful and they are happy.

They have a great family. They have, you know, they just -- in my opinion, they're much happier. So I would say those people maybe are the winners. It's not all about success, but those people probably are the winners, David.

Well, I wrote a book in 1987 called the Art of the deal, which was the biggest selling business book, to my understanding, of all time and it's still a big selling book and it was a great honor to be number one many, many, many weeks in every list of the New York Times list, every list for many, many weeks.

And over the years, I've now written 11 books and they've all done great.

What I do is I bring people with me. If I make a speech, I bring people and we mark down things.

And then we compile everything at the end of the year and we come out with a book.

And it does well. But I figure that's better than sitting down for a period of three days and trying to knock out a book. You know, you do it during the course of a year. Lots of interesting things happen. Lots of things happen that you never thought could happen.

-- So I've done 11 books, and they've been great.

Well, that's true. That's true.

Yeah, you bring the right people, they recall lots of different things. So it's sort of --

There is a great thing to books, though, and there's something prestigious about it to me. And I also, you know, I've done a lot and I think I've learned a lot and I like to impart that knowledge to people. If people can read a book and learn something and have a better life because of it, have -- make more money because of it, do better, take care of their kids and the education and the medical and I'm -- that really makes me happy.

Well, it was interesting because the world absolutely was collapsing and the real estate markets just were tanking all over the world, but in this country in particular and it was tough, the early 90s. And one story that I relate to people about golf, there was one banker who was really looking to do bad numbers on me and I was playing this day and they said we need another person and this guy was at the course.

It was the weirdest thing. I mean, not a member, not -- and they said, would you like to join the group And he joined when he saw, I was in the group, he wanted to get out, but then he decided to join. He was a terrible golfer. Terrible.

And a villainous -- he was not a friend of mine, but I said you know what you'll be -- it'll be -- you and I. Let's see how we do, and he starts off. I say I'm in deep trouble because I owe this man, meaning his bank, tens and tens of millions of dollars. He starts off by topping the first ball topping this -- he was horrible for two or three holes and he had a terrible grip.

He had a very weak grip. And I said, you know, do me a favor, just take your hands and put the V to the shoulder, strengthen your grip. It was the weirdest thing I've ever seen. The guy ends up hitting a ball as well as he can hit it 20ft out to the right and hooks back in which I consider the nicest shot.

Forget about the power fades and all of that. I mean, I love it when they go out and come back, OK? I like them, boom. So he hits this ball. He said I've never hit a shot like that. Then he hits another one. Same thing. Starts out to the right, hooks back in. He ends up playing the best round he's ever played.

Hit the ball the best he's ever played. Goes to the range afterwards, hits balls all day long. He couldn't believe that he actually is hitting the ball well and he sees me the next day and he goes, could we work it all out? Come on. We had lunch, I worked it out with him in about 10 minutes. Without golf, that wouldn't have happened.

And who knows, maybe I wouldn't be sitting here. Who knows. So golf is pretty good --

I don't know, but he was a lot nicer after I got to be his partner at a golf match.

David, people think I like the limelight and the truth is probably sometimes I do, but sometimes I would love to be able to walk outside. You know, in the old days I'd walk the streets of New York and I'd see things that I liked and I'd make moves on them and I can't do that anymore. I don't have those moments where I can just go to the park or do something.

It's not quite as simple as that. I think a lot of that had to do with the great success of The Apprentice, frankly.

I never saw it happen. I never thought it could happen.

Well, I had great success and I was then presented with an opportunity. But in the meantime, I do a Larry King or I do shows, I do Mike Wallace on 60 Minutes. They interviewed me a couple of times and I'd get very good ratings for whatever reason. You know, they have these minute by minutes, right, where they spike.

So all of a sudden people see that, television people are smart, entertainment people, and they'd say, well, let's get Trump here. So I kept getting lots of calls to do television. And Mark Burnett called and he said I have this idea that I'll only do if you do it, it's called The Apprentice. So we did the show and it started at 10 and went to 8 and went to 5 and went to 4 and 3 and then it became the number 1 show on many evenings.

I mean, it became this monster success and NBC started calling. Happy Birthday, Donald. And I didn't know anything. All I knew was Steve Weiss, the head of NBC calling and wishing me a happy birthday. I said that must mean the show is doing very well. Anyway, it's been an amazing show. It's in many, many countries now, but it has totally taken away any semblance of private life that I've had.

I don't think I do it consciously, but it seems to happen. I mean, controversy always seems to follow me, and sometimes that's a good thing. I get calls from people in Paris, I get calls from people in New York, they read about this or that. And I think it's actually been a very great positive, so sometimes controversy can be good.

Not always, but sometimes I think controversy can be very good.

Well, I just think it's very important. There's so many people -- when I look at ourselves sitting up here with these beautiful views and everything else, and then all you have to do is turn on the evening news and you see the kind of travesty and tragedy that's going on all over the world. And I just think it's very important to give back.

You know, it's all very fragile. This is very fragile. Life is very fragile and it makes me feel good to give.

Yeah, that's a very interesting statement. It's tragic. When you look at some of the news, especially, I don't know, I guess it's always been that way, but lately it's just disaster. You watch it, it's really depressing. Disaster after -- how often do you see a good story? Like, never.

-- Well, you're doing amazingly well. I didn't know that about you, but you're doing amazingly well.

Yeah, well, I think you're great. I happen to love this guy.

-- And I love your show, too. So it's an honor to be with you. You know what, though, that's interesting stuff because that's life.

And I have many friends - I actually have -- there's a large group of people, friends that I have that are great people, but they do suffer these tremendous bouts of depression.

-- Yeah, than people understand --

-- Friend of mine. He did a 60 Minute piece on me.

And he got a lot of heat because it was so good. It was such a positive piece. I loved Mike Wallace. I thought there was nobody like him.

But you're right, he suffered massive depression.

I did. I actually -- when I was going to college, I wanted to be a professional baseball player, but those weren't good times for baseball in terms of you make $2. But I actually wanted to go to USC to make movies and I was getting ready to apply and a friend of mine who's in the movie business was looking for a house and I helped him with a house.

He said, why do you want to make movies? You know so much about real estate. I got that from my father. He said you shouldn't go into the movies, you should be in the real estate business. And I sort of went into the more natural business of real estate because my father was in the business in Brooklyn and Queens, and I'm very happy I did.

But hopefully I put a little show business into -- into the real estate business.

I was very close. I mean, I was going to apply. USC has a great school of cinema and I was going to apply to USC to go and learn how to make movies and make movies.

Well, but you may say it's a talent also. I agree with you in some cases, but in some cases it's a talent. You have some of these, as an example, a couple of young ladies who -- I know them all. I know every one of them.

And they, well, in a very positive way, but they make a big business out of being a celebrity. They'll get paid $50,000 to go to the opening of a club. They'll get paid $100,000 to be at the ribbon cutting for some club.

-- Right, more beautiful.

They get nothing.

More beautiful.

-- No, it just works. You don't know why. Sometimes I'll look at somebody, I'm not using names, but every one of them I know very well, and I'll say I don't get it. I don't get it. What -- what's -- you can look at the room and you'll see 25 more women that are far more beautiful. But see that thing over there.

It's called a camera. It just registers. It works. And for whatever reason, you may not see great beauty or great anything or great brainpower, but for whatever reason, people watch. And if people watch, you know your business that you're now in, in a very good way and doing very well, by the way in terms of ratings and everything else, and I'm proud of you, but your business that you're now in, it's all about ratings.

It's very interesting. I was hosting Saturday Night Live and Lorne Michaels, who's a total pro, said to me -- there was such hoopla and such craziness. Everybody was going crazy. And I said, "You know, Lorne, someday it won't be like this. NBC will call me and they'll say, 'Donald, we're canceling The Apprentice because the ratings are no good.'"He says, "No, no, Donald, they won't even call." There's a little truth to that.

Well, I have a lot of good people and I probably have people that aren't so good and usually I try and find them out as quickly as possible.

Well, I'm very impressed. I tell you, I walked in -- I was very surprised to see this, but I'm very impressed. Larry made you do that.

-- Wow, that's OK, too.

Well, I always really enjoyed sports playing it. I love watching sports, but I've always been involved with sports. And you know, when you get out of college or high school, if you were -- I was always captain of my baseball teams and I was -- I always did well with sports. I was a good athlete, which really surprises people.

But now you get to a certain age where you don't have 18 people you can get together or you don't have 22 people to get together. And the great thing about golf, I found, is you can play with people that are phenomenal or terrible and you can have a great match. It's one of the great handicapping sports of all time.

You get 4 strokes, you get 5 strokes, you give 10 strokes, but I always enjoyed golf and I've had a lot of fun with golf. It just gave me a release and then I started doing the whole thing 12 years ago with golf courses.

Well, I started building -- I started in Palm Beach in Westchester building from scratch courses. Then over the last four or five years when the economy crashed, I started buying courses. I bought one, the phenomenal one right next to Pine Valley done by Tom Fazio. Great. I bought two courses in Washington right outside of Washington, three miles on the Potomac River, the most beautiful.

Now, I blew them up and built something spectacular. So I sort of have two phases. I did the original where I built and then I bought for good discounts from banks and out of different problems courses that could only be really great if I touched them up. So I've had a lot of fun with it. I've enjoyed it. I think I've been very good for golf.

I've saved some courses that would have been probably abandoned and now they have tremendous memberships and everybody's happy. So I think I've done a good job for golf. I hope I've done a good job for golf. And while it's not my main business, I really enjoy it. I love the beauty of taking this piece of land and making it something special.

I've always enjoyed that.

A very smart man in your profession said to me that if you want to have a US open --

Not too many. But he actually said we have a phenomenal complex, as an example, in Washington. It's called Trump National Golf Club and it's in Washington. Right outside of Washington. It's right along the Potomac. Three miles on the Potomac River. He said, "Do you want to have a US open here?" I said, "I'd love it." "Change the name." He said, "You've got everything.

Change the name." And I said to him, you know, you could be right. Now at the same time, the course is booming. It's a tremendous success. Bedminster Trump National Golf Club, Bedminster, New Jersey, booming. All of my courses are booming. Without the name, they don't boom. I really believe as great as Bedminster is, and some people think it's one of the best built in 25 years, as great as it is, I think the best reviews I've ever gotten on anything is, of course, that hasn't opened yet.

It opens in July, and that's in Scotland.

Are you talking about Mr. Forbes?

He controlled a piece of land, but it wasn't anywhere near the golf course. It was in a different area. But we tried to buy his land for an unrelated project because I have 2000 acres.

Yes, it was an unrelated project. I mean, the big thing that got publicity is when I bought the land, people said you'll never be able to build. They're the largest dunes in the world, the great dunes of Scotland.

And they said you'll never be able to build -- touch them because they were -- they call it SSSI. That's scientifically protected. So when I bought the land, I'm a big boy, I took the land, I didn't take it subject to getting zoning because you wouldn't have been able to do that, although I got a good price based on the fact that you wouldn't be able to do anything with the land.

I then went in and got it zoned, much to the surprise of a lot of people.

Well, people have asked me that question. I think it's more likely that I get a major, meaning, I think I'll get a Women's US Open in Bedminster, but I think I'm more likely to get a major in Scotland.

No, no, no, it's called Trump International Golf Links, Scotland. And it's located on 650 acres, which as you know is a tremendous swath --

It's right near Royal Aberdeen. And interestingly, for years I've heard Royal Aberdeen has the greatest nine holes anywhere in the world. Well, it's the same dune system. And that's -- and I love Royal Aberdeen and they were so supportive of me. I'm not sure I would have been if I were them, but when you see what we've built there, it will be something special.

Well, I love my life now. I mean, I love what I'm doing with golf, but it's not a big part of my life, relatively speaking. And one of the reasons, I employ thousands of people. I take care of their educations indirectly. I mean, I pay salaries to the husband or to the wife and lots of health, lots of educations, lots of care is given to that family, and that makes me happy and I wouldn't be obviously doing that if I were even an extremely good golfer.

So I'm very happy with where I am right now.

That's true.

No, I think that when I meet people, they feel that I'm a much different person. I know a lot of people don't like me, but they don't know me.

And I'll hear, oh so-and-so cannot stand you, but I've never met him and then sometimes I'll get to meet these people or even get to know them and they actually like me. So I think it's probably a positive.

Absolutely. You have some people that are unbelievable people running corporations, people that you know people that you deal with in the golf world, but people running companies that are phenomenal leaders, phenomenally brilliant, they've done deals. They've won, won, won. They win all the time. But in winning, they may have been a little tough.

They may have been a little this or that. They will be brutalized. And it's a bad, you know, it's a rough process. I don't know of any other process, but it's a rough process and I know a lot of people would be great in politics, but they could never go through the kind of scrutiny. Not that they've done anything wrong, but the press can be very dishonest and they'll make them look like they've done things wrong.

I would say that I've built a tremendous company, stronger, bigger, better than it's ever been before. And what I would like to see is for my children, not so much to expand it, just to keep it going really well.

I do take -- you know, it is mine, you know --

This is my hair, I know, but I would say the people that don't know me think I'm a pretty rough guy and not a good guy and I think that I am actually a good person. I do have heart. I do see people in trouble and I really like to help them and I understand trouble. I understand how to help people. And you know, I think I'm a much nicer -- basically to simplify it, I think I'm a much nicer person than people would think.

That's probably bad for my image, but I believe it's true.

No, Rosie won't have a chance. But I do believe in children and I have great children and hopefully by that time they'll be all set and they'll be, you know, good at what they do.

Well, I think really --

No -- yeah, well that's -- that's another one, but I think really that he did a great and quality job. Quality is very important to me. I mean, whether it's what I do in the buildings and the towers or the golf courses, it's always got to be the best. It's always got to be top quality. And so I add the words, so it's great and quality job.

-- Well, thank you, David --

It's a great honor.

Very great honor. Thank you very much.