Thank you very much. It's an honor and I've seen plenty of fights.

Tough cookie, we're not going to mess around with.

I am, of course.

Yeah.

So, somehow I got to know Dana.

And a whole group of people that were into it and really liking it. And I respected them, and I respected Dana a lot. And, you know, that family is a great family.

That helped Dana out. OK. We don't have to mention names, but that family is fantastic. And they've been with me right from the beginning. Incredible people, smart people, too, and good people. And they couldn't get a venue because of the danger. You know, people thought it was so dangerous, and they happened to be right about that.

But they couldn't get a venue. And I supplied them with a venue, and I think it was for a few of the fights, maybe even five early fights. And in those days, the danger was, you know, perceived as being -- look, there's great danger. But it was perceived as being just like death. And so, a lot of the athletic commissions wouldn't do it and owners wouldn't do it, and they couldn't get venues.

And I gave them venues early on. And it's an incredible thing because both Dana and that great group of investors, particular our friends.

They appreciated it. And Dana, to this day, I can say that I watched an interview a year ago where they went in and they were saying -- they were trying to get some bad stuff on Trump. And he said, "No, wait a minute, you're a smart guy." He said, "Wait a minute. I'll never say bad about Trump. You want me to say bad about Trump?

I'm never saying bad about Trump. He helped me a lot when nobody else would." And you know, those early years for UFC were very tough.

They were very tough. I got the inside scoop from a lot of people. They were close to closing it down a few times, and they kept it going. And --

Well, they were -- you know, they were losing money and it was it was a tough deal. And they pulled it through. And now, it's a phenomenal juggernaut. It's incredible what's happened. And, you know, I give tremendous respect for the initial group and for also for Dana. I don't think anybody could have done what Dana did.

I really don't -- you know, usually they say everybody is replaceable no matter what, everybody's replaceable. I don't think this guy is replaceable. Now, you know, I hope I'm not hurting here their investment because, I don't know, where do you find somebody like this? The job he does, and he truly loves it. You know, when I talk to people about success, you have to love what you do. He truly loves it.

Well, you heard the name matchmaker for years in boxing and other things, and he's a great matchmaker. He understands the fighters, he understands the good fight. And, you know, you can have a great fighter against a not very good fighter. And it's not very exciting usually. I mean, sometimes, you have an upset, but not that often.

He's a great matchmaker. He understands it. But he loves it, and he's really good at what he does. And I get to watch as much as I can. It's, you know, highly competitive stuff. You know that better than --

Yeah.

Well, I did. And we had a really rough card. That first one was rough. In fact, I'm not even sure it was so rough, it was great. But I don't know if that helped him or not because anybody that saw that would say that is a dangerous world.

But it was incredible. And, yeah, I've gone to numerous fights, and I'll be going tonight. And tonight, you have a very good card.

but I've been to some great UFC fights.

Well, this sport is interesting. Like I watched Usman. I think he's a terrific guy, by the way.

Terrific person. And I only say that because when people say nice about me, I say nice about them. But he is. He's a terrific and a fantastic fighter. And I watched that fight, and he was essentially undefeated and pretty much unbeatable. And he goes into the fight, and he was winning that fight by so much.

It was over. And then, the one kick and it was indeed over.  so, you never really know. You never really know. And I was a little surprised. And I give credit to his opponent because in the next fight, he was, you know, pretty fairly dominant.

And I was a little surprised to see that. But Usman is a great fighter. And then, all of a sudden, that ended. So, it was -- it's you never know what's going to happen. And if you look at the kicks and the punches, right, the kicks and the punches.

Yeah.

I've never seen -- and it was really close to the end. It was almost.

And I sort of -- it was not an exciting fight but a very dominant fight --

Because Usman was dominating with the grappling or the wrestling, just dominating. And the last round, he decided to just sort of take it a little bit easy and box, and that didn't work out too well.

Yeah it is.

Yeah.

I always like boxing. I've held a lot of fights.

I held a lot of Mike Tyson fights, and he was a fierce guy. And I think even mentally in a sense, a lot of people were they looked like they were defeated. Big guys, they were bigger than him in many cases, and they were defeated. I held the Tyson-Spinks fight.

And that landed lasted 92 seconds.

And people were coming from all over the world to watch it. And it was a big deal. You know, Spinks was undefeated and a really good fighter, but he was sort of a light heavyweight. But he won his light heavyweight fights, but he won all his heavyweight fights, and he had never been knocked down. And you could see he was not thrilled about that fight.

Yeah, a little bit.

But people came from Europe. They came from all over the world to watch it, and they're being seated, and the fight was over. I had a little hard time because I had a lot of pretty unhappy people. But that was exciting. And we had so many, so many great fights. Larry Holmes was a great fighter. I thought he never got that much credit.

It was really an incredible because he followed Ali. At the same time, he fought Ali. And I think that was the worst beating that Ali ever took. He didn't get knocked out. I guess they threw in -- his head was twice the size. I think if there was a problem caused by boxing, that might have been it. That was the worst -- and Larry Holmes was screaming to stop the fight.

He was actually screaming --

Because he admired Ali. But following Ali, that was a tremendous punishment, if you remember that --

Because Larry Holmes had the best left jab. But if you take a look at Ali, there was something so magic. And following him was, I think, probably very hard for anybody to do. Larry Holmes is a, you know, great champion. But following Ali was very hard to do.

Yeah.

Well, I knew him all. I mean, I really knew him all. Ali was great, and Joe Frazier was great.

And it just, uh, sort of like different folks because Joe Frazier was so bad for George Foreman. But Ali was so good for George Foreman, right? You know, that was one of the greatest fights, because everybody thought George Foreman was invincible at the time. And he did the rope-a-dope stuff.

And everybody thought it was over, and -- but he saw something, you know, he saw the stamina thing. Ali saw that. And he was a genius at fighting.

He was a genius. But he had a hard time with Frazier. He had a hard time with Kenny Norton, right? He had a hard time with Kenny Norton.

And yet, Kenny Norton had a hard time with other people.

So, you never know really how it goes. Joe Frazier was an incredible fighter.

He was a great guy, and he was a great fighter. And their fights were among the best you'll ever see.

I was talking the other day, Tommy "The Hitman" Hearns, right?

Against Marvin Hagler.

So, that was less than four rounds. I said -- they said, "What's the greatest fight you've ever seen?" I said, "Well, one of them only lasted three rounds." So, you can't have a great fight for three rounds. But I thought that was among the greatest three rounds ever, right.

Well, he almost knocked Hagler out --

In the first round. And then, in the third round, you know you could see it. But that was -- people watched that, and that's one of the greatest fights.

Yeah.

Well, hey, Sugar Ray is another one. I'll tell you, I thought you're going to ask a different one. His fight on Roberto Duran.

So Roberto Duran was incredible.

And beat him badly up in Canada. I was at that fight.

And then, if you remember, Sugar Ray came back.

And he beat him on the No Mas, No Mas fight, right Sugar Ray was great. Look, you have a lot of great champions. It's hard to say. Some people say, "Who's the best? Who's the greatest?" I don't know if you can really say it, but Sugar Ray was great. Hagler was great. Hagler was so great. Tommy "The Hitman" Hearns was good.

Yeah, well, Jorge Masvidal was -- you know why I love him? I love people that like me. He likes me. And, you know, he's a guy from Cuba --

Who got left alone in life at, like, 9-years-old and, you know, really went through a lot. And he had the quickest knockout. And I remember Dana saying, "Oh, the young man that he's fighting is really good. He's really good. But he got knocked out in like three seconds or something."

Yeah.

Right.

So, what happened to Ben after that fight?

Right.

Yeah.

But Jorge is a great guy, and he was campaigning for me. You know, he said --

Somehow, I'm making a speech and there's thousands of people. And I look and I say, I think that guy is a fighter. And then, I saw it was Jorge, and he had done some good stuff. You know, he had a -- I don't know if he's retired or not retired, but he had a hell of a career when you think of it.

I think he might have retired. But he was a big fan of mine politically. And I'll tell you, it had a difference. I did phenomenally well in Miami and in all of Florida with the Hispanic population, and I credit a lot of that to Jorge. So, we love Jorge. And he's a tough cookie. He's a tough cookie. And they had a fight with Colby, who I really like, too.

You know Colby, those two don't like each other.

But Colby is a MAGA guy. He's -- he walks into the ring sometimes wearing a Make America Great Again.

And he's got a great fight coming up. I think his fight coming up is going to be fantastic.

I don't love it. Yeah, I don't love it. I hate to give that kind of an answer.

Like, you know, I don't like to do that. But I've had a couple where -- because I know so many of the fighters. I've held a lot of fights for --

For my own reasons. I mean, we have -- it brings people, it brings success, it brings money, it brings a lot of good things, and it's an interesting business. I think you've heard -- I think UFC has hurt boxing a lot.

But when you have a big boxing match, it still does great, a big one.

But the media matches, the smaller matches, I don't think they're very exciting anymore. I don't think they do very well anymore. But I notice, when there is a good match, when you have a big match and a good match, they do pretty well.

Yeah.

Dana, look, there's nobody like this guy. I know him. All I know -- forget about fighting. I know him all in business. Dana White is an incredible person, and he's a loyal person. He's a very loyal person, but he understands it. He loves it. And you're right. You know, you hear so much about, like, a boxing match where they're going to meet.

They're going to meet six years later, they haven't. Then, by the time they meet the one guy they say is over the hill and it no longer means anything, Dana, if -- when you have those situations, it always happens. I think Khabib was great, and it looks like --

He probably doesn't come back. But I asked Dana last night, when is Khabib -- are you going to get him to come back?

So but I thought he was -- he was a seriously good fighter, right?

When his father died --

He had something -- but I thought he was a fantastic fighter.

Well, I had a lot of Mike Tyson fights. I had more Tyson fights than anybody else, and I got along great with him. In fact, I saw him recently and he could not have been nicer.

You know, he was always very nice to me and very good, but I had a lot of fights. And he was a draw. He could draw anything. And he had a great career. And then, I was at the fight in Japan, which was sort of a -- I was sitting next to Don King, and I was a little bit surprised because Mike was expected to win that.

And he was fighting a good fighter, but somebody that wasn't always in shape, and he put himself into great shape. And his left jab was like a Larry Holmes left jab. You remember that?

After two rounds, I looked at Don King. I said, listen, "Don, we're watching -- is this right? Because, you know, nobody thought that. And it was a weird scene because it was at seven in the morning.

Because it was in Japan. So, it was broadcast. It's a huge time difference. It's broadcast in the evening here.

So, I'm watching a fight at seven in the morning. And the people were just sort of clapping very politely. It wasn't like a fight crowd, but that was a strange fight. But Mike was a, you know, incredible, just an incredible draw. And really, he's really -- when you know him, he's really a good guy.

So, he started so strong and he was like invincible. And he went that way for a long time. I mean, you know, eventually, you're going to lose a fight. It just happens to be like Usman. You know, Usman didn't look like he was going to lose at all. And then, he's at a fight where he's so dominant. I mean, frankly, it was a boring fight.

And then, he decided to change styles a little bit, which I guess probably, if he'll look back, he'll say --

We should have grappled for one more round.

And he wouldn't have had that problem. But Mike was a very dominant force and a very. I mean, he had the whole thing with Robin, and the whole thing with this and that. It was always -- and ultimately it built a very big character. And, you know, he did a Broadway play.

And nobody understands this when I say it, he was great in it.

And I went as a favor really to him. I went to the Broadway play. It was an opening, and it was actually a great show. And I told him a couple of months ago I was with him. I said, "You ought to do another one or do it in Vegas or something." But Mike Tyson did sort of a one-man show.

And it was actually really good. And I just -- you know, I have to speak highly about him because he was a great fighter.

But I guess you reach a certain level, a certain age, and it doesn't work quite as well. But you can come back. You know, it's interesting when they say the great ones and especially the ones with the big punch, like George Foreman. So, George Foreman, who's a terrific guy, but boy, is he different than he was because he was a very sullen guy.

And then he turned out to be a big personality. But he fought a young fighter who was very good, considered very good. And George was getting beaten up for six or seven rounds pretty badly.

Michael Moorer was the fighter.

And then he fought Michael Moorer. And it was not even -- I mean, George was taking tremendous punishment. This guy was dancing around. And then, George hit him. It was actually a double hit.

It was a boom-boom. And man that was over.

Yeah.

But he was just getting beaten up.

And, you know, it was an age thing. He wasn't moving fast. But they say when you have the punch, you never really lose the punch. Maybe you do it a certain age.

But you don't lose it for a long time. But that was an amazing event.

But the UFC has taken so much of the glamor. I think if Dana went into the world of boxing, which he might do, but if he ever did that, he'd probably bring it back, because it's also very good. What surprises me, if you look at the casualties and I mean literally casualties, boxing has many more.

I don't know if UFC has ever had a death, but boxing has had numerous.

And you would say that it would be the opposite, but it's not the opposite. And I think somebody said it's the shots to the head. Everything's -- but you would -- you know, it's always been a surprising statistic to me because, to me, UFC is more dangerous. It's certainly more dangerous looking. But you're spending a lot of time wrestling, and you're spending a lot of time --

Yeah.

Yeah.

Yeah. It's just a surprising stat to me. I've seen it --

It's very surprising. But it's -- look, there's not this is not a safe sport that you guys are in. But it's safer than boxing, which is shocking.

It's very tough.

Right.

Right.

Yeah.

Yeah, and you're seeing it. They're doing better. Tom Brady, If you look at Tom Brady came in at a certain age, and everyone said, "Well, that's not going to work." You're seeing in your sport a lot where fighters are older, and they're doing very well. You know, I think a lot of it has to do with incentive.

This doesn't seem to be a reason that somebody 36, 37, 38 wouldn't be able to do well, but a lot of them say they just can't -- they don't -- mentally, more than physically, they just don't want to work out like they used to when they were 24-years-old.

And they're looking to, you know, take on the world. So, I don't know, that seems to be a reason. But it seems that athletes are lasting for a longer period of time, which always made sense to me. It always made sense.

And that's what they say. As you get older, it's not that you can't do it. I think you're physically the same. Maybe in some ways you're stronger and better, but you don't have that same motivation to do it. You know, you've become successful. In your case, you become successful. And now, it's 10 years later, 15 years later, you just don't want to do that anymore.

You want the success, but you don't want to work quite as hard. But I think a lot of people now are lasting a lot longer. The Jets have a quarterback right now. It'll be very interesting. I think he'll do well.

Aaron Rodgers, yeah, it's going to be very interesting to see how he does I think he'll do well. He's a great guy. But --

I think so. Well, even fixing the bones, you know, things that where you were out for your life, now, they fix them fairly routinely.

What's happened in -- in what you take now, some people take a lot of bad stuff. But what they do in terms of fixing broken bones and broken joints, it's incredible, the difference. Tommy John surgery is an example. I mean, I've seen people where the pitchers actually got better after Tommy. They were actually better.

This is the only surgery I've ever seen where you get better.

But in some cases, the pitcher becomes better.

I like music.

I think that, well, "We are the Champions." But that's played so much.

I mean, every time you see a World Series or anything, they play it. But it's good. But there are a lot of songs. I mean inspirational songs, songs that make you want to do it.

Yeah. He came out -- but he came out and it was exciting. I don't know if you ever saw -- Vince McMahon is another one. He's fantastic. He's a fantastic guy, and one of the best ever.

And he would have the Undertaker and he had a song for The Undertaker. Now, this was an inspiring  but it was one of the greatest entries into a ring ever when The Undertaker comes in to a ring. I did a I did a fight with Vince, the battle of the billionaires. It's still supposedly the No. 1 ranked pay per view fight that they've ever had, which makes me feel happy.

And -- but just before me was The undertaker fighting somebody, and it was incredible, the song. I said, "Vince, how are we going to beat this? This is not good to follow that fight." But Vince is another one. He's done a great job.

Yeah.

Right.

Well, Cormier is another fighter. I mean, you look at him, he's a -- he was he was a great fighter, and he was shorter.

But he had a tremendous heart and he had tremendous strength, right. But he was a -- he's a terrific -- he's a terrific guy, but he's a terrific fighter.

Yeah. He was tough. You knew you were in a fight. You know, a fighter that I found was incredible was Evander "The Real Deal" Holyfield, right? And I watched him because he was really a light heavyweight. And the most he ever weighed was like 218. And he's fighting guys 260. And the one thing I'd always tell everybody, no matter what, no matter how big they were, they were in for a hell of a fight.

But he was he was really a great fighter.

The Riddick Bowe fights, I mean, they were unbelievable. So, one of the greatest rounds in history was the 12th round. Evander was, you would think, knocked out. Most guys would have stopped it.

And, you know, he really didn't get knocked out. But he was just -- it looked like he was dead on the ropes. By the end of the round, it looked like Riddick was dead. There was one of the I think it was the 12th round, but you have to take a look at that. That was like -- so, maybe it was the 10th round.

But you have to look at that. That was an incredible fight. But he was a great fighter.

Yes, I believe it was.

Yeah.

Yeah, I don't know. I think you're right about that. I think it was a bad decision.

Well, is that Triple G you're talking about?

So, I watched him. It was very interesting. I was at Mar-a-Lago, where you have very elegant people and people that aren't into the muscles.

And people that you'll never see fighting. I can tell you physically, they fight mentally. But I was there. And beautiful people are having dinner. And I looked and there was this guy who was Triple G. I didn't know him. I never heard of him. But I looked at him. I said, "I bet he's a fighter." You know, you could look -- if I look at you, I say, "I bet he's a fighter." But I looked at him and he came up to me, and he said yeah, "My name is Golovkin, Triple G." He said, "I'm fighting at Madison Square Garden." So, I -- and it was sort of he was a young version, and he was great.

And then, and he was so much better than anybody else. And then, I watched him as he became a champ. I guess he became champion, right? But they had a couple of fights with him. It doesn't matter who. I don't want to say who, he got screwed.

He dominated --

He dominated a certain fight, and they didn't give him the decision. And that takes your heart out.

You know, that really -- I think it took his heart out. But he was a great -- that guy was a great fighter.

You know, the decision making in UFC, I never thought about it, it's rare that you really disagree with a decision. It's very rare -- in boxing, you would see -- I've seen some fights that were so bad where a guy was pummeled for whatever number of rounds. Now, boxing was better when they had 15 rounds, to be honest with you.

You know, those last three rounds. But that's easy for me to say. I don't have to go in there and, you know, do that. But it was better. Those three rounds. Sometimes, they call them -- the real -- those were the real champion rounds. But they changed it to 12. I actually think that hurt boxing.

Safer.

And they said a lot of damage was done in those last three rounds. But boxing was better. I mean, if they brought back 15-round championship fights, I think it would be, you know, helpful to boxing. But there must be a safety reason they did it. I don't know what the reason was, but I think it was safety.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Yeah.

It takes you hard out. I mean, it does that. But that's life, right?

Life can be that. You know, I look at like UFC or boxing or any of these things, even sports generally, it's sort of a microcosm of life. But it's quicker. It doesn't take years to determine. You know, it's over in 12 rounds, or it's over in five rounds or three rounds.

But it's really a microcosm of life. And you see it right in front of you. You have a great champion go in, he gets his ass kicked. You have another guy who's no good, and he has a great night. You know, it's so interesting. But the nice part, it's over in a period of a half an hour or 45 minutes.

It's all over and you sort of see a decision. But it's a little bit like life when you think about it.

Yeah, he's a great fighter.

Well, Rodriguez from Mexico --

Said such nice things about me --

That I would never say anything bad.

No, no, he's great. Now, at the same time, Alexander is tough although he lost the fight previous. But --

Lot of people think he didn't lose that fight.

There are a lot of people, talking about UFC now because I'm just saying how good UFC is, but there were a lot of people thought that he did not lose that fight. How do you feel about that, Matt?

Yeah, yeah.

Yeah.

Right.

So could that have gone either way?

So, who did you think won?

OK.

That wasn't a bad decision. But that is a decision could have been -- you know, Alexander did very well.

But I've seen fights where it's --

And these are boxing matches where it's horrible, honestly.

It's horrible.

And that hurt -- that hurt the sport.

Well, I knew Don King very well, OK? When you knew Don King, you really knew somebody, and he was great. And I have a lot of respect for Bob Arum. I mean, look, he's still doing it. He's doing great. He's been doing it for 250 years, I think since the founding. And he's still doing it great. You know, he's at the top of his game.

But I knew Don King and I always used to say signing a contract with Don didn't mean much because you'd sign, and then an hour before the fight, he'd come to you and say, "My fighter's not feeling well. He's not going to make it." You have a full house.

You say, "What are you telling us, Don?"

He said, well, he needs a little more money. I mean, this is -- but I knew him very well. And a true piece of work.

Not to be imitated, but I liked him. I liked him. But sometimes, a deal wasn't so secure when you --

Whether it was in writing or not.

But Don King was an amazing guy. He couldn't be -- he couldn't be imitated.

I refuse to say, but the answer is we got the fight on.

But, no, Don was -- he was tough. He was -- look, there was probably nobody ever like him, right? I saw him take over from the original two guys. You remember? I saw him take over Mike and took over Mike Tyson.

And I watched it happen. And there was nobody better at that stuff than Don King. What he could do was magic. And he was, you know, just a big personality. They imitated him. They had somebody trying to imitate Don King in the last Rocky fight. And those Rocky fights were great. And they had -- the fighters, they had everybody, but they had a person that was actually an imitation of Don King.

But the size wasn't right, the face wasn't right, the hair wasn't right, it was not a good imitation. Because you can't really -- you can't really imitate a guy like that.

He'll grab people at Mar-a-Lago. He'll walk into a party, he'll grab two beautiful people and he'll scream, "Only in America." And he gets away with it, right?

He was good -- a very good guy.

Well, it is. But, you know, if you look at that fight, that was an incredible fight because that was when Foreman was invincible. He was knocking out everybody in the first round, and Ali was going over to Africa to fight.

And that was one of the most genius fights ever, because all Ali did was this. And he just kept the arms up and --

They wanted to throw in the towel. Ali knew exactly what he was doing. That was one of the greatest fights. That was a genius fight. Remember, they want to throw in the towel.

No, no. His arms were twice the size. It was so swollen.

But -- and then all of a sudden, it happened where left or right or left or right. And that fight was over. That was a genius fight.

In terms of strategy.

Yeah.

Sullen.

Yeah.

Oh, he's a great guy. And he's got a great -- I don't know, it was -- I don't know what it was. But in the initial, he was a very -- the word is sullen, right?

Nobody really liked him. He was unbelievable because he was knocking everybody out. And, you know, he only started fighting like a year before --

Which tells you that talent is more important than work.

Work is very important. But talent, you know, that was an extreme talent. But he only was boxing a very short period of time before the Olympics. And then, he ends up winning the Olympics pretty easily, right?

And then he ends up having a great career. But he didn't box, you know, from for very much more than a year or two before he won the Olympics. But he was very talented. And, you know, he was born with the big punch, right? Probably nobody had a bigger punch than George Foreman.

Yeah.

But he was meant for Joe Frazier. When Joe Frazier would charge him and he hit him with the uppercut, remember that was the weirdest because it took like three seconds. And then Joe went up in the air. It was almost like a like a spring.

He hit him and then Joe went up. It showed great bravery in Joe, but he was not meant for -- you know, Joe was not meant to fight him.

I mean the truth is you never know. Like, you know, you have somebody fighting Bo Nickal tonight.

So, he was at the White House, and he was with Jim Jordan. Jim Jordan -- you know, Jim Jordan, the congressman, was a great wrestler. He was an all-American wrestler. I guess he was the NCAA champion --

For a number of times, but a great wrestler. But he was an all-American. His son's an all-American wrestler. You didn't know that about the great Jim Jordan?

Jim Jordan's great, but he brought all of the championship wrestlers in their divisions to the White House. And he said, that guy is going to be a UFC fighter, and that guy is going to do great.

Three years ago.

Three, four years ago.

He's doing well.

I'm doing a podcast if this is what it is.

This is a podcast, but they have a lot of cameras.

But I will say this. I do it for Dana. And I do it for the Fertitta brothers, and they're so fantastic. And they've been so good, so good. And actually one of the daughters worked at the White House. And I can only tell you, she was so respected. She did such a great job at the White House. She worked as a -- doing various things at the White House and prime time, and everybody respected her.

So, you know, it's good genes. When you have good genes, you have good genes. That's very important, right?

Thank you very much. Thank you very much. And say hello to everybody and have a good night.

Thank you very much.