Well, thank you very much. Actually 60 points, but I won't say that. I will never correct you.

Well, it was very expected I thin. It seems to be that we're 33 and one, and the one is hopefully going to be overturned by the Supreme Court because nobody can understand why they did that. I guess maybe they did it for publicity. Maybe they did it for the very liberal radical left governor. Maybe they did it for some other reason.

I don't know. Nobody really understands it. But it just is an embarrassment all over the world when they see this. I think it's -- I think it's very bad for Colorado. Very, very bad for Colorado. But we just had the big win in Michigan today, and that was a good one. And we have 31 -- and we have 33 wins, and this isn't a loss because we'll have to see what happens.

This is not a final determination as you know.

You know, I think it's important -- yeah, it's important for your audience to understand, too, John, that, uh, it was four to three, and this was not like a unanimous decision. This was a very hotly debated subject. But, you know, 33 other courts have, uh, agreed that you just can't do what they did. So, that's very good.

No. Can you believe this? He tried to defend Nancy Pelosi and the mayor of DC, but he tried to defend Nancy Pelosi who did not do the job. We offered them, as you know, 10,000 troops or National Guard, whatever they wanted before the event because I knew it was going to be a very big event, and it wasn't my event.

I went and showed up and made a speech. We offered 10,000 people and more if necessary. And if they use 500 people, if they use 200 people, January 6th wouldn't have been January 6th. So, uh, can you imagine this guy says we don't want to introduce that? Well, that's a very big part of it. She was responsible for January 6th because she didn't take the security that we offered her.

We offered her 10,000 troops and she had far fewer people than that. It was a very small group of people relatively compared to the people listening to the speech was -- which was by the way the largest number of people that I've ever spoken before. Nobody ever talks about that, John. They talk about the group that went down and peacefully and patriotically as I said, as you know, they don't mention that either.

You know, that wasn't even brought up in the Unselect Committee. They didn't even use those words. They didn't say that I said the words peacefully and patriotically. This is a very dishonest group of people, and the deranged prosecutor Jack Smith, he's a deranged human being. Unattractive both inside and out.

And you look at this guy, he doesn't want me to say that they turned down and -- they turned it down in writing by the way. And what happened is, as you know, the Unselect Committee deleted and threw out everything. They threw everything out, which would be illegal. If you ever did that in a court, a regular court as a civilian -- could you imagine somebody on the right a Republican or something, somebody doing it doing?

As you know, they deleted and threw out all -- everything having to do with the hearings, because a lot of bad things were said about Nancy Pelosi. A lot of bad things were said about a lot of people that they didn't want to get out to the public, so they threw out everything. They deleted everything. There is no information.

There is nothing left. It's like crazy. And the reason he doesn't want to do that is because they illegally destroyed everything. They destroyed all evidence. So, he wants to do this because of the fact that they destroyed all evidence. They don't have the evidence anymore. And a lot of that evidence was pinpointing that Nancy Pelosi didn't take the troops days in advance.

I said it, and I said it loud and clear, and they know I said it because I believe it was the mayor wrote a letter back that she doesn't want the troops.

It's -- but can you imagine a man saying we're not allowed to bring the fact up that I offered 10,000 troops for January 6th?

You know, look, he's got a bad record. He's lost a lot of cases, and he loses them because he goes too far. He's a sick puppy.

I offered them. That s true.

Well, number one, I would use that power, and I'd use it very strongly and very powerfully. But you have to remember one thing. This would have never happened if I were president. If that election wasn't rigged, this would have never happened, John, in a million years. It wasn't going to happen. Iran was broke.

They didn't have any money to give Iran. I put sanctions on -- I put everything on and told countries China, many countries, India, France don't buy oil. If you buy oil, one barrel of oil -- you buy any oil, we're not going to do business with you, and we're going to put tariffs on all your products that do get through.

We're not going to do business -- anything gets through, we put 100 percent tariff on. I told them, nobody -- very few people were buying, and it was very small amounts. And they were down to almost a trickle. They were down to nothing. They were broke. They didn't have money for Hamas. They didn't have money for Hezbollah.

And this would have never happened. It also wouldn't have happened because they knew the consequences would have been much different than what you're seeing right now. So, last night, a young soldier was killed, US, and the two were very, very badly hurt. And no one even talks about it. It's not even believable.

They have 129 attacks or something like that on our troops in the Middle East. 129 over the last few weeks, and we don't even do anything about it. This president is incompetent. He has no clue, and he's probably a Manchurian candidate. He's probably totally compromised. You know, he accepts money from so many countries.

So, maybe he accepted money from these countries, so he doesn't want to do anything about it because they know more than any accountant is going to be able to find out. But he is a Manchurian candidate. And how can he allow -- so, we had a soldier killed last night, two horrifically wounded, and that's going to be just the beginning of it. It's, uh -- they don't respect him, and they just are doing whatever they want to do. But now Iran -- if you look at it now Iran has $200 billion dollars that they made on oil.

Not to mention the $6 billion -- as you know, they made $6 billion on the hostage deal, and they also made $10 billion on electricity to Iraq. 10 billion. But that's not even the big number. The big number is what they're making on the oil because all of these countries that weren't buying when I was president, they wouldn't have bought.

There's no way they would have bought. And they were literally down to being broke. They were broke. They had no money. In fact, there were a lot of big stories around that time three or four years ago that these groups, these terror groups were breaking up because there was no money coming out of Iran.

-- Wouldn't have happened?

So, two things. First of all, with NATO, when I went in there, there were only eight countries -- at the time there were 28 countries. There were only eight countries that were paid up, and Poland was one of them. Poland was great. But, you know, usually the closer you were to Russia, the more likely you were to be paid up. But they were -- there were eight out of the 28 that were paid up, and we were paying a disproportionate share.

We were paying, I would say 80, 90, you could even say almost 100 percent of everybody else. So, they take advantage of us on trade. This is a European countries. You add them up, and they're similar size to the United States. So, think of this. They take advantage of us on trade. They're very, very bad to us. Very hard on trade.

So, they take advantage, and yet we defend them for practically like -- I mean, for what? We defend them for -- they should be defending themselves. Now, with Ukraine, while you're on the subject, why is it that we're in for $200 billion and they're in for probably $20 billion? That's probably the number, and it was the same thing when I got there.

NATO was -- we were in for massive amounts of money, and they were like Germany spent very little money. They were spending less than 50 percent, less than half of what they were supposed to be spending. Other countries likewise they weren't paid up. And I said if you don't pay up, then we're not going to defend you.

And once they believed that which they did after a short period of time, hundreds of billions of dollars came pouring into NATO. It was amazing. It was a beautiful thing to see. And Stoltenberg, the secretary general of NATO, who's a good man. I wonder if he feels the same way, but -- about what I'm going to say.

He said President Trump was amazing. All of these presidents came, they made a speech, and they left. He came. He told them you have to pay up, and they all paid. And hundreds of billions of dollars now came in. So, I mean it's a -- it's just an amazing -- it's a beautiful thing to see. Now, if you take a look in so many other ways, that's -- that's what's happening.

Why isn't, John, why isn't -- why aren't these countries going dollar for dollar with us? Obviously, it's got to be more important. They re right there. We're not. We have an ocean separating us. Why is it that they're in for a tiny fraction of what we are in terms of payment to, you know -- in terms of payment?

With regard -- with regard to Ukraine. So, we're in for perhaps 200 billion. It could be more. Nobody really even knows the number, and they're in for a tiny fraction of that. Very unfair. I say they have to equalize. And if they don't equalize, The United States cannot keep doing this. The United States owes $36 trillion.

They can't keep doing this.

Well, Nikki, I know very well. And I actually got along with her very, well and she wasn't going to run. She said I was a great president, and she would not run as long as I ran. And, you know, that's famous. That's documented with her statements. It's on about 15 tapes and, you know, broadcast all over the place.

And then one day she decided to run. So, you know, I thought that was somewhat disloyal. Not nearly as disloyal as Ron DeSanctimonious, who I got elected, and then he, you know, ran. So, that was -- and he looks - he's crashed and burned. And, you know, she's way behind. She's like 50, 60 points behind me. But if she goes up one point, they say she surges.

You know, in the last poll, I went up seven points to almost 70, which is hard because I have very little points to go up, you know. They've been used, right? They've been taken already. But I went up seven points. She went up three points, and he went down a couple of points. But because she went up three points and he went down, they said she surged -- that Nikki Haley surged.

But she didn't surge against me. She surged against Ron. But the point is that, look, I know her very well. I actually got along with her very well. As you know, she left at a nice ceremony at the White House, you know, the Oval Office. It was very nice. She said terrific things about me. She said he's a great president.

And then she decided out of nowhere to run. So, I was a little bit surprised at that. But that's a politician. No, I'm not considering anybody at this time, John. Look, I want to win. And one thing I will say -- and I've watched this for a long time. The vice president has virtually no impact. You could go back all throughout history.

Whoever the choice of vice president is has virtually no impact as to who is going to get a nomination or get elected. It's an amazing thing, actually. Surprising.

Uh, the most important thing is who would do a good job because it has to be. But just -- you know, it's very interesting when you study it. Uh, people are picked, and everyone's talking about who's the vice president. But in terms of election, in terms of nomination, uh, the vice presidential pick has very, very little influence over the vote.

Amazingly. Surprisingly, actually.

Well, they do hate Israel, and Israel hates them. And the -- the, uh, if you look at -- even when, you know, they're growing up and the Palestinians are growing up and their children are being educated, they -- they read books like -- books like the old days with Run Spot Run. Uh, they have hatred in these books.

Hatred of Jewish people. It's a terrible thing. And frankly it's, you know -- makes it very hard. I always felt I could get a deal. I think I would have had a deal. This would have never happened -- October 7th would have never happened. It could not have happened. I think I could have had a deal. Now it's much harder to have a deal actually.

And it's a deal that -- the hatred has only gotten worse by allowing this to happen, and Biden allowed it to happen. Look, Biden is trying to play both sides, and he's failing I think unless people are stupid. He's failing because what he did is took all the sanctions off Iran, and Iran has gained hundreds of billions of dollars of wealth.

And you don't want Iran to have a nuclear weapon, and they're 30 days from getting one. They say 31, 32 days away from getting -- having nuclear capability. You don't want -- you know, when I terminated the nuclear deal, that was a great thing. The problem was the administration did nothing with the termination.

I would have had a deal with Iran within two weeks after the election had the election been different, had the outcome been different. I would have had a deal with Iran -- within two weeks after that election we would have had a deal because Iran was -- they were needing a deal. They had no money. They were -- they were -- they couldn't fund themselves, let alone Tara.

We would have had a deal. But now they're rich again. They're really rich again, and they're selling oil to China is their number one customer. Millions and millions of barrels of oil, and they were selling almost nothing with me. And Iran was allowed to get rich because Joe Biden allowed them to. So, he can say whatever he wants.

But he's the reason for this. He's an incompetent president. He's a compromised president, totally compromised, but he allowed them to get rich. Now they're rich, and it's a very hard thing to do. It's a very hard thing to have. But worse than being rich -- because of the money, because of what they have, they will have within a short period of time nuclear weapons.

And that is never something that can be allowed to happen.

It is a liability. They are extreme. Look, what's more extreme? I just looked at pictures, and I've just looked at a report. Millions of people -- not thousands, millions of people are pouring into our country, numbers that are much bigger than being reported by the fake news. And you see it. I mean, when you look at those -- those groups of people, they were saying 4,000 or 5,000 people coming up. But if you look, it looks bigger than a Trump rally of 30,000 people.

I've never seen it. They are pouring up from all over the world. You know, it's not just El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras, etc. They're pouring up from all over the world. They're coming from Africa. They're coming from the Congo. The Congo has been sending a lot of people. They're coming from Asia. They're coming from all over the world.

A lot of people coming, interestingly, from China, and they're all young, and they're all male. They're between 20 and 25 years old. It sounds like an army to me. But a lot of people from China, a lot of people from Russia, but a lot of people from Africa and just Asia generally. They're pouring in. They're destroying the country.

They're destroying our country. There is absolutely no control. There's no check. Many of these people are sick. Many of them come from prisons, very sick -- many of them are very sick. It's a horrible thing because I have a bigger heart than anybody. But the people -- Americans are going to get sick. These are diseases that are easily catchable by people, and it's a terrible thing.

But they're also coming from prisons and jails. They're being emptied out. Mental institutions. I always say mental institutions and a step above that is the -- are the insane asylums where you have some very sick people. They're being emptied out into our country. And, as you know, many terrorists are coming into our country.

These people are either evil that are running our country. There's something wrong with them. This is not like, oh gee -- you know, look, a lot of times I'll be conservative or I call myself more common sense than anything else. But I'll be common sense, and they want to do something. But I can understand why -- you know, I can understand the other side.

There is no understanding why millions of people from jails from, from everywhere, from parts unknown actually, from countries -- people never even heard of some of these countries. There is no understanding why millions and millions of people are allowed to freely walk into our country. And the crime is -- is -- the crime that they're causing and the problems they're causing.

You know, nobody's telling you about their stays in hotels. They're taking over hotels, top hotels being paid for by the United States while our vets are sleeping on the streets. But they're taking over top hotels. The fights that are taking place in the hotels, the destruction, the beating up of the employees.

Nobody wants to tell you about that. These are rough people that are going into those hotels. The Biden administration -- I believe he's the worst -- I don't believe. There's not even a question about it. He's the worst president in the history of our country. And by the way, he's weaponized justice. I've got four indictments that are bullshit indictments.

He's weaponized justice. This was never supposed to happen in our country. And what he's done in terms of using the DOJ and the FBI to attack his political opponent, nobody has ever seen this -- a thing like this happen other than in a Banana Republic.