How are you? Nice to see you.

Hello, everybody.

Thank you.

Right.

Thank you very much.

Because they do everything. They are so incredible. You look at -- I hate to use the word statistics. But statistically, you have a great mom, you have a great young woman or young man. It just works out that way. And dads are very important also.

But that mom is so special and taking people that really would have had a rough time and made them super --

made them tremendously successful. The love, whatever it is, there's a lot of ingredients. You know, moms do a lot of things that people don't think about, and maybe it's the little things that count but very special. My mom was very special, very special people.

Probably not, but, you know, every once in a while, she'd say, "Oh, you should do that." But, no, I don't think so. But she was a great mom, very loving mom, a very good person.

She's great. She's doing a tremendous job with my son, who's a fantastic guy.

Yeah, he's a good tall guy, too. Very tall.

I'd say 6-8.

So, he's up there, right?

But he's a great -- he's a great young man. And he's a very good student. And I think he's doing a good job, Barron. He's -- I think he's doing a very good job.

Yes.

Right.

Well, I do, I do. And the tattoos, I think, are in a little different category. You know, you have people personal preferences. That's their preference.

But no drugs and no cigarettes. And it's just in the old days, I had a brother who was a fantastic guy. He always looked -- he'd look at me and say, "No drugs, no alcohol, no cigarettes." But actually, the drugs was much later really because if you look at drugs today, it's like, today, so much is drugs, less is alcohol.

Cigarettes, I always add in. It's not a positive thing.

And if they can avoid it, they'll be -- that's a great thing. But I would tell my kids before, they'd -- I'd see them every day, I'd say, "No drugs, no alcohol, no cigarettes."

And Ivanka would say sometimes, "Dad, I know. I know what you're going to say, Dad. Please don't say it." And I think it had an impact.

When you have one of your children or your children on drugs, it just puts them at such a disadvantage.

So, you got to keep them away. And it's much easier to keep them away. Once they get hooked, that's a whole different ball game. But when you preach to them before they get addicted --

Because that's what it is. It's an unbelievable chemical addiction and mental addiction and everything else, you can -- it's just so much easier. If they don't start, it's so much easier.

Now, it's been reversed at a level that nobody's ever seen. People are flowing in, drug dealers are flowing in. I was working on a deal that would have happened very quickly with China. They were not going to make it. They were going to make it part of the death penalty if they make it in China and put it here.

Once I was out, nobody ever picked that up. Most of it -- the fentanyl is made in China.

But you have other drugs coming in, too. And we had the border the strongest it's ever been. Now, it's the weakest it's ever been.

In three years. It's gone from being the strongest -- we have the strongest border we've ever had, human trafficking, largely women. I mean, you talk about moms, I mean, human trafficking, what's worse? And it's mostly women. And we had that to the lowest point it was in 51 years. We had everything really in great shape in this country. And now, it's just so sad to see.

Right.

Well, we're going to end that. And these indoctrination programs are out of control.

And we're ending it. It's just like, you know, men in women's sports and the sexual mutilation of children. Who would think that we'd have to talk about sexual mutilation of children? If you go back 10 or 15 years, and somebody said that, you wouldn't even know what they're talking about. And now, it's actually a point in a campaign where you have to talk about it.

And many people on the other side think it's OK. I mean, we're not talking for our health. People think it's OK. The sexual mutilation of children, think of it. We actually have to put that down as a talking point.

Or men will not be playing in women's sports. We have to put that down as talking point.

Who would ever think you'd allow men to play in women's sports?

So, the world has gone crazy, but this country has gone crazy.

Yeah, yeah.

Right.

And we'll do it fast, too. We'll sign orders left and right. We'll do it fast. It's gone totally out of control.

And what I don't understand, who could -- who could think this is good?

Who could think -- unless you're trying to destroy our country, who could think this is good?

Yeah.

So, that's the third category. You talk about parental rights.

Who wouldn't think that, like, you have parental rights -- we are with you for parental rights.

Again, 10 years ago, 15 years ago, you wouldn't have to talk about that. Of course, you have parental rights. Today, they take away your parental rights.

And I think the Republicans are going to do very well in this coming election. If we don't do -- if we don't win the election, the presidential election of 2024, it's going to be the most important election in the history of our country, I think our country is going to be essentially finished.

They have to vote. They have to vote for Trump. Look the Republicans talk in terms of religion. They're going after the Catholic Church. They're going after protestants, they're going after evangelicals. They're going after so many groups. It's not even possible to think this way. And then, you'll have Catholics, as an example, where they're really -- something happened.

I'm saying, what did they do wrong? But they're going after Catholics at a level that nobody's seen before in this country. Now, why would a Catholic vote for a guy like Biden? It doesn't make sense. But I think we're going to win. And if we don't win, big trouble.

Yeah.

Yes, absolutely. And the mandates are gone and the mask mandates are gone. All of the mandates are gone. It's got to be a choice. You have to have choice. Some people want to do this. They want to take -- they want to take the vaccine, and other people don't.

And you have to have choice and feeding it to children where they don't need it anywhere near the extent, but really, essentially, they don't need it is absolutely crazy. So, the mandates are gone. There'll be no mandates. You know, we let governors make those decisions --

Which is the federalist system, which is the way it should be. And a lot of Republican governors got it right. They didn't do the big closures. And if it was closed, it was closed for a much lesser period of time. South Carolina was great, and South Dakota was great.

And some of the states were absolutely great. And some didn't do as well. The ones that did really poorly though were the Democrat-run states. They were -- they shut down everything. And their numbers were the same or worse --

Which is sort of -- you would think that wouldn't be possible, actually. They would have a shutdown that was incredible, and their numbers were worse. So, no, some of our Republican governors did a fantastic job.

Yeah, yeah.

Pretty bad.

So, we're going to be --

Yup. We're going to be drilling like you haven't seen before. We're going to get the energy down. When the energy comes down, everything else is going to -- it's such a big category.

That's what started the inflation. Inflation is a country buster. It breaks up countries, it's -- you go back 200 years, 300 years, and you take a look, inflation is a country buster. And we had the worst inflation in 72 years. And what we're doing is we'll be getting the energy prices way down. Everything else is going to follow.

Interest rates are going to follow. You'll be able to buy a house again. A lot of good things are going to happen. Food prices will start coming down, too. And, you know, when they say, "Oh, gee, we only have 4 or 5 percent inflation now," first of all, they're not adding certain categories to that. But most importantly, when you take a look at what they're saying and what they're doing, everything is the opposite of what it should be. Every single thing they do is the opposite.

So, we're going to get the energy costs down. Other things are going to follow, and interest rates very importantly will follow.

Yeah.

Yeah, family and God.

OK, you take a look at religion where it's just not -- COVID, I think, probably hurt it badly, but it's just not --

What it was. When people have that feeling of God --

They want God in their lives, it just works out a lot better.

It also works out better for a country.

It's true, it's true. No, families are very important things. You people do a great job. I mean --

It's -- it's really what you've done is amazing.

It's probably the biggest question I get. The second biggest would be they're not going to be allowed to do it again, OK? You know what that means, OK? That's number two. But No. 1 is how do you do it? One of the reasons is that I have the highest poll numbers people have virtually ever seen. You're beating these people by 60 points, and we're beating Biden by a lot.

And that gives us hope because if we take over the country from the standpoint of winning the election of 2024, it's all going to be OK. We're going to make it not only make America great again, we're going to make it better than ever before. And we're going to get rid of the horrible people, some of these people from prisons, from mental institutions.

They're coming in from prisons, mental institutions and many terrorists. We're going to get them out. It's going to be a mass deportation and get them out. And we're getting them back to their countries where they came from, many of them right out of jails and prisons.

So, if we win this election, which we have to -- I don't think we have a choice --

We're going to make our country great again and maybe better than ever before.

Yeah.

Yeah.

Yeah.

If you're in a good system --

If we get what we're getting, where we have proper people coming into our country legally; if we get the prisoners and the people, murderers, drug dealers pouring into our country, we get them out, our system is good. The chances of a mom being successful are much greater. And it's -- it's -- it's much easier.

Otherwise, it's a very difficult thing for a mom if we're in a bad system.

And that system is turning very bad right now with Biden and these people. It's turning Marxist and fascist and communist. It's a horrible system. They go after political opponents, all of the things they do. But when we get it going, it's going to make it a lot easier for moms. And that's what I want to do.

Thank you very much.

Great honor. Thank you.