Yeah, actually about 125 miles an hour, um.

As of four days, so I would be 66, 66 days in a row, without a day off. I haven't done anything but this kind of stuff. And, uh, it's been interesting, all of a sudden now I'm waiting. You said it before, I'm waiting to hear what's going on, but I hear we're doing well.

Well, I try not to think about it, I guess I would say, plus I had good parents; you understand. I had parents who were, I guess, I think a certain way. But I really, uh, I like to put it out of my mind and just go forward. I'm doing the right thing and -- and we'll just have to see what happens. I have very good protection.

I have very strong tough people that shoot well and, uh --

Yeah, I think I do, I think. You know, they really didn't provide me with very good service because the, uh, assets, as they call them, were not made readily available to Secret Service. So you know it's, uh --

Something 5:30; yes, 5:30 from Michigan. Grand Rapids was your last stop. I was actually watching it, and -- and I couldn't believe the energy that you had. How are you feeling today? Did you sleep a lot today or did you crash or you just up all day? Feel good. I would say the voice is not meant -- when God gave you a voice, he didn't mean it to be doing for you.

You know, Sean, when you come home, it's 5:00, 530 in the morning, and then you have a teleconference call at 6:30. You know, you're supposed to be asleep, so you tend not to sleep. And then I don't know, you -- and it's a very exciting time. And I think it's hard to sleep, anyway. So I've been going pretty much.

And uh, look, it's been a very exciting campaign. I think it's a campaign you have to win. You can't, you know, look, a lot of people are almost finished with the voting now, so we can talk about this. It might not matter so much. I've been talking about it for a year, for two years, but we have to have a border.

We can't let, you know, murderers into our country. We can't let drug dealers and criminals into our country like we're doing. And you know, it seems to be simple. I think that's the number one thing, and number two would be inflation and the economy. And they're -- they're, as a -- as a combination, they've got to be like 90 percent, as far as I'm concerned.

But uh, this is what I've been talking about and, you know, I think it's been resonating. I hear we're doing actually well. I hear about, uh, Philadelphia. There's a lot of things going on with Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, and I hear about Detroit, you know.

-- They lied.

Well, what I say to them and they're listening right now, otherwise, I wouldn't be able to say it. Uh, immediately hang up the phone and run out and vote, like immediately.

Give Sean his worst radio ratings of off the phone. We'll talk very nicely and nobody should be listening. Everybody has to run down and vote because you know, you have a little time left, and it would be great because we really -- this is really an important election. These people are destroying our country.

They're destroying our country, and so I would say get off the radio. We will not be insulted. He will have the lowest ratings he's ever had. You'll have a show with absolutely nobody, this big monster radio show will have absolutely nobody listening, and I'd be very happy with that.

I know, I know and we'll, uh, we will get you down there, absolutely. Sean, you're -- you're a very important voice and you're a great gentleman. You're a fantastic talent. And -- but more importantly, you're a great guy and.

I really do.

Yeah.

Thank you, Sean. Have a good time tonight. Thank you very much.