Well, I think it was about lies. It was just lies about me. All night long, they were saying things that weren't true. Charlottesville has been disproven. Everything that they've said has been disproven. The French soldier thing that they do all the time has been totally disproven in the French cemetery, every single thing that they talked about, the immigration.

How about inflation? I mean, I had no inflation. They had a lot, and they said it's just the reverse.

It was really about lies. It was disinformation, misinformation, which is what they talk about all the time.

Most probably, the same thing. It's just incredible. They get before the cameras, and they make up stories. It's some -- like they're storytellers. They're exact lies, lies on immigration, lies on the border. They said they had a strong border. They're the worst border in history. I mean, everybody knows that.

I had a strong border. I have the numbers right there. So, I'll be showing that a little bit. You'll be staying for the event, I guess.

And I'll be showing that. But nobody's ever seen anything like it. Everything they said was a lie. It was just a -- it was actually the opposite of what the fact is.

But that's the Democrats. That's what they do. And they've been doing that for a long time, and they're good at lying. And frankly, it's a shame that they're allowed to do it.

Well, he has. We're going to announce it soon. He's all set in a certain school that's very good. And he's always --

It's in New York. Yeah.

And he's always been a very good student. He's smart. And so, we'll be letting you know very soon.

I'll tell you soon. I'll tell you after this. I'll tell you off the record.

Yeah.

Well, if I was president, nothing would have happened. It would never have happened. This is a sad thing. Millions of people have been killed. The place has been just absolutely destroyed. You look at the cities there, one after another, it's just knocked to the ground. And it's very sad. Look, they're fighting.

They have to fight each other until it ends. And, you know, it's a very sad war. It should have never happened. October 7th should have never happened in Israel either. That would have never happened. These two things would have never happened. And inflation would have never happened, which has destroyed so many lives in our country, just gross incompetence.

It started because of their energy policies.