Well, thank you very much, John.

Well, usually, that would be the end of a campaign. When you say something stupid like she said, that would be the end of the campaign. And I saw the young men and they made the statement, and she said you're at the wrong rally. You know, in the old days, when a lot of things were different and values were different, John, that would be the end of a campaign.

You'd just say, "Let's wrap it up." But, you know, it's -- she's getting away with murder. They lie and they -- they talk -- you know, they -- they say -- I've never seen anything like this. I had to go through crooked Hillary, I had to go through Biden, and they were not good. But this -- this one lies more than anything.

She'll tell you -- you come up with 10 points that you believed in all your life. And all of a sudden, they just spin it around knowing that it's wrong what they're doing.

So, it's a strange -- it's a strange group that we're dealing with. As you know -- as you know better than most.

Yeah, and I've already done three events, and I have a big one coming up.

I'm going up to North Carolina and making a speech of, I don't know, I guess they say 20,000 people or so. You know, it's so disgraceful. They -- that's what I mean. They make up stories. Somebody said, "Are you at all tired?" I said, "No, I'm invigorated. I'm not even a little bit." So, as you know, I've gone 52 days in a row.

And now, I have 14 left, and I'm not taking a day off. And she took today off and she's taking, I think, tomorrow off, too.

And how do you take two days off when you have 14 days to the presidency? You know, no, they just -- they make it up. It's fiction, and it's a disgrace that they're allowed to say it. I've never dealt with a group like this. I have never felt stronger, never felt better. Now, here's the problem. When you say that, they'll say, "Trump was very defensive." He, you know, like --

Like with the debate, when she --

She made up stories, and I checked them on the stories very quickly, but nicely. They said --

Oh, I fell into her trap. You know, these are -- the media is the absolute worst with the exception of you, of course, but --

It's terrible. Just -- they are terrible. There's no question about it.

Go ahead, John.

Yeah.

I am -- if I -- it's the first I'm hearing about it, but it was talked about and then, I guess, people shut it down. But I really am. These people are being -- I've met so many of the families. They've been just decimated by these people that are allowed to come into our country. They're murderers and drug dealers.

And the worst people are allowed to come into our country, and they're poisoning our country. They're poisoning -- what Biden and Kamala have done to this country is unthinkable that this could be -- and, you know, there's another couple of elements to it. You have 325,000 missing children.

Three hundred twenty-five thousand missing children. They're dead or they're sex slaves or slaves. Nobody knows exactly. But 325,000 are missing according to the all the reports. It's -- it's not even imaginable. The damage that they've caused as president and vice president will never be forgotten.

Yup.

I think that's something we would certainly discuss. I tell you what. I was the one that shut it down. They were paying money to China.

Now, I shut it down just saying, "Why are we paying money to China? Who would have known that they were doing Wuhan?" But I did say Wuhan, that's where it came from.

I had no doubt about it. Did you know they were trying to say it came from France, it came from Italy, or it came from caves with bats? Now, I'd always -- I've always felt that it came from Wuhan. And now that's been -- that's been determined.

Terrible.

Well, when you think, we're 85 percent wrong direction. And Kamala said she would do nothing different, OK? If you can imagine.

Now, she choked with that answer because only a total fool would -- would give an answer like that, but she's not very good, and she's not a good person, and she's not a smart person. And there's never been anything like it. There's never been a person like this allowed to run -- even allowed to run for the office.

Most radical left person in the Senate, far, far further left, they say, than Bernie Sanders. And so, we're not going to let it happen. I'll close the borders. I would absolutely, without question, we have to get those borders closed. And we have to drill, baby, drill, and we have to bring down costs.

Because it's not just the oil, it's -- we have to bring -- the inflation has just killed our seniors and people on a fixed income --

Like nothing else. And then, we have to fix up our military again. I did it once, and now, I have to do it again. In all fairness, a smaller version, but we gave billions of dollars to Afghanistan, if you can believe it, in the most embarrassing single moment of -- of our history as a country. So, we're going to do that.

We're going to always take care of that. Very important.

Yeah.

I just saw a report, John, came out. With me, it was $1.84 --

Because I always hear these people saying $2.40 and -- it was $1.84.

I thought it was $1.87. It's $1.84. That was the national average. And can you imagine? And now, look at where we are and where we will be, because what will happen is, if they ever won this thing, they would -- they would just cut off everything. The only reason they let it continue the way I had it was that they could see what was going on.

It was -- it was starting to rise uncontrollably. So, they -- they stopped immediately.

But they will -- if they ever had their druthers, they would -- and which -- I tell you what, if they ever -- if they were allowed to do it, they would get rid of all fossil fuels immediately.

That would be the end of our country, by the way.

This is the worst president in the history of our country. She's worse than he is, the worst vice president. She would be a worse president than he is, if that's even believable. There would be never a president. That -- she would be just horrible. And what happened with Israel with the documents that were leaked is not even fathomable.

And they better find that person because that person hates our country. That's a hell of a thing to do. And you're talking about major stuff, you're talking about giving the Israeli plans --

Having to do with Iraq and -- and Iran, and not just Iran. You know, it's having to do with lots of different options and lots of different things, lots of different countries. I mean, they got everything.

I hear it's really bad. But can you imagine being Israel and waking up to that news?

Our country is -- is uniquely incompetent. There has never been anything like it. These are the worst two people, and they are lazy. And you know what? She's not even campaigning for a couple of days because she doesn't have the stamina to do it. She's got no stamina. She's got nothing. And can you imagine, you have 14 days, and you got to work every day? I've done 52 days now, and I have 14 more.

And I'm not missing any days, I can tell you that.

Yeah, I'm leaving for a big speech. Yeah, a big one.

It's a big one.

Well, we are lucky to have you, and I'm talking about we as a country. We're lucky to have you because you're really one of the great people. You're -- you're a real journalist, what they used to be when they were great.

We don't have too many of them left, John. We're lucky to have you, man.

OK.

Thank you very much. Thanks.