Well, I think you're going to see some very good days ahead. A lot of incentives are going to be given. You saw yesterday, $1 billion investment, and we gave you a very fast approvals. Nobody -- nobody's come up with that one yet, although it seems pretty simple. I think you're going to have some great days ahead.

We have to conclude a couple of bad wars that are going on, a lot of bad things are going on, but we'll get them done.

Well, I don't want to really knock the current, but I will tell you more than at any time anywhere in the history of our country.

Well, I think I've always said, you know, to me, stock market is very -- all of it, you know, all of it together, it's very important. It's an honor to be here in New York Stock Exchange. I sort of joked that I actually bought the building across the street because the stock exchange was here. It's a big deal.

40 Wall Street. So, look, we're going to -- we're going to do things, I think, that haven't been really done before. We're going to be cutting taxes still further. You see, you know, we got it down to 21 percent. We're going to bring it down even below that. You pay 21 percent if you don't build here and -- meaning your product or whatever it is you're building.

And if you do, we're going to try getting it down to 15 percent, But you have to build your product, make your product in the USA.

Well, we're going to be talking about that, and we're really talking about lowering taxes. Last time, as you know, we took it probably from close to 44 percent, 45 percent, down to 21 percent. Everyone said that was impossible. Now, it was always my -- I really wanted to get it down to 15 percent, and we'll be able to do that.

And if you remember, we had the best three years in the history of our country from the standpoint of the economy. And you've been so professional and so good. I haven't seen you so much since I've been a politician.

That's right. You were a judge. He was -- he was a tough judge. He was a tough judge.

Well, we -- we're going to be doing the same thing, I can tell you this. Unfortunately, there's too many of them. But I think we're going to really incentivize the country to go back and work, and they will be incentivized. They're going to -- they're going to do well. People are going to be very happy.

JD is very much involved. And I have a great partner right over here, our first lady. People love our first lady, and we're going to do something very special. We have some great people up there. You saw some of the people on the -- on the cabinet, and we have some of the most successful people in the country.

And we're dealing with the most successful people, and those are the people that put others to work. And we're going to be hitting job numbers. And as you probably heard me say, we picked up, since just the election, $3 trillion in, you call it, worth or value. But $3 trillion was picked up since November 5th. So, that's pretty good.

Yeah.

Sounds perfect. I can't do any better than that. That's what we're going to do.

Well, he's got a lot of ideas. He's a great guy. He's a really good guy, too. And I guess his stock has done pretty well. He's been -- everybody's stock has done well since the election and even before. And Scott Bessent has done a fantastic job. And one of the things I liked about Scott is that he said long before I even know who he was that the market's only doing well.

This is before the election. "It's only doing well because they think Trump is going to win." So, we made Scott the Treasury secretary, which everybody, frankly, wanted, and he's going to do a fantastic job.

Yeah.

Yeah, I think so. We're going to do something great with crypto because we don't want China or anybody else. Not just China, but others are embracing it, and we want to be the head. We're going to be the head of AI, we're going to be way ahead of AI. And we've got to produce tremendous amounts of electricity.

You know that it's unbelievable when you think that we need more than twice what we already have. If you think that's pretty for a specific industry, but we'll be able to do it. We have Lee Zeldin in charge of the environment. He's going to be giving us very strong approvals, I think, and he's going to make sure everything's good and clean and proper.

But he's going to give us very fast approvals. Natural gas makes us say that we should be able to afford it and be able to handle the 5 percent per year grid. Right.

Yeah.

Well, we're going to be having a lot of talks with China. We have a good relationship with China. I have a surprising relationship. Now, when the COVID came in, I sort of cut it off. That was a step too far. That was, as they say, a bridge too far. But we've been talking and discussing with President Xi some things and others, other world leaders.

And I think we're going to do very well all around. And we are -- we've been abused as a -- as a country. We've been badly abused from an economic standpoint, I think, and even militarily. You know, we put up all the money, they put up nothing, and then they abused us on the economy, and we just can't let that happen.

We're not going to be abused anymore. We put America first, but we're also going to help other countries.

Well, I don't want to get into a situation where they do and we have a dip or something because that can always happen. You know that better than anybody in the world probably. I think you're the leading authority in going up and going down. But you always end up. You -- it always ends up. That's the good news.

But we have like Doug Burgum standing right over here, who's done a fantastic job. He's been on your show many times, and we have -- we have just tremendous people. I would say this, I think, long term, this is going to be a country like no other. We had the three best years ever until COVID came in.

And then, we did a good job getting rid of it. The stock market, if you look at the markets, we're higher than just previous to COVID coming in when we handed it over. And now, we know -- I know the people, I know the players. When I came in -- it was very interesting, Jim. I came in, and I was not a Washington guy.

I didn't know too many people in Washington. I had to rely -- now, I -- do I know people? I know people. I know people so much, they're coming out of my ears. So, we have great people coming in.

Well, Mark Zuckerberg has been over to see me. And I can tell you, Elon is another, and Jeff Bezos is coming up next week.

And I want to get ideas from them. Look, we want them to do well. We want everybody, and we want great jobs, fantastic salaries. We want people to love -- and, you know, when they wake up in the morning, like get up and "I love to go to work, I want to go to work." We want people working, and we want them working for a lot of money.

Thank you. Thank you very much.

Yeah. Nice to see you.

Thank you.