Look at that. Who would believe that? You think Joe Biden -- you think Joe Biden can do that?

I don't think so.

Could happen.

Stranger things have happened.

Right.

And the southern border is a dangerous place.

It wouldn't be a good place for a golf club. I can tell you.

You wouldn't last long. You wouldn't last long.

Yeah.

Sure.

Around college. I went to the Wharton School of Finance at Penn. And around college, yeah, I started picking it up and enjoyed it, pretty much learned it learned how to play on some public courses in Philadelphia today. I don't think you could go there today. It would be a little bit tougher.

But in those days, it was so safe, it was so perfect. It was like life is supposed to be, right?

And Cobbs Creek and Karakung, two courses that are right next to each other. And they were -- they were sort of cool. And they had a lot of good players, a lot of hustling players from the area. And I had a lot of fun with that. It was good.

Not for golf, my father, I played with him once. He didn't play golf. But he had an unbelievably good swing. I mean, if he played golf, he would have been phenomenal.

He had a great swing. I never forgot. I said you, "You never played? Are you kidding me? You never played?" And he was really good. He could have been really good.

You know, one of the people that if he -- but he was a worker and not a golfer. But if he played golf -- I will never forget, when I played with him, how good a swing he had.

Yeah.

Yeah.

Yeah, we hope.

Yeah.

Well, it just was an opportunity. Actually, the first one was Westchester.

And I got Westchester and then I got Palm Beach. And Westchester was a course in a great location, Briarcliff manor, considered one of the best locations in Westchester. And it was an existing course. And it was public and always was successful because the location is so good.

You know, if you have a good location, you don't even have to have a good course. And this was just a simple course, but it had a lot of land. And I said, "Boy, would that be good for a really luxury course?" And I got it approved, got it zoned. It was not easy. I will tell you, it was tough, actually tough community to get things done.

But I got it done and built it. But pretty much, simultaneously, I did the Palm Beach course, which has been a success. Both of them have been a success from the day I built them.

Yeah.

Well, I've always had that, and I have that with buildings and I've had that with other things. I am -- you know, I like to think of myself as a very creative person. A lot of people wouldn't understand that. They would say, "Really? I didn't know that." But I am. I mean, this range was almost nonexistent.

And it sounds simple, a range, but it's really not simple. It's complex, especially when you have a lot of things to go through with cities and towns and, you know, zoning and environmental and all the things you have to do.

But, yeah, we've had -- we've had tremendous reviews on properties. We're building one right now in Scotland, the second one to Trump International in Aberdeen.

It is unbelievable. It's just -- I was given the land. I was -- I bought the land years ago and got it zoned, took years to get it zoned. Sean Connery was the one that got it zoned for me because we were five years the biggest dunes, I think the biggest dunes probably in the world. And they're in Scotland.

And Scotland's known for dunes, but not necessarily the biggest ones. It should have the biggest.

And these are the great dunes of Scotland. And everyone told me, "You couldn't get it zoned. It would be impossible." You couldn't even walk on them. They wouldn't let you walk on them. And I got it zoned. I got it zoned for two courses, and I built the one. It was very successful. And then, the other one.

The zoning was running out. I had like two months to start it a year ago. I said, "Well, you'll never get it zoned again, that I can tell you." And so, if I start it, we'll be fine. And if I don't start it, well, you know, you'll lose it. So, we actually started it for that reason. Very complicated deal.

And I'll never forget, after five years, it looked like we weren't going to get it. And Sean Connery, the great actor --

James Bond, the original James Bond --

Who's from Scotland, very much -- he's the king of -- I call him the king of Scotland. But he came along. And I met him a couple of times. I liked him and he liked me, and he was watching this whole process for years, go a long, long -- it was, you know, big environmental mess. And he said, "Let the bloody bloke build his golf club, let him build. He wants to invest money in Scotland. Let him build his bloody golf course."

I'll never forget it. And as soon as he said that, everything -- I got everything.

I called him, I said you're the most -- you're the greatest zoning lawyer I've ever had. As soon as he said that, they held a special session, they approved everything. So, anyway, so they gave me a long period of time to do the second. And a few months ago, we started it, and it's going to be incredible.

It'll be equal -- I said, "Let's make them." You can't -- you cannot do better --

Than that course. It's incredible. But I said, "Let's make it as good as opposed to making a, you know, a poor brother."

Yeah.

A lot of great stories.

Well, I have great locations. In Los Angeles, you know I have 600 acres on the ocean.

And I don't need it because we never advertise because it's always full. I think it gets the most per round. It's a daily fee or a public course.

You can't take them actually private along the ocean over there. That's why Pebble Beach is, you know, basically --

It's a public course.

But -- and I think I'd rather not. Actually, I like it the way it is, but it does tremendous business. But that course is unbelievable. And we have a little ad that we would have used. I have the ocean, Pebble Beach has the bay, OK, which is true.

I have the ocean.

No, no, I'm on the ocean. I mean, this is on the ocean --

For tremendous spans. I mean, every hole -- every hole is on the ocean.

But I say I have the ocean, Pebble Beach has the bay. But so far, I've never advertised because, you know --

You don't need to.

We are getting --

That's true.

Right, right.

Yeah, we did good, we got 50. From the women's tees.

It's nice when you have a guy who can drive greens, you know.

Yeah, I know it's -- it's the best score they've had, 50. We shot a 50. I mean Sergio shot 56. I think Sergio is such a good guy.

I said, Sergio, come on, give me a break, right? But, you know, it's hard to do. You need 15 birdies and five eagles --

to break it.

And the hard ones are par 3s --

Because even if you're -- you know, you're playing for the women's here. But even if you're 150, 160 yards, you got to put it --

And you got to make a birdie, and it's not that easy.

Yeah.

Yeah, no, I had a couple. And I mean, look, let's never underestimate Bryson. He played -- he played great. He's a great putter, too. You know people don't know about Bryson, he's -- number one, he's a fantastic guy, but he can really putt --

And a lot of people talk about his distance, and he's the longest on the tour.

I know him all. I mean, I know the guys. He's actually the longest. And -- and he's very straight, hits it great, but he is a fantastic putter.

And he's a great player. I mean, if it weren't for the LIV Golf stuff with the world ranking points, I mean, he'd be right there near the top. Oh, he should be -- yeah, he should be there, but he made the right deal. They're all happy on LIV --

Well, they've -- they've got unlimited funding.

That I can tell you. Even the guys that want to play with a tour, they come to Saudi for the money, you know.

And they've done some really great things. You know, like music. You never had music. Today, like 70 percent of the people, they're playing music on the course.

And once you get used to that, it's hard to play without it.

You know, It gives it a little life and excitement. They've done a lot of good things, and they're fantastic people.

And they're very happy. The LIV golfers are very, very happy.

Yeah.

And, you know, you had the Bryson win --

Recently, the US Open, with a great shot and a great putt.

People don't talk about the four-foot putt that he hit.

That would have been -- he just walked up and hit it. Let me tell you, that was a -- that was a great shot, though.

I said if he makes that putt, which he will --

But if he makes that putt, that'll go down as one of the top five shots ever hit.

He have to. He won the US Open --

With a 60-yard sand shot. That's a hard shot.

Well, that's the thing, they don't even practice them very much --

Because it's a very hard shot to figure, so --

But he hit a knuckle ball out of there, and that thing just was perfect.

He does, he does. He does have that.

Eight.

I have eight.

Well, it's strange, yeah, but I've had people with more. They say Art Wall has 48 --

But they say Ben Hogan had none. Can you believe that?

That's because he hit it so good, it just wouldn't stop. It didn't move. But they say he had none. I don't know. It's hard to believe, actually.

Well, one, the last one I made was with Ernie Els --

And I had Gene Sauers and Ernie Els and Ken Duke and --

We had some really good golfers in the group. I think we were playing a fivesome actually and Ernie on the sixth hole. I had a par 5 that's a par 3.

That was 188 yards. There was a little wind in the face, a little bit. And I hit a 5-iron. And it took one bounce and one in the hole. And Ernie said, "Nice shot." He was my partner, it was we -- we had a good -- a good partnership going. And that was great. I mean, it was -- you know, you're playing with old tour players --

And you make a hole-in-one. That's pretty cool.

And Ernie is so good. Gene Sauers won the US Open a few years ago --

You know, senior.

Ken Duke is --

Fantastic.

And we had -- we had another guy in that group who's a friend of mine, who's a fantastic player, too, a pro. And we had a good time. But that was one of the nice --

You know, it's nice to make a hole-in-one when you're playing with some guys where it matters, where they --

Where they can actually say, "Oh, good shot," because they don't say it too often. And they said a lot of good shots.

Yeah.

Good.

Yeah.

Wow.

So, what's your handicap?

That's good.

Let me hit some shots, I got to play. So, do you want to do some more someplace else?

OK.

Yeah, let's do a little bit.

Thanks, fellas. All right, watch this. You wouldn't believe this. Look at that. Who would believe that? You think Joe Biden -- you think Joe Biden can do that?

I don't think so. Joe, remember he challenged me?

Well, I said, I'll do it. I offered him $1 million. He said he's a 6.

I said you're not a 60, He's not a 60.

So, I said I'll give you $1 million if you can break a hundred. I said, "Here." Yeah. I said, "A million -- a million if you can break a hundred." Now, a 6 can break a hundred easy, right?

But he can't.

Oh, that was terrible.

That was not -- Stephen Ames was a good player. It was not --

We got a little sassy, that's all. That was --

Can't do it.

That was a bad match. OK. Do you think they're impressed now? I don't have to show anymore, right?

How's this swing look? Pretty good?

Pretty good, right?

Pretty good. People say --

Well, mostly --

Really, my short game is good. I mean it's so low -- honestly, I don't like saying because people wouldn't believe it because I'm at an age where I should be losing it. And I haven't. I've been able to play. I believe I'm a better player now than I was 25 years ago.

Isn't it crazy? You've heard that?

And I mean, I just won the club championship at -- in Palm Beach --

Where we have 21 scratch players.

I won the seniors, and I played so well in the seniors. I said, I might as well play in the regular. And I beat kids at -- that are, you know, very good players.

We have 21 scratch players, scratch or better. And I won. So, you know, you can't do that easily.

And a lot of people can't play in club championships. I know guys in club championships, they can't play. You play with them, they're scratch players. I say, "Are you going to play in the club championships?" "No, I'll be away." "What do you mean you'll be away?" "I'll be away, sir. I'm making a trip. I can't change it." Because they can't play.

Do you understand that?

The club championship is our major.

And they can't handle the pressure. He said, "I stand over a three-foot putt, I can't even see the hole."

The guy about himself. And I said, "That's too bad." But he -- but they're like scratch players, pretty close to scratch players.

I have one guy he's better than a scratch player, but he can't -- he can never even qualify.

Yeah.

Jack is great.

Jack is great. Gary Player, Lee Trevino, those old guys. You know the pictures of the older guys from my clubhouses, they like it the best. Ben Hogan, they love Ben Hogan.

They love Sam Snead, the great Sam Snead.

Jack is fantastic. He was such a killer.

I mean he was just brutal.

He would -- he would win. And you know, when the pressure goes, you see people choking coming down the line. He got better. You know, he's one of the few, you get better. Some of them -- Gary Player --

He won 168 tournaments. He won, I guess, 18 something, like nine and nine, right?

That's unbelievable.

So, I've been playing with him since he's 70. And now he's like 88.

I don't think I've ever seen him miss a shot.

Gary is unbelievable. Those guys are just great, and they're -- they're a lot of fun to be with.

Well, my wife hates it when I come home because I come home with so many trophies, and she says, "Not another one." So, usually, I'm forced to take some out, and I put them around the clubhouses. But we have a lot of trophies, a lot of -- a lot of club championships and member guests. You know, you play, but that's not pressure.

A member guest isn't pressure. You know, you play with four or five people and a pro.

And there's no pressure there. You're all hitting a best ball. That's -- that's not what I mean. The club championships are pressure.

It's a whole -- I mean, I'm not talking about with strokes either. You know, you have some of these things where they have A flight, B flight. I don't even really do that with --

With my clubs because it doesn't mean anything. You got a guy who has too many strokes, and, you know, you can't do it. But the -- the club championship, the real club championship is big pressure for a lot of people. Really good golfers don't play in them because they don't want to be embarrassed.

You know, your name is up, and they don't want to, you know --

Ride along then you shot 91.

Well --

They're -- they're the right -- I mean, I've played with many guys that are scratch, but they'll never win a club championship.

It's just funny. It's just -- it's like -- it's our major, and they can't play under that. And then, you have some that can. I have guys that aren't that good that do well in club championships. You know, it's a different --

It's a mentality, it's in -- right there --

That's a big part of golf, right?

So, thank you very much. Good luck with your projects.

Oh, that's good.

Oh, they're great. I'll tell you that.

Oh, they're great. Those guys are great. Well, good luck with that.

You look like you're better than a 5.

Thank you very much.

Great honor, fellas.