Isn't it terrible?

It's so terrible. Everything like IVF, every single thing that whatever I'm for, they make it the opposite. It's -- the -- look, I've dealt with crooked Hillary. I've dealt with Biden, sleepy Joe. I've dealt with all of them. There's no liar like these people. These are the worst. And you know why? Because they have nothing going.

Every single thing -- they even said, "Oh, he doesn't want to frac," OK? Now, I've been for fracking and drilling. I've -- I've never spent a day of my life or an hour saying don't do it. I'm a big believer because it's what we need. And they have a thing that -- about fracking, that I'm opposed to it, when they're actually opposed to it.

These are really lies. I was even wondering we should go to court and do something about it because it's fraud. It's actually beyond election interference. It's fraud. And, you know, she's not even campaigning today. She's taken a day off. You have 14 days and it's the presidency and she's taking two days off now and I haven't taken a day off in 52 days. Can you imagine?

That's a lot of fun. But no, we have to get the job done because if we don't get this job done, our country is finished. She is a terrible person, and I never saw lying like this. You're right. Every single thing they have, on abortion -- and you know my stance on abortion with the states' rights --

The vote of the people and all that stuff and with exceptions like Ronald Reagan, you know, the three exceptions. They don't put that. They say like hard line. These are just -- I mean, just terrible people.

But you don't need to --

Because it's going back to the states. Yeah, well, they lie. Oh, they're just unbelievable. Yeah, they're actually saying that, too. They are unbelievable. And no matter what I say, it's the exact opposite because what I say is what people want and it's common sense. We call it the commonsense party, right? And they're going just -- now, they're doing that because she's taking 15 different policies.

You know, one is hard to get out of, but every single thing because she's a radical left Marxist or whatever she may be.

But she's radical left like nobody has ever been. Well, she's beyond a Marxist, I think. You know, Marxist is not great, but she's beyond. She's the -- she's further left by a lot than Pocahontas or Bernie Sanders, OK? And -- and our president -- we can't have a president like that.

But also, she's not smart. She's not a smart person.

Our country would be destroyed if she becomes president. And, you know, part of the reason I'm actually talking much tougher because you don't want to talk this way about somebody, it's the head of the party, etc. But we literally -- if she became president, I don't think our country has a chance. It doesn't have a chance. It'll be --

It's a disaster.

Yeah.

Yeah. Well, just think of it, they're going after me like nobody's in terms of weaponization with the Justice Department, the FBI, local DAs that report to them, local attorney generals that report to them. I mean, can you imagine? That's never happened in this country before. These are -- these are bad people.

These are really bad people, almost, I would say, sick people. And we can't let this happen. So, I'm doing -- I'm -- I'm working every -- and I -- I'm inspired to do it. You know, she actually said, "Oh, Trump is getting tired." I'm not getting tired. She's getting tired. She's the one that's not -- she's the one that's not working now.

If I go and criticize something they said, the -- the media goes, "Oh, he's played right into her hands." You know, it's -- in other words, if you defend yourself -- like in the debates, she said things that, oh, maybe my crowds weren't as big as I was saying. I said, "No, not only are they big, I turn away people for every rally."

So, I say that, and they go, "He played right into her hand." Well, what are you supposed to do? Just let them say it. It is so, so terrible. And, you know, the media is a big part of it, though, because they know what's right and they know what's wrong, and they are totally -- they're really dishonest.

When I came up with the word fake news, it was a great term, but it's really not tough enough. It's -- it's much worse than fake.

Yeah.

Yup.

Yup.

Well, she's in the hands of the union, and the union is -- and -- and by the way, there's nobody more for teachers than I am. We're going to take great care of our teachers, better than they take care of them. But there's -- so there's nobody -- I -- I -- you know, I've had great teachers and I have teachers that weren't so great.

And the ones that are great, they're very, very important to our country. So, there's nobody that feels about teachers or very few than I do. So, look, she's totally controlled by the teachers union, and it's very sad when you see -- when you see it happening from an educational standpoint. Now, you take a look at where we're ranked as a nation.

Out of the top 40 schools, we're 38, 39, or 40 every year. And yet, we spend most per pupil. We -- by far, we spend more than any other country. You have Norway, Denmark. You have all these countries. I hate to tell you this, but you also have China, which is usually in the top five. As big as it is, you have China.

But Norway, Denmark, Sweden, you have these countries. And per pupil, we spend much more, and we're ranked at No. 40, 39, or 38.

Yeah.

Well, I think it is. And when you look at the FBI and what they're doing to parents, they've taken away parental rights. You know, the -- when you get up -- like when I get up before an audience and I start speaking, "I will guard your parental rights," I'm saying I can't believe I actually have to say this.

Who would think that the parents don't have control over their child; or as a group, that they don't have control over children, their children that they love? And they literally have taken that right away from people. And, you know, as -- as far as -- if you're a Catholic, how can you vote for Kamala because what they've done to Catholics are unbelievable? You happen to not be Catholic.

What they've done to Catholics is unbelievable. Someday, the Catholic -- some Catholics are going to have to explain what have they -- I mean, they're being -- they're being persecuted, actually. So, there's a lot of strange things going on. You know, we're not so far away from being a country that's a very evil place. We're not going to let it happen.

Yeah, that's right.

Yup.

Yeah.

That's right.

Yup.

No, they don't want her and nobody else does either. And I don't think the people want her either. So, we've had a lot of results coming in, and the results look like at the upper side and beyond of what we were hoping for. So, who knows? And frankly, I don't know, you could cut it if you like, Mark, but they cheat and what they do is they -- they are just so bad, but they cheat on elections.

What they do with the borders is unbelievable. Think of it. You need borders and you need good elections, right? We don't have borders. Our borders -- I built hundreds of miles of border wall. We had the best records, the best numbers in the history of our country. And then you look at -- you see the famous chart.

But from that chart, from the day I left, it looked like a rocket ship, how it went up. And now, it's just terrible. And remember, they fly people in. So, you know, they were saying, well, we're going to -- you know, they wanted -- they were getting decimated by the polls. So, they said, "All right. Good. We'll do it."

They must want open borders, but they said, "All right. We'll do it." And they toughened it up a little bit, so it looks a little bit better, but they forgot to tell people that they're flying people into the country. They're -- they're sending these big jumbo jets, and they're taking thousands of people into our country by jet.

That doesn't play well.

Yeah.

Well, they're doing it, and they're doing things that nobody thought was possible to do. They are allowing drugs to come in freely. They're allowing people to come in freely. They're allowing murderers to come in freely. So, you have 13,099. Border Patrol released these numbers, and they've never released these numbers.

In other words, they were never specific like this. They never did this before, but they feel they're in trouble. You know the Border Patrol endorsed me strongly a few days ago, like strongly. But interestingly, when they endorsed me, they also said she's the worst president they've ever seen -- worst vice president/president, administration that they've ever seen.

They've never -- and it's -- it's not easy for them to say that. They're the Border Patrol. They work inside of government. And what they said about her, and I just hope that people remember that when they vote, Mark. I just hope they remember it. We have to get them out. We can't -- and we can't play too cute either. I'm -- I'm saying --

I'm saying things that normally I wouldn't say in terms of the level of -- you know, the level -- the level of strength. I would not say some of the things. Number one, she's not a smart person at all. I mean, at all. And we've had four years of a person who is not smart, and he had -- in addition to that, he had other problems.

We've had four years. The country is going to break. We can't take another four years like the four years we just had.

Yeah.

Right.

Yup.

Well, you know, I've been consistent for years. People see old clips of me from 25 years ago on Oprah's show. Oprah used to be a friend of mine until I ran for politics, which is fine. But they see old clips, they say, "This is the most consistent guy." I said they're ripping our car industry. You know, they've taken 60 percent of our car industry over the course of a lot of years, 60 percent.

We're bringing it all back, Mark, through tariffs, smart -- you know, the most beautiful word is tariffs. We can make our country so rich. And other countries impose tariffs on us. That's the amazing thing. We get tariffs imposed on us. And when we want to do it, we have certain people that don't want to do it.

I've taken in hundreds of billions of dollars from China. No president has ever taken in $0.10. And you know what, China respected us. And now, China laughs at us. Remember when the initial transition when they went to Alaska and they had a meeting and they started lecturing us about human rights and everything else?

And we -- and we had our guys sitting there, listening. No, it's terrible. But today is so big because they've given the Israeli war plans against Iran. They've given -- can you imagine they have --

The -- in -- supposedly in great detail, but the Israeli war plans against Iran, all different methods. Probably won't change. But all different approaches, they've given them. And Blinken or somebody flew over there to talk to them because, you know, it's -- I guess you don't want to tell them that over the phone.

But at this point, what difference does it make? So, they've gotten the plans. Can you imagine your allies -- even other allies, they see this, you know, who wants to do business with -- with them? So, it's a -- it's a terrible situation, actually.

Yeah, that's true.

But you have to find out the person that did it. You got to find out the person that did it.

Yeah.

Yeah.

Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. We're going to find out. Yup, we're going to find out.

You can always find out. If you want to do the --

You know, if you want to find the leakers, you can always find the leakers. You understand that.

It's very easy.

No, no. To find the leaker is very easy, but we don't use methods anymore where you can do that. We -- we, you know, give the criminals such latitude, we're not allowed to find them. But if you want to find a leaker, you can always. I thought the leak from the Supreme Court was just a shame.

And -- and I think that's something that also should be found out.

It can all be found out very easily.

Yeah, that's right. It's -- Mark, it's not even -- some of the things that you and I have talked about over the years watching this group of people destroy our country, it's not even believable. Men playing in women's sports, OK?

I've never had -- I said it today. We had a big news conference while -- while Kamala is sleeping. She's sleeping. She's sleeping. Can you believe it?

No, she's running for president and she's in, sleeping. Oh, boy. Oh, boy. But think of it. Has anybody ever come up to you and say, "Listen, I demand that we --" You know, we hear, like, two parts of every story, right? Has anybody ever said, "We want to see men playing in women's sports?" I've never had anybody come up and say --

We really have to let women play in -- you have to do me a favor, President, you have to work it out so that men can play in women's sports. Nobody's ever mentioned this to me.

And yet, it's like this big deal for them. I think they want to destroy the country basically because there's no other reason. Well, the other reason is voting. They want to put them in the voter rolls, I guess.

Yes. Yup.

Yeah.

Get out to vote. But, Mark, you're right, get out and vote. But if you didn't do it, you got to vote on -- by the 5th. You have to vote on the 5th, the 5th of November. You know, I -- I do have to give them that little attitude. You know, Republicans tended to vote -- they seem to be voting early right now, and the numbers are, so far, great.

The polls are good. I guess we're five up. It was just announced, we're five up in Georgia, and we're doing great in North Carolina. Can you imagine, in North Carolina, they had their highest vote ever and the place was just decimated by the

They have to get out. Ideally, get out early, but get out. You know, I -- I've been sort of very strong on that. Just make sure you get out. And we have to watch very carefully that this is going to be a fair election because they've been so bad. They've been so bad, so disgraceful. So, we need borders and we need good elections.

And let's see how this all turns out, Mark, but hopefully, it's going to be very good.

Yeah.

Well, we have -- we had a big McDonald's day the other day, that I can tell you.

That -- that thing -- that turned out to be a big monster of a story. That was a strange story. That was a -- that was a big monster. That was sort of -- supposed to be a little throwaway, and it ended up being a big deal. But it was a lot of fun, Mark. And --

I have to tell you, Mark, you're --

You're an amazing guy and just keep it going.

Boy, we need you. We need you.

Thank you very much. It's exciting times because we have a great future planned. And we have to get this done. We have to get this election. This is the most important election -- I really believe, and I know you do --

The most important election we've ever had.

So, thank you, Mark, very much.

Thanks, Mark. Thank you very much, Mark. Thank you.