Oh!  Thank you very much. Beautiful. Hello, everybody. Hi, Sean.

Nice one.

OK.

Hello, everybody. Thank you, David.  Wow.

Nice crowd.

It's a big crowd.

Well, it's a sick and angry world for a lot of reasons, and we're going to make it better. We're going to heal our world. We're going to get rid of all these wars that are starting all over the place because of incompetent American leadership. And we're going to make it better. You know, Viktor Orban made a statement.

They said, "Bring Trump back and we won't have any problems." He was very strong about that. So, we're going to hopefully do very well. We have an election coming up and actually, you know, they keep saying 60, but it starts in Delaware and North Carolina and other places a lot sooner than that. So, I think we're going to be very well set up to do a great job.

And do we love Pennsylvania? Do we love

Thank you.

You know, one thing I'll say is that we did great in 2016. We did much better in 2020. We've got millions of more votes, but there has never been enthusiasm like we have now. I mean, I see it all over. There's never been anything like it. And I hear the polls are very close, and we have a little lead and a little -- I just find it hard to believe because, first of all, they've been so bad.

They've done such a bad job, but that's why the enthusiasm is so good because they never had anything to compare it by. You know, I ran and we did -- I didn't have anything at all. I just was a successful businessman, and we did a good campaign. But the next time we had something special, we could talk about what we did, but we never could imagine we'd have borders where 20 million people have poured into our country.

Many criminals from all over the world are coming into our country. They're coming from jails not just South America, from all over the world. They're coming in at levels that nobody's ever seen. They're coming from prisons. They're allowing prisoners to come out of all countries. Almost 180 countries were represented over the last number of months, 180.

Most people don't know that you have that many countries. They're emptying out their prisons and jails. They're emptying out their mental institutions and insane asylums. They're emptying out the sickest people, and they're emptying all into the United States. And you said it better than anybody, more terrorists have come into the United States in the last three years.

And I think probably 50 years. There's never been anything like it. These people are so bad. They're so dangerous. What they've done to our country is they are destroying our country. And we can't let this happen. If they won, you'd have not 20 million, you have 100 million people, you won't have Social Security, you won't have Medicare, you won't have anything already.

If you take a look at the numbers, they're filling up and loading up Social Security, Medicare with illegal immigrants that have come into our country, many of them from jails and many of them from very bad places. And we're not going to destroy our country, Sean.

I said at the beginning, I said -- when I heard they were going to have open borders, they want open borders, she wants open borders. Now, she's all of a sudden saying, "Oh, I think we'll close the borders." She was the border czar, whether you like it or not. But even if you don't want to use that term, she was in charge of the border.

It's the worst border in the history of the world, not just here. There's never been a country that allowed 21 million people to come in over a 3-year period. There's never been. And 21 million people, many of whom are from prisons, many of whom are murderers and drug dealers and child traffickers and by the way, women traffickers.

You know, women trafficking is the biggest and they're traffickers in women, and they're coming in now and they're putting them in our Social Security accounts and they're putting them in Medicare.  And just one thing, if you take a look over the last week, I said this was going to happen.

And it's happening because these people are tougher than our criminals. Our criminals are nice people by comparison. That's the only good thing. We're showing how nice our criminals are. They came from 22 people, recently, came from the Congo in Africa. "Where do you come from?" "Prison." "What did you do?" "We refuse to say."

We're letting everybody in. We're letting everybody in. Take a look at Aurora in Colorado, where Venezuelans are taking over the whole town. They're taking over buildings, the whole town. And the sheriff, who can blame them? I mean they have AK-47s. You saw it the other day, they're knocking down doors and occupying apartments of people.

The people are petrified, and it's getting worse and worse. You look at New York, Chicago, Los Angeles. And now, you look at all over the place, you take a look at Iowa, Idaho, places that never had the problem. They're pouring in 21 million people, that's bigger than New York. And we have to stop it and we have to do the largest deportation in the history of --

I was so honored today.

His brother endorsed me.

And his whole family. I saw the picture. And honestly, it was a very nice-looking family. But his brother endorsed me and the whole family endorsed me. I said, "Who are all the people?"

No, no. Let me tell you, there's something weird with that guy. He's a weird guy. JD is not weird, he's a solid rock. I happen to be a very solid rock. We're not weird. We're other things perhaps, but we're not weird, but he is a weird guy. He walks onto the stage. There's something wrong with that guy.

And he called me weird and then the fake news media picks it up. That was the word of the day weird, weird, weird, they're all going, but we're not weird guys. We're very solid people that want our country to be great again. I mean it's very simple.

Well, before you even start with that, of course, it's ridiculous, you can't do it. No country could sustain this, but she wants no fracking in Pennsylvania. She wants no fracking,  And she said it 100 times, there will be no fracking. There will be no fracking. There will be no fracking.

Then just recently she said, "Yes, I could approve fracking." Look, this is a woman who is dangerous, I don't think, too smart, but let's see. But she loses her train of thought a lot. She goes -- that's why she doesn't want to do interviews. Can you imagine her doing an interview like this or like any of them? I mean, she did an interview with Dana Bash on CNN.

And you know I have to tell you, Dana Bash did the debate with Joe Biden with --

I used to call him Fake Tapper, but I don't do that anymore. You know why? Because he was very honorable, and so was she. And I thought that she would give a fair interview based on the debate because she was fair. I was surprised, to be honest with you, I didn't expect that, but she was fair. I thought I did well.

I don't think he did too well. Although a friend of mine said, "You shouldn't have done the interview. He's not going to make it." And you know what? He didn't make it. You know, think of this, it's very unfair in a lot of ways. I complained about it, but she ran against him in the primaries. She got no votes, no votes.

And she was the first to leave, I think 22 people or something like that. And she dropped, she was down to nothing, never even made Iowa, and he got 14 million votes and they threw him out. They said, "We want you out," and he wasn't going to win. I don't think. I mean, I don't think he was going to win.

But we did a good debate, we had a good debate, and it was a fair debate. And he was down like 18 or 19 points after the debate. And I hate mosquitoes, I'm surprised. I didn't think we had -- we don't like those mosquitoes running around. We want nothing to do with them. And we want nothing to do with bad politicians that hate our country, too, you want to know the truth.

But he had -- they went to him and they said, "We want you out. You're not going to win," and it was really a coup when you think about it. And the woman who came in, the person that came in last -- I mean, she came in last, she was the first one out, out of all those people. You had many people that did pretty well.

It was actually close at the end. And then in South Carolina -- and by the way, New Hampshire was so badly treated by the Democrat Party and by Joe Biden and her. I can't imagine New Hampshire voting for him. Anybody in New Hampshire, because they're watching right now, but anybody in New Hampshire that votes for Biden and Kamala, I really think -- I call her Comrade Kamala because that's what her ideology is.

But you know that she did something after decades and decades and decades. It was Iowa, the first two, Iowa and New Hampshire. And that's the way people thought it was going to be. He didn't want to go to New Hampshire. He didn't want to play the New Hampshire game. And so, he went to a different state.

We won't mention it, it's a great state. I won it by a lot. I love that state. But he dumped New Hampshire. And I said to people today, "Who the hell from New Hampshire would vote for this guy?" He changed the whole primary system. He changed the whole system because he took them out of the order.

And I think it's going to have a big effect. We really want to win New Hampshire. I've done well there, and we really want to win New Hampshire.

This was supposed to be a debate tonight, so I would have preferred it.

I think he's a nice guy, but I would have preferred a debate.

But this is the best we could do, Sean. This is the best we can do.

No. This was a debate.

So, the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania cannot even take a chance because that's their real opinion of her. Now the whole country would go down the tubes if you didn't do the fossil fuel thing. It just would go, and you could do all sorts of other things. But you know, Germany tried it and it lasted for about nine months, and they were going to go down the tubes entirely.

And somebody else came in, and I hate to say, they're building a coal plant every single week, every week, and they're building nuclear and they're doing a lot of things. It's never worked. It never will work. But Pennsylvania can't take a chance, that that answer is true. But she's been there for 20 years.

That's what she's been saying for a long time, and she will do that. There's no chance that she's going to allow it. The election will take place if she won, you're not going to have any fracking in Pennsylvania. You have 500,000 jobs. Think of that. That's your biggest business. And you get a big majority of your income from fracking, and you have somebody that's not going to allow fracking.

She's not going to allow it. You can't take the chance. You have no choice. You've got to vote for me. You've got to vote for me. You've got to even if you don't like me, you know? No, but even if you don't like me, you can sit there and say, "I can't stand that guy, but there's no way I'm going to vote for her."

No, you have to have fracking. You know you're the biggest in the country for this. You have two of the biggest sites in the world. It's a massive business for Pennsylvania, and you can't take a chance. She will not allow fracking, she's not going to -- and she's got a lot of other problems, too. But for your particular -- for the Commonwealth, you have no choice but to allow it.

Thank you very much.

I'll say something also.

They wanted notes.

And they wanted a desk, they didn't want to do it. I said, "You got to do a standup."

Yeah, but they wanted a desk from the beginning. You know who else wanted a desk? Sleepy Joe, he wanted a desk.

So, she wants to be politically correct, and we can't be politically correct anymore. Look, look, we have October 7th. People saw it. We have things going on in the world right now with Israel and with the Middle East is blowing up, it's blowing up. We have Ukraine and Russia that would never happen.

That would have never happened, October 7th would have never happened. If I were the president, it would have never happened, and everybody knew it. Iran was broke, they didn't have the money for Hamas and for Hezbollah. They didn't have the money for anybody. They wanted to get by, and we would have made a fair deal with them.

I was only looking to make a fair deal with them. But you know, I wanted to say it so much during my term, we went four years without any blow-ups. We had no World Trade Center blow-up, we had no radical, Islamic terrorists. We had no radical, Islamic terrorists because we were very tough at the borders, and we were very tough with our statements.

And we had no -- the whole world was a safe place. That was the question they asked Viktor Orban, who's really considered a very strong -- they said he's a strong man. Sometimes you need a strong man. He's a strong man. He's the prime minister of Hungary. And he said, "You bring back Trump." Now I'm not saying it, but he said it because I'd rather say respect, but he said, "Everybody was afraid of Trump. You bring him back, you're not going to have any problems. It's all going to go away."

The world is blowing up. The world is blowing up well.

And Sean, one thing, the world is blowing up. And when you look at Ukraine and you look at Russia, you look at all the things that are happening, we are potentially getting ready. I'm telling you, and I've made a lot of predictions, and this is not a prediction because it's so bad. I don't want it to be a prediction.

We're heading into World War 3 territory. And because of the power of weapons, nuclear weapons in particular, but other weapons also, and I know the weapons better than anybody because I'm the one that bought them, and you know we rebuilt our entire military. We upgraded our entire program. And, you know, the one program I hated to upgrade, hated it, was the nuclear program.

And I understand it maybe better than anybody. My uncle was at MIT, a professor, the longest-serving professor in the history of MIT, a very smart guy. We have a smart family. It's nice to have a smart family. But I knew -- I understood nuclear for a long time, the power of nuclear weapons. You need a president that's not going to be taking you into war.

We won't have World War 3 when I'm elected. But with these clowns that you have in there now, you're going to end up having World War 3. And it's going to be a war like no other.

So, it's not that different, it's still about the forgotten men and the forgotten women. The people are being treated horribly in this country. We're a country that's being laughed at all over the world. And I'll be honest, if Joe Biden would be a great president, I would be happier than being the worst president in the history of our country because I want to see what's good for the country, and I would have been very happy.

I have very nice places I could be. This is not easy. I got shot at, you know? I mean, I got hit. I got hit.

I could have been all over the place. I could have -- but you know what? It's very simple and it starts with make America great again. That's what we have to do.

Thank you. Thank you.

But nobody was tougher with Russia than me. I shut down the biggest pipeline in the world that Russia was building. It was called Nord Stream 2.

Nobody ever heard of it. And I said no way. I said to Germany, "There's no way we're going to protect you with NATO and spend billions of dollars protecting Europe. And you guys are going to be buying oil from the person and the group that we're protecting you from." And I shut it down, it was 100% shutdown.

And then this pathetic person comes in, and he immediately approves it. But he shut down the Keystone XL pipeline, our pipeline.  And the head of that union by the way, the Pipefitters union, the pipeline union, the head of that union nominated and was a big deal in the Biden campaign, and he endorsed him.

And those people, 48,000 people lost their jobs. It was all approved. I got it approved. Obama rejected it, I approved it, it was starting. They spend billions of dollars. It was also -- and they rejected. It would have been fantastic for us, including the 48,000 jobs. And what he did is he let Russia build the pipeline that I had stopped.

It was totally stopped going to Germany and other countries. Think of it. We protect them from Russia, and yet they pay Russia billions of dollars. Does it make sense? So, I was the toughest in Russia. Putin would even say, "You know, if you're not the toughest guy, you're killing us. I'd hate to see you if you were really tough."

This was the biggest job they've ever had, and I stopped it. And you know what? Russia would have been fine. China would have been fine. China was fine. China paid us hundreds of billions of dollars in taxes and tariffs under me, under no other president. And I mean, right from the beginning, did they pay $0.10?

By the way, she didn't work at McDonald's, right?

Did she work at McDonald's? Because --

I don't think so based on what I --

So, I gave you the biggest tax cuts in the history of our country. If you let them -- if you let the Trump tax cuts expire, which she wants to do, she wants to terminate them. If you do that, you will suffer the biggest tax increase in history. There's never been a tax increase like it on top of which she wants to add a lot of tax.

This country will end up -- and I've said this a lot, and I mean it. This country will end up in a depression if she becomes president like 1929. This will be a 1929 depression. She has no idea what the hell she's doing.

Well, she wants to do that. This is where you have something, you don't even know what the value is. I'll tell you what. If that's going to happen, go out and open an appraisal company because you're going to make a fortune. That's about the only group that's going to make it and accountants. It is the craziest idea.

And remember this, very rich people and big international corporations, they don't have to stay in the United States, and they will be forced to leave for other countries. They can't afford to do a thing like that. They may have great wealth and no cash, and they're going to have to pay cash. Where are they going to get the cash? If they do that, the unrealized capital gain, you know, it's been talked about for a few years by ultra-left Marxists only like her father is a Marxist.

Her father's a Marxist teacher of economics. Can you believe this? But if that happened, this country -- and I think forgetting about that, that particular -- she's got a lot of things that are just as bad. If she gets in, I think we will have a depression, 1929-style depression. That's what I think will happen to our country. Already, they've set us on a path.

Well, she called it gauging.

Many times.

Yeah. every time it's been tried, no matter -- over hundreds of years -- not just over hundreds of years, price controls, you end up with no product, you end up with massive inflation, and you end up with the destruction of a country.

Yeah

I have to say though -- Sean, ABC is the worst network in terms of fairness. They had a poll where I was 17 points down a couple of days prior to the election. I was 17 points down in Wisconsin, and they do that so, people don't vote because, you know, "Hey, I love Trump, but he's 17 points out. I'm not going to go out and vote."

I was 17 points down and I won, and I called the best pollster. I said, "Why wouldn't they say five or four or three?" Because at three you go and vote. At 17, your people say, "I want to vote, but you know I'm busy. I have other things to do. Let's go see a movie, and we'll watch the results later." They are the most dishonest network, the meanest, the nastiest, but that was what I was presented with.

I was presented with ABC, George Slapadopoulos. You know who he is. And he's a nasty guy, and yet he's a nasty guy. I've had him up to here. But let me tell you, he's a very, very bad kind of a guy. But I watched his interview of Joe Biden, it was like the softest interview I've ever seen. It was softer than the CNN interview of Kamala.

But they're very nasty. And I think a lot of people are going to be watching to see how nasty they are, how unfair they are. I agreed to do it because they wouldn't do any other network. The other thing is her best friend is the head of the network. Her husband's, best friend is married to the head of the network, and they're going to get the questions  I've already heard, they're going to get the questions in advance.

They even have Donna Brazile. Remember Donna Brazile? She gave  Donna Brazile. She's another real -- she's a real beauty, Donna Brazile. She gave Hillary Clinton the questions. Do you remember that?  And she works for ABC, and she's at the roundtable talking about the debate.

So, we're going to watch very closely, but you're not allowed to do it. We even have a clause in the contract. You can't give them the questions, but I probably -- I'm not sure it's going to help her that much though. I think I'm -- you might give her the questions and give her the answers to the questions. I'm not sure it's going to help her.

He always does this, you know?

Our time is up, but you know what? Let's make two shows out of it.

Thank you very much.

Thank you very much.

Thank you, David.

So, thank you, David, and good luck with the race. It's really important that you win. I hope you're going to vote. He's a great gentleman and he's a great warrior. The first thing we have to do, we have to strengthen our country from within, and we have a lot of bad people from within, but we have to straighten it.

We have to, number one, have a border like we had it four years ago, which was strong, where the wrong people didn't get in. We have to have that. The other thing, we want to become again energy independent. We were energy-independent four years ago. And what we really want is energy dominance. And then, as you know, we -- I rebuilt the entire military, and we had it like nobody has ever had it before.

And then this guy gave away $85 billion worth of equipment to Afghanistan  in the most embarrassing moment in the history of our country. But we have a lot more than that. We rebuilt the military. We want to be strong, but we want to do it in peace through strength. That's what we want, peace through strength.

We shouldn't have to use our military, but we're going to have the greatest military in the world. Thank you, David.

Hi, Deborah.

Thank you, Deborah. Thank you.

So, we need a strong president. And you know, I actually think we had a very stable administration, but we were hit with this weaponization. We were hit -- weaponized, they've never done this before. The weaponization, all of the different Russia, Russia, Russia, hoax, all of the different hoaxes, and we won every single one of them.

The most important thing -- and I found it, and you could say this is true in business also, we have to get the right people. When I first went there, 2016, we were -- I had a lot of good people. I had a lot of good advice, but I put people in that in some cases were not what I really wanted because I didn't know much about Washington.

I was there 17 times in my whole life, and I wasn't in DC very much, but I got to know them and I got to know them the hard way. And I know the good ones, the bad ones, the weak ones, the smart ones, the dumb ones, I know them all now. And the key -- and we had great ones. I mean, economic development, we did so well.

The military, we did fantastically well. We knocked out 100% of the ISIS caliphate. We have some great people in the military, not the ones that you see on television, but great people. But a big key to running it is to get the right people. You put the right person and the right group of people at the heads of these massive agencies.

You're going to have tremendous success. And I know now the people, and I know them better than anybody would know them. So, thank you very much.

Hi, Sue.

Thank you.

Thank you.

Good.

Good. You know, we had a woman who was very spectacular, Linda McMahon, and she ran the Small Business Administration, did a phenomenal job. And that's a very important group for what we're talking about with small business. But to put it a little simpler, we're going to have low interest rates. We're going to have low taxes.

We're going to give you tremendous incentive to grow and to build your business. And you know, a lot of people have said that. They said one person who didn't support me, he said, "I must admit I had the most successful four years of my life. But I'm going to vote for" -- and he said. And now, that person came back to me, I don't want that person.

I don't want that person, you know? They say you should take everybody, but that's not the way I'm built. It's one of those little problems. This person -- no, this was in the Republican primary. He said, "I had the best four years I've ever had under Trump. But I'm going to support this one." I said that's the end of that.

You know, when they came back -- but we're going to lower interest rates. We're going to have low taxes. We're going to have tremendous incentives for small business. You know, small business is much bigger than big business in this country when you add it all up, and we're going to take care of small business in this country. Thank you very much.

Thank you, Travis.

Well, the first thing you should do is pray.

Because what they've done to our country, right, what they've done to our country -- what these -- and I hate to use the word -- what these stupid people, naive people, but bad people, you know, weaponization. Again, they're after me. I got more court cases. On Friday, I have one. On Monday, I have one, and they do that for very bad reasons.

They don't want you to campaign. They want to keep you off the campaign. They want to try and take as much money as possible instead of putting it in. But let me just tell you, the hardest problem we have -- because a smart president will be able to get along with Russia, China. There are a lot of reasons why.

But the biggest problem we have is they've allowed 21 million people into our country. And I told you last night, I tell you tonight, it's the single biggest problem. They've poisoned our country. They're coming in from prisons. They're coming in from mental institutions. Terrorists are coming in. The criminals are coming off the streets in Caracas, Venezuela, but all over the world, not just in South America.

It's the single, hardest problem that we would have never had. If I were president, you wouldn't have that problem. You wouldn't have inflation, you wouldn't have Russia attacking Ukraine. You wouldn't have had October 7th with Israel. You wouldn't have had the Afghanistan disaster, which I think is the single most embarrassing day in the history of our country, where they have billions of dollars of equipment.

We lost 13 great, great soldiers. And I celebrated and honored their wonderful -- they called them their children, and they are, their children, their wonderful children, they're their kids. I went to Arlington Cemetery with them the other day, and at their request. And Sean knows this better than anybody, and it was very tough for me to get there, I will tell you.

I don't want to say that, but it was very tough. I was in a different part of the world frankly, and I got there, and we had a beautiful couple of hours together. First, we had a ceremony. And then we had a -- we went down to the gravesites. And they said, "Sir, could we have a picture with my son?" In one case, it was a daughter.

Could we have a picture with my daughter? We took pictures. We had stayed for a long time, and then I left and that was it. I thought it was beautiful. And those people are phenomenal. What they've done -- Joe Biden and Kamala killed those children because of their incompetence, just like they had a gun that killed them.

And I went home, and I thought it was a beautiful thing. I told my wife, I told our great First Lady, who people love, they love her. I said, "It was so sad and yet so beautiful and joyful in a sense." I mean, the people, they had something that was very special. And I went there, and you know, I had them up to Bedminster.

I got to know many of them, most of them. But I get home, and I get a call from one of my people. "Sir, they're saying that you use this for public relations purposes." And you know what happened? It was so beautiful. Every one of those people made a video to say that Donald Trump came there. I got enough publicity, I don't need publicity.

I'd like to get half the publicity. I'd be very happy. But they said that -- and you saw the videos, the videos became very, very well-known and famous, actually, some beautiful statements that I went there. I got nothing out of that except to take care of people that were not taken care of by our government.

And Joe Biden and Kamala should call those people and apologize because that was the most incompetent withdrawal in the history of our country. There has never been anything. So, think of it. We took the military out first. You're supposed to take the military out last. Once the military was gone, they had three shots at us, but we took the military out first, and then it began.

We lost 13 soldiers, many were horribly wounded, meaning, no legs, no arms. The face was obliterated. We don't even talk about those people, and we have to. We left Americans behind, and you covered that better than anybody. We left many Americans behind, and we left billions and billions of dollars of brand-new military equipment behind, that now, they are one of the largest sellers of military equipment in the world, Afghanistan.

They're selling the equipment that we just walked away from. It was so incompetent. But to be with those people was a real honor, I have to tell you. And for them to go out of their way -- and every one of them made a video. They said, "Sir, could you take a picture next to the grave of my son?" I said, "Of course."

Could you imagine if I said, "No, I don't want to do it. I don't want to do it?" But every one of those people appreciated it, and every one of them made a tape and they sent it out, and it became very viral as they say nowadays. And it was a great honor for me to be there. Thank you.

Yes, I knew them.

Thank you.

Well, first of all, Milley, that day in Congress where Milley proclaimed his wokeness was an embarrassment to our country. And remember this, we don't have a woke military. We have some guys at the top that talk it, but you couldn't convince them to be woke if you were screaming at them for five weeks.

We took out 100% of the ISIS caliphate in four weeks. It was supposed to take five years. And these are -- and I got to meet the real generals, and they are unbelievable. Our military is unbelievable. Remember it, unbelievable, there's no wokeness. There's no wokeness. And all we're going to do is you go out, you get your degree, you work hard, you're going to see a different country.

We have to get elected. If we don't get elected, I don't know what's going to happen to our country. I just don't know. They're so bad. And normally, I wouldn't say that. I'd say, "Well, you know, they're working. They're a Democrat." These aren't Democrats. These are people long beyond Democrats. When I used to say to Sean on his show, I'd say our country, Sean, will never be a socialist country, and it won't.

It will be a communist country. They skipped socialism. They totally -- we cannot let this happen to our country because if it does happen, we'll never be able to come back. We'll never be able to make a comeback from it. So, we're going to have a big election. This is a very -- Pennsylvania, a very important, the Commonwealth, you never want to call it a state.

The Commonwealth. If you ever call it a state, I've seen guys -- I've seen their political career ruined by saying the state of Pennsylvania. No, you never want to call it a state. Now, I'll tell you how dishonest they are. They'll take that one little statement where I said the state of Pennsylvania and they'll play it, the state of Pennsylvania, they'll cut it. In every --

Let me just -- because they're fake, the -- and one thing we should say, not him and not Fox, and we have a couple of others out there that are good. But the biggest -- a great enemy to this country is the fake news media. It's a big, big enemy. And they have to change their ways. They have to change their ways.

Yeah. You don't want to do that. But you know, when I had Biden, you and I had the same discussion, and I let him talk. I'm going to let her talk because, you know -- and you've all seen it. There are those that say that Biden is smarter than she is, OK? And if that's the case, we have a problem. But you know, debating is an interesting thing.

I've been in many debates. I think I probably have won because of debating maybe. You know, we had a lot of debates with the Republicans, then we had Crooked Hillary. We had a lot of different people we had a debate. And we had some great debates. You do remember the Rosie O'Donnell debate. Remember Rosie? Rosie O'Donnell.

That's a real -- she's a real great one. Isn't she a great one? Anyway, but a debate is interesting. You could go in with all the strategy you want, but you have to sort of feel it out as the debate is taking place. I've seen it. You go in there and you have a strategy. Mike Tyson made a statement. Everybody has a plan until they get punched in the face.

It's true. It was a brilliant statement. It's a brilliant statement. So, I could tell, Sean, exactly what I'm going to do. But, you know, things change. It depends a lot on ABC. Will they be fair or not? If they're not going to be fair,  I'm going to be a little bit different than if they are.

I hope they're going to be fair. We're putting a lot of reliance on a network which is known for being extremely hostile to the people in this room and to, I think 75%, 80% of the country, if you want to really know the truth. But Sean, all I can say is this. You know, I've seen Mitt Romney go and lock himself into a log cabin for four or five weeks, and then he came out and he was horrible in the debate.

He couldn't talk. He gained great knowledge, he couldn't talk. And Candy Crowley came out and she made a terrible statement that turned out to be wrong, but it destroyed the guy. But look, you have to -- the way I look at debating, I think I've been really practicing all my life for this stuff. I mean, ultimately, that's what it's sort of about.

So, it'll be an interesting evening. And the Biden debate was a very interesting evening. I was sort of surprised by it a little bit by, you know, what he did and the way he reacted. And you don't know how somebody is going to react, even a professional, you don't know how they're going to react. And you have to sort of go with it as you get up there, Sean.

I'd love to give you an answer. This is what I'm going to do, Sean. But when you get up there, you sort of say because I've done a lot of it. I went from never having debated to having done a lot of debates.

Well, I think we have a bigger problem. I think that ABC will try and annoy me.

OK.