I'm good. I'm good. So, what were you saying about Philly because I've been hearing a lot about Philly again, right? What's happening?

Right. Oh, that's great. Wow. That'll be great --

Because I hear -- I'm doing good. Your -- your show is great.

I've listened to your show many times.

Many, many times. That's great. So, I guess the big question I have is with Philadelphia. I thought we were going to do really great. You know, I was at Penn State. And last night, I was in Pennsylvania, and we had a great rally. But I -- I hear about Philadelphia maybe negatively, but that's only because there seem to be some people.

But I know we have also support in Philadelphia. So, you're telling me that this may be Trump support, as opposed to the opposite party support, Rich, huh?

Right.

Great.

Right.

Oh, that's great. Boy. Well, I love --

I love the commonwealth, Rich, I tell you, the good old commonwealth, and we worked hard on it. And -- and, you know, when you have a policy of strong borders and we don't want murderers coming in, we don't want drug addicts and jail -- you know, jails to be released into our country, you would think that would be a pretty good start.

And I actually think that's the biggest thing. But then you have the inflation and you have the bad economy, you know, etc., etc. So, you know, I -- I think we have an awfully good -- I mean, they -- they have nothing. She doesn't even say what's wrong, other than she likes to talk about Trump a lot.

It's interesting.

Right.

Right.

Well, we're not going to go to war, but we will if they get in because they don't know what they're doing. They really don't know what they're doing. They don't know what to say. It's crazy. I mean, Ukraine should have never happened with Russia, as an example. You know that better than I do.

And they were just saying such -- such the wrong things. So -- anyway. Well, I hope you're right. I mean, I hope those people that I love in Philadelphia, they're going in there and voting for us, you and I and everybody else, because, otherwise, we got such a problem with our country, right? And --

We got to frac, frac, frac. You know, what I'd love to do, I'd love your ratings to go down to zero, and I'll make it up to you, but I'd love everyone to get off the phone and run down and vote and let your ratings go to zero for an hour.

I think you'd give that up. I think you'd probably say that's a good deal. But yeah, if anybody -- you know, the people -- you have a hell of an audience, by the way. But if anybody gets off the phone, we will not be angry at you, right?

Thank you.

If we Pennsylvania, we win the whole deal. That's if we win Pennsylvania.

Yes.

Everybody has to stay in line. Thank you. We're going to make this country greater than ever before, but you have to stay in line and don't let them slowball you. You -- you have an absolute legal right. And get that vote in because if we win Pennsylvania, if we win the good old commonwealth, we're going to win the whole thing.

We win everything. So, stay in line. They may say, "Oh, gee, you're going to be here for an hour or two." Once you're on line, they can't do anything about it. So, that would be great on behalf of both of us. I think I can say that.

No, thank you.

Well, you're a great guy with a big voice, and I appreciate it. You've always been there. Thank you, man. I'll talk to you soon, OK?

Thank you. Thanks.