Yeah.

Stephanie's incredible. And they wanted me to be there, and I wanted to be there. And I came in from Florida. And what a family, the Diller family. And they lost a hero, really. I mean, just a hero. They're devastated. The family is devastated. The police force is devastated. The whole country feels this way.

And it's happening more and more, and it's really a lack of respect for law and order. And we have to have law and order back in our country. And we're going to -- because this can't happen. The man that did this were arrested, I guess, over 21 times. And the person in the car with him was, likewise, had this massive arrest.

Yeah. Nicknamed Killer. They think it's great. They think it's real cool. It's not cool. And what a family I just saw. And what love in that family. Just incredible to have somebody taken out like that. And Ryan, the baby, 1-year-old, is never going to be the same. I mean, you know, it's -- doesn't know yet what the meaning is, but it's certainly going to have a big impact.

That whole family is just so -- you know, I see it, I see it often, I see it often. But usually, it's for different reasons. This was a brutal murder.

Yeah.

That's true. Blue blood and on top of his class and everything perfect, a beautiful record of doing his job properly and fairly. And this is what happens. It's just so horrible. Jonathan was -- you know what they say, walking to the top. He was the top in every respect, top of his class. And this happened to somebody.

This should not have happened.

So when I was leaving, we paid our respects to the family. Most magnificent, beautiful wife, the whole -- the grandmother and the mother and everybody. Everybody is there but Jonathan. And what a scene. But when I was leaving, we're driving down the road, and it felt like we were driving for miles. And there were men and women in blue.

They were going for such a period. This -- I said, "That's a lot of people." And it was -- maybe you were on that journey with us. I don't know, but I tell you what, that was -- it's moving. That was a long blue line. That was a long blue line. Indeed. And that's respect. They have respect for this family.

They have respect for what Jonathan meant. And to me, they're the most brave people. Look, it's getting worse and worse for police because we're not taking care of them. We're not allowing them to do their job properly. If you think about it, the man is arrested 21 times. He's a killer. His nickname, I guess, is Killer, or the other one was killer.

And when you think about it, this shouldn't be where you go up to a car and they shoot you and murder you. This shouldn't be happening in this country, and it shouldn't be happening anywhere. We're going to stop it. It's got to stop. We have to have law and order. And when you have people repeat -- this isn't a repeat offender.

This is ridiculous, this is far beyond that. And when -- and very great violence, too. It's not just 21 times. It's great violence. These people shouldn't be allowed to be anywhere near our society.

I'd say within a half an hour, depending on the mode of travel. So, they have some pretty fast travel.

I think that, politically, he can't support the police. I think he's also making a mistake. But I think, politically, his -- they won't let him support the police. And I support the police, I would say at the highest level of any president by far, maybe double or triple. And they knew that. That's why when I walked into that funeral parlor, it was like love.

It was just -- I've seen what happens with others.  they boo her out of the place, and you saw that last week. They boo her because they know she doesn't stand for law and order. She doesn't stand for what's good, what's proper, what's good for our country, and he's in the same category. He's in the exact same category.

They want to shy away from it. They didn't even call the family. They could have called. You don't have to be a rocket scientist to know. Even a call would be, perhaps -- I'm not sure they'd take his call, right? I'm really not sure they'll take his call.

That's true.

He did.

Well, it's important for the country. I think it was almost affection in both cases because they're there and they're very devastated by that. And one from New York City came out, and I've known him a little bit, and I think he's doing the best he can. But, you know, the restrictions that are put on the police are so incredible.

They're protecting the criminal, they're not protecting the police. The criminal has far more protection than the police officer. Police officer gets rough as, in some cases, you have to be because it's the only thing --

They understand, and he gets rough and he ends up losing his house, his pension

His family, he ends up losing everything. It's crazy what's going on.

Well, I'm running against people that I don't really think have a very good understanding of what's going on in our nation.

I don't see anybody coming to any other conclusion. I don't see anybody condemning the fact that 15 million people of probably that number -- I believe it's that number, it might be more than that, have entered our country from countries all over the world, and they're coming from prisons and jails. They're coming from mental institutions and insane asylum, a step above.

They're coming as terrorists. We have many terrorists coming into our country. So, it doesn't matter whether you have three presidents or 10 presidents. They don't know what's happening if they're not mentioning it, and they don't talk about it. I can tell you. Obama doesn't talk about it. Nobody else talks about it that I see.

I talk about it. And the reason I talk about it -- you know, we built 571 miles of wall, and we were going -- which is more than I said I was going to build, and we were going to build an additional 200 miles of wall --

And it would have stopped it even further. We had the best border in history, now we have the worst border in history. We have the worst border, Brian, in the history of the world. There's never been a country ever, third world, banana republic, there's never been a country that allowed people to pour in like this.

They would have -- I say in rallies, they would have used sticks and stones to stop that.

Well, he said much more than that. He said he wants $10 billion essentially just to talk, $10 billion to talk. And that's come out since. And no, that wouldn't happen with me. I get along great with him. I dealt with him. And, you know, he supplied us with 28,000 soldiers, so that's why we had the best record while I was building the wall.

Lack of respect for the president. It's very simple, lack of respect for the president. They would never say that to me. They would never say before we even took it. They want $10 billion a year. Mexico just asked for $10 billion a year. They would never ask it. I wouldn't give them $0.10, they know that.

They'll end up paying us $10 billion a year before that would happen. No, it's lack of respect for our president, lack of respect for our country. But the country's led by a man who can't put two sentences together. And, you know, they're raising money. They always raise money. They always raise more money.

We do fine. We don't need -- you don't need that much money.

No.

No. I think we're doing great with the RNC, and we have plenty of money. We're doing very well. We're just, we're goin to announce numbers that are record-setting numbers in a week or so. We have -- the RNC is reconstituted just because we wanted to make a change, but we're doing tremendously while we're raising a lot of money.

We're going to announce, I think, the biggest numbers that we've ever is

Yeah.

Well, Truth has been amazing, gave me a voice in -- when I was terminated from Twitter, it was vicious. I had more than, I think, any other person had. And all of a sudden, I didn't have a voice. And that happened also with some other people with a certain viewpoint, and it shouldn't happen. And I think we're probably in the majority, actually, if you want to know the truth.

But they terminated me. And I opened -- I started working on something a platform that's really great. And it's Truth Social, and it's in the process of being public and now it's public. And the stock has gone through the roof. And, really, this is -- I think, in the true sense, this is really a -- it's a great sign of where the people in this country stand.

It's almost like a poll, but you see how hot it is. It's one of the hottest stocks that anybody's ever seen. And I'm very honored by that. But you know what? I view it as a poll, and I call it the voice. It's the voice of America. It's my voice. I happen to be the leading candidate, including -- I don't know if you've seen the numbers with Biden, but the numbers are way above Biden, and people aren't going to stand for this --

The polls.

Followers, too, actually. But the polls away above Biden. We had -- your Fox just came out with a good one, but we have some that are 11 and 12 points up. And you would think that, frankly, it would be much more. I have a friend who's a Democrat. He said, "I can't understand why you're not winning by 40 or 50 points." Well, it doesn't work that way because you have certain groups of people that always vote a certain way.

But we're leading by a lot. And people want justice in this country, they want law and order in this country. They have to have law and order in the country. They want to have strong borders. And they have to have -- you know, look at the taxes. They want to double and triple and quadruple the taxes. They don't want that.

And, you know, what we did with the military, we defeated ISIS, and then we didn't have any wars. And we were respected all over the world. We gave you the largest tax cuts in history.

You're paying a lot less. But we gave you the largest tax cuts, larger than the Ronald Reagan tax cuts. And we gave you the largest regulation tax.

That's right.

Well, if I don't win, that means your taxes are going to go up fourfold.

Fourfold.

They put it mildly.

Well, I've always liked them, and I've known him actually for a long time. I've liked him. He's a very liberal guys probably the most liberal person in the race, including the Green Party. And so, I think he's probably going to hurt Biden. I don't see him hurting me. Our people are solid. We have a very solid core, and I think that core is 60% --

I think so, yeah. I think so. He's very -- he's ultra liberal or ultra progressive is the -- they don't like the word liberal anymore. You're supposed to use progressive, so, therefore, I'll probably use liberal. But he's a very -- he's a very far-left person, very, very -- I think the most -- in the race, a lot of people were thinking, well, maybe he's going to hurt Trump.

I don't see it. Once they see his record, they're going to understand how far left he is. He's a radical-left person. And again, I've known him for a long time.

I understand him. I like him. I get along with him. But that's -- his inclination -- his running mate is makes him look like a baby in terms of being left.

She is really left, but she also has enough money from her husband that she can help him finance a campaign.

Yeah, yeah. This is all because of Biden.

It's so --

Well, it's a shame that it has to take place. This is, again, third-world country stuff, whether it's borders or whether it's this. They've weaponized the Department of Justice. They've weaponized the FBI. They raided my house. They find nothing. Look how well I'm doing. And the people understand it. Look at what's going on. I have Fani -- well, Fani or Fani as she likes to be called in Georgia, that's a scam.

We have the DA Bragg. That's a scam. Everybody says you read the people that you have -- Jonathan Turley and McCarthy and all the good people that you have, well, they say this is a case that shouldn't be brought, it's not even a crime. And it's all -- it all comes out of the White House. It all comes out.

They have a January 6th case, which is a scam. The whole thing is a terrible thing. They've never done it before in this country. It's done -- in fact, it's done a lot, but it's always in third-world countries. It now has hit the United States. And I'll tell you, it's the biggest lead I've ever had in polls.

I'm leading by so much. And I don't believe I'd be leading by that much without it. People see what's happening.

And it's the only thing he has going. His policies are horrible. He's an incompetent man. He's the worst president in the history of our country.

He's a corrupt person, he's a totally corrupt person. The only thing they can do is prosecute me. And I find that every single day I go into court, I end up doing better because they're scams. And the good thing is through you and through your friends at Fox and others, I have a voice. And when I explain it to people, they understand it. Oh, you have to explain it. But when I explain it to people, they understand it. When I went to Georgia and I did that mugshot, people got it right away.

This whole thing is a -- it's a political circus. And what it really is election interference. They want to disturb, just like you say, you spend time in court. But you know, you spend time in court, but you also get the word out pretty good during intermissions and other times. But it's a very unfair situation, and I'm honored.

I'll tell you what, every time they do this, in a way, I'm honored because I'm doing it for the American people.

Yeah.

Sure, I can. Sure.

Yeah.

Yeah, I understand.

Can you imagine? For doing nothing. Compare -- look at the crime. You have murderers. You have killers. You have -- when I went to court with Bragg, they had eight prosecutors in court over what McCarthy, Turley, and every other legal said, virtually every -- said he did nothing wrong.

And yet, you have people getting murdered on the street, and nothing happens to them. What a shame. What's going on here? What a shame.

Well, they missed a very sad moment for our country, but it's a moment that they have to be a part of, whether they like it or not. They can't skip this moment. I've never seen so many police. I've never seen so many firemen. A lot of firemen, they view it --

You know, in a very similar way, and I understand that. But they're going to have to get involved a little bit because this country is going to hell. Our country is not respected anymore. We're really -- I say it in my rallies and my speeches, we're a nation in decline. We are a nation in decline.

But totally fixable, but we have to do it fast. Tell you what, the most important day in the history of our country is going to be November 5th. That's election day. It's going to be November 5th. That is the most important period of time. It's the most important day in the history of our country. Our country's going bad, and it's going to be changed on November 5th. And if it's not changed, we're not going to have a country anymore.

I think I have the independents. I think it's false stuff. I did very well in the first election, 2016. I did even better in the second election by millions and millions of votes. And yet, I have not seen the kind of spirit that I have right now, just driving through the streets of an area that you grew up in.

The people are going wild.

And they want something. You know, this is an election where you really have two people -- I ran it for four, he ran it for four. And people love it --

When I ran it for four. They can have a nice simple choice. Right now, we have a poorest country. We have a country that's going to hell. We have a country that's a crime-ridden mess. And I'll tell you something, when you take a look at what the migrants are doing, we have a new category of crime. It's called migrant crime.

Yeah, they want to call them newcomers, that's true. They do want to call them newcomers. It's called migrant crime, and it's vicious, violent crime. Add that to where it was before --

And you get yourself a big mess. No, we -- people want safety. They want low taxes. They want good education. They want a strong military. They want to have a country that's respected all over the world. We're left at all over the world. We have a guy who can't walk up a flight of stairs or down a flight of stairs.

Literally, he can't put two sentences together. We need to be respected as a country. When Mexico says we want $10 billion a year just to talk, they would never say that to me, Brian, I tell you.

That's what I heard.

Thank you. Thank you very much.

Thank you. Thank you.