Thank you very much.

Yeah.

Correct.

Well, it's been sitting there. People have talked about it. It's been tried, it's held up. It's very old. That's a good thing, not a bad thing. It's been there for a long time, and people haven't used it. But we've never had a country that was abused like our country is being abused now. Nobody probably thought they had to use it.

I didn't really want to use it when I cleaned up the border in 2016. I probably won the race based on the border. And I got it done. But that border was peanuts compared to this. This is a major. In history, there's never been a border so bad as this. And this is all self-inflicted. What they've done to our country is -- and you cover it very well, but what they've done to our country is not even believable, allowing murderers and drug dealers and everybody to just -- they don't even know who they are.

All they know is they're murderers, drug dealers. They don't even know they don't know where they are, who they are, they're all over the place. They came into our country totally unvetted, totally unchecked. And it turned out we had 13,099 murderers. We had many drug dealers, many terrorists. We had a year, you saw this Chris, where I was at zero for terrorists coming in.

Now, I don't even believe that, but this is -- this was done by the Border Patrol, and they had a number zero. The second year, they had 11. We'll take it, right? And -- and let's assume it was a little more than that, but -- but it wasn't much. Now, we have thousands of terrorists coming in. Thousands, they're all over the place.

And they come in from rough places. So, there's never been a time like this, Chris. Never.

Right.

Yeah.

Well, we're going to stop a lot of things. But you don't really need a bill. All you have to do is say close the border. This is why with Biden, who is the worst president in history -- and she's the worst vice president. Now, here's the difference. She's not as good as him. He's actually better than her.

This is where we are -- this is where we are. This is not even possible. I think he's probably smarter than she is for one thing. We cannot do this to our country. We've gone through four years of this with people that are incompetent, and we can't do this. But they -- you know, they were getting killed on this issue, the border.

They want open borders. They forgot to stop -- when they did it about three months ago. They made it a little bit tougher to try and make the numbers. The only thing is they forgot to stop the airplanes that were flying over the border, big Boeing, beautiful planes loaded up with migrants. They have no idea who they are.

All they know is they were heading toward the middle of our country. And it's almost like a death wish, if you want to really think about it. You know, I always -- I always like to know where does the other side come from. Like in business you want to know, you know, what's their game and you can figure things out.

Nobody can understand who would be willing to do this. This is the worst thing. To me, this is worse than inflation, and it's worse -- inflation is bad. It's destroying people, but this is -- this is worse. This is destroying our country, the fabric of our country, what they've done. And it's a very tough thing.

We're going to get it out. We're going to take care of -- we're going to have a big deportation. We're going to get -- we're going to start with the killers and the drug dealers, the murderers. We have so many. But you really say, "How did this happen? How could a thing like this have been allowed to happen? Who would want it?" You know, we call it the party of common sense.

I do. I don't know if anyone else does, but I do. It's now the party of common sense. Common sense is you don't have an open border with everybody coming in. And it's also common sense for countries. I would have been worse than any of them. Venezuela, all of these countries, not -- all over the world.

The Congo, a lot of people coming in from the Congo. What's going on in the Congo? Maybe you can tell me. But we have prisoners coming in from the Congo, they're in jails. "Where do you come from?" "Jail." "What did you do?" "We will not tell you." It ain't good, OK? But -- but why would -- who would want this? It's -- I mean, they're destroying our country.

Yeah. And those people are not being taken care of. North Carolina is being so badly taken care of by Biden. It's horrible. And her.

And she said she'd stick with the policies, OK? So you said 325,000 youth. What you didn't say is most of them are probably dead, never to be seen by their parents again. That, to me, is the greatest -- that's an atrocity. You know, that's a -- that's a -- I mean, look at some of the worst things ever to happen in the world.

I mean, 325,000 young people, probably mostly dead, or sex trade, or slave -- slavery.

By her. She was the border czar. They were allowed to just come in. And they were brought in totally unvetted, totally unchecked. Nobody knows where they are. So, it's not actually believable. Like, I'll give you another example. To me, it's far less important, but it's very important. Common sense, right? The open borders are big a threat.

Why would we allow men to play in women's sports? It's like who would do this? So, yesterday, I don't know if you saw it. There was a male volleyball. He transitioned into -- did you see the shot?

That was not a woman hitting that. The woman -- the girl that got hit on the head said, "I've never seen any -- I've been playing for my whole life --"

Oh, was it?

No, but did you see the power of that shot?

This was not a normal situation. Hit her right on the head. She's actually -- she was OK.

Others have been badly hurt.

They couldn't believe it.

Amazing. She wasn't hurt badly. The other -- another girl was knocked out, and she never played volleyball again. You know, volleyball is the least of it. You had the boxing, and you had the two people that transitioned. And they both won gold medals. You saw that, right? With the two left jabs, and the girl walked out.

She said, "I'm not fighting this person." Who would want men to play in women's sports? It's very bad for women. It's very bad -- you know, it demeans women really terribly.

And why do they want this? It's -- the greatest is weightlifting. Take a look at what's happening. Records that haven't been broken in 19 years are being obliterated, you know, like 100 pounds more, you drop a -- they take an eighth of an ounce, an eighth. And they put one on one, one, you know, like -- they'd end up with like a quarter of an ounceful.

And they've -- for 18 years, the guy comes along and breaks the record by like 112 pounds or something. It's so crazy. It's -- you know, people, if they died and came back, let's say they died 20 years ago and they came back, they'd say, "What the hell is going on?" It's crazy. And there's so many of these things, you know? There's so many of these things.

I think open borders is just as crazy. We need -- why would we have an open border? You know, the other thing we have that nobody else has? If a person comes onto the border, along the border, and if they just touch the sand on this side, right? Now, of course, I built a -- well, you know I built 571 miles of wall.

Nobody gives me credit for that. And that's one of the -- I had the -- I had the best border we've ever had. And now, we have the worst border in the history of the world. But if somebody can put their foot right on the sand, congratulations, you have a five-year court case. No other country does that.

If somebody walks into another country, they take them the hell out, right? If somebody comes into our country, just gets one foot on the sand, get a lawyer, and let's start litigating.

I think they are.

I actually think it's the biggest thing. And the polls don't bear me up, but I know the polls are wrong. The polls are fake almost like they're -- you know, they say the biggest thing is the economy. And I guess if you add inflation into the economy, it's pretty big, right? But I think, in a way, the biggest thing is what's happening with the border because criminals are coming into our country at a level that we've never seen before, and terrorists.

They're coming in at a level -- and I actually think that people -- I gave a speech yesterday in Aurora. I went to Aurora where, you know, these thugs are taking over.

Oh yeah, that's very good. You did a good job. It's a Venezuela gang. It's a prison gang, starting in a prison, very tough prison. And, of course, they get released into our country because, you know, we take -- you know their prison population is down in half. And to be honest, if I operated Venezuela or any of these countries, Honduras, I could name every one of them, I know every one of them, I actually would have acted faster.

I'm amazed. They probably ran out of buses. You know what they do? They take buses, load them up, drive them here, dump them in the United States. They tell them, "If you ever come back, we're going to kill you." They do it a little differently. We're not allowed to do that. We have to read somebody their rights all the time. And we have, think of it, 8 million and 99.

And, you know, that was released by Border Patrol or somebody. Somebody released those numbers. They've never been released before. We were never specific. You know, it was people coming in. And the reason they released them is because they think our country is going to hell. And they think so. So, those numbers were gotten in a way that were very interesting, actually.

Well, now they're denying everything.

Yeah.

Well, look, Biden's incompetent. And the only advantage is that I believe he hates her more than he hates me. And he hates me a lot, all right? But Biden's a grossly incompetent person. I believe she's worse. And it took him a couple of days to think of that one. But here's what's really bad. They got hit with a very bad hurricane, especially North Carolina and parts of Georgia.

But North Carolina really got hit. I'll tell you what, those people should never vote for a Democrat because they held back aid. They were so bad. But when I was there, a person from North Carolina, an official, said, "You know, Elon Musk?" And I said he happened to endorse me like as good as you can, right? A while ago, but he endorsed me.

They said, "Well, we need Starlink." And I said, "What's Starlink?" And basically, it's a communication system, a great one. So, I called Elon. I got the system done. And when they were bringing it, they were stopped. Did you hear that? They were stopped. They couldn't bring it. They desperately needed it.

Because all there was, they had no communication to any place. You know, they were actually cut off by water. It's like -- it's like they were cut off, and they desperately -- and you know, they stopped them from -- it took them two days to get it in. He was going to have it there immediately. So, something is strange going on.

But if I were from North Carolina, you should not vote for the Democrats because what they did is disgusting, I think. Now, Biden thinks they're doing wonderful, but he doesn't know what wonderful is, you know. He's run a terrible country, and he thinks anything's wonderful. He just wants to, you know, go to sleep at 4 o'clock.

Yeah.

Yeah.

Well, it's also election interference. It also is license-threatening. You know, they have a license from -- that's not cable. Here, they have a license from the federal government. And they pay nothing. They pay peanuts. They pay nothing. They should take that license away from CBS. They should absolutely -- they violated the whole covenant of the license.

They took her answer out, and they gave -- they put -- they put another answer in.

Well, they always say that, you know. That has nothing to do with it. No, they're crooked people. They're crooked. They're fake news. I learned that a long time ago. But this is more than fake. This is corrupt news. She gives an answer. It's really bad. So, she'd be exposed as being even dumber than people think she is, right? That answer was crazy.

They take another answer from another part of the report and didn't use the question. And they put it there, they put it in, and they got caught. That's election interference. It's fraud. It's not fair to me, you know, because they didn't do that to me. I tell you what "60 Minutes" would do to me all the time, they'd shorten my answer.

I'd give an answer. But all different important parts.

They didn't actually.

And the reason we should have stayed at Bagram was because it's an hour away from where China makes its nuclear weapons. So, here's the sad part. We had a situation where, many years ago, we spent billions and billions building the longest runways, the strongest runways, thick, can land anything on those runways, right? It's very hard to do and very expensive.

We just gave it to China. And we gave billions of dollars worth of military equipment, and we lost 13 great people. And we had many obliterated, too. Nobody ever talks about --

Yup.

That's right. We left Americans --

And Afghans behind, yeah.

Yeah.

Yeah.

Yeah.

Yeah.

Yeah.

Yeah.

No, we have a government incompetence problem. We're going to bring companies back through a system of tariffs, taxes, and protection, protection of the companies that come in so that they can't be pillaged. We're going to bring thousands of companies back. We allow them to be stolen from us. They went to Mexico, they went to China.

By the way, Mexico is a big threat. Do you know, I've been talking about China building big car companies in Mexico, right? You know what I found out yesterday? Because I was in Detroit at the Economic Forum, and I talked about cars. We're going to bring car manufacturing back. But I have a friend who builds plants, and he's building big ones in Mexico.

And I saw him the other day, and I've been talking about this for a year because it's horrible. Do you know what happened? When they saw that I was bringing up the subject, they stopped building the plants. How about that? Those big plants, the biggest in the world. They said if Trump's president, and they stopped. You know who it was? China.

China in Mexico building plants, all work has stopped. I consider that a great thing. I'm sure Mexico's not thrilled. I consider it a --

Yeah.

Well, they're going to have to do what they want. But when you look at the alternative, this is the worst. Our country is going to be destroyed. And I was able to get what everybody wanted for 40 -- actually 52 to be exact. For 52 years, they wanted Roe v. Wade brought back to the states. And I believe in the exceptions for life of the mother and rape and incest.

But for 52 years, they wanted it back, and I was able to do that. Every legal scholar, every Democrat, every Republican, every conservative and liberal, they wanted it back. And they wanted to be back in the states and the vote of the people. So, Ronald Reagan believed in the exceptions. I believe in the exceptions.

And we have it there. And now they're voting. And you're going to see something because this issue was tearing our country apart, tearing our country apart. And I think I'm getting all of the Christian vote. How could a Christian vote for it? I've had -- I have such endorsements. I have so many people supporting me.

I was watching the other day Robert Jeffress. I had so many people on television say we have to vote for Trump, almost universal support. Because if you look at her, she's against religion, absolutely. He was, too. Biden was bad. But he wasn't like -- you know, this one's bad. This one's a Marxist. She's a Marxist.

Her father was a Marxist. And he was a professor of Marxist economics, OK, which is an interesting term. Very interesting term. Explain what that means exactly. And I wonder what happened to him because I'd love to hear from him. I would love to hear from the father. He's probably a good guy. But nobody ever talks about the father.

If it was me, they'd be talking about, "Let's go and interview the father." Did you ever hear the mainstream media say, "Let's talk to her father?" But I'm doing very well with Christians, very well --evangelicals, they love Trump. I think I'm at 88 percent or something like that. I hope they vote. You know, Christians, evangelicals have a very low -- I'm talking over a 50-year period.

They have a very low percentage of voting, very unfortunate. You know who else does? Gun owners. If you go NRA, the gun owners, if they voted, we could never lose. Gun owners don't vote, meaning they vote at like 15 or 16 percent. If they ever voted, we could never lose an election. Same thing with Christians.

They vote. They just -- they go to church, but they don't vote. They have to vote. It's so important.

Thank you very much.