Well, a little bit. They're going about things a lot differently. There are many, many more people, Secret Service people, and other people, I notice. It's, a lot people now. A lot of people. I think it's much different, actually, than it was. Absolutely.

I don't want to think about it, because you don't want to change. You have to do what you have to do, whatever it is. It's a dangerous profession. Being president is a dangerous job, I can tell you.

Yeah.

Well, it could. You know, I was mentioned at the Democrats' little party that they have going on in Chicago, and it's pretty sad. I just heard that many people were shot during that, and five people were killed already in Chicago during this convention. That just came out, that number, which is shocking.

But they don't talk about that. But I was mentioned, I think, almost 200 times. And they mentioned the economy about five times. They mentioned the border maybe none. They mentioned crime almost none. So I mean, they're out of control. These people are out of control. And they're ruining our nation. Our nation is going to hell.

And we have millions of people coming haplessly, coming in from all over the world, from parts unknown, from countries people never even heard of. And they're, they're just pouring into our country, and they come in from prisons. They come in from mental institutions, insane asylums, and they're coming in like at numbers that nobody has ever seen before, ever.

I think that Israel's being hurt very badly by the Democrats. I think they're making it very hard for the Democrats to win, very, very hard for the Democrats, what they're doing, what they're doing with respect to Israel, what the Democrats are doing, they're making it very hard for Israel to win. If you take a look at the stance, the other side is saying just hold out.

If they hold out, they know they're going to win, because so much pressure is being put on Israel. Right now, Israel, the pressure that's being put on them by Biden and Schumer, who's frankly, you know, Schumer is, like is he a member of Hamas? Is he a Palestinian? I don't know, how would a Jewish person contribute to Democrats right now?

They have to finish the job. Israel has to finish the job, get it done, and get it done fast. And they have to do it. They have to get it done fast.

There are a lot of people that are saying October 7th, there are a lot of people are saying October 7th never existed, that it never existed. It never took place. That's starting. They used to say the Holocaust never took place.

There's never been a moment like this.

There's never been a moment like this for Jewish people.

They have no choice. Otherwise, this is never going to end. They have no choice. There has to be retribution. And it's going to have to take place. And the worst thing they have going is Biden. Now, he's out at a beach again someplace. Somebody says he looks good in a bathing suit, so spend your time on a beach.

I mean, you talk about Biden, was that the overthrow of the decade? That was a complete, that was a complete coup.

We do know. I already know, and so do you know. You know what happened.

And it all began with the debate.

Biden? I don't think he knows where he is. But still, what they did, and you know, part of the reason he doesn't, he got very much worse over the last 10 days or so. But part of the reason he doesn't, because I don't think they're allowing him to. They've taken the presidency away from this guy. They've actually taken the presidency away.

This was a coup. This was the first coup of an American president, or probably of any high official. But this was incredible. I watched them, and I watched his angry speech.

You know, he should be angry at them, and he is angry at them. But I watched that angry speech he made --

Well, everyone's different. You know, when you debate, I did a lot of debates, I mean, from somebody that eight years ago never debate other than life is a big debate, as you know better than most. But no, I would say that it will depend on where we are at the time. You know, she turned down the Fox debate.

She didn't want to do it.

She doesn't want to do anymore. She just wants to go to ABC fake news, which is by far the worst. ABC is the worst newscast of any newscast by far. And you know, a lot of people don't know that. You only would know that if you were subject to the things that I'm subject do. ABC, I consider them George --

Oh, it was terrible. Well, she went to a party. She went actually to a party. And you know that. She went to a party, a sorority party or something.

And a very unimportant one. They have them numerous times during the year. It's a shame. And where, you know, one thing I'd like to know, as you know, in my opinion, she's a Marxist, because if you go back and look at her, what she's done over the years, she's a Marxist. Now she's changed and flip-flopped on just about everything she believe in, in life, but she's a Marxist.

And where is her father? Her father's a Marxist professor. I don't know if you know that or not.

But he seems to have, he's not around. I'd like to find out where is he. He's a professor. They don't interview the father. I think, I'd like to find out more about her from the father.

Maybe they have a good relationship, maybe they don't.

Well, I owned something in San Francisco.

I owned something. I own a big chunk of the Bank of America building in San Francisco. So San Francisco used to be the greatest city, maybe, in the world. And that was 15 years ago. 15 years ago, people would say, the great Bob Tisch and others, you know Bob Tisch, he passed away a while ago, but he was everywhere.

And he would tell me the greatest city is San Francisco. And he'd be looking down now, and he wouldn't be too happy when he sees it. But no, I have holdings in San Francisco. I own a big percentage of the Bank of America building, which I think is one of the greatest --

No, she's a Marxist. She's a Marxist. Maybe, she's worse than that. And she's going to change her stripes, if she got in, you will see a different person. They even have her stopping the laugh. Don't laugh, because that's the laugh of a crazy person. Don't laugh. Never laugh. You notice, she's not laughing anymore.

But she is a very dangerous person.

Of course, she's going to ban fracking. She's going to, all fossil fuel is going to be dead. And that means our country will die very quickly, because our country is propelled by fossil fuel. Without fossil fuel, it doesn't work. Fossil fuel of many different types. And you can go nuclear, too. Nuclear now is amazing.

It's very safe. You do it in a smaller combination. You hook smaller combinations up. I mean, nuclear is doing well. You know, France is heavy in nuclear. China is doing nuclear now.

Well, you're never going to be able to compete.

Yeah, you know, it's interesting. AI, and I've learned a lot about AI, they need double the electricity that we have in the whole country. So take all of the electricity capacity that we have right now. You need double that to be dominant in AI. And if we're not going to be dominant, then China's going to be dominant, and that will be a bad day for us, because that's really the new, that's sort of the new oil.

But we will have, we will not, we are in very bad shape. We have nobody is going to be able to build plants. You know, to get the approval, environmentally, to build a plant, is virtually impossible. With me, they'll have their approvals very quickly. You build electric plants --

Right.

I want to be able to get along with Iran. I want to get along with China. I want to get along with everybody. I'm not looking to hurt people. I'm looking to make the world a safer place. We had a safe planet when I was president, and I'll tell you want, Viktor Orban, as you know, from Hungary, head of Hungary, the prime minster, and a very strong guy, and a good person, by the way, in so many ways, but he said unless Trump comes back, this whole world is going to blow up. And he saw what I did.

He saw that when countries got out of line, I was able to hold them in line. And the reason is that I used the economic power of the United States, and other powers of the United States. And I didn't get into any wars. I stopped wars with the telephone. I was able to get on telephone calls and stop wars, at least four wars stopped.

And you look at all these places all over, and you need somebody that has a certain ability. But I stopped potential wars with telephone calls. By the way, Putin would have never gone into Ukraine, and you know that.

He would have, and by the way, for four years, he didn't. He didn't go in. He never went in. And you know when I left --

They'll be laughing at her. They will not even listen to her. And she's going to weaken our military. Our military will be weak. Our economy will be busted. We will be bankrupt as a country. We will be absolutely, you know, I was going to be very shortly totally dominant in oil. We were going to do double and triple what Saudi Arabia, we have more oil, I call it liquid gold, as you know, under our feet than Saudi Arabia or Russia by a lot.

We had ANWR that I got approved, that everybody wanted that I got approved, nobody else, not even Ronald Reagan, he worked so hard. He wanted to get ANWR more than anybody, and he couldn't get it done. I got it done. In their first week of office, they terminated ANWR in Alaska. It's perhaps the size of Saudi Arabia.

That's the kind of numbers that we're talking about. It's good for Alaska, but good for this country.

We do.

Yeah.

Yeah. I don't think they believe it. I don't think they believe it at all. And if they do, they're foolish, because look, she is a Marxist radical left, and I can say this. She's a radical left lunatic. And we can't let this person destroy our country. Her ideology is that of a Marxist, maybe worse than that.

But if you take a look at what she did, she destroyed San Francisco. She then went on to destroy California. California is not the same place. It's horrible right now.

No, but she's the one that started it. Wait a minute. Wait, wait, wait.

Are you hearing me?

She started it, and she destroyed it. She destroyed San Francisco. I don't even know if it comes back. You need somebody very strong to have it come back, and she destroyed, absolutely destroyed the state of California.

What they've done with the environmental laws, with the rules, regulations, and on crime, you can do anything. Unless you're Donald Trump, you don't get in trouble for anything, because she has destroyed the state. She has destroyed the state of California. And before that, she destroyed San Francisco.

Yeah.

100%. They didn't put him on because he's Jewish. I think he's highly overrated, too, by the way, but they didn't put him on because he's Jewish. And I just can't believe, when you look at the polls, where I'm probably up to 50%, 40%, 45%, and what I've done for Israel, and what I've done, I have been the best president by far for the Jewish people.

There's never been anybody like me.

The Democrats don't talk about that. They don't talk about the border. All they do is knock me. You know, it's interesting. When they say please, sir, don't be personal, don't be personal, they're very personal. They say whatever they want. And I guess I'm mentioned hundreds of times. They don't mention the border.

They don't mention the crime. You know, the real crime states are terrible. The FBI did them. And they didn't include New York, they didn't include Chicago, they didn't include many places where the stats are out of control. Think of it, since the DNC opened, which is two days ago, five people killed, and many people injured.

Brutal.

Well, when you say Israel won the war, but they have not won the war of public relations, because the world is angry at Israel, because the Democrat party doesn't stick up for Israel, doesn't justify anything having to do with Israel. And so they are not winning the war of public relations, to put it very, very simply.

And other nations are angry at Israel, because they're just so poorly represented by the Democrats. The Democrats are against, I can't believe it. Chuck Schumer is a Palestinian, as far as I'm concerned. And yet, when it comes to elections, for whatever reason, he'll be supported by Jewish people. He's Jewish, and yet he's totally given up on Israel, as far as I'm concerned.

It's shocking.

I think in a sense, they'll know. I mean, they already see certain people that are out there a lot, and they know. But we're going to have great people. You know, one thing is when I went there, I had a lot of things going for me, but I didn't know people from Washington, and I had to rely on people to get names and recommendations.

And I got a lot of great ones, in all fairness. But I got some that I would have never used had I know. Now, I know. I spent four years. I know people better than anybody in the history of Washington. I know the good, the bad, the dumb, the smart. I know the weak, I know the loyal. The loyal is interesting, because loyal, you never really know until certain times, until certain events happen.

Loyalty is very interesting. That's something you never really know, but learn about. And that's a little bit of a hit and miss, frankly. A little bit of a hit and miss.

Well, first of all, I'm not allowed to talk about it, because you know what? I'm under a gag order.

This is a very, this is a very, very conflicted judge, and I'm not allowed to talk, because I'm under a gag order. This is a Democrat judge who was appointed, not elected. He was appointed. I guess that means he's temporary. And he ruled on a case, and he said guilty. He made it, what he did in that case is disgraceful.

It's a disgrace.

But I'm not allowed to talk about the, excuse me --

I'm not allowed to talk about the important parts. But he's a highly-conflicted judge, and people are very angry about it. And there was no crime committed whatsoever. If you take a look at all of your pundits, Jonathan Turley and McCarthy, and Gregg Jarrett and all of them, Mark Levin, everybody said there was absolutely no case.

He made it a case.

But remember this. Wait a minute.

Wait, wait, wait. I don't know, we have a bad line or something, because you seem to talk when I'm talking. But just wait a minute. I'm under a gag order. Think of that. I'm the leading candidate. I'm actually leading it the polls. I'm just seeing right today, I'm leading despite all of the, you know, the horrible things they say.

Lies, they're all lies. But I'm leading in the polls. I'm the leading candidate for president of the United States, and I have a judge who was appointed in New York city/state, appointed judge, not an elected judge, you have to get elected. He's appointed. And I have a judge who has me under a gag order where I'm not allowed to talk.

So when somebody like you asks me a question about that, I can't talk about the most important aspects of the case. Nobody's ever heard of that thing.

Think of it. I'm a politician running. I'm leading for president of the United States. I'm the nominee of the Republican Party. And I have a gag order by a very, very highly-conflicted Democrat judge in New York. By the way, started by the DOJ.

The DOJ had its people in that office. This is all a Biden thing and a Kamala thing. These two people, they're the ones. You know, when they talk about convicted felon, well, first of all, I'm not a convicted felon, number one. That doesn't happen for a while. But it's so unfair what happened. They, just think of this.

It started with the DOJ. They have their representatives going and working on it, and also with the state case. This is all the DOJ, and that includes Fani. That includes Fani and her lover, Wade, in Atlanta.

Actually, actually, it's pretty simple. I'm going to say they're the ones that started it. They did this against their political opponent. I'm their political opponent, and they started all of this, and it's never been done in this country before. And I'm a totally innocent person. And the people know that.

And you know what? If I wasn't, I wouldn't be leading everybody in polls, including her. I wouldn't be leading.

Well, first of all, I built a tremendous, you know, I built hundreds of miles of wall, number one.

And it was very hard to get the approval, because Congress was not behaving at that point. Now, they'll behave. But Congress was not, I don't know if you saw the kind of, did you notice who was endorsing me? I got Mitch McConnell endorsing me, a lot of people endorsing me that perhaps years ago wouldn't have endorsed me, but they're all endorsing me. I built hundreds of miles of wall.

You know what I did? I said it was an invasion of our country. And I took the money out of the military. I built hundreds of miles. I then was going to add 200 miles more, far more than I said was going to build, and I was going to add 200. I built the wall, and then we had a disgusting, disgusting and shameful result in the election, and they decided not to build it. And I said whoa, that's amazing.

They didn't want to put it up. And then they went open borders. And now because went open border, and she was the czar, now she says she's not the czar. She was the czar. She was the head of the border. She was the person put in charge. Whether you want to call her czar or not, but she was the czar. That's the term they used.

But she was the border czar, the worst border czar in history. And then what happened is you have hundreds, and she only went their once, but she didn't really go there once. She went to a location that you'd love to go with your family for dinner, okay?

That was not the kind of border we're talking about where people are getting killed on a daily basis.

Okay.

No, I think she's a Marxist, and that's what they want to do -- price controls. A Marxist wants to destroy the system. They want to, if it doesn't work, that's okay. That's good, because she wants it destroyed. She will destroy our country. Price controls, forget about Nixon. They've worked anywhere in the world.

In history, they've never worked, because people get around price controls very easily, and very, very easily. Look, she came in with a bad energy policy. That's what caused the inflation. Then, she went back to Trump. She went back to my, and she was drilling. The difference is I would have four times now the numbers that I had when she, when they took over.

So I'd have four times. They're up to my number.

No, no, no. But they're up to mine. I think this is very important. They're up to my number. The only reason is that gasoline was going up to $6 and $7 dollars a gallon. And so they immediately said go back and let them drill like they were drilling under Trump, but they really weren't, because they're not renewing leases.

They're not doing a lot of the things you have to do. Here's the difference. So they're trying to compete with my number, which is okay. But I, today, would be at least four times more. We'd be double what Saudi Arabia and Russia are doing. I beat them, but we would now be more than double what Saudi Arabia and Russia would do. We would be making a fortune.

We'd be paying down debt. We'd have so much energy. Energy bills would be cut in half instead of tripling and quadrupling. I mean, you have the energy is going up. Take a look at what's happening with the gasoline prices. They're getting up close to $5 dollars again, $5 dollars a gallon.

Yup. 100%. No, 100%. Not only nuclear. We have other things. Now the worst, and the most expensive is wind. And they're subsidizing, they are subsidizing these wind farms all over the place, and they're destroying the fields, the plains, the canyons. I mean, what they're doing to our country, they're killing all the birds.

And it's the single most expensive form of energy. And remember, you have to replace them. They wear out. We don't need that. We have the best, we have, from an energy standpoint, there's no country in the world that has what we have, and we don't use it.

You can't believe anything. She's going back to what she said. Now here's the only thing. Our country will be long bankrupt by the time you get there, so it's not going to matter. This country's going to go bankrupt very quickly. We have to start paying down debt. We would have been paying down debt. We would have been doing things that today, we would have been in exactly the opposite.

We wouldn't have had inflation. We'd be the dominant energy force in the world. We were energy independent under me. But we would have been dominant. We were never energy independent before. We were energy independent. We would have been the dominant energy force in the world, and we would have had, we were doing things before COVID came in. Then, we did a great job on COVID, didn't get credit.

Do you know, many more people died under Biden than died under Trump, and I had COVID in prime time. We had it in the height of it before anyone really even know what it was. Nobody knew. But many more people died under Biden. His management of COVID was horrible.

But we supplied them things that should have made it much better.

By the way, my staff, just do you understand, just so you understand, I'm not Biden. My staff doesn't tell me to get off the phone, okay?

So you just close at a leisurely pace. I don't want to rush you. I think that's why you keep talking over me.

Because you're afraid of my staff.

I'm not afraid of my staff. You got used to Biden. Well, if you're afraid of Margo, I understand that. But listen you got used to Biden. No, my staff is great. They're wonderful. They don't stop me, but you know, ask me one more question, and we'll do it a different time.

You're so used to Biden, you know, you people got so, you people got so used to Biden, where his staff would say that's enough, and they'd cut off the mic. All right, let's go.

They have to do what they have to do. But that whole thing is crying out now to get something done so there can be a lasting peace. You have to make a lasting peace. I will work on that, and I'll get things done, too. And you know, they know. A lot of things going on right now, because they know I'm leading in the polls.

They know if I get in, it's going to be a whole different story. And that different story is going to lead to getting a real peace, not a peace that's going to be in two years, there'll be another attack like the October 7th attack. Do you know that people are actually denying the October 7th attack even took place?

I was watching it last night.

Some of these protesters, they're denying it even took place. Well, there are people that denied that the Holocaust took place. It's the same people. But they're denying that it even took place. We will get a lasting, strong, powerful peace that's going to be there. Hey, I did the Abraham Accords. I did things that nobody thought were possible.

Anybody else would have gotten the Nobel Peace Prize. Anybody but me would have gotten that. But I did the Abraham Accords. People said it was impossible.

Oh, absolutely. Absolutely. Are you kidding? You take a look at Harvard, what they're doing, and you take a look at the grants they get and all of the money and the billions of dollars that they have, it's a disgrace. The way they're treating, especially, I mean, I must say, as I'm reading, and as I'm seeing from reports, especially Jewish students --

They're treating them horribly.

They're treating them horribly. It's not even believable. You know, years ago, and we'll end at this, but years ago, and not that long ago, I'd say 10, 12, 15 years ago, there was no more powerful, call it a lobby, but there was no more powerful lobby than the Israeli lobby, than the Jewish lobby. Today, it's almost the opposite.

You have people like me that are big supporters, but we're in a tremendous minority. When guys like Schumer go for Hamas and Hezbollah, I mean, look at Schumer. Why would a Jewish person be voting for Schumer?

No, why would somebody who's Jewish be voting for these people? If Jewish people vote for her, and I use this expression, they ought to go out, because Kamala is a person that is very anti-Israel, and very anti-Jewish. But she solves that problem by saying her husband's Jewish, okay? But that doesn't, her actions are the worst that we've ever had.

Think of it. You brought this up at the beginning. She wouldn't even meet. She didn't want to meet all with Netanyahu when he came to town, wouldn't go, you know, it's pretty important when somebody speaks before Congress, wouldn't even think about seeing him, then going. What she's doing to Israel is unbelievable.

She's giving the other side tremendous hope, and that hope is going to keep the war going forever.

Absolutely. They're saying just hold out, just hold out, because they're going to be -- Israel is not going to be able to withstand the pain. If they get elected, if she gets elected, this Marxist that ruined San Francisco and ruined California, people don't even want to go there, they're not livable places, and they were the best.

And they're not livable. If that one gets in, our country is finished. And we can't let it happen. You know, if I was running against some normal Democrat like there used to be, it's a big difference, I'd be talking a lot differently, believe me.

This is a woman that will destroy our country like she destroyed San Francisco, and like she destroyed California. Just look at it.

Every single policy --

Well, we're doing a lot, and we always enjoy doing you. And have a good time. We'll be doing you again. Have a good time. Thank you very much, Hugh.

Thank you.