Well, the closing message is we have to save our country. Our country is in big trouble. We're really in decline, serious decline. We've had two people that don't know what they're doing. We even have the danger of World War III when you look around the world. But we're going to make America great again, very simple message.

We're going to bring back businesses. We're going to cut taxes and do all the things that we've done. We had the greatest economy we ever had just four years ago. And now, we're going to have to do it again, but do it even better. If you take a look at our record and everybody says, were you better off four years ago, and the answer is absolutely yes.

So, we're going to do it again and do it even better.

Yeah.

Well, many industries because we've been taken advantage of by so many different countries, even our so-called friends. They took advantage of us almost worse than the enemies if you want to know the truth. And it's time that we now get some of it back, and we will do that. And the tariffs, to me, is a very beautiful word.

You know, to a lot of people, they don't have any idea what they're doing. They don't understand it. But the word tariff is beautiful. We're going to protect our company, our countries, and we're going to -- very importantly, you just take a look, we're going to protect our jobs. Exciting game now. We're going to protect our jobs because our jobs are being stolen, our money is being stolen.

And we're going to protect those people and those companies. We're going to do it. The foreign nations have taken advantage of us for too long, and we can't allow them to do it any longer. You know, we owe $36 trillion, and we're going to get it back.

Yeah.

Well, it's just the opposite. The country will pay the tax. Our consumers didn't. If you look at our economy, as you know, I had virtually no inflation at all. They say inflation. We had no inflation and we had the best economy we've ever had. And that's what happens. I took out 400 billion-plus from China.

They paid us a lot of money. No, they've never paid anybody anything under any other president. And we've gotten hundreds of billions of dollars from China with no inflation, whatsoever. So, we're going to do it. We're going to do it strong. We're going to have a lot of good friends still in the world, but it's time that the United States -- you know, it's a policy called America First, and we're going to have to start or we're not going to have an America.

And she has no clue what she's doing. Joe Biden has no clue what he's doing. She said she'd follow the same principles that he followed. And everybody agrees we're about 86 percent on the wrong path, and that's what it is, and we're not going to let that continue.

Just the opposite, they'll respect us. They expect it, and they'll respect us for doing it. I had that with Japan. I had to renegotiate the whole deal. It was so bad. And when I went to Prime Minister Abe, who was, unfortunately, no longer with us, he was assassinated, but he said, "I was waiting for you to come back."

He expected it because it was so ridiculous. It's so one-sided. And I made a brand-new deal.

Well, we're going to do it again because it's a rip-off. We pay $1 trillion. Other countries pay nothing. China pays nothing, India pays nothing, Russia pays nothing, and we pay $1 trillion at least. And we'll take them out so fast your head would spin. It's a ridiculous one-sided deal. All they did with the Paris accord is take advantage environmentally of the United States, and we're not going to stand for it.

So, I pulled them out. I'm going to pull them out again.

Yeah.

Well, I think it's got to be longer than six weeks, personally. And as you know, I've done a great job on this for the people. They wanted to get it back in the states. They wanted a vote of the people. All Democrats wanted it, all Republicans wanted it, everybody. And I'm a believer in the exceptions, that's life of the mother, rape, and incest, and I believe strongly in that, as Ronald Reagan and others have and most of the party does.

But no, I think it's got to be longer than six weeks.

Yeah. I was there. I was there. I went there right afterwards. Yeah.

Terrible.

I did.

I did, yeah.

Success is going to move us forward. Nobody ever thought we'd see what's going on right now. I mean, the attack of October 7th would have never happened if I were president. Ukraine would have never happened with Russia. That would have never happened. We wouldn't have had the Afghanistan disaster, the most embarrassing moment probably in the history of our country.

I think it was the most embarrassing. When Putin saw that, he, all of a sudden, decided that we were a paper tiger. He's going to go in and he's going to -- you know, he's going to take care of Ukraine. And you see how that's working out. Not good. And we'll get that solved. But we would have never had the Ukraine-Russia deal.

We would have never had -- you take a look at October 7th. It wouldn't have happened. Afghanistan, the way they pulled out, not the pullout, the way they pulled out would have never happened ever. We would have gotten out from strength and from dignity. What -- what happened to us there is just horrible.

And of course, we lost 13 soldiers, many horribly wounded, the legs, the arms, the whole thing. And we gave them billions of dollars worth of the best military equipment in the world. I mean, you can't get worse than that. And we left Americans behind, too, which people have to remember. Look, Joe Biden is the worst president in the history of the United States, and she's the worst vice president.

And we're not going to let her destroy our country because our country is being destroyed with these people. They don't know what they're doing.

Of course, I'll accept them immediately if it's a fair election, but you want to make sure it's a fair election. You always have to have the option of challenging something. On the assumption that it's a fair election, absolutely. Now, the good news is that we're way up now in the polls. You see it. In fact, I guess it was ABC who said we're way up.

They just came out a little while ago, just before you, actually, and they said we have a very substantial lead, and I think we should have because we're going to make America great again and she's going to destroy America. You'll end up in a 1929-style depression with her.

Well, I think there has been a divide because it started with President Obama. There was a tremendous divide. And if you look at what's happened with Biden, I mean, it's been -- it's been terrible. And she's a big part of that. And I think, right now, what -- what is going to bring us together -- and I said it before, and it was working because I had the most successful economy in the history of our country, and it was -- it was really coming together.

What's going to bring us together is success. It's going to bring everybody together. Prior to COVID coming in, we had a unified country. It was amazing. Liberal, conservative, everybody was -- we were unified. Success will bring us together, and we're going to have tremendous success.

Thank you very much. Good job.

Good job.