Nice to see you all.

Wow. How are you? Nice to see you?

How good are the barbers here?

I'll bet.

Let's see. I can see they're good. They look good to me. Nice soft floor. What's that all about?

What is this -- wrestling matches? Thank you. Nice to see you all. How are you? Nice to see you?

Big hands, strong guy, big --

How are you? Nice to see you?

So, you're the owner?

Oh, you did that very nice and easy?

Is he as good as you?

Good. Nice to see you.

Thank you very much.

Yeah.

Good.

Right, right.

I agree.

We get rid of them.

We get rid of them because they're sanctuary -- you know what they're for? Criminals, and all over the country. The criminals go there. But you're right, you know the polls are showing that inflation and the -- and not the border. The border is third. They have inflation and the economy as the No. 1 and No.

2 issue. I disagree. I think inflation is massive, the economy is massive, but the border to me is like -- it's the fabric of our country. And we had the strongest border in recorded history. Four years ago, you had a border -- you didn't have the problems that you have now. Last week, they announced that we had 13,099 convicted murderers released from jails all over the world.

You know, it's not South America, it's all over the world, including South America. So, I agree with you. I think the biggest problem we have is the border. It's something -- and it's also the hardest thing to solve. And the only way you can solve it, you have to get the criminals, the murderers, you got to get them out.

You got to get them out fast before they prey on our people.

Right.

The other problem you have is that you're not allowed to do your job.

And when you were there -- you go back 10, 15 years, when you were there, you were allowed to do your job.

New York's finest. They're still New York's finest, but they're not allowed to do their job.

Right.

You're losing it?

It's your business?

Right.

So, here's what we're doing. Number one, it all began with the oil. They screwed around with what I did with oil. We had the greatest -- we were energy independent. You remember back four or five years ago, $1.87 for a gallon of gas. We actually had it lower than that for your car, $1.87. Now, it's at 3.

5, but it was much higher. They brought back my policies to break even. But by that time, the damage was done. And now, you have inflation and you have the cost so high. And they haven't gone down. We're going to do two things. Interest rates are going down, it's going to be brought down. It's going to be brought down fast.

But much more importantly and quicker, we're going to drill, baby, drill. You've heard that, right? Drill, baby, drill. We're going to get our oil. We're going to have much more of it than we're going to do, four to five times more than we're doing right now. We can do that. These people are amazing.

They can do it. And we'll be supplying it to Asia. We'll be supplying it to Europe. We'll be supplying it to everywhere. And that's going to bring down prices. It's going to bring down the cost of everything. If you make donuts -- when you look at these stores, they have trucks that deliver. They have stoves and ovens.

You have your lighting, you have all this, you know, equipment. And all of that electric equipment that he's using on your beautiful head -- you have a good-looking head of hair. I'm jealous. Look at that flat top. I'd have a flat top. I wish I had a flat top. You never had -- you never had a hair loss problem, didn't you?

He's lucky. He's one of those gifted ones. Anyway, what -- what you do -- those machines are very expensive. They're running the machines. They're electric. When that comes down, every -- like in a shop like this, no matter what you do, it's about energy. We're going to bring it down, we're going to get the prices down.

How is your rent done in terms of -- do you own the store, or is it rented?

And is your landlord a good guy? Is he OK?

You cut his hair, I hope.

You know what? If you -- if you're as good as your father says, right, and you cut his hair great, that's very important, the barber to a guy.

So, he could be a wealthy landlord, but he'll give you a low rent because having a good barber is a very important thing, I can tell you.

That's a big thing, though, what he's --

So, how has your rent been? So, where was it like five years ago, the rent?

Yeah. It's OK, it's a big increase.

What?

You went from 2,100 --

How many heads can you -- can you take care of? That's -- that's a lot of heads.

So, it went from 2,100 to 15,000?

So, there's an example, though. Energy, right? So, energy, when that comes down -- ready, I -- I almost hate to say it because you'd be at 7,000, right? But --

Your energy bill from January 20th, if I win -- we got to win.

And we're in -- by the way -- and we're in New York, and these guys love New York. If we win -- oh, I love this guy. Look at that.

Give me that hat, I'm going to sign that.

Come on, give me that hat.

I love this guy. Thank you very much. That's beautiful. I'll sign yours, too, look at that one.

He's going to keep busy for a long time. So, let me ask you. How much is it, like, a haircut, an average haircut? Guy comes in, he wants --

Yeah.

What did it used to be?

Fifteen.

Yeah.

Right.

Do you have guys like these guys? Do they come in and negotiate the price?

They probably do. I would --

So, Bobby Kennedy, right, everybody likes Bobby. And he's so big into the health, food, and women, things, everything, he wants to do things -- and the environment. And he endorsed me, the first time a Kennedy has ever endorsed a Republican. Maybe it's going to be the last, but I doubt it. And he's a great guy.

He would be so perfect. He doesn't like artificial foods, and he doesn't like pesticides and all the stuff they put on him. And if you listen to him for 10 minutes, I mean, he says, "Other countries that don't do anything are healthier than us, OK?" We're not that healthy --

To put it mildly. So, no artificial foods. We don't want artificial -- we have plenty of food. The food isn't our problem. And our farmers are great, and our farmers aren't allowed to do their job. You know our farmers did great. Four years ago, they were doing the -- just about the best they've ever done.

They're not doing well at all now. We're not going to have artificial foods. We don't want artificial foods, we want healthy foods. And a lot of things are going to be going. And I'll tell you, I'm going to have Bobby Kennedy involved in it. He's a great guy. And even the way -- when I mentioned his name, all of you guys -- and your tough cookies.

You know, you wouldn't think -- sometimes, you'd say, maybe you wouldn't like a guy like Bobby. But he -- he's a person that talks more about food and health than anything else. So≤ I think that's cool. So, we'll get it -- we'll get it taken care of.

You'll be healthier in four years from now than you are now. And you look very healthy to me by the way.

Thank you. Go ahead.

Right.

Yeah.

How many kids do you have?

Good, good.

Yeah.

Right.

Right.

In two minutes.

Right.

Yeah.

Yeah.

There is a way. There is a way.

You know, in the old days, when we were smart, when we were a smart country, in the 1890s, you know, this is when the country was relatively the richest it ever was. It had all tariffs, it didn't have an income tax.

OK? Now, we have income taxes, and we have people that are dying. They're paying tax, and they don't have the money to pay the tax. Now, in the old days, 1890, 1880, we had so much money. They had to set up committees, blue ribbon committees, how to spend our wealth. We had no idea how to spend it. It was so much money.

Then, we went to the income tax system, and the rest is sort of history. But, no, there is a way. I mean, if we -- if what I'm planning comes out -- it's a great question, by the way. Very --

You're a pretty sophisticated cat, you know?

Everything.

Yeah.

Regulations. And regulations. So, I cut more regulations in four years than any other president by four times. Yeah. Let's go. You were going to ask one question.

I'll tell you, the one thing -- because I did -- look, we had the best economy with the best borders. We had a lot of -- so I did a lot of good stuff, rebuilt the military. It's all about people. I got to get the right people. You know, when I went there, I won -- 92 percent of the presidents, 92 percent, for the whole history of our country, were politicians.

Eight percent were generals. No admirals, 8 percent were generals. That's it, that's 100 percent, 92 and 8. There were politicians and there were generals, General Washington, you know, etc., etc., George Washington. Thank you. You're doing very good at that?

I'm just going to sign this, give me that.

You do have longer arms. So, they were -- so, here's what we do. We take all of that, and we come -- and here comes Donald Trump down the line. And so, it's about people. It's all about people. I went to Washington 17 times in my entire life, so I wasn't a Washington person. I was a New York person. So, when I went to Washington, all of a sudden, I'm standing in the White House opposite the Lincoln bedroom, and I say, "Man, this is so amazing."

But I didn't really know too many. So, I had to rely on people to give me recommendations for people, to run agencies to be secretary of this, secretary of that, all big stuff. And I didn't know anybody, I had to rely -- and I still did great. Look, we rebuilt the military, we knocked out ISIS. We did all these things, we did great.

We had the best economy, we had the best everything. Everything was good. But I had some people that I -- if I had it to do again, I wouldn't have used. Now, I've been there four years plus another four that I'm sort of there in a way. I know the best people. To me, it's all about people. You got to have the right people.

We have the best people lined up. We're going to do a great job. Listen, so I'm going down to see The Wall Street Journal. If I had my choice, I'd stay with you for two or three hours because you guys are great. You guys are the same as me, it's the same stuff. We were born the same way.

I grew up in Queens and all of that. I mean, you know, it's -- I had a great father. I had a father who was a great guy. He was tough but good, big heart; big, big heart. And he was a construction guy pretty much and a real estate guy, and I learned a lot from him. He was great. But I know you people so well.

Without knowing you, I know you so well. When I walked in here, I said this is -- this is home territory, and I really appreciate it. And you are a fantastic -- I bet he's a fantastic father.

Take care of that guy, all right?

OK, good.

Is he a good barber, too?

Who's better you or him as a barber?

How long have you worked here?

That's fantastic.

Could he give me a good haircut, yeah?

Who's the master? Is he the best?

He looks like a young guy.

That's great. Good job. You did a good job with your boy, I tell you, right?

You did a good job with your son?

He's doing good.

And do you have other kids, too?

All good. I'll bet all good.

I can look at him and see that you all turned out --

Do they work here too at all?

Oh, good. What do you do?

Yeah.

Good, great.

Great. You look great.

Thank you very much.

Really nice. Thank you, and thank you.