We just don't think it's necessary. And we think we've discussed everything, and I don't think they want it either. But I think we really ought to focus on running the country. But we have -- we had two debates. I think they were very good debates, pretty much everything was discussed and you want to get on with your business.

Yes.

Very important. It could be really the deciding factor in who wins. It's a great place, and I've done well here, as you know, won all my primaries. We had two great elections. I think I did better even in the second one, if you want to know, won the first one.

Yes.

Yes.

Well, we look really at the criminal element. We have to look at the criminal element. You don't want that, we don't want that, I don't want it. And that's where we start. So, we want the criminal element out, and they will be out.

Well, what I want to do is we want to have strong borders. We want people to come into the country, but we want them to come in legally. And that's all of the people. And we want to take care of the Hispanic population and the entire population of our country. We want great people to come to our country, but we do want them to come in. We just want them to come in legally.

Do you live what?

I think you're having a crisis in Arizona. You have a housing crisis, and you have a crisis of a lot of illegals coming in, and they're coming from the wrong places. They're coming from places that you don't want them to come from, places where there's a lot of problems and where they are a lot of problem. And we don't want that in Arizona.

Well, I have a much better plan. We're going to drive down interest rates. We're going to get the rates down so low, and people are going to be able to buy a house again. We're going to make money available to them. And right now, the money is not available. With me, the rates were at 2 percent, 2.1, 2.

2 percent. And now, they're at 10 percent, and you can't get the money. So, you can do a subsidy, but you're not going to be able to buy the house anyway. And actually, with a subsidy like that, all you're going to do is drive up the cost of housing. And that's not what you want. You want to have really the American dream.

You want to be able to have young people go out and borrow money inexpensively and build a house. The other thing we're doing is we're going to be reducing the price of the house by as much as 40, maybe even 50 percent because of regulation. They have a lot of federal regulation and a lot of regulation on housing, and it drives up the cost of the housing.

So, we're going to be able to drive it down quite a bit.

Well, I think we're going to win very big. And as long as it's an honest election, I will absolutely accept the results. But it looks like, you know, we're way up in the polls. I think we're going to win big, I hope. That's come from stories, that's come from television. And some of the pets, I don't know, cats or dogs, or both, but some of the pets were taken by the migrants.

Yes, from local authorities, but also from the newspaper.