Well, we're going to make America great again. We have a real problem. Our country has never been this way. It's never been so dangerous or so sick. When you look at millions and millions of people pouring in through our border, coming in at levels like nobody's ever seen before, I think the real number will be 18 million people by the time this guy is finished.

He's destroying our country, he's a horrible president, and we have to change on so many different levels.

Yeah.

No. Well, I mean, we have a lot of cash, and we're doing well, and we have a much better message. She has raised some money, but it's mostly -- it's not a lot. It's mostly from Democrats. I mean, she's getting her money from Democrats. So -- and actually, Biden Democrats, are they going to vote for him if he runs?

I don't know that he's going to get the --

Look, I see the way he is. I'm not sure, but I'd like to see him run. I think it would be great. I would be very happy.

Well, nobody's ever heard of such a thing. He comes out with a verdict, and you're supposed to put up a bond. It takes you a period of time to get a bond. You have to go to a bonding institution. It's a sham. It's a horrible thing. We did nothing wrong. He knows we did nothing wrong. He practically said we did nothing wrong.

We -- the banks were happy. There was no victim. There was no jury, wouldn't allow a jury. We had a clubhouse politician decide that Trump should pay $355 million on a situation where it was perfect.

Sure.

Sure. I think the one in Florida, that's -- you're talking about the documents case?

Well, they're not trying Joe Biden, and he had 50 years of documents, and he had classified documents all over the place, including Chinatown, including under his Corvette in a garage. I did nothing wrong, and I come under the Presidential Records Act. So, we just put in, you know, for a dismissal of that case.

You know that, you probably saw it.

We should be dismissed. I tell you, in the history of our country, there's never been anything like this. This is what a third-world country does. It's the greatest scam in political history. It's a witch hunt. It's the greatest witch hunt, certainly, in political history.

Yeah.

When this decision came down, politicians were calling me and they said, "What do we do? This decision is a very rough decision. What do we do?" And when I understood it and it didn't take me too long -- you know, I'm like you, we're both fast studies, right? I said, wait a minute, these people are helping women to have beautiful babies, which is what they want.

They may be unable to have them without. And I came down in favor of it. And it's been met really in a very popular way. We want to help women. We don't want to hurt women.

Yeah.

Yeah.

There is.

And Hispanic support.

And Asian support. But there is a tremendous surge of Black support. Look, I'm embarrassed to say, Republicans would get like 4% or 5% or 6%, and I'm at 28%. And I think we're going much higher. The illegal immigrants that are coming in and they're -- again, they're rough people. In many cases, they're very -- they are not sending their finest for the most part.

They're sending some very rough people. This is going to have a huge impact on the Black community because a lot of these people are going to work for very little money, and they're going to take Black people's jobs. They're going to take Hispanic jobs. They're going to take the jobs of unions.

Thank you.

Thank you very much. Thank you.