So, I'm going to give you some big breaking news, all right?

Yeah.

Yeah.

He's got the whole ball game, that kid.

Yeah.

I'm going to make this country great again. It's not a great country right now.

OK, well -- I'm good with names, you know.

With tampon Tim, it's hard to say. There are some like comrade Kamala.

It's a little hard to say. She's not bad. But when you put the names together, it's a little -- like got to be able to --

I'm trying to get out of it. How are we doing so far?

Give them a little more time, what the hell? These are great questions. What the hell? But they lie, and they know it's a lie. She lied about many things, and she's a liar. I have a hard time doing it to them. You know, I'm basically a truthful person --

No, but practically --

No, but --

Thank you.

Thank you very much. Thank you, fellas.

OK.

Go ahead.

Yeah.

They better.

Yeah.

Yeah.

So, I do have good kids and five really wonderful children, and different, very different. They are so different. But, you know, one thing that was in common that I did, I always used to say when I was with them or when they were leaving a room, I would drive them crazy, "No drugs, no alcohol, no cigarettes." I would say that.

Yeah, Don's pretty little wild. He's a wild -- he's -- you know, he can be a little tough.

Go ahead.

Right.

Yeah.

That's right.

Yeah. It happened.

No, it happened. No, I can never give closure. Yeah, you can -- you can never forget. A lot of people like to forget things. You can't -- no. He's a good guy. You know, he's taken a lot because he was always a good student. He went to the Wharton School of Finance, which is great, and he did well. But he -- he went into the world of politics, not because he wanted to, but because I was there.

And I sort of automatically -- you drag -- you drag the family in. And this guy what he had to go through with Russia, Russia, Russia.

He goes, "Dad, they're asking me questions about Russia. I don't know anything about Russia. What's going on?" And all of a sudden, he's in front of grand juries. He's in front of Congress.

It was a hoax.

It was a total hoax.

This was a made-up hoax by crazy Nancy Pelosi and these, you know, the maniacs.

Hillary Clinton, who's totally nuts.

And this went on for two years. And, you know, he said "Dad, I know nothing about this." And you go before the grand jury. And, you know, Comey -- you have Comey who's the worst, just a bad guy. But he went through a lot. And it actually made him tougher. I don't know if that's good or bad, but he's a tough cookie that one.

And it made -- in his case, it made him tougher. Ivanka did a great job. She didn't want anything -- all she wanted to do was get people jobs. I would have made her the ambassador to the UN. I wanted to do that. I think she would have been incredible, the whole aura. She would have been great. But she didn't want that.

She didn't -- and that would have been a very glamorous position.

She would have been great there. All she did is go to see companies and hire people she wanted.

And she hired -- I think it was like 10 million people, some --

Incredible amount of people. She'd go to Walmart, she'd go to Exxon, she'd go to these big companies and see if she could get groups of people hired.

And she loved doing it. It was great -- and she -- there was no glamor, there was no anything --

But she got people jobs that made her --

Yeah.

Well, you know, I've seen a lot of wealthy families where the kids are mostly don't work out too well. Some don't turn out to be bad kids, but they end up hating the father, or the father maybe wanted him in business. I mean, I have one father that's very competitive with his son. He's -- if the son were more successful than him --

He would be unhappy. I said, "Are you crazy? It's supposed to be the other way around."

My father was so proud of me. He was -- he was a successful guy.

But my father wanted me to be more successful. I mean, he was so proud of all the things. I wish he could have seen what happened --

Because we did things. But he was, you know, he's just a proud father.

And I think most fathers are that way, I hope. But I've known many fathers that are very successful that didn't want their -- that broke up over their son's success. If you know -- in the few cases where the son was more successful, which was very seldom actually, you know, it was -- it's very seldom.

You take people like in sports. Because in sports, you see it because it's a microcosm of life. But it's quicker. And you'll take like the greatest golfers, and they'll have a son, and he'll be really good as a young. But you -- they never supersede almost -- I can't think of any. They never supersede the father in terms of success.

And in sports, generally. Baseball, you can go to a lot of different sports. And it really is a sort of a microcosm of life. But with life, it takes a lot longer to find out the --

Thank you. That's very nice. I think I like this interview. I think --

I think he's right.

By the way, congratulations, I hear your show is like is crazy monster success.

No, it's -- it's really good. And right in the middle of a campaign with only 29 days to go.

And you're taking up time.

You know what it is? It's a different world out there. You guys and some others --

You know, you -- we had the standard television for many years. And that's still, I think -- you know, I think it's underrated now. I think it's still very important.

But there's a whole new thing. Elon interviewed me on something.

And I think they said 275 million --

Hits are listed.

That was a record.

But it's a whole new different way of getting the word out, right?

He's a piece of work, I tell you. You know he's a great guy.

With -- I mean, he's obviously a brilliant guy.

I mean, when I saw the rocket engines come back, I said, "What is that?" Like a couple of years ago, you know, I've seen rockets go up and then they crash into the water.

And I see the engines are coming back, and they're landing.

They're landing, and they land on a raft in the middle of the ocean someplace --

With a little dot, and they land right on the top of the spot.

I know. It's -- most people can't. But -- but no, he's great. But he's got a great heart. He was with me, as you know, on the other night.

And we were honoring a man who got killed at a rally, Corey, firefighter, great guy. And it was a beautiful evening. But Elon went out, and he loved the crowd.

He loves the country.

And he's picked a side. A lot of people don't want to pick a side. I have a lot of people that are big supporters of me.

But they -- they won't go all out. You know, they can't --

Yeah, there's a cost.

There is a cost, but there's also a liability. I mean, you know, some people -- I respect it a lot when this guy was up there doing jumping jacks.

You got to vote for Trump. You got to vote for Trump.

He was jumping high, you know --

When he jumped, he's in good shape. I looked -- I'm looking at his waist. I'm saying, "Wait a minute, does he work out or something?" But he is -- he really -- and he had a -- he had a great time. And, you know, he's -- he's not out that much. He's probably --

Maybe a little. Would you say he's a little reclusive possibly?

He had -- he's very busy and maybe a little reclusive.

But he -- he had the greatest time. He would say, "Look at these people." We had 100,000 -- more than 100,000 people.

It was a record. It was nobody's ever seen.

And it was really -- it was a celebration of a life, and it was really a MAGA -- it was a MAGA deal.

He was a big MAGA person. His family was there. And two other people that were very badly hurt were also celebrated.

They were very badly hurt. They weren't actually expected to live.

And they lived, and they had incredible doctors. Some of those country doctors are better than the big doctors that we spend a lot of money on, and they don't do as good, I will tell you right now. I don't want to knock anybody, but those country doctors saved two people because I was told that three would --

No, think of that. Three would be in trouble.

And three were going to -- now, Corey, immediately. But the other two were so bad --

That they thought they wouldn't make it.

And those country doctors, they pulled them -- they pulled them together. They did a great job.

Yeah.

Yeah.

Yeah. It was not a good feeling.

No, I'm not scared. You know, I sort of -- I have an attitude, it's interesting. It sort of it is what it is.

Does that make any sense to you, guys? You know, you do what you have to do. I felt it was important to go back. A lot of people, I guess, agreed with me because it was over a hundred -- I think they said 108,000 people in the end. That's a lot of people.

And -- and I had no guitar. You know, if you have a guitar, it's easy. If you don't have a guitar --

I have Qatar. I do have that. They like me very much. But -- but I don't have a guitar.

Yeah. So, anyway -- but -- but that was an amazing -- it was amazing. I mean, no, I like it when somebody like Elon, who has a lot to lose --

Is willing to do what's right.

Some people know it's right to do, and I'm not just talking about endorsements and all, but they don't want to do things --

Because they're --

The word is political. They want to be politically correct.

And actually, they're doing a bad -- you know, a bad thing, I think, for themselves and for a lot of people they may represent.

Right.

Yeah.

He's a hell of a comedian, by the way.

That's what the word is.

Right.

They went, I would say, crazy.

I wasn't sure --

I'll tell you how -- you know, you have this as a comedian or even as a -- not as a comedian, just when you make a speech or you make some very serious statement.

So, we're at a very serious and somber thing --

Because we're celebrating a life that is no longer with us. And I wasn't sure whether or not that thing -- I had it in my mind for a long time. Once I said I'm going back, which I wanted to go back immediately, I wanted to actually finish my speech, OK? When I got up, I said, "Let me finish my speech."

But I'm surrounded by like eight very large strong men --

And a very wonderful woman. You saw that.

But I'm surrounded by guys. They said, "Sir, no way you're going." And I had blood pouring down. But I wanted to -- I really wanted to finish my speech. I said, I think I had like 50,000. I had a lot of people there.

And, you know, when I went down, it was sort of like embarrassed. I said, "I went down in front of all these people." You know, that was my first thing. I said, "I don't want to be embarrassed."

I wanted to -- yeah.

Well, you weren't exactly sure what the hell was happening at first, you know.

No, I did. But I was also, you know --

So, when I got hit, I assume that -- it's funny.

When I was -- it is sort of strange. I guess, now, it's a little bit -- we can smile a little bit, but not really because three guys, one killed one, two very badly.

But when I went down, I had total realization. It wasn't a surreal -- you know, they talked about a surreal -- that could be a surreal experience. Like, when somebody -- something happens -- some traumatic thing happens, people are -- they lose focus, they have no idea where they are. They -- you know, I've heard many people where that happens, something really terrible happens like that.

It was just the opposite. I knew exactly what had happened. I got shot in the ear, and Secret Service thought I may have been shot -- actually, they were pretty sure that I was shot all over because there was a lot of blood. Just a little fact, if you get shot in the ear, it's the bloodiest place. It bleeds more than anything else.

Now, it's good to be shot this way, not that way.

That way --

So, if I don't -- if I -- if I don't turn, I -- I wouldn't be doing this right now. I guarantee you.

My son, Don, told me -- actually, he's a great shooter. So is Eric, they're great shooters. They're like better than scratch, OK, if you --

And they say it's amazing because it was 130 yards. To me that sounds like far away --

But it's not for shooting. It's not -- he said that would be like sinking a one-foot putt for just a decent shooter.

And I don't know if you guys are shooters, but they said if you're a shooter, it's almost impossible to miss. It's that close.

It's really considered that close. I mean 300, 400, 500 yards is very doable. But this is supposed to be very close. And so, he said -- I think Don became more religious, actually, you want to know the truth. It had a big impact. He said it's impossible. It's just -- the doctor, actually, when I got to the hospital, they were fantastic, Butler Hospital.

I get there and the doctor greeted me, and he looked at me and looked it over. He said, "You are the luckiest man I've ever met.

He said you should immediately go out and buy a lotto ticket. Can you imagine telling me to buy a lotto ticket? There's blood all over the place.

And he said, I've never -- he said, "I've been doing this for 25 years." I said -- he said, "I've never seen a thing like this.

Because it's just whacked, whacked it.

But it was something that was, you know, relatively -- relatively not so bad compared to what could have happened. So, I feel very lucky. It was an amazing experience, a horrible experience in most ways. In some ways, it was beautiful because I was somehow -- somehow I -- hopefully, Corey's protected, too, who's the firefighter.

And he's in a good place, maybe a better place than we're in.

Because this world is a little bit on the tough side.

But it was a -- it was an amazing experience.

Well, maybe, especially when I'm hearing from people that do shoot and are good at it that it was almost impossible to miss from -- you know, like a one-foot putt --

It's very hard. You got to miss it. It's a bad putt, right?

He equated it to a one-foot putt. When they say that, I say, "Wow, that's -- so you're saying --" they said, "A bad shooter would hit you from that distance 100 percent of the time."

That's pretty -- that's pretty bad.

And here I am, I'm -- we're doing this wonderful interview with four geniuses that are hot as pistols, right? Look at the hair in this guy.

It's pretty -- pretty good stuff you got there. So, anyway, so -- but here we are.

So -- So I'm going to give you some big breaking news, right.

Because you're -- I know the kind of show and it's entertainment, but it's also very serious. I mean I get the whole picture. And you know what, if it was just funny stuff, you wouldn't have the success you've got, to be honest with you, right?

It's nice to intersperse it, but I'll give you something. So, first of all, I have great respect for the Secret Service. And the guys that were with me, I went down and I did a good job going down because those bullets were winging over my head. If I would have been up for another couple of seconds, I also wouldn't have been there.

But I didn't consider that as lucky as turning to the right at that one -- it was like one-sixteenth of a second.

It was the only time that I was safe, essentially.

if I would have gone a little further, I would have been hit. If I would have gone not as far, I would have been hit. I mean I had like this little tiny moment. And the amazing thing is the slide is always on my left, and it's always at the end, and I only use it 20 percent of the time, maybe even less than that. This was a chart --

This was a chart on immigration.

Because I have the record. I did a great job in immigration. They are not doing too well right now.

So, here's the thing. So -- so you have this shooter, and you have another shooter, right? So, this shooter had three or so cell phones. The FBI's never gotten them opened.

The other shooter, three apps, they call them, and I believe they were foreign-based apps from what I understand.

They haven't opened them, and they're foreign-based. And you know you hear all about Iran because I was rough with Iran, but I want to see Iran do great. I want to see Iran do great.

But I want to stop all the killing, and all this.

And -- and I was rough on Iran. And they supposedly have a hit on me. In fact, I think it takes great courage for you people to be interviewing me because it could be now, you know.

Because if you would have known that you might not have done this.

This is a good way of me getting the interview to be shorter.

All of a sudden, he's going to say, "You know, OK, that's it. Thank you very much, ladies and gentlemen.

They have three apps and foreign-based. Two of them, maybe three of them are foreign-based.

They haven't opened them yet. Why wouldn't you open them when you hear about Iran or when you hear about, you know, foreign -- and the other one had six cell phones, and they haven't open -- now, you know, it's very hard to open a cell phone. Only Apple can do it in theory unless you have somebody. But they had no problem getting the J6 people's cell phones open.

They opened their cell phones very quickly. You know, we have two countries in a way. What's happening here is very bad. It's very dangerous. We almost had one because I had the greatest economy in the history of our country, and people were coming together. We almost had one. But we really do have two right now, and it's a shame because I think we'll get them together.

Success will bring us together. But they should get those phones opened. And, you know, when there's an assassination attempt on a former president who's now, I'm proud to say, leading in all the polls against the Democrat, I don't know which one is running. You know, you don't know what the hell's going on.

I'm the only one that had to run against two. I run against two Democrats. But this is the first. We do -- we create a lot of firsts. Usually, you run against somebody. Here, I run -- I had the debate, I was way up on him --

And then, they say, oh, let's put -- this is like with Dana White, a fighter. So, you're fighting, and the one guy is getting killed. And they say, "Oh, that's OK. Let's put in another fighter --"

To finish it off. And you're fighting, you say, "Hey, wait a minute. I have a brand-new fighter in here."

I spent $150 million on beating Biden. And then, all of a sudden, I hear that they're going to overthrow him. It was a -- it was a coup.

I mean, it really was. But I would like them to -- to open up these apps and find out what's in there. And so, he had six -- six cell phones. Who has six cell phones? Having six cell phones is weird. I have cell phones. If I ever have two, it's like a lot.

He had six cell phones. Why does he have them? and why haven't they opened up those cell phones.

And it's different. You know, if you're a drug dealer, I think it's terrible in many ways. But I guess from another standpoint, Apple, the primary group, people buy those phones because they will never open them for any reason.

But they got them open on J6. You know, they opened up their phones, but they don't open -- and this is big stuff. This is an assassination attempt. And it could involve other countries.

There are some people in the world, very few, that can -- that have an ability to sometimes be able to hack in.

Very rarely. Actually.

it's an amazing thing. When you think that with all the genius, you almost can't do it. But Apple has a key. And the key is -- I mean it just -- they can do it immediately.

But they don't do it, and they don't do it. And that's one of the reasons that, like, I hate to say it, drug lords feel very confident that they'll never be exposed. And they use their cell phones --

Their Apple phones. And maybe it's that way with other companies. I don't know, they have Samsung, they have other companies. But it's very hard -- Apple is very strong on that. But when it comes to the assassination of a president, leading candidate --

Former president, all that, I think the rules have to go out, and they have to open those things and they have to find out. And, you know --

Some people would say you have to either punish Apple, or you have to get somebody that can do it. But in terms of national security -- so the one guy has six phones, lots of messages to people, who are those people he's calling when he's hiding behind the bush.

These are great questions. What the hell? I don't get these questions from the fake news.

Like "Deface the Nation," they have the woman, Brennan, she's on "Deface the Nation." She was terrible with, you know, the way she handled JD Vance, who did a great job the other night.

But I don't get questions like that. Did you ever hear of the show "Deface" -- ladies and gentlemen, it's Donald Trump on "Deface the Nation." It's called "Face the Nation." They hate me. They spend -- they spend millions of dollars --

Oh, I see. They spend -- oh, you didn't hear it. That's good. They spend millions of dollars on the name, CBS.

And then, I come along, and I say "Deface" -- it's "Face the Nation," it's a well-known show.

Or "Meet the Fake Press," you know, "Meet the Press."

I say "Meet the Fake Press."

And they spend all this money, and then I say it once and it goes to millions of people.

But, no, they are fake. But some of these questions -- some of these questions are much better.

Much better.

I'm trying to get out of it.

Well, look, if you look at assassinations or attempts, first of all, you realize I'm in a very dangerous business.

Because one -- one-tenth -- think of this, one-tenth of 1 percent of auto racers die.

Bull riders, I think that's pretty dangerous, right?

I don't know much about it, but I think it's -- I wouldn't want to be on one of those suckers.

I see them flying off in the hoof just like an inch from the eye. And when it hits the eye, you're gone, right?

They are very -- well, it's about the same, one-tenth of 1 percent.

And other things. It's never much more than that, that's sort of maxed out. I think. You know --

Race car drivers, bull riders, I think that's pretty much tough.

UFC fighters, it's none. You know, I don't think anyone's ever actually --

Amazingly, boxers die a lot. But UFC, Dana tells me it's a safe sport. I say to me it's much rougher. But you know, it's pretty amazing. They've never -- in UFC, they've never lost.

And they run a great operation. They've never -- nobody's died. But with presidents, it's like a substantial percentage --

When you look at Lincoln and Kennedy and this and that --

McKinley.

You look at a lot of people.

I'm in a very dangerous

Profession.

I call it a profession.

Dangerous profession.

I'm sitting with you guys, you have a very nice safe life.

Me? So, no, if you said 5 percent --

No, but think about that. Yeah, but think of it, 5 percent.

That's a lot.

That's a lot I think. Yeah.

And --

Attempts.

Attempts is getting into a really --

So, people don't think of that. You know, you run and you see and then you win, and you're down Pennsylvania. You're looking at everything. So, you got to -- you're in a dangerous --

And so it's one of those things. I was saying before, though, that you know I do a thing called the weave. And there are those that are fair that say this guy is so genius. And then, others would say, "Oh, he rambled." I don't ramble.

If I start a story, what you do is you weave things in -- you do it. You have to have certain things you need -- you need an extraordinary memory because you have to come back to where you started.

You always -- a weave is only good if you come back.

I can go so far here or there, and I can come back to exactly where I started. Now, someday when you don't come back to where you started --

And you say -- no, but the weave is the way. When you're telling like a story, I was telling a story at a rally the other day in front of thousands of people, and I started off --

And then, something in the story, I actually mentioned Air Force One. It was Air Force One mistake. So, I mentioned Air Force One. And then, I said how I got $1.6 billion off the price of Air Force One. So, but then you have to come back to the story, where was Air Force One taken?

So, anyway, I do a weave, I call it the weave. And some people think it's so genius. But the bad people, what they say is, "You know, he was rambling."

There's no rambling.

This is a weave. I call it the weave. Good name. I'm not sure. That's another name. We had fake news.

We came up with lots of names.

But the weave is -- I think we should make the weave a part of that stable.

Yeah, you're really weaving without answering my question twice.

Yeah.

We'll weave back.

Let's weave back to his question. This is where -- this is where it started. We'll weave back to his question, So, I sort of hate answering it because --

I don't want to give any false identities. I don't want to do anything having to do with creating something that isn't there. You would look at Iran. Iran has an open threat out for me.

And that's bad. And Biden, if he were a real president, if he were the kind of guy he should be --

Should say, "If anybody shoots a former president, who's now the leading candidate, even though he's leading against Democrats, we will bomb that country into oblivion." And it would stop. And that's been said before with some people. You know, there have been people. I won't go into it. But there have been people that have been threatened in another party even.

In the same party, it makes sense and probably happens pretty quickly.

But in another party, you know, it's hard for them to --

To want to protect me.

But it shouldn't be hard. Other people have protected other people. And what you have to inform those people is if they do it, the country will be blown to smithereens. The entire country will be blown to smithereens. And those threats go away because that's a really bad threat for a country.

Forget about me, I'm an individual. But I represent something very important.

That's a really terrible threat.

So, I mean, there are others that could be in that category. Look, I took in hundreds of billions of dollars from China at a level that no president -- no president took in anything. I had tariffs on China, took in hundreds of billions of dollars. They're still there that, without me, they wouldn't have those tariffs.

So, you could say. But, no, I think Iran would be the one.

I was tough with other countries, but I got along very well with them. But, you know, we were like -- we were like a pussycat. We were ripped off by every nation in the world. And some of the worst rippers were our so-called allies, people that -- countries that we supposedly get along with us with -- but they're the ones that took advantage of us on trade at a level like -- you know, I mean, I ended some of the dumbest trade deals I've ever seen and made them much better for the country.

I mean, what difference does it make? I made -- I made -- I took a terrible trade deal, we'd make it a good trade deal. But like Japan, I redid the trade deal. South Korea, I did the trade deal. The deals, I went to Abe of Japan, I said -- Shinzo, he was assassinated.

As you probably know, he was incredible. Great man. He was a great leader for the people. They loved him. I said, "Shinzo, look. We can't do this. The trade deal is so bad. We're friends, but I have to renegotiate the trade deal." And he said to me, "I knew that would happen." I said, "Why did you know?" "Because you're right, it's so one-sided."

it's like he said, "I knew you'd catch us." But they went through many presidents where Japan was -- as an example, they'll send us millions of cars. We're not allowed to send them any. They send us their farm product, we were sending them practically nothing. It was like a one-way -- everything was one way.

And by the way, virtually every -- China was the worst, but there were many countries almost as bad. The European Union was almost as bad, in my opinion. It sounds nice. "Oh, the European Union is so nice." They were ruthless in their trading. And I said to Angela Merkel, "How many Chevrolets do we have in the middle of Berlin?" "Why? I don't believe any."

I said, "You're right." And yet we take in the, you know, all of that. We take in Mercedes-Benz, Mercedes, BMW, and we take in all of this --

We're taking in all of these millions and millions of cars. I say, "How many American cars are in the middle of Munich or Berlin?" And the answer is none. And I had things changed around. So, you know, you could say -- I think that the answer would be, at this moment, Iran. And I think they could catch him.

And if we had a real president, which we don't -- we don't have a real president. We have a man that is grossly inept. And it's very dangerous because these guys are all at the top of their game. When you talk about President Xi and you talk about any one of the leaders in the world. Macron, he's a smart guy. He's all for France. I mean, he would --

He would take the shirt off your back if you didn't know what you were doing.

Yeah.

Yeah. Not all of them, but some of them aren't sharks in terms --

Well, I can tell you like --

Modi, India.

He's a friend of mine. He's great. He's the nicest --

Oh, good. Well, I'll tell you -- do you like him or not?

Do you like him?

I'll just tell you. Well, they had -- you know, before him, they had -- they were replacing them every year. It was very unstable. He came along.

He's -- he's great. He's a friend of mine. But on the outside, he looks like he's your father. He's the nicest total killer because I asked him --

We're talking -- I did -- they did a thing called Howdy Modi in Houston, Texas.

And they filled up the stadium. It was me and him.

We -- we filled up the stadium. It was beautiful. Like 80,000 people was going crazy. And we're walking around. Today, maybe I wouldn't be as -- maybe you wouldn't do that.

But we're walking -- walking in the middle waving to everybody. Anyway, but we have a very good relationship. He's the nicest human being. But we had a couple of occasions where somebody was threatening India.

I said, "Let me help. I'm very good with those people. Let me help." "I will do it. I will do it, then I will do anything necessary. We've defeated them for hundreds of years."

He was talking about a certain country. Yeah, you can probably guess the country.

You know the country.

But I said, "Whoa, what happened there? What happened?" So, no, they're all tough and they're all smart. And some are very good people. He's a good person.

There's some good people and some aren't good people.

But they're all at the top of their game

And we have her who is now more important than him, I guess. Although he's still a president of this country --

And we're talking about nuclear war.

And he's not capable. He doesn't even know what it is.

He said yesterday when they talked about should they hit Iran's nuclear. "No, no, you shouldn't do that." I said, "It's just the opposite." Because the nuclear is the biggest threat we have in the world today. It's not global warming where the oceans are rising one-eighth of an inch in the next 500 years.

The threat that we have, the biggest threat is nuclear war.

I am because -- because it only takes one

They have five countries now that have capability. And soon, they'll have more. And we shouldn't let there be more. And I was at a point very good, despite the Russia, Russia, Russia hoax, it was a total hoax. And we were totally exonerated and everything else could have told them that the first day.

But -- but that poses, you know, a lot of problems

A lot of problems. And they're a big nuclear power. We were close to a deal for getting rid of nuclear weapons. It would be so good.

We were talking about Russia, ourselves, and China.

And we would then bring everyone else into it strongly.

Denuclearize, yes. We were going to get rid of --

Nuclear. Because it's too powerful.

It's too much.

You know, my uncle, Dr. John Trump was the --

Yeah. Dr. John Trump. Well, he was a nuclear doctor, actually.

He was -- he was at MIT. He's the longest-serving professor at MIT. He passed away. Great guy. He was a brilliant guy, a brilliant scientist. And he used to tell me, he said -- a long time ago, he'd say, "Donald, someday, it's very dangerous. Somebody will be able to carry a small briefcase into a building in New York and blow up the entire city."

I said, "You got to be kidding me, Uncle John. That will never happen." He was like a really brilliant guy. He was there for, I think, 41 years. He's the longest serving professor in the history of MIT.

So, when I understand physics and when I understand things well, they say how come you -- I have, there's good genetics. You know, I'm a believer. Are you guys believers in that? Were your parents funny?

Were they comedians?

Oh.

You know, my mom --

And she was great.

Yeah. Well, I tell you what, England at the time they --

Fought them for a thousand years trying to get them under tow, they couldn't do it.

They're very tough.

That reminds me of my mother, come to think of it. My mother was -- my mother was great. She was a Stornoway.

The Hebrides. Right? That's -- you know, that's really serious Scottish.

But she was great. But it is true, when you see "Braveheart," that was one of many times. You know for hundreds --

No, I didn't. I didn't get to. I'll tell you, I saw "Braveheart." I think Mel Gibson is a very good guy. I've met him --

A number of times. Good guy. But I'll tell you, that was super Mel Gibson in his prime.

So -- and I was on a plane and there was absolutely nothing to do. It was one of these planes that you couldn't make calls you couldn't do and they had tapes.

And they showed me like -- they showed -- no, but they showed me -- they showed me, "Sir, we have 20 tapes." And I looked at the tapes, and they were all there. And this was like 20 years after it was made. This was probably six years ago. I never saw "Braveheart."

And they showed me a tape. And I said, "All right, let's put that one on." And within about four minutes, I said, "This may be the greatest movie I've ever seen."

Now, I'm a "Braveheart" fan, but you -- you've seen it.

I mean, how good -- oh, I wish I saw it with my mother.

But it was great --

No, no, no.

You don't think of that in those moments. You do what you do.

No, but he's -- he's good. But he was -- when he -- in prime time, he was unbelievable.

I mean, at that -- you know his look, his way, his -- you couldn't have had a better guy playing it.

But it was -- that was a great movie. So --

But it is true. England and, you know --

At the time, they -- for a thousand years.

I mean, they'd have -- and they'd have the battles with thousands or once a thousand --

And they run at each other. Tell me that. You think --

You think that takes guts?

They run at each other.

Knowing they're going to pretty much die, right?

Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

Yeah, they were afraid of the Scottish.

The Scottish people, they're tough people, they're good people. Actually, they're very great people, but they're good fighters.

She was funny, yes.

She was --

She had a great sense of humor. And my father loved my mother. You know, they were married for

Yeah, my father was a German --

Serious but good. He was a tough guy, but he had a good heart. When he walked down the street, and they'd say we could walk down the street, he would always give something to -- if there was somebody that had problems. They used to have the can and a pencil --you know the can. My father would always put $100 in that thing.

He'd always do it. He had a tremendous heart, but he was a tough guy. He was tough. He was -- he was just like no nonsense. It was firm. My mother was a woman -- and I don't know how your mother felt, but she loved the queen. Don't forget the queen was, you know, the queen was great. Oh, would she have liked -- because the queen honored me before she died.

She honored me as the president in Buckingham Palace. And there's nobody that does it like the English. There's nobody that has that, you know, the pomp and ceremony. But -- but my mother would have loved that. Your mother, so did she feel strongly about like the royalty or --

Your mother -- your mother would love that.

My mother was.

My mother thought the queen was great.

She thought the queen was so wonderful --

No, I know.

I know, I know, I know but -- but a lot of the -- it's a hard breakup.

You know, they tried to break up Scotland from --

From the rest of the Empire, so to speak.

And it made it by about like a half a point.

They kept it together. So, I hope it stays together.

I hope it always stays together. But England, as they say, because it used to be England --

But England never could -- they just -- and they were bigger.

And they had more people.

They could never finish it off by capturing Scotland.

So it's really sort of --

They -- they married.

They -- they became sort of subsidiaries, right?

But it was great. That's interesting with your mother.

Yeah, I've heard it.

Yeah, but in my business in what I do, if you don't have humor, you won't even survive.

You're not going to have a problem with Russia. You're not -- Russia would have never attacked Ukraine if I were president. I used to talk to Putin about it. I got along great with him. They would have never ever done it. I ended his pipeline. You know, I ended the pipeline called Nord Stream 2. Nobody ever heard of Nord Stream 2.

I said -- I said, "Are you building a pipeline going to Europe?" "Yeah." I said, "I don't think so." And I told -- I -- you know, I got them together. I said, "You mean, we're defending you from Russia and you're paying them billions of dollars a month for oil? It's not going to work that way." And I ended it.

And then, when Biden came in, he gave it back, the biggest project they ever had, right? He gave it back. And then, everyone said, "Trump is friends with Putin." And so, Putin would say, "If you're my friend, I'd hate like hell to see you as my enemy." Think of it. Then, I put a lot of sanctions on -- but I got along with Russia.

I got along with pretty much everybody. Actually, the tougher they were, the better I did with them. That's a good thing, not a bad thing. Because the other ones are easy to handle. But the ones that I got along with. And they're also the bigger threats. I got along very well with President Xi of China. But when COVID came, I was not happy with him --

Because it came out of the labs. I mean they released it from -- accidentally, I believe. You know, a lot of people would say it wasn't an accident. But they got hit very hard. They got hit as hard as anybody in the world. It was late, it was belated. It was a late hit.

But when COVID came, I had -- you know, I made an unbelievable trade deal with China. They have to buy $50 billion of our product every year. It was unbelievable. Nobody could believe I got that deal done. I don't even talk about it because of COVID. I don't even talk about it. That deal is unbelievable.

And what's happened now, our farmers have been hit because Biden hasn't pressed them to honor the deal.

You know, I used to -- every day I'd get up, "How much of China buy today?" "Sir, they bought --" I'd call them up, I'd say, "You're behind. You have to buy 50 billion." Do you think Biden does that? Biden's sleeping.

But I -- the last week, I have -- when we talk about funny or sad, I think it's more sad than funny.

He has one ability I don't have.

He sleeps. He can sleep. This guy goes on a beach, and he lays down on one of those, you know, six ounce -- they weigh six ounces, and he can't lift it. They're meant -- they're meant -- they're meant for -- they're meant for children.

Young people.

And old people to lift.

They're aluminum. You know, hollow aluminum.

They weigh very little, and he can't lift. And somebody convinced him he looks good in a bathing suit. And when you're 82, typically, bathing suits aren't going to make you look great.

You're not going to be enhanced. All right? It's just one of those things. I can't be sure about that. But, yeah, typically, you know --

I don't know what the hell he's packing, but I don't want to -- and I don't want to know either. I don't know. But -- but he has an ability to fall asleep while on camera. He can lie down on one of those things --

And in minutes, he's stone cold out.

And he's got cameras because he's the president so they have cameras on him.

And then, they show him sleeping on the beach.

You'll never see me sleeping in front of the camera.

As a country?

We got to save our country. Look, we are -- we are -- we are a nation in decline, whether you like it or not.

I know, I hate it.

Well, what you'll like, though, is -- but we're going to be greater than ever before.

Yeah.

Well, that's my ultimate message.

But you can't avoid the fact that we've allowed 21 million people into our country in the last three and a half years. And I don't know your persuasion, I don't know if you guys are liberal or what, but nobody can be happy with 21 million people openly walking into a place we don't know. And it was released last week --

That 13,000 of those people are murderers, 13,099. Thirteen thousand of those people are in prison. They're incarcerated for murder, and they let them out.

Tremendous support.

I think -- I'll let you know -- I'll let you know on November 6th if I have support, the day after the election.

November 5th, the most important day.

Yeah.

There are some people that want open, and they're either --

Yeah.

Or they hate our country.

I think only a person that hates our country, actually, maybe it's a down deep hatred, can want open borders. So, we took in 20 -- more than 21 million people in the last three and a half years. And we have no idea where they even come from. They're terrorists, they're drug dealers, you know, in Venezuela -- and it's not just South America.

But take Venezuela. They've taken their criminals off the streets of Caracas, which was a very dangerous city. You couldn't walk across the street in Caracas and get a loaf of bread. Right now, it's a -- it's a safe city. Their crime is down 72 percent. They've taken all of their criminals, almost all of them, and they brought them into the United States and dumped them.

That's not ending well. You know where some of them went? To Aurora, in Colorado, and they took over the town. They took it over.

Oh, pretty much, yeah. You know how they took it over? With guns. They went into the real estate business. Like me, I had to go to a bank and borrow.

They went in with --

MK-47. So, they went in with -- they went in with --

Weapons like nobody's ever seen before.

They went in with military-style weapons, they've taken it over.

Yeah.

Yeah.

Yeah, that's true.

You have to start with the criminals.

OK, look, I have --

It's very tough.

I agree.

And you know what's going to happen? You're going to be in the midst of this. Now, you know Dwight Eisenhower was sort of a moderate, General Eisenhower. Did you know that they had 8 percent generals, president of the United States. Eight percent were generals, 92 percent were politicians, and then you had Trump.

See, that's a weave. You know, we go off in just

No, no, think of it because we're talking about generals, and then you get back onto the general.

Because what I was going to say is that Eisenhower is a moderate.

No, it's good, though. Isn't it great?

We're going to -- we mentioned Eisenhower, and then I say he was a general. Eight percent generals, 92 percent. And now, you go back. OK? It's part of the weave.

Then, you go back.

You got to keep it all together. You got to be sharp. If you're not sharp, you're dead. Think of it, think of it. No, but think of it. So, we have 92 percent and 8 percent. Nobody -- no admirals.

And no business people until me.

So, now, we have me. I'm one. Yeah, so I'm --

No, I think it will change.

There'll never be another business person that ever does this.

Because I've been treated so badly that I think that no person of success -- don't forget my whole life was deals, deals, deals, deals, deals, deals.

Most guys are stiffs.

Like they'll run for office.

There's no deal. There's no -- nothing.

You can't get yourself in trouble much.

You can be a crooked politician --

Which some are.

But basically, I do so many deals. I do hundreds of thousands of pages of documents a year.

You know, as I'm -- when I'm really in the mood, right?

And if they find one page, I got myself a problem politically.

OK? Look at it. They went after me for years on taxes.

Years.

They went to the United States Supreme Court. I gave them tens of thousands of pages, and you never heard about it again.

Well, that's the problem.

Oh, they don't even write about it. I called the New York Times on something, I was right. And the --

Are you going to do -- yeah, the Russian hoax.

Well, I'm suing Pulitzer. You don't know this. They got a Pulitzer Prize for their -- New York --

Washington Post.

Yeah, for the hoax. They got the Pulitzer Prize, so the writers got Pulitzer Prizes for their brilliant coverage of the Russia, Russia, Russia hoax.

But it turned out to be right. So --

We wrote a letter to the Pulitzer Prize, right?

You know, the committee, it's a big foundation.

And we said -- it's a lawsuit that's going on right now.

And we said, "We demand that you take back the Pulitzer Prizes. We demand an apology."

Because you're actually -- by leaving them, you're -- you know, you're sort of saying it happened, and it didn't happen. Everybody now is giving them --

Yeah. So, I sued them. They said, "Well, we did what we did, we're not --"

OK. That's OK. That's all right. So, I sued them. And they've got themselves a big problem now.

And this suit is moving along. And I think we're going to win that suit easily.

Because they gave people Pulitzer Prizes that were wrong.

You know who should get the Pulitzer Prizes equivalent, if you could? Guys like Sean Hannity --

Guys like, you know, that -- there were numerous of them that -- I mean not as many as the fake news as the very liberal media. But we had tremendous, John Solomon, he's a great writer. So many people knew that that was a hoax. They should get prizes. I don't know. Pulitzer Prize, you don't give Pulitzer Prizes to a guy on television.

You can't get, in theory, a Pulitzer Prize.

But you had a lot of people that got that right. They got nothing. So, we sued Pulitzer on the basis that they should absolutely take that prize back. And I said, "By not taking it back, you're trying to say that it actually happened," you know, in a way.

I'm saying you're defaming me because by you not taking those prizes back --

You're actually saying it happened.

How are we doing so far? Good?

I bet it's my -- I bet it's my people. You know, I do have other things, but --

How interesting is this, though?

He's an influencer.

You know, I asked him. I said, "Alexx, let me ask you a question."

And I didn't -- I wasn't thinking of myself.

I said, "Who is giving --" give them a little more time, what the hell? Can I override Alexx? I don't know.

Unlike Biden, he can't. I can't -- I can't do it. I can say, Alex, I'm doing it. He said, "Thank you, sir." No, Biden can't. They turned the cameras off with this guy. Did you ever see it? The cameras are off, the lights go off everywhere.

He just -- you'll see he's in deep -- he's in deep trouble. We're in no trouble.

But I'll tell you what I asked, Alexx. He's an influencer. You know, he's a very --

He's a big name influencer. I don't know if he's in this league. I don't know who the hell knows, but I said to him, knowing nothing about influencers, I said, "Who is the biggest of all the influencers?" "Sir, that's the easiest question you've ever asked me." "Who is it?" "You, sir."

I never thought of it. He said, "You're the biggest. You have hundreds of millions of people, you have more people than anybody else by far." You know, before they took away -- I went from having 280 million on Facebook and Twitter and Instagram, the three of them combined, 280. I think I was -- I think I was No.

1 because Zuckerberg told me that. He came to the White House. He said, "Congratulations. You're No. 1 on Facebook." You know, so I went from that to having nobody. I went -- that was like cold turkey, right? You'd call that cold turkey --

Like that would be like if we didn't do business with China, one day, I said, "No more business with China," you go cold turkey, right?

And I went -- and I said, "Boy, but I had a lot to say." This was after the presidency, of course. You know they do it after the presidency --

During the presidency, they're a little bit --

But anyway, but they -- I went totally -- totally off. I had nobody. And I had all these ideas. And I couldn't get the word out. And I had some good thoughts. And people wanted to hear my thoughts. And I did a thing called Save America, just to -- and essentially, it was like the old-fashioned -- you guys are far too young.

In the old days, what we did, we didn't have tweeting and we didn't have Truth. Truth is doing great, by the way. Would you please use Truth? I love Truth. Use Truth, everybody. It's my voice. But I also use X. I also use X. But I went from -- I went from having all these people, and I did an old-fashioned press release.

It's called -- we used to go to press release.

And somebody would write up something --

I started doing it, Save America. And they get -- they got longer and better and longer, and I started doing it.

And, man, I had millions of people. Now, nobody else could do that because, you know, if somebody puts out a press release --

It just doesn't work out too well. But I did it. And it did well. And then, I did Truth. And -- and I'm very good friends with Elon. And we owe Elon a lot for what he's done with X.

And I use X, too. I use X, too. But my voice is on Truth, and it's done really well. I mean, if I want to get something out, I put it on Truth, and everybody picks it up, you know.

It's picked up all over the place. It's picked up --

I mean, I could be on anything I want. But I put it out on Truth, and it just gets picked up all over the place.

So, it's been very good. But he said I was the No. 1 influencer. See, the weave.

Do you think I'm the No. 1 influencer?

So, who else?

Do they want to look like --

Do they want to look like her?

Yeah.

TikTok Jack.

TikTok -- tell me. You know, this is a little new world. I call him -- his name is Jack. I call him TikTok Jack. I'm good with names, you know.

Pocahontas.

We have names.

With tampon Tim, it's hard to say.

In other words --

It's a lot.

And you can't stutter it through when you call it.

It's really a lousy word to say.

But it's quite accurate, right?

There are some like comrade Kamala.

It's a little hard to say.

She's comrade because she's obviously a communist.

Yeah, she's horrible.

So, I call her comrade.

And it's not bad, but when you put the names together --

It's a little -- you got to be able to -- you know, you got to be able to put it out there. But we have a lot of good ones. A lot of them I can't go into with you because some of my best ones.

Some of my best ones are from the Republican primaries.

They're all friends of mine now.

So, I've taken --

Well, it's a shame because he and I had a very good relationship.

He couldn't cross the line of doing what was right, in my opinion.

Some people would disagree with that. But he had the right to go and put him before the legislatures and have them reassess because they found out a lot of bad things. And he had a lawyer that said he didn't have that right, but he did have that right. And you know why we found out that that was true? Because they changed the law after the election so that he couldn't do what I said he could do.

OK? They changed the law so that a vice president could no longer do what I said he could do. So, in other words, I turned out to be right. But it's a shame. We had a very good relationship for 99.9 percent of the thing.

And, you know, I think he's a good man. I think he's a good man.

Unfortunately, I wish he would have had the stamina, maybe courage, or maybe both.

To go further because we have to have honest elections in our country. And if we're afraid to challenge an election, we're in big trouble. You know, they say if you -- they've challenged elections, the Democrats. Look at Maxine Waters, how dare them, you know --

They've challenged -- Stacey Abrams.

Almost all of the Democrats challenged.

But when we challenge, they say, "He's a threat to democracy."

These are con artists, and they're very bad for our country.

So, I'm going to weed them out. We're going to weed them out. I'll do it in honor of you.

Yeah.

Yeah.

He's got the whole ball game.

You know, it's up to the states now. It's up to the states.

Because I have -- and I believe in exceptions and all of the different things.

I think -- I think a lot of people agree with me.

You know, I was very, very strong, very, very tough. And Republicans were going to lose a lot of elections having to do with a lot of other things, too, because there are many issues. We have the border --

We have this, we have wars, we have everything.

And Roe v. Wade was always about getting it back to the states.

And then, people started talking about the number of weeks and all these -- but nobody wanted -- no legal scholar, no Democrat, no Republican, liberal conservative, nobody wanted it in the federal government. It shouldn't be in the federal government. And the legal scholars, it was abhorrent. They didn't want it, and they didn't want it in the federal government.

And it was in the federal government.

What we did is -- right, what we did is we moved it back to the states and the vote of the people. And now, they're voting. Ohio voted a very liberal -- you know, Ohio, I won Ohio by a lot. But they -- they voted, and it's up to them.

OK. I do believe in exceptions, life of the mother and incest.

If your daughter is raped by somebody --

Let's say he's from a prison someplace --

And he's killed people and everything else.

Absolutely, you have to be able to do.

There are some people -- and I think that group is smaller and smaller when they realize what's going on, but there are some people that, under no circumstances, can you do it.

I don't happen to agree. Ronald Reagan didn't agree. But what has happened is it's now back in the states where it belongs. And the states are moving along, and they're approving things. So, some -- some conservative and some liberal.

Good.

I was totally --

Right from the beginning.

I actually said, "We want babies in our country."

These are crooked politicians. These are politicians -- now, I'll give you an example. I came out -- when it first came up and it started in Alabama where a judge ruled that you couldn't do IVF and all clinics, all over Alabama was going to shut down, we're going to be shut down. And I wasn't an expert on IVF, but I have common sense. You know, we're the party of common sense.

And some women called me and actually Katie Britt called me, the senator from Alabama, who's really a young good politician, smart, great husband who was a football player, great family. She called me up. She said, "Sir, women have come to me and almost attacked me, and they're my best friends, that the judge shut down IVF. He was a very, you know, conservative judge and he shut down IVF."

And I said, "Let's explain it. Tell me." And she told me. I said, "No, it's a great thing. It's helping women have babies." And she didn't know her friends were all going through IVF. She didn't know it.

But they don't talk about it, you know, let's say somebody, I mean --

I understand. Nobody -- I never had big discussions. I know this. If you're a woman and you're going through -- you're not going to be telling Katie Britt --

And you're not going to be telling your friends, "Hey, I'm going through IVF."

Some will and some won't.

But she didn't know anything about her friends. And they were good friends of hers. She said, "They're literally attacking me."

I said, "Well, what is it --" after about five minutes, I'm a quick study, I said that's a great thing.

And I came out -- within 45 minutes of the decision, I came out strongly in favor on behalf of the Republican Party. And I have calls from senators saying, "Thank you, sir. You saved my political career."

Because they might have come out --

But here's what does happen, which is really -- we get calls that -- just the other day that this total lying politician that's running -- that ruined San Francisco, she destroyed San Francisco with her very liberal policies, and she destroyed the state of --

No, it's her. But Gavin Newsom, I call him Gavin New-scum. Gavin --

No, he's a terrible -- he's a terrible.

No. He -- Gavin Newsom, he doesn't like that name. But he is --

Gavin -- he probably does, yeah.

I don't know, he is?

I don't know.

Well, don't -- don't take your hat off. You never know. Sometimes, the guy will take his hat off, he has good hair. I say, "Boy, you were right." And usually, it's bald. No, 95 percent of the time. There's always a reason -- you know, usually a reason. And that's OK, too. But -- but -- but what I do, I get a call, and they say that she, Kamala, said that I'm against IVF, OK, that I'm against it. They know it's untrue. But all of the lies --

So many different things. The bloodbath, that was about the auto industry. But the word is a tough word. China is going to take all our auto business if we go all electric and all this stuff.

And the head of the union, I said, is a fool. He sold the union down. I'm doing great with the -- you notice the Teamsters like me, and they all like me. The workers like me.

Because I'm going to --

Yeah, see the -- even -- even union -- unions that have never been with a Republican before are endorsing me.

I mean, it's incredible. The Teamsters voted 61 percent in favor of Trump. Think of that.

The -- I'll tell you the FBI would be in -- almost everybody. I think almost everybody would be in favor.

But they lie, and they say -- and they know it's a lie. Charlottesville, the Charlottesville statement was perfect. If they take the next sentence that I gave -- I made a statement on it. It was a perfect statement. And if you take -- but they never take the next sentence, they cut it off.

Even the other one, patriot -- peacefully and patriotically in my speech.

I talked about peacefully and patriotically. They never showed that. They never talk about it. To show you how dishonest they are, the J6 committee -- I call it the unselect, you know, they call it the Select Committee, I call it the Unselect Committee of political hacks and thugs. They never talk about my speech --

Because it was a good speech. It was a -- you know, patriotic speech.

No, I never get numb.

It bothers me. I'll tell you what bothers me. Kamala, the other day, said, "He is against IVF." And everybody knows that that's false.

When I came out, people were a little surprised actually because, you know, in theory, but I came out strongly in favor of IVF. She is an add-on that I'm against IVF. She knows it's untrue. She has an add-on that bloodbath. Bloodbath means like blood, and that's not what I was talking about. The automobile industry.

It's going to be a bloodbath in the automobile. We're going to lose all our business.

That's what I was referring to. When they do things -- and they do a lot. But I always refer them back to the simplicity of McDonald's. She lied about McDonald's, she lied about many things, and she's a liar. There should be some kind of a rule when they know it's a lie, you can't do a commercial on it.

But this is a thing that's going to end in 29 days so they can say what they want -- I have a hard time doing it to them because I'm -- you know, I'm basically a truthful person, but -- and frankly --

No, but practically --

No, but frankly -- no, but frankly, she's given me so much ammunition. I don't really have to. I mean she's a radical left lunatic who will destroy our nation other than that.

But she will destroy our nation. So, when you take a look at it, and I think that -- you know just getting back to your original thought on the abortion, having it back in the states, the people are now voting on it. And we're going to put an end to a 52-year ordeal. This has been going on for 52 years.

It's back with the states, and it's a vote of the people.

And that's where everybody wanted it to be. And I think that issue is largely quelled because of that.

I would. Oh, no, I won't back it. I won't back it.

I think you --

No, no, I won't back it. No, some states say, no --

But they're all changing because the people in the state won't stand for that. There are some states that say, under no circumstances, you have a daughter, and she's raped by the worst, most violent criminal in the country, and you cannot get, you know, her --

She -- you cannot take her and --

She's got to live with this.

And you know the father is a monster. He's from an insane asylum because he killed 50 people.

And you're going to have that baby. Yeah, and I can't believe --

No, no, I can't believe that people are forced to do that.

And you have a tiny -- you know, right now, it was -- it used to be a much bigger segment.

No, I think I've done a good job in a lot of ways because I've convinced people that you just can't do that.

It's always been complex. It's always been tough. But we've come a long way with that issue. But just in a nutshell, bringing it back to the states and giving a vote of the people is where they wanted it 30 years ago, 20 years ago, 10 years ago. And then, they got a little complex. They talked about the length and the, you know, the number of weeks.

To me, to Ronald Reagan a long time ago was with the same three protections.

He said he wanted, you know, for rape, incest, and the life of the mother. And that was a long time ago

So --

Two very different questions actually, I think, but --

I took over a country that was very troubled. This country was broken up and a tremendous dissension, and Barack Obama started it. And if you take a look, it was very, very badly broken. And I think now, with -- with Biden, you know, let's forget her for a second, but with Biden and her, part of it, big part of it -- but with Biden, there's tremendous dissension.

The country is a broken-up mess, and it's broken in a lot of ways. But what I would like my legacy to be is the same as the term MAGA, Make America Great Again. I'm going to make this country great again. It's not a great country right now. It's loaded up.

See --

OK, but I say it has the potential, and it was a great country. I think now, there's so much hatred and there's so much dissension. I think when you have people that can't walk down Fifth Avenue, when you have people that can't walk down the street, it ceases to be --

Yeah, but you can't blindfold yourself to say -- yeah.

Yeah.

So, I understand what you're saying. When -- when I was president, we had no wars in the whole world because of me. I stopped a lot of wars from happening.

Right now, people are dying in Ukraine --

Because we had an incompetent president. If we had a president that knew what the hell he was doing, Ukraine would have never happened. Israel would have never happened.

All those people that are dying on both sides --

That would have never happened. Afghanistan, people falling off airplanes from -- think of that --

From 3,500 feet above the ground, three times the height of the Empire State Building off the side of the airplane.

All of this horrible stuff would have never happened. Inflation would have never happened because that was caused by energy --

And the stupid energy bill. So, look, we love our country.

And it's had moments of greatness. But it's -- I think it's -- I think it's a very -- it's a -- it's a declining -- it's so sad what's happened. We're a nation in decline, and we can't let it be declined. I'll give you an example. We're going to lose our monetary base very soon because, you know, countries are going off the dollar.

I'm going to get them back on the dollar. I'm going to say, "You got to go back on -- you're not going to do any business with --" you know, you got to do it. But I do think this, where I really agree with you, we have tremendous potential.

And I say it, make America great again.

And I just want to -- I would like to have it. I used to have something -- I was going to use it and I didn't use it because the country started to do badly, KAG. Not MAGA, KAG. I never liked the word KAG, but it was Keep America Great, you like that better.

But see I couldn't use it because we had so many problems. So once --

It doesn't work as well. Look, there's never going to be another MAGA. I don't know. I came up with a phrase that just turned out to be MAGA.

No, it's the greatest movement -- political movement in the history of our country.

And these are people that really love our country, and they want it to be great. And we're going to make it great again.

That was what I would like to do is make this country so great, better than what you're even thinking. And you are --

I mean, I love your attitude --

Because I think that's the way you should be.

You're right.

So, what I said -- yeah, Christians tend to vote at a very low percentage for some reason. And so do gun owners, would you believe that? The NRA gun owners tend not to vote?

Maybe it's a rebellious thing. I don't know.

I said, "Look, our country is in big trouble, really big trouble with the border with all the problems. We can solve the problem. But vote this one time, after that, we're not going to need it."

This is the most important election in the history of our country vote for this most important election. And then, if you don't want to vote, we're going to have elections. But you don't have to vote because it's going to go along swimmingly.

That's how they interpreted it to.

It's you've got to vote this time because we don't have -- we can't wait four years. Because you know what, in another four years, like we've just had with this clown that's a president, that's just a clown, a foolish man. Don't forget, he was a stupid man 25 years ago. He was never a smart man. He's run many times.

He was -- isn't it amazing? He's run many times, and he gets it when he's in serious decline, OK?

But anyway, so everybody knows that, and that's what I meant by it.

It means we got to fix it.

And then, it's going to work beautifully.

It's going to run beautifully. We're going to have elections every two years and every four years it's going to be great.

And what was your second question?

Yeah.

Yeah.

I will, and I'm going to think of you every time I --

No, no, it's true. I mean, I understand that. Sometimes, they say, "Oh, could you be a little bit more --" But you're doing a lot of things --

And you're solving a lot of problems.

I stopped wars that nobody will ever know about, they won't write about countries that were fighting each other and didn't affect us much, but they did business with us. I called up two countries that have fought themselves, fought for thousands of years --

Killing each other for years. And I said, "You guys are at it again." I heard it was going to start up. I stopped it when I first came in. And I said, "Listen, here's the story. If you go to war with each other --" I could give you the details, but I don't even want to bother because it's nice now. I said, "You're not going to do any more business with the United States. I'm going to cut you off 100 percent. And if you do get through, I'm going to charge you 200 percent tariffs. You won't be able to survive. So, work it out, work it out. You know, it was a country that split, and they've been fighting for years."

The two halves were, I think, like thousands -- I get a call -- and I forget about it, but I had a rough call with them. And I said, "I'm going to charge you tariffs, and I'm going to -- you're not going to do -- you're going to be cut off. No more business." And if they don't have the United States, it's a problem.

And we have to keep it that way. We have to keep our country strong so we can do this.

I mean, if our country was weak, we don't have that.

You know, if we keep getting weaker and weaker, which is happening, we're not going to let that happen. So, I get a call two weeks later -- two days later. "Sir, we've worked it all out." "Thank you very much." And I go about my business. I save thousands of lives, hundreds of thousands of lives.

They've been killing each other for years, for centuries, and I saved thousands of lives. And nobody writes about it. Many people don't even know that's the reason, you know, things are good. And I had it out with him. I said, "You guys are crazy. You do that, no more doing business with the United States. You cut off 100 percent, you're dead. You're not going to do 10 cents worth of business."

And I even said the tariff thing. But the first was actually even more powerful. And that's it. I forget about it. I go about doing my business. Two days later, they said, "Congratulations." "What -- on what?" "So and so and so and so is not going to have a war. They made peace." I've done so many things like that, and none of them --

Most of them aren't really known. You know, I've made -- I've made countries do things for us because they were treating us unfairly. And I've gotten things for our country that nobody else -- I really think nobody else could have done. But I enjoy doing it for our country. And, you know, just to get back to where you originally started, I want to make America great again.

I want to make it so great that people won't question it, so that people can say what you just said --

That, "No, no, it's great." I don't want to have a question why should I or anybody else say no, it's not great anymore.

I don't want to be in that position. I think -- I want to make it so that when you ask a question like that, we can just say, "Well, it's a great, great country." We love our country, but we can do a couple of little things.

I'll put that in our -- we want to put that --

Yeah, I do.

The Abraham Accords, and they did nothing. Yeah, again, Iran was willing to do a deal. I would have had a deal with Iran. And within seven days after the election, I actually said, "Let's delay it until after the election because I was sure we were going to win the election." But things happened. You know, COVID happened.

Look, it was a mess.

Exactly.

Yeah.

You know, there are great philosophers that said the world will end in the Middle East. We're not going to let that happen. You've heard that expression.

They said the world will end someday in the Middle East. We're not going to let that happen. OK?

Thank you.

Thank you very much.