Well, it is very important. It's Michigan. It's a great place. I have many friends there, and I also have a lot of autoworkers that I'm taking care of because the government that we have, Joe Biden, Crooked Joe Biden, the worst president in history, has destroyed the auto business. Within three years, you're not going to have an auto business.

You won't even have a union because the jobs are all moving to Mexico. China is building massive auto plants in Mexico, and Biden has done nothing about it because he gets paid off by China. How can he do anything? He's -- he's like a Manchurian candidate. And also building them in China and other countries.

So, you're not going to have an auto industry at all. Now, you have the head of the United Auto Workers who's a fool. He's agreed to this EV mandate, which means all cars have to be built in China because we don't have the material for them and they're very expensive and they're going to cost too much.

But they're going to all be built in China. They don't go far, people aren't wanting them. It's a very sad situation that's happening in Michigan. And, you know, I stopped it. I said there was nobody going. They were not leaving Michigan. Now, you have massive plants being built right now. As we speak, the biggest plants in the world are being built in Mexico near our border.

And they think they're going to make cars, and they're going to sell them into the United States. They'll have a tariff so large that it won't work if I'm president.

Well, first of all, let me just tell you, the stock market is high. Many analysts have said that because they think I'm going to win. I'm leading in every poll. I'm leading big in Michigan, too, by the way. I think because of the autos, I think because of a lot of things, economic development and inflation.

But if you take a look, a lot of people say that the stock market's artificially high because they think Trump is going to get elected. You know, we're talking about six months from now. It's pretty short in terms of stock market time. But what you have to do is you have to get inflation down. We have the worst inflation we've had in 70 years.

People can't buy groceries. They can't buy gasoline. You see gasoline is going way up again. I don't know if you've been watching. It's over $7 a gallon now.

I don't know anything about it. I've heard they're doing that. The Democrats do that all over the place. I haven't seen that. But I know you have a lot of good patriots involved, and all they want to do is have fair elections. The last election was not a fair election at all, and the Democrats go after Republicans. I just don't -- I'm not aware of it.