Well, I haven't been thinking about it too much lately. I always said golf is a very dangerous game.

Yeah, that's true. That's true.

Pretty sad.

Yeah, I think so.

I think so, if I knew. Actually, the Secret Service did a great job. They saw the barrel of a gun, big gun, and it came out through bushes. And how many people would see that? You know, he really was very exceptional to have done it. And we've been going through a lot of it. We're getting very good at it.

But I don't want to say that too loudly because we don't want to bring any jinxes along, Tyrus.

But it's, I think --

No.

Yeah, they do.

Well, you know, both of the shooters, one is dead and the other one is in prison. And it was really a great work again by Secret Service and a woman who saw somebody running and running for the car because he was caught and the Secret Service agents started shooting at him, didn't do any talking, said just that's a barrel of a gun.

Started shooting, which was amazing, that he saw it and then he started shooting. And so, this man is running to the car and a woman is -- a woman, of course, a woman. It's always a woman, right?

No, but think about that. How smart -- who would do this? She sees somebody running, and she didn't like the way he looked. He looked very suspicious and followed him and took the car, parked it right behind his, and started taking pictures of the license plate. Who would do that? And then --

And then sent the picture to the sheriff, who's a great sheriff of Palm Beach County. And sent the pictures to the sheriff's office. And they got him in a high-speed chase down the highway. But who would do that? I mean, I said out of a thousand incidents, would that ever happen? And they said very rarely a thing like that.

So, she's very much of a heroine, right? Heroine.

Well, No. 1, do I have a choice? Am I going to -- what am I going to do, right? Do we have a choice? But you know, it's interesting. I was thinking a lot about it over the last period of time since Butler, and being president is a very dangerous job because with a race car driver, it's a dangerous job.

It's like one-tenth of 1% die with a bull rider. I think bullriding looks pretty scary, right? It's a little bit more than that die. With the president, what is it, 6% or 7%? It's the most dangerous profession there is. So, if you want to be president -- I have a lot of friends that wanted to run, they're thinking about maybe not doing it.

But here's the only good thing is that it's always a consequential president that gets shot at. And fortunately, so far, I've been very lucky. Or something is greater than all of us.

Something is up there, someone is up there, maybe watching over us.

Yeah, not about mortality, but I do think more about God because -- OK, Butler was really the greatest of all. If I'm not looking over there -- and I mean a full turn, exactly 90 degrees, I wouldn't be here right now, and your ratings would be a little bit lower perhaps.

I showed it.

I showed it to him.

That's right. You know, I met -- we met at the convention. And I said, "Who am I going to show it to?" You know, we have a lot of guys. You know, they'll say it didn't exist, and I actually did -- have such confidence in him. And he's really a very special guy, talented guy, good guy, great guy. And I said, "You know, if I'm going to show it, let's do it with Gutfeld."

It's true.

Because it happened right after.

Well, I sat in a low chair.

But you know what? It was true and I took the bandages off very carefully, and I showed him. He said, "That's nasty."

That was nasty. But he ended up--

I think so, yeah. Look, the media is extremely dishonest, extremely corrupt, actually. Look at the debate. I walked off. I said that's -- you know, they said I'm the goat in debates because I had a lot of debates, and I became president. And the goat means greatest of all time. He's the goat. What a great state.

And I walked off that stage and I thought I had the best debate. And I was very unfairly treated by the anchor. I'm not fans of those guys anymore. And his hair was better five years ago than it is today. OK? That happens. That happens with the clock.

That happens with the clock. But you know, they came at me on everything like crime. I said the crime is rampant. He said crime is down. I said, "Crime is down?" Who would think it's -- without even knowing. And I was right. The following day, DOJ announced numbers, I don't know who it was in DOJ, but somebody over there likes me, that crime is up 45%, murders up, numbers like you wouldn't even believe.

And anybody would know that without even seeing charts, but it turned out to be a false attack. They attacked the word, the bloodbath that was referring to the auto industry. You know all these things. Charlottesville was totally debunked by everybody, including Laura. Laura did a whole show on it, how it's so ridiculous.

That's right. They even said. But all of them -- and they didn't correct her once, and they corrected me, everything I said, practically. I think nine times or 11 times. And the audience was absolutely -- they went crazy. And the real -- I thought it was -- I walked off, I said that was a great debate.

I loved it. You know, you got a lot of people watching. I guess we had 75 million people watching, something like that. And you have to do well. You can't do badly. For instance, Biden didn't do so well in the previous debate because I had the two debates. I had won -- we actually had two debates. You know, I had won against the man, and then they said, "He's not doing well. Take him out. Put in a new one."

And if she doesn't do well, I wonder if they're going to take her out. Just keep putting -- and let's see if we can get it right eventually. No, but a thing like that has never happened before. It's never -- you know, it's like a fighter. He knows more about fighting, but I love the fighting. We love Dana White, all those guys. And Dana is great.

I'm more Mike Tyson fights than anybody. Well, Mike is great and all great. And they're, you know, amazing people, really. It's a very hard thing to be a fighter. Number one, you have to be able to take hundreds of shots to the face within a couple of rounds and enjoy going out for the fifth round.

You know, there aren't a lot of guys -- a lot of great athletes have tried to be fighters. It doesn't work out so well. Very rarely does it work out. But this was something that was a very special moment. I thought this was a tremendous debate. And then -- and when you look at it, you know, it's interesting now that they're reviewing it, it was all word salad from her.

The first question I said, "What kind of an answer is that?" But the fake news said, "Oh, she did well." No matter what you do -- if I were Winston Churchill, he was a great debater by the way, if I were an elegant debater, if I were Winston Churchill, they would say, "Well, he was OK. But he wasn't special tonight." That was the kind of stuff. They were saying --

Yeah. I think so.

I actually wanted that attitude. You know, I've had different attitudes, right? And you never know about debate. It's a little like Mike Tyson said, he said, "Everybody has a plan until they get punched in the face." And there's a lot of truth to that, right?

Well, I mean, I had people telling me that I'm wrong about things where I'm totally right. I was right just about all of that stuff that they were correcting me. And I think my only regret is that I wanted to be elegant and I didn't want to go after the anchors. I wish I did in a way.

Yeah, that's your job.

Well, I watch -- I know some of them. And like Howard, I was on Howard Stern show as much as anybody. And he was great at that time. And then he went woke. And since he's gone woke, his ratings have gone down the tubes, and he sort of went anti-Trump for a couple of reasons. But I was on his show a lot.

In fact, he has a best of. Did you ever see the "Best of Howard Stern?" I don't want to promote it necessarily. And I was there for just about all of them, the best of. We had good shows, it was good, but he's changed. And you know, he doesn't do the ratings anymore. No, he doesn't. He doesn't have to.

He's almost finished. Kat, do you remember Howard Stern?

A lot of shows.

So, you know, I have -- I had "The Apprentice" for 12 years.

Fourteen, 14 seasons, but 12 years, a lot of time. They wanted to renew me for five years. They were all set to do it, and I didn't want to do it. I wanted to run for -- I said I wanted to run for president. Mark Burnett, who's a great guy and, you know, the producer and all, and all of the people from NBC, everybody came up to see me, to talk me out of running.

They said it's not possible to win, nobody's ever done that. I mean -- and nobody ever gives up prime time show. It was a big hit. And they wanted to do a five-year extension. And I said no. That's actually when I knew I was going to do it. And I mean, I love doing "The Apprentice." It was so successful.

The big question is, did it make a difference? Would I have been president? You know, a lot of people say they created this guy from "The Apprentice." And I don't know if that's true because they chose me because of the, you know, the success.

Yeah. Bret Michaels was a -- we had great characters. And we learned a lot about -- I mean, we had Dennis Rodman was great.

And we had tremendous characters on the show. We had a lot of -- I mean, everybody was helped basically by being on "The Apprentice." But I just wanted to do it. I saw what was happening with the country. The country was going bad. And now, what they've done with the border and the wall and the whole thing, they could have built an extra 200 miles.

I built much more than I said I was going to build and it worked. I had the Mexican government giving us 28,000 troops. We had so many Mexican troops, they had no choice. They had to. Otherwise, I said, "I'm going to put tariffs on your cars that you stole from" -- you know, they stole 32% of our car industry.

OK? You know, which is not -- we'll get it back, don't worry about it. But you know, I really felt I wanted to do it because we can make our country -- the Make America Great Again is such a great -- MAGA is such a great tag. And I watched Biden where he was very angry at MAGA. He said, "We've got to stop MAGA."

And I'm saying, "It's Make America Great Again." You know, it sort of doesn't work so well, right, Make America Great Again. And that's what we'll do. If you think of it, we have 21, I believe it's 21, they say 16. But what difference? I mean, it's a lot of people, more people than any country could sustain 21 million people, many come out of jails and prisons.

Slight difference between one being a little bit more harsh. They come out of mental institutions and insane asylums. They come out of terrorist schools, they come literally out of schools, but they're terrorists. We have people coming from gangs, the worst gangs in the world, MS-13, considered the meanest gang.

They cut people up, they don't want to use guns. They attacked two young 16-year-old, beautiful girls walking to school. They cut them up with a knife. They didn't want to shoot them because it wasn't painful. They both died. And these people are coming out into our country. And now, you look at what's happening in like Aurora in Colorado.

Venezuela -- Venezuelan gangs are taking over the real estate. They're becoming real estate developers. And they have --

They have whatever they want.

Yeah, yeah. Their little card is a bullet.

It's terrible.

Correct. And you can even go further than that.

And by the way, these are really rich people. These are the cartel people. These are really rich. Look, we can play games or we can be nice and we can be smart. You're never going to -- I said to blue ribbon committees, friends of mine, "Oh, could I get on a committee?" They didn't know the first thing about it.

They don't know about El Chapo. They don't know about -- these are very smart, hardened people. And you know, I'm setting up a blue ribbon committee with socialites from New York and California. It's ridiculous. They don't even want to talk about it. They talk about it for two minutes, then they start talking about society.

The only way you're going to stop this is the death penalty for drug dealers. I don't know if this country is ready for it. But if you think about it, each drug dealer on average kills 500 people. On average. He or she drug dealer kills -- I know so many families, who have lost a son or a daughter or parents even to fentanyl.

And I had a deal worked out with China, with President Xi directly that he was going to give -- you know, China has the death penalty. I said to him, "Do you have a drug problem?" when I first met him. He looked at me like what a stupid question.

He said, "No, no, no, no, no drug problem." I said, "Well, what do you do?" "Death penalty. Immediate death penalty." And I said that sounds -- he said, without it -- I talked to him a lot about it. He said without it -- you know China was a drug-loaded country years ago. Other countries, much smaller, would take it over because they were all drugged out with the opium and the poppy, and they had a big problem, but they execute drug dealers.

They have absolutely no drug problem. Singapore has no drug problem. And it's not nice to talk about, but it's the only way you're going to solve the problem. You're never going to have -- now, we got it down to great numbers, the lowest numbers, but the wall helped, a lot of things helped. But in terms of a getting a drug-free country, you can't have that unless you have the death penalty for the dealers.

Well, that should have happened in the debate. And the interesting thing is doesn't do interviews. You would not see her come onto the show, I can tell you right now. No. We ask her now. Come on this show, Kamala. We'll have a box of wine. She doesn't like doing interviews. And she's not knowledgeable about economy and various things.

And I think it would be a problem. But you know what? He was pretty much gone. They said, "Joe, it's over. You're getting out." And he said, "I'm not getting out." "You're getting out." And they were very nasty, 25th Amendment and everything else, he got out. And they put her in, and she somehow, a woman, somehow she's doing better than he did.

But I can't imagine it can last because so weak on people coming in. You know, she's the one -- she was the border czar. She allowed 21 million people to come in -- the thing we were just talking about. And many of these people are the wrong people for this country. You have murderers, you have killers, you have prisoners.

Prisons are being emptied out all over the world, not just in South America, and they're coming in. She allowed that. And I think eventually people are going to figure it out.

True.

It's such an incredible statement question because they're great people, they're 95% for me, but they don't vote. Meaning, they don't vote proportionately. If they would vote, nobody could beat you. And I have total support from evangelical Christians and from other groups. I'll tell you another group that doesn't vote.

Gun owners, they don't vote. The NRA endorsed me totally every time, but they endorsed me totally. But you look at the number of -- I don't know what it is. They're rebellious or something. I don't know what it is. But evangelicals, if they voted, there wouldn't even be an election, you could cancel it.

If the gun owners voted, I mean, the gun owners are just a massive proportion if they voted. But they vote like it's 16% or something. If the people -- because they want to take your guns away. She wants to confiscate your guns. She wants to take them away. And you know, she's now trying to get out of it.

So, she had policies that -- she's now changed 14 policies about fracking. She was totally against, for 15 years, fracking. Now, all of a sudden, a short while ago, she came out in favor of fracking. Same thing with guns. She said "No, no, I don't want to take your guns. I don't want to" -- for 20 years, she's wanted to take your guns.

All of a sudden, a short while ago, she said, "No, no, I don't want to." One thing about a politician, they always revert back to where they were at the beginning because that's what their natural inclination is. Her father is a Marxist professor. I mean that's the way it is. And he's currently -- and I don't know what happened to the father, but we haven't seen him.

I'd love to be able to talk to him. You know, Barack Hussein Obama's brother is supporting Trump. This Governor Waltz, his brother and his whole family is supporting me. In fact, they want to make contributions to my campaign.

That's true. That's true.

Oh, he's strange.

No, he's a strange guy.

You know, he called up years ago, I was in the White House. And he said, "My house is being surrounded by people with American flags." I said, "Is that a good thing or a bad thing?" He said, "I think they're going to attack me." This was during the riots and everything else. They were MAGA people. You know, they like the American flag, all right? And they also had Trump.

And I said, "How do you know there were about 15,000?" He said, "Could you put out a word like that I'm your friend?" I don't even know him, but that's the only time I ever spoke to him. And if you look back long ago, tweets before truth, tweets long ago, I put out a statement. "He's a good man, the governor. He's on our side."

I don't -- I didn't know him, but I didn't want him to get hurt, and everybody put down their flags and they left.

He said it was a miracle. I didn't want him to get hurt.

He just -- they just --

You wouldn't let him go. He remembers it actually. He was a little bit nervous about things. They had one guard. He said, "We have one guard at the door." It was the mansion, the mansion for the state. And he said, "We have one guard at the door, and you have 15,000 people out there." And I'm a little bit -- I don't know, they look violent.

I said, "Are they carrying the American flag? They're not going to be violent." But I put out a statement. And they just went back, they just -- it was sort of a beautiful thing in a lot of ways, beautiful.

No. I think I have been able to do that. Otherwise, I would have nobody to talk to at all, you know? Greg, it was interesting. I endorsed people, and my endorsement record is very good, but sometimes I'll endorse people that said horrible, horrible things about me and people say, "Do you have any idea what he said?" And I said, "You know, if I did that, I would never be able to endorse anybody" because when I first ran, everybody was violently opposed to me.

So, I would have -- I would never be able to endorse anybody. And I like to endorse people if I think they're good.

And honestly, you weren't so good at the beginning.

Well, like the people that you mentioned, I don't know them very well, but the people that you mentioned, they all want to come back. They all want to come back. And when you don't take them back, I don't want them back -- certain people I don't want back. When you don't take them back, they'll say anything.

They make up stories. They make up stories at levels that you wouldn't believe, stories that bear no resemblance, that don't exist. It's like they're storytellers. But when you don't take people back -- and they think of it as a glamorous life. I think, you know, my whole thing, the sphere, I don't think of it.

I just work really hard. We have to win this election to save our country. If we don't win this election, I really believe our country is either finished or very close to it because we have to turn it. And if we don't turn it and turn it now, it's going to be too late to turn it later. I really believe that.

They are great people. Elon --

No, we have great people. A thing just happened about 10 minutes before I walked, on the Teamsters for many, many decades always automatically support the Democrats. This year they refused to do it. And they took a poll, and we got 60% in the poll in the Teamsters. And they're not going to support the Democrats this year.

They're going to, I guess, remain neutral, but that was sort of a big event. Nobody's ever expected a thing like that. They actually took a poll of the Teamsters, of the people, the workers, the people that really do the job, and they're good. I've had many of them work for me with the concrete stuff.

You know the frames, they put up the frames. They drive the trucks. So, they just announced they're not going to support the Democrats. They're going to remain neutral, I think.

Ye had a tremendous advantage with the people. And I think the people that run it, Sean O'Brien, who's the top guy, he's a great guy. But I think they said, you know, "How can we support this person?" Meaning them. But they have, for decades, I think five or six decades, they've never -- I mean, it's been many, many years since they supported a Republican or did this.

Well, you know, one of the nicest things that's happened to me as a politician is that I get most of my money from people that average $61, think of it. And that's never happened to a Republican before. It happens to Democrats but at a much -- it happened with Bernie Sanders. That would be the best example.

But it's a tiny fraction of the money that I get. We get a lot of money from people. They average $61, and those people all vote. Those people, they get -- you know, we have some people that will pay us like $25 a month, every single month. They won't miss it. You know, they're very committed. There's never been a Republican, where that happened, too, where you get your money.

It's called the small money. The small money is ultimately big money because there's so many people contributing. So, you know, that's like a great honor for me.

You know, I'll tell you, it's a funny thing because I think that might be a question that I get more than any question. It is the craziest thing. So, we have that so-called area. They consider it like a sacred area. And I will say this, I don't think I'm a believer, but I've interviewed pilots that look -- I like Tom Cruise -- but better than Tom Cruise, the blond crew cuts, the hawk, and this yes, sir.

And they were in the Oval Office three or four pilots. These are not people that make up stories. They said, "All I know, sir, is there was a round object that was going four times faster than my F-22," which is a very fast plane. "And it wasn't -- you know, it shouldn't have been. It was round, sir."

They have seen -- I mean four or five guys, I've interviewed, solid people, great pilots for the US Air Force, etc. They've seen things that they cannot explain. So to some --

Maybe.

Yes.

Oh, that's a dangerous question.

You know, I got a call from a couple of people, "Could you please be careful on this show? You're going to have a good time. We don't need scandals. We're doing very -- we're leading in the polls." Every one of them. We don't need any scandals, so maybe I shouldn't answer that question.

I don't.

I have --

I have a very old pair that I -- I doubt I fit in it.

I'll tell you this. I do -- I see Biden, too. You know, all he had -- somebody told him, he looks great at the beach in a bathing suit. And I think it's terrible when you see a president lying on the beach on a Tuesday and a Wednesday, and he's stone-cold out. He's out. Who can sleep in front of cameras that are rolling?

Well, I don't sleep much. I'd like to sleep more, but probably four hours, five hours.

I think so, yeah.

That's right.

This was an honor.

Yeah, yeah.

Oh, wow! Thank you. I like that. Now, I'm really happy. That's a real -- oh, that's a good one. Hey!

Beautiful.

No, but this is the real one. This is a real deal.

We're more used to that. Thank you, Tyrus.

That's a good idea actually.

Well, you know, I went to work for my father, out of school. And he was a tough guy, very tough, but he liked the job I did. So, I have never experienced being fired. Fired a lot of people. Fired a lot of people on "The Apprentice," but fired a lot of people. But no, I've never experienced it. I wouldn't like to experience it actually.

Not anymore.

Well, you know, we had -- it's true. He didn't treat me well at all.

Early on. No, no, early on. And I actually met him once at Mar-a-Lago I think, and I met you at the ballroom. They were doing a big charity. I said, "Hello." I was very nice, but he never treated me well. And then, I agreed to do an interview. And it was supposed to be just a quick -- I said, "Look, this guy is -- I can't stand the guy."

They set up an interview, and I said, "It'll be like for 10 minutes, 5 minutes, something quick." And they set up this whole thing, and the interview lasted for two and a half hours because we got along. We had an unbelievable chemistry. And I can honestly say, I really think -- because I love what he says.

He'd say, "Look, maybe he's not a nice guy, but he gets everything done. Would you rather have a nice guy with a country goes to hell?" But I do, I get it done. And I think I'm a nice guy, too. I like to be a nice guy. But he did this interview. And I'm going to take total credit for the show, OK? No, credit almost equal to you.

It was just chemistry. We got along incredibly well. And that was it. And then he did a five-parter. Every night, he had Trump on every -- and he got ratings that were through the roof. And honestly, his ratings were OK, but they weren't setting them. He got ratings that were through the roof. He was the No.

1 show of the week. It was the -- and you know what? It never stopped. So, I take full credit for your success.