Well, thank you very much, Brian. Big rally last night. I will say.

Right.

Well, he's very good. And we have some great people that we're looking at. We have, as they say, a deep bench. But Marco was great last night, very popular. And he's certainly one of the people that we're looking at. You know, over the next week or so, I'll announce. I'd love to do it during the convention.

You know, in the old days, they did it during the convention, and it kept the convention very exciting, actually. So, we'll see about that. But pretty soon, we'll be announcing. But we have some great people, as you know. You know all of them.

Well, you could. You know, I think I'm pretty well set in my own mind. But, you know, you got some good people, and I have changed a little bit, but you have -- they're all great. Anyone would be fantastic. Anyone would be a lot better than laughing Kamala. She's terrible. Kamala is just terrible. You know, she was in charge of the border.

She never went there.

And she was in charge of trying to get a little peace action going for Ukraine. That didn't work out too well. He went to war, instead of peace. There was war instead of peace. I wouldn't say she did too well on that. No, the whole group is a disaster. Biden is a disaster. Not a good guy either because he weaponized government.

And he's a bad guy. He's a crook, and he weaponized government. And, you know, somebody told me, "Oh, I feel sorry for him," because at the debate, he was so pathetic. They said, "I feel sorry for him." I said, "Don't feel sorry for him. He's a bad guy. He's absolutely a bad guy, and he's destroyed this country.

He's absolutely destroyed this country." So, I said, "Don't feel badly for him."

I don't think it does. You know, I've asked that question a lot. Am I waiting for that, you know, for the ax to fall? And frankly, you know, I'm -- I'm amazed that -- I -- you know, I hope he can carry it on. I just assume. We planned for him. But whether we plan for him or anyone else, the planning, I think, is the same.

It's a policy that the Democrats have: open borders, high taxes, high interest rates, being weak on foreign. I mean, look at how bad they're laughed at by everybody. This guy is walking around being laughed at by the leaders. I know all these leaders. He's being laughed at by the leaders of foreign countries.

It's ridiculous that he's our president. But he'll probably stick it out. He looks like he's going to stick it out. And it's an incredible phenomenon. Nobody's ever seen like -- and he can't put two sentences together, it's --

Pretty incredible phenomena.

No, I don't care if it's him or somebody else. It's also policy. It's more about policy than anything else. And these radical Democrats are all radical. Everyone that they're talking about is a radical left lunatic. And whether it's Biden or whether it's somebody else, I think it's the same. They want open borders.

They want all the things we just discussed and much more. No -- no more gasoline-powered cars. They want you to go all-electric, which don't go far and made in China. Very expensive. You know, they want -- you know, as an example, I say it. It's almost embarrassing to have to even say it, that they want men playing in women's sports, and I want the opposite.

So, you know, I mean, it's --

Almost an opposite philosophy. It's actually, Brian, an opposite philosophy. What's good and true and right, they almost want to -- in all cases, they want the opposite. The green new scam is costing us trillions of dollars. It's ridiculous. They're wasting money.

And they're -- then, of course, tremendous inflation. And we're going to stop all that.

No, they should be happy because you wouldn't have had Ukraine attacked if I were president. You wouldn't have had it. I had a very good relationship with President Putin. We got along very well. That's a good thing, not a bad thing, by the way. The fake news says, "Oh that's terrible." Don't forget, I was the one that stopped the pipeline.

That was the biggest thing that ever happened economically to Russia. I stopped it. Biden came in and he approved it. I mean, you tell me --

Who's tougher on Russia. I add sanctions --

That -- I had sanctions that he never had. I had -- what I did with Russia was very tough, but I got along with Putin. You wouldn't have had -- you wouldn't have had Ukraine attacked by Russia if I were president. You wouldn't have had Israel attacked on October 7th if I were president. You wouldn't have inflation if I were president.

We would have had a much different -- this would be a much different country because, right now, we're a failing country. We're a mess.

No, I just want them to pay their bills. We're protecting Europe. They take advantage of us very badly. Not so much worse. I tell you what, very badly. You look at China. It's -- you know, China is terrible, but I straightened them out. And then we had COVID, and I had to focus on other things. And we did an incredible job.

We got it back. We saved the country. This country would had gone into a massive depression if I weren't president. And I gave him a stock market that was higher than pre-COVID when COVID first came in. And what he's done to the economy is horrible because of inflation. The costs have gone up at a level -- I think it's close to 50%, not 20% or 25%.

Actually, they cost -- they don't -- they don't include -- you know, they don't include the real costs, OK? When something really goes haywire like interest rates, they don't include that in their cost of inflation. But what they've done with inflation and what they've done to this country by allowing millions of people -- I think 20 million people will be the number by the time this guy gets out.

Hopefully, November 5th is going to be the biggest day, most important day in the history of our country. But you're talking about 20 million people, many coming from institutions -- mental institutions, insane asylums, coming from jails and prisons all over the world. Do you know that other countries have the best crime numbers they've ever had?

Because they're sending all their criminals into the United States. Not just South America. They're sending all of their criminals, Brian, into the United States. We're going to have a problem, and we're going to get them out.

But this is what they're doing.

Of course, he shouldn't. They're under attack. With me, there was no attack. Everybody felt comfortable. And I took in billions and billions -- hundreds of billions of dollars. Stoltenberg, the secretary general, said, "Trump did something I didn't think was possible." I took in the money that he's spending right now.

If I didn't take it in, they wouldn't even have a NATO to fight Russia. It was me that took in all the money. But they felt comfortable because, frankly, they weren't going to be attacked. They knew Russia would never attack as long as I was president. When he became president, of course, they're paying right now.

They're under attack. If they didn't pay right now, the United States, if they were smart, would say, "Well, I'm sorry, we can't protect you." Because they have the money to pay. But he makes a big deal out of it. Think of it. They're under attack. He is such a dumb president, it's not even believable. Of course, they're paying.

They don't want to be attacked. They don't want -- they want to make sure Russia -- the United States stays right behind them. Russia doesn't attack them.

But it's real easy to get money when you're at war with Russia.

Well, who knows what he knew? And frankly, I -- I do get along very well with Modi. I get along with most of the -- the people. And that's a good thing, by the way, not a bad thing. It's a very good thing because we want to stay out of wars. You know, this -- this fool we have as a president, he's a fool.

He got us into Ukraine. Because of him, Israel was attacked. Now, the Middle East is blowing up like it -- like you haven't seen it in a long time. I took everyone out. I got out of the Middle East. I wiped out ISIS. I rebuilt our military. I wiped out ISIS in four weeks. It was supposed to take five years.

I knocked out ISIS in four weeks. Got rid of the worst terrorists in the world.

And did a job. This -- this country was safe, and the whole world was safe. Look, if you look at Viktor Orban, who's the -- the big chief, the big boss over there. You know that.

Hungary.

He said, "The only way the world is going to be safe is if Trump comes back as president." He said, "When Trump was back --" As he used a different word. I wouldn't have used it, but that's OK. He said, "China was afraid of him. Russia was afraid of him. Everyone was afraid of him." There was no war at all.

We had no war. We didn't have Russia and Ukraine. They weren't even thinking about it.

We didn't have -- take a look at Taiwan. That's going to be next. Take a look at what President Xi of China is doing with Taiwan.

We are -- we are really in very -- we're very close to World War III, all because we have an idiot president.

Iran should not have a nuclear weapon. They should have never been in a position where they could have had. If I were president, they wouldn't even be thinking about a nuclear weapon. And now, they're months away from getting one because Biden doesn't have any idea what he's doing. He's grossly incompetent and he has no idea.

Iran should never be allowed to have a nuclear weapon, and Biden should never have allowed them to get this far. They're way -- they're way advanced now.

They would -- they would have never even been thinking about nuclear weapons if I were president. That's the one thing. And I would have made a deal with Iran. We would have made a deal with Iran within one week after the election. But after the election, why would they make a deal? They said, "We're going to deal with somebody else.

We're going to start dealing now with a stupid person." And that's what they're dealing with.

They're very close to having -- they're very close to having a nuclear weapon.

Israel has got to finish the job. The answer is no. But Israel has got to finish the job.

Got to let them go and do the job. They've got to finish the job.

And Biden knows that, too. But Biden doesn't know -- you know, Brian, Biden -- if you look at the Palestinians, they can't stand Biden. He's being hit by every side. Nobody likes him. Israel doesn't like him, and the Palestinians don't like him.

Because he has no idea where he is. Nobody has any idea.

He doesn't have any idea where he is.

You know, you're dealing with a very -- you're dealing with a very low-IQ individual. You do know that.

Well, I thought he wasn't good at the debates. I thought I beat him badly in both debates. Some people said I was too aggressive in the first one and should have let him talk more, which I probably would agree with that. But I beat -- I beat him in both debates easily by every standard. And second debate, he was saying things that were crazy.

He talked about energy. Remember the last question? I said, "It's Perry Mason time," you know, meaning, he said -- he admitted something that he should have never said. But no, I think -- I mean, he was worse on this one, but I don't know.

You know, something --

Maybe something is wrong. Maybe something -- look, he has the delegates. He's allowed to run. They're not going to stop him. He's allowed to run if he wants to. The only thing that can stop him, if he decides he can't do the job.

And that's a big admit. You know, if he decides he can't do the job, you know, that's a very big -- that's a very big statement. He shouldn't have been doing it anyway. Look, he's done a horrible job. We're in wars all over the place. We have inflation, the likes of which no one's ever seen before. We're not respected on the world stage.

We had the most embarrassing event in the history of our country, Afghanistan. Not that we got out because I was getting out, but I was getting out with strength and dignity. The way he got out was so embarrassing to our country.

It looks like a --

You know, that was one of the major reasons Putin went in. When Putin saw how incompetent Milley and all these guys were, he said, "This is a great time to go in and take Ukraine," which is, by the way, the apple of his eye.

Well, I'll take a look at that. I mean, I have heard that this morning, so I'll take a look at that.

I don't know. I'm going to take a look at it. I want to see -- I know she gave her delegates over. You know, there was a lot of bad blood there. She stayed too long. She was being soundly defeated at every place, but she just wouldn't leave. And so, we had to continue onward for two extra months, which was ridiculous.

And she was doing badly. She was losing badly. But -- I mean, her mistake was she continued on. She just, you know, keep going. I had that the first time, too. You know, I had a gentleman from Ohio continued on. He just wouldn't --

You know, he just kept going. He wasn't getting anything, he wasn't doing anything, he wasn't getting any votes, but he continued on. There's a time to which you leave. You know, Ron DeSantis left right after Iowa. She should have left right after Iowa. She came in third. She didn't come in second. Ron came in second.

But he left after Iowa because he saw there was no way he could win.

Well, she came in third, there was no way. So, I'll just say this. You know, I wish she didn't stay so long.

No. They're not going to vote for Biden. Biden is a low-IQ president. They're not going to vote for him. They're going to vote for Trump. And, you know, all the polls are showing that we have very big numbers. I think bigger than the polls. I mean, I -- I watch Fox. I watched yesterday the classic John Roberts, except, you know, Fox always tells me you can't use Rasmussen.

I send him these great polls, my people do, and they won't use them. And then John Roberts said, "Oh, the Democrats sent us a poll. This is a poll." And it had me, like, leading Biden by one. I'm -- we're leading by huge numbers.

But, you know, they put on -- John Roberts puts on a poll. I guess it was John Roberts. He puts on a poll where it was given to them, leaked by the Democrats. Of course, what does he think -- what does he think they're going to leak him? It wasn't even a real poll. Nobody ever heard of it.

The poll that was leaked by the Democrats.

Well, I think the whole country is in play. We have a low-IQ president, and they don't like it. We had a great country four years ago.

We were respected all over the world. I beat ISIS, and there were no wars. There were no wars started.

There were no wars contemplated. We weren't going to have any wars -- in the world, we weren't going to.

And what Viktor Orban said is he said that he's talking about the world. He said the world is going to blow up unless Trump is put in --

Because these people did respect me.

And they respected our country.

Right.

Well, it's not targeting moderates. It's common sense. They basically had, in some cases, gay bans. I don't want that. I'm -- it's not what we're about. They had other things that are ridiculous. The abortion issue is much simplified right now because I brought it out, you know, by getting rid of Roe v. Wade.

That was an incredible thing because after 52 years -- and everybody wanted this, Democrats, Republicans, and all legal scholars wanted it. They didn't want it to be in the federal government. They said it's a states issue. And I was able to bring it back into the states. And now, the states are voting. And honestly, in some cases, the votes are liberal; and in some cases, it's more conservative.

But the states are now voting. And it's the people that are voting. But, you know, Brian, the people are voting, and it's the way it was supposed to be. If you remember, for 52 years, they've been trying to get it so it's states -- it's in the states, but it got stuck in the federal government with Roe v. Wade.

I was able to get that out. That was a great service. Now -- and it's turning out very liberal. Look at Ohio. Ohio went for something that's much more, I will call it, liberal than --

People would have thought. But, you know --

It's now a vote of the people.

Yeah.

It's the vote of the people.

No.

I've never heard that one.

No. He still looks good.

He looks like a young Abraham Lincoln.

No, he's a nice guy.

Well, it's a little bit of an issue. It's a pretty strong ban. You know, I think Doug is great, but it is a strong -- he's taken a very strong stance or the state has. I don't know if it's Doug, but the state has.

It's -- so it's -- it's an issue.

Everything is an issue.

No, but it does make it more complicated. You know, you do that and it makes it more complicated. There are people that don't have that complication. Now, it's fairly easily fixed, but you have to do something with delegates or there has to be a resignation, you know, etc., etc. So, it's not like picking some people where it's very easy, where there is none of that.

Florida, meaning two people can't be running on the same ticket. You actually can, but they take delegates, and taking delegates is, you know, a very risky thing to do, right?

No. Not tomorrow. I'll make it close to the convention. I would love to do it. You know, it used to be picked during the convention, Brian. And it made the convention, frankly, more interesting. The pick used to be during the convention. That's what I'd like to do. But, you know, with --

Modern technology --

If you can believe it, it's like everything else. And like voting used to be better with all paper ballots. I mean, modern technology, there's a lot of things, and it makes it easier --

If you pick before the convention.

But I'd love to be the old-fashioned way and do it during the convention.