Thank you.

Well, there will be corruption, and the only question is, will it be massive corruption, or will it be, you know, regular standard corruption? But there's going to be corruption, and we'll see how it works out. It's very interesting that they've gone from one extreme to the other. They kept Pete Rose out of the Hall of Fame for -- I mean, like, ridiculous, in my opinion, a ridiculous situation.

It was -- I mean, I grew up watching that guy. He was great. But no, I think you'll have -- you're going to have corruption. Where you have gambling, you have a lot of it.

Well, you can't police. You can't police it. It's very hard to police, especially when they do gambling over phones and all. There's nothing to police something like what you're talking about.

Well, when I heard the decision, I was surprised that whoever it is that's in charge, the governing body didn't appeal it better. I don't know that they appealed it at all. I thought they took like one judge who came up with this wild decision, and it looks like everybody just started switching over and paying money all over the place.

I would have said that they would have had a better chance if they would have appealed that, properly appealed it, and that would have delayed it for a long while. But it was -- I just could not imagine that they didn't appeal that decision.

No. No, not really. I don't think the coach thinks so either. It's not going to be the same. You're going to have some very rich athletes. You'll probably have some schools go to the top. I think that's why a great coach that happened to be at Alabama left. I think it's why, because he said, you know, it's no longer -- you know, it depends on who's putting up the money.

And then they still have to make -- I've seen a lot of money. I remember a man named Charles O. Finley. Do you remember Charles Finley?

Never talked about it, but I think he won three World Series in a row with the lowest payroll. He understood players. He actually was a genius at playing.

But he had the Oakland A's. And he didn't -- I mean, you don't necessarily have to. You see it all the time. The teams that don't spend as much, they do well. But typically, you know, you're going to have some very wealthy schools or people putting up money, and certain schools are going to do well. I think it's going to be a very different deal.

It's still football, I guess, and we'll see. I don't know what the coach says because I have a lot of respect for the man we have on the phone, the coach. I think he's a great coach and a great guy. But I will tell you, I watch football now, and I see that kickoff, and it looks weird to me. It's -- that thing looks weird, Coach.

I don't know. I hope you like it, but I think it hurts the game. I think -- I think when you have something good, you don't change it. And I don't see why it's safer. You know, why is it safer? They're still crashing and -- but it's -- if the coach likes it, I'm OK with it. But boy, I looked at that a few weeks ago.

When I saw it for the first time, I said, "What the hell are they doing to football?"

I think changing that was terrible. You did like them or --

It looks so different. It looks so different.

When you -- when you see that kickoff and you see what they did, it looks so different. So, I don't like that. I'm a traditionalist, fellas, as you probably are both also.

Well, I think they've done a lot, but it's still a very violent game. And that's why people watch it. It's risky. You don't have to let your child play. I would say that, you know, it's a pretty dangerous game, and there are more dangerous games. When you look at bull riding, explain that one. I mean, I look at that, and I say, "Wow."

And other things, some others. But no, it's a violent game, but -- and they do the best you can with the helmets. Now, I'm looking at those helmets, where you'll end up with that. That'll be the end. You know, those big, massive pads or pillows they put on the outside of the helmet, all of a sudden, they'll be -- they'll be saying you have to do that.

No, it's a violent game, and you know, you either have it or you don't have it. But when they do something like the kickoff return, it's done by people that -- I don't know. Personally, I don't think they get it, but let's see how it all works out.

Well, I guess the Olympics and -- while I was president, and I also got the World Cup. I got them both and Obama.

Well, it's a lot, but when you can get the World Cup and you can get the Super Bowl, you just have to worry about security, and that's become a part of life. And, you know, you can't say, "We're not going to take anything anymore." It's just become a part of life. It's -- it's dangerous out there, and it's a part of what you do.

And, you know, you have good safety procedures, but sometimes, that doesn't work out so well. But the World Cup and the Olympics, I was responsible for getting both of them, actually, and I was very honored to do so. And I'm sure they'll work out really good. You know, getting the World Cup was a big deal.

You know, I thought it was an achievement, actually.

Well, you'd like to do that, but it's a very complicated thing. You know, it's a very unusual -- she's incredible, by the way. I watch, too. I think she's incredible. The shot, you know, I watched the shot go in. It's like couldn't she shoot that way in the NBA? If you want another, just give her the ball.

She is unbelievable. And it's a -- you know, it's a phenomenon. It's something that is taking place, and it's unusual. You know, Tiger, when he first went out, remember those days when Tiger went out? He was -- or just a great baseball player in the minor leagues or a first-year football player. You know, you see a running back who's making, like, minimum, and he turns out to be a superstar.

You have that. And, you know, probably there's no real way to guard against it. It sounds unfair, but somebody agrees to a contract. Hopefully, she'll keep it going and probably will. She's going to make a lot of money.

Well, yeah, it's really -- you got to rely on the market. You know, you can't go in and just say, "Well, we're going to break this contract because this person did well." The league could probably go up and give her a bonus. You know, it wouldn't kill the league if the league is doing OK. But they could -- I mean, the league could really do something with it because it's -- you know, it seems unfair, but you have a lot of that.

I see it all the time with football and baseball and even basketball, where somebody comes in and he turns out to be 10 times better. The quarterback for San Francisco, wasn't he the last draft choice? And I watched as two quarterbacks got hurt for the team and -- they were having a hard time anyway, but they got hurt.

And he comes in as the last draft choice, and he moves the team. You know, he moves it, and other guys that get drafted No. 1 don't move it at all. It's a -- it's an amazing thing. I've watched it for so many years. It's amazing how -- with all the brilliant minds involved and all the draft choices. And the coach knows this stuff better than anybody in the world.

He could probably write 10 books on it. But, you know, you take some of these guys. They're not as highly thought of, but they can move the ball. Nobody knows why they can move the ball. San Francisco, I was watching a game the other day, and you know, he's playing so good. I think he was the last draft choice, actually.

And he moves the ball great. And then you have other people that are drafted No. 1, 2, 3, 4. Well, No. 1 has -- you know, he's had a hard time, as an example, from last year. And No. 2 is doing great, and you say, "What's going on?" And it was pretty unanimous that that's the way it should have been done.

You just don't know. Then they get into that higher -- it's very interesting how they get into a higher category of talent, and some guys that didn't play as well in college play actually better with higher talent, and other guys lose their game. And they're very complex. And this is a lot of luck. You know, look at Washington.

You know, that's a great find, although I think he was very highly thought of. But look how he's playing. So, you say he should be making because he's, you know, like probably the best quarterback in football right now in terms of just stats, but one of them, so he should be making pretty much what the others.

But you can't do that. He's got a contract, and you can't do that. And he'll have his day, you hope. You know, he's got to hope he doesn't get hurt, etc., etc.

Yeah. Well, maybe they'll have to change that, but it is based on the one player, it seems to be. It's sort of incredible. It's a phenomenal thing she's got going. But very tricky. When you start getting involved with trying to recreate markets, it gets very, very tricky. I mean, the downside is greater than the upside, Jim.

Well, we worked hard on that, and we put a lot of money into sports. Look, I think sports, as somebody that played sports while I was in high school, in particular, and you know, once I went to college, I did less so, other than, you know, some golf and tennis and the more traditional things for that, but I enjoyed it.

I always liked it. I played good. I was good at what I played. But I think it's a great opportunity for kids. And we always put a lot of emphasis on that, you know, getting kids involved, especially -- you know, you have sections of our society where there's just -- I mean, it's like they never even get a chance to see -- you may have Willie Mays out there.

You may have -- you know, who knows who you may have? You have -- you do have that. I mean, you have kids who play that, if they played, would be great superstars, but they'll never get a chance to even throw a ball. And we've worked -- as you know, Jim, we've worked very hard, I think probably more than any administration ever, on getting young kids involved, especially from the poverty areas because they really -- they don't have a chance unless you do it. We really helped them a lot.

Oh, yeah, I would. I would do that. We have plenty of liquid gold under our feet. We just don't use it. We have so much liquid gold in so many ways. We don't need to save $12 on what you're talking about. No, it's good. It's a good thing. It's a good thing for -- you know, sports is -- you talk about bringing people together.

Sports really brings people together, and you learn about people. We learn about them, and they learn about us, and they learn how to live life. It's -- I learned a lot about things in sports. And, you know, now I -- it's mostly the golf stuff, little tiny tennis, but the golf stuff. And for me, it's good.

And, Coach, I won the club championship. Can you believe it? At Palm Beach, you know. The club championship, for us, that's like a major, right, Coach? You know, no strokes or anything. It's just a real club championship. And you have always -- there's always a lot of good players if you have a good club and a big club.

You learn a lot about yourself. You have to be able to handle pressure. And there are people that can't play. And I know scratch golfers. They can't play. They don't even try to play in a club championship. He's one guy. I know he's a great -- really good player, better than scratch, but he said he doesn't -- he can't play in the club championship.

He said, 'When I stand over a three-foot putt, I can't even see the hole." You know what's great, though? I tell you, Jack Nicklaus is a great, great guy. And I was substantially older than the other people that played. And one was -- the one I played at the end was like 32 years old, 31, and he was a +3 and a really good player, a known player. And when Jack heard that I won the club championship, he said, "

How old are you?" And I refuse to say over the phone, but you know, I'm 78. And I said, "45-year age difference." And I told the guy I was playing, I said, "You know -- " But the fairways have no idea how old the person is as you hit the ball down the middle of the fairway. And there's a little truth. But, you know, when Jack heard that, he said, "

Gee, I'd love to come over and hand you the trophy." Very nice, right? You know, because he thought it was an achievement at a certain age.

Well, I know them both, actually, and Jake is terrific. And I know the two brothers. And Mike is great. You know, look, I had Mike's fight with Spinks. I had -- I think I had more Mike Tyson fights than anybody, and he was brutal. And then one day, you know, he had the -- he had a rough fight. What was it, Buster Douglas or whatever?

Who fought like one great fight. It was unbelievable, how good he was at that fight. You know, I went to that fight. It was in Japan. It was weird because it started at 7 in the morning. You know, you get up, and you go to a fight. Nobody could believe what the hell was happening, including Mike. But Mike is a great guy, actually.

He's a -- you know, he's a different kind of a guy. He's a -- he's an amazing guy. He's been very loyal to me. He endorsed me right away.

Well, I'm going to really work on other things, to be honest with you. I'm not -- you know, I think we have much bigger problems than that. But that's -- I do think, you know, we should have one tour, and they should have the best players. And there are many tours, but you know, your primary tour -- because when Scotty wins or when they win on the other two -- you know, we have a lot of -- there's a lot of great players.

I mean, beyond -- it's really top, top players on LIV, and it would be nice if they could all play together. And it's terrible when somebody's shut out of a major. It's terrible. But, you know, they're very happy with Saudis. They're over there, and they're very happy about it. They really are. It's amazing.

If you speak to them, they're happy with their decisions. And they made more money than they probably could ever have made. You know, they got checks for, in some cases, hundreds of millions of dollars. So, it's hard to say, "Gee, I'm going to be happy because I can't play in a certain location that's -- you know, that's not that important."

But I think it will come together. Yeah. I could certainly help it. I could probably get it done. I would say it would take me the better part of 15 minutes to get that deal done.

Yeah, they are. You're not -- you're middle class, which is -- your biggest sports fans are being priced out. It's not fair. The leagues are not taking care of their fans. They really aren't. They're making it impossible. A fan will buy one ticket for one game that's sometimes, you know, a nothing game.

And that's all that fan can -- you know, have been a supporter for many years, and they'd have season tickets. All of a sudden, the price goes up 10 times, and they can't afford it anymore. No. I think it's very unfortunate. And, you know, I know what to do. That's something I would work on. I would work on.

You'd be surprised at what I'd have to say about it.

You know, fans are being shut out, and it's terrible. I know a lot of people that work for me, and they had season tickets, you know. And now, they just -- you know, they don't want to spend that much money, and they understand money better. You know, they understand the value of money, and it's not guys that are making tremendous amounts, and they're being shut out of sports.

They're being shut out of seeing a team that they grew up with and that they love, they love. And it's -- no, I think there are things that have to be done. Yeah, I could see that.

Well, it's going to be -- yeah, it's going to be an interesting day. I mean, I see it going on now. It's -- I guess I have a lead. Look, I'm leading in all seven swing states, and we're doing pretty well, I guess. We'll find out about it. Now, you'll read about it. You don't even have to speak to me.

You'll see plenty. You're going to see plenty. It's going to -- you know, it's sort of like the Super Bowl times a thousand. You know, it's such a powerful, incredible -- I was sort of just alluding when I was asked by the NFL if I could help them with Canada, dealing with Canada, you know, because they had that dispute for years and years. Coach, you know about that, I guess, right?

For years and years, having to do with the Super Bowl and rights to the Super Bowl. And Canada was treating the NFL very badly. They were giving them nothing, and this went on for many years, many lawyers, everything else. And I said, "I'll look into it." When I did the USMCA, that's Mexico and Canada, I said to Trudeau, I said, "Listen, do me a favor. I represent the, for the good of the country, American companies, and this is a great American company, the NFL. I would appreciate it if you do a settlement and a settlement that's on the table. I'd appreciate it."

They would never have done it. "I appreciate if you do it." And he said, "Done." It took me about 42 seconds, and I got it done. And the NFL was thrilled. There's only one problem. They never said thank you. Coach, you wouldn't know about that. They treated you much better than they treated me. But I never got even a thank you.

And you're talking about hundreds of millions of dollars. I never got a thank you. And all I want is a thank you. So, they don't treat people good, and they don't treat their fans good. Yes, I understand that.

I feel great. You know, it is what it is. I work hard. I have a -- I've made more rallies. I did four, four, three, four. These are big rallies, and I don't cut them short either. These are big rallies with the biggest crowds ever, like ever in politics in any country. I mean, this -- I think the coach would agree.

I mean, I had a -- in Milwaukee, I filled up the stadium, and we could have filled it up three times. People, we had tens of thousands of people outside. That was just a couple of nights ago. And always, I went to -- let's see. Every location I have, we have the biggest stadium, and we never have an empty seat.

We always have big -- we have these massive television screens that we hang out from the outside of the buildings so that people can see it outside. It's been an amazing experience for me. Don't forget, I never did it before. You know, other guys have done that, and then they slowly move up toward president.

I started off as president. I never -- I never did it before. And it's been an amazing thing, and I think we're doing really well. You know, we're against a system. I don't view her as a candidate. I view the Democrat Party as the system. It's a system. It's just the way it is, and it's very interesting to watch.

And let's see if I can take down that system. I did it once very successfully. I don't think there's ever been anything -- this is more exciting. I hate to say it, Coach, but this is more exciting than any football game. This is big stuff. And it's going to be a very interesting -- hopefully, a very interesting outcome.

Thank you very much. And, Coach, we'll see you soon. You're a great guy. Great coach, Jim. He's a great coach.

Take care of yourself, Coach. And Jim, I'll see you soon.