Well, I looked at the poll numbers. I listened to Harold Ford. I don't know what he was watching because I think he wasn't watching the debate that I was in yesterday. I think we did great. It was 3 to 1. It was a rigged deal as -- as I assumed it would be because when you looked at the -- the fact that they were correcting everything and not correcting with her.

And we knew it when it was 100% good coverage for her over the last month or last year. I looked at it, and only bad coverage of me no matter what. The press is so dishonest in this country, it's amazing. Now, I didn't mind because, frankly, I knew -- I was pretty sure that's what they would do. CNN was much more honorable.

The debate we had with Biden was a much more honorably run debate, but this was incredible. I mean, everything -- so many things I said were debunked, totally debunked like Charlottesville, like -- I could -- I have a list of seven different things. And she could say anything she wanted. Everything -- every time I spoke, and my stuff was right, they'd correct you.

I thought it was terrible from the standpoint of ABC. They're the most dishonest, in my opinion, the most dishonest news organization. And that's saying a lot because they're all essentially really dishonest. But I thought I did a great job. It was three on one, and I thought I did a great job. Now, we sent you the polls, but every single poll last night had me winning like 90 to 10.

We had -- C-SPAN at one point was at 80 to 20, and I don't know how it finished. That was late last night so I have no idea, but it was at 80 to 20. I told that to Bret Baier. And we sent him a lot of polls, and we sent you a lot of polls this morning. And every single poll had us winning by a lot, despite the fact that it was an unfair debate, obviously.

And it was -- it was a three on one, and that's OK. I've had worse odds in my life. I've had it before, but never so obvious. A lot of people are very angry about it. You know, you have corrupt news organizations. You have a lot of bad people, it's amazing, in that business -- in your business.

Right.

That's right.

Because they're dishonest and because I think ABC took a big hit last night. I mean, to be honest, they're a news organization. They have to be licensed to do it. They ought to take away their license for the way they did that. Bloodbath was referring to the economy. Everybody loved the term because as soon as they heard the word, it's sort of a vicious word, but referring to the economy.

They have created an economy -- bloodbath was the word that I used, and it was fine in that context. And they were trying to make it sound like it was a riot or something, and it was a bloodbath. IVF, I was a leader on IVF, the IVF -- the IVF, which is fertilization, I was a total leader on that. When I first heard about it like right from the beginning, I was one of the leaders on it, and the Republican Party has been a leader on it.

She tried to say it was just the opposite. The -- the whole thing with abortion, what he said, I mean, it was incredible. I think he corrected me six times, and each time I was right.

I believe each time I was right, didn't correct her at all, and she was saying these things. She was using like Charlottesville -- she was using Charlottesville, and everybody -- you take a look at Laura Ingraham, she did it incredibly. She had it totally debunked. She said that, in fact, it makes it angry -- she makes -- she gets angry when people hear about Charlottesville when they use that because what they did is they stopped, and they didn't put the following sentence in.

And when they put the last sentence in when it was all put together, what I said was absolutely perfect. And ABC knew that, everybody knew that, frankly. I think they lost a lot of credibility. But regardless, look, the polls are saying that I was -- I won that by 80-20, 90 -- we have one here, 92 to 7.

And I sort of believe that's right. I thought, look, I've been told I'm a good debater. I think it was one of my better debates, maybe my best debate, I think. I don't know. That's why I'm disappointed in this guy, Harold Ford. I don't know if he's still there, but I don't know what he was watching because he was just as dishonest as ABC in my opinion.

Right.

Right.

That's right. I'll be doing that in a little while. In fact, right after this call, I leave. I'm going down to the World Trade Center site, and I'll be down there for much of it. JD is going with me, and we had -- we had a great talk about it yesterday. It was very, very sad. It's a horrible day, horrible day.

There's never been anything like it. Just a horrible day. And then going to Pennsylvania, of course. And so, I'm going to be doing both of them. Sometimes, I'll do all three. Sometimes it doesn't work out when they're sort of simultaneously done, but we're going to be doing two of them today.

Oh, I don't know. I'm not sure. It's, you know -- look, everybody should be very angry at how badly they've run this country. Millions of people are floating into our country, many of them should not be here. They're criminals, many criminals coming in, many terrorists coming in. People coming there, emptying their jails into our country.

They're emptying their -- think of it. They're emptying their mental institutions. People that are mentally ill are being dropped into our country. And these two people, and it's both of them, they allow it to happen. What they're doing is terrible. I saw your report yesterday on -- in Ohio with Springfield, Ohio and Aurora -- if you look at Colorado, Aurora, Colorado, these thugs from Venezuela in Aurora have taken over.

People from Haiti, I guess, have come in illegally, totally coming illegally into our country. And they've -- they've destroyed Springfield, Ohio. They destroyed --

Oh, I think I made it twice or maybe even three times. In fact, I said, I wonder if I'm saying this too much. How can you say it too much? They've allowed 21 million, I think is the real number. It could be more than that. Twenty-one, that's bigger than New York State. They've allowed 21 million people come into -- come into our country.

Many of these people are criminals. And by the way, those countries are being emptied out of their criminals, and their crime rates are way down. Their prison populations are being dumped into the United States. Their populations in prison are way down. Their mental institutions, their populations are way down.

And it's all over the world. It's not just South America. They're coming in from the Congo and Africa. They're coming from all over the world, the Middle East, Europe, Asia. They're coming in from everywhere, not just South America. And they're coming in at numbers you've never seen. They're literally destroying our country.

These people have no idea, or maybe they do. The only reason they can be doing it is because they hate our country. They hate our country.

If she's president, I believe that Israel will not exist within two years from now. Look at what's going on in the Middle East. This would have never happened. I will get that settled and fast, and I'll get the war with Ukraine and Russia ended. If I'm president-elect, I'll get it done before even becoming president.

It's a very good agreement. The reason it was good, it was -- we were getting out. We would have been out faster than them, but we wouldn't have lost the soldiers. We wouldn't have left many Americans behind. They blew it.

Because I deal with foreign policy. I'll give you an example. Afghanistan, we had a great agreement, but it was agreement subject them -- to them doing a lot of different things. They didn't do those things. And when they didn't do them, we terminate the agreement. These clowns had no idea what to do.

They had Milley who's incompetent. They had Biden who's incompetent. All of the people are incompetent, nobody ever gets fired. They don't fire anybody. They let them just stay on, retire, no problem. Milley should have been -- Milley should have been fired and reprimanded like you've never seen. These people are incompetent.

They left billions of dollars worth of equipment behind. You had 13 dead soldiers. The -- the -- they shouldn't have used that airport. They should have used Bagram, which, by the way, they gave up and they shouldn't have given it up because that's only one hour away from China where they make their nuclear weapons.

No, no. They took a good agreement, but the agreement was subject to the Taliban doing things. And remember this, in ending that, every single -- I went 18 months without one soldier killed. I spoke to the head of the Taliban, Abdul. And I said -- I had nice tough talk with him. Not one soldier was killed in 18 months until that catastrophe happened.

It was absolutely -- we were running it perfectly, but the agreement didn't mean anything because they had to -- in other words, they had the agreement kick in --

Yeah. They didn't do the things. Who would take their military out first? They're incompetent. They took the military out first. You're supposed to take the military out last, and they left lots of Americans behind. And then they had the worst airlift nobody's ever seen.

People falling off an airplane from 3,000 feet in the air, many people. They are incompetent, and they shouldn't be running the country. And we'll end up in World War III because of these fools.

Good morning.

Right, great question.

The first thing I'd do is close up the border. People have to come into our country legally. They can't come in the way they're doing now. We have millions and millions of people coming in, even a month -- on a monthly basis and they're destroying our country, and it affects our economy. The other thing I'd do is drill, baby, drill.

I'd be drilling, and I'd get energy prices. And I'll reduce your energy by half within 12 months, half. And I hope that, Lawrence, if you're listening, Lawrence, I hope you go and do a little shout out poll. And I don't know the people there, but I love the people there. I can see it. But why don't you do a shout out poll who they thought won the debate last night? It would be great.

Oh, why don't you do it while I'm on the -- yeah, but I'm on the phone now.

Yeah.

That's right. Well, we have big -- you know, you have a --

Right. Child care is a No. 1 priority, and I have no choice because I have a daughter named Ivanka. And maybe you never heard of my Ivanka, but I have a daughter named Ivanka. And that's all she talks to me about is child care for the people. And she's the one that got it started, and Marco Rubio helped a lot.

And a lot of the Republican senators, we put in a great child care, and we'll be expanding that. And that will help you a lot.

Hi. Hi.

Well, by doing a show like this.

That's a great question. Because you really do it by doing a show like this with Lawrence and the group. You have to get your word out, and you don't have a fair media. You have a very liberal, biased media. I have no idea why. I actually have no idea. Think of it. They don't want walls. They don't want borders.

They don't want good economies. They -- the things they want are destructive to our -- our country. But I will tell you that it's very important if you're doing what I'm doing, you have to do shows like this. That's another thing. Kamala doesn't do any shows. She doesn't do interviews. She doesn't talk to people.

She doesn't do anything like that. And that's not fair to the public because they don't know what they're getting, but they saw last night what they had. They had a rigged show with somebody that maybe even had the answers. I mean, I'll be honest. I watched her talk, and I said, "You know, she seems awfully familiar with the questions."

And you get pretty good at that stuff after a while. But when I saw how -- how totally rigged that was, I take a look at it, and I watch, and I say, "You know, you have to get out there." And one of the things I did is I said, let's do this show at like -- what time is it? 6:30 in the morning. And it's an honor to do it.

But you have to go out, and you have to do the shows. You have to go out and do media. And some of the media is honest. It's not all dishonest. That's the good news. But much of it is. Let's say close to 80%, and I mean seriously dishonest.

Right.

So, I'm leading in Pennsylvania in just about all the polls, and I'm leading by some in a lot. And one of the issues is fracking. I've been for fracking from -- it's like the day I was born. Always fracking. She's always been against it, and she's been against it strongly. And if she won, she would end fracking in Pennsylvania 100%.

She would end it, and that would be it. All she's doing is she just changed her view just a very short time ago. She went, "Oh, I'm totally in favor of fracking," all of a sudden. She is totally against it. You have every clip, and Sean Hannity plays them every night. Every clip, she's against fracking.

All of a sudden, she's losing in the polls. She's not doing down. Her president is doing horribly. How did he do in the debate? At least she could speak, but her president goes down. They did a palace coup in the president. She comes out, and she does fracking. To -- so, I say to the people of Pennsylvania, you know what you have with Trump, and I'm with you.

I went to school in Pennsylvania. I have my friends in Pennsylvania, and I'm a fracker. And that's 500,000 jobs in Pennsylvania and a lot of your income. Pennsylvania would be devastated if they take that away. She will obviously take that away. Oh, she'll take away drilling in Texas. She's going to take away -- they ended ANWR, the biggest oil site in the world that Ronald Reagan couldn't get in Alaska.

They ended it. I got it approved, and they ended it. And nobody can believe they did. We had the biggest site in the world. They ended it in the first week in office. Think of that.

They cut the Keystone Pipeline. They will end fracking. Keystone Pipeline, one of the biggest pipelines in the world, they ended it in the first day or the first week that he was in office. They will end fracking because she's not a fracker. And they'll also take away your guns.

They will confiscate your guns.

Well, I want you to take that poll, though, soon. You got to take that poll so I can watch it. Thank you. Thank you, everybody, very much. Thank you.