Wow.

No, I haven't. No. I haven't, but I respect him. I've respected him for a long time. I mean, I know where he's coming from, and it's a little different philosophy. Very smart guy, however, and I had heard he was thinking about it for a period of time. But no, I have not heard this, what you're telling me.

Well, I think I'm going to be there on Friday. We have a big crowd. I would always be honored to. I mean, if he endorsed me, would I be honored by that? Absolutely.

Well, if you take a look at the numbers and this 800-and-something-thousand fake jobs that they said existed, which is I think a terrible thing, they did that in order to look like their economy is good. That shows the economy is horrible. That's the biggest number to -- I mean, we checked back a long ways, and there's never been a number like that.

Well, it means they probably have to because you'll end up with a depression perhaps. Who knows? But to hide almost 900,000 jobs and to say they existed -- and they wanted to keep that despite what you talked about with interest rates. They wanted to keep that long after the election. They didn't want it to come by any time during -- you know, before November 5th. So, they really wanted to keep that a secret.

And somehow, it got out from the Labor board. It came out. It got out somehow, and people are amazed by it. That's a tremendous number. That's a tremendous hit to the economy. But what it shows you is how dishonest these people. They didn't want it to come out before the election. It shows that our country is doing very poorly.

Enough to see. I mean, my name is very prominent. I saw in one of your shows, actually, that it's mentioned, I think, 10 times more than any other name, meaning not of a person, of a category like economy and things like that.

Well, we have much bigger crowds than they do. And frankly, I don't -- I didn't hear that, that they're trying to get under my skin. I'm more interested in the country. They get under my skin when the country is going down the tubes. And the country is going down the tubes. She's a radical-left Marxist, some people would say communist.

That's where she's been all her life. She destroyed San Francisco. She destroyed -- I mean, if you take a look at what's happened to California, it's not just Gavin Newscum, it's -- it's her. What she did as the attorney general of California was earthshaking. She destroyed the state. So, she destroyed California and -- and the state of -- think of it. What she's done -- if you go back and just look at her career, go to San Francisco, take a look at before and after, everything she's touched has turned bad.

And now, she's going to destroy the United States. We just can't let that happen. She's a Marxist. Her father is a Marxist professor. That's where she comes from. She's the greatest flip-flopper in history. Every single -- she's going to ban fracking in Pennsylvania, but now she says she isn't, but she will 100%. She's going to do all of these things that are going to destroy our country.

But she's flip-flopped on virtually every single thing she said and lived with for her whole life, long before her political life. So, she's going to go back to them, and our country will be destroyed. Even if she doesn't, our country will be literally destroyed by her ideology.

I don't know anything about them other than somebody else generated them. I didn't generate them. Somebody came out. They said, "Oh, look at this." These were all made up by other people. AI is always very dangerous in that way, but these were made up not by us. We didn't make them up. They're made up by other people.

Maybe they were reposted or something. I don't even know which ones you're talking about, but possibly, something was reposted. We're seeing it all the time. It's happening with me, too. They're making -- they're having me speak. I speak perfectly, I mean, absolutely perfectly on AI. And I'm like endorsing other products and things.

It's a little bit dangerous out there.

Well, we're going to have respect. We -- they -- they respected me from day one. People say certain reasons why they couldn't figure us out, etc., etc. I rebuilt our military. They've dissipated a lot of our military, giving it away to countries, various countries. And also, if you take a look at the -- I mean, the wars, the way they're spending, they're handing us -- we had ammunition.

When I first came in, they complained we had no ammunition, and they went public with it, which you shouldn't go public with. I filled up all of our warehouses all over the world with ammunition. We gave it away again. They gave away our ammunition. We have very little left. You know that. You've been reporting on that.

They're destroying our country. We're going to be respected again as a military and as a country, and it starts from the top. The leader has to be respected. I know all of those people. I know President Xi of China. I know President Putin of Russia. I know Kim Jong Un of North Korea. I know every one of them.

And they're not going to play games with us.

Well, I know a lot, and I know a lot about business, but I know a lot about that industry. And they're going to be going to all-electric cars. They're all going to be made in China. There won't be an auto industry left. If she wins this election, there will be no auto industry left. It's all going to be gone.

If you take a look 50 years ago, 40 years ago, they've lost 50% of their industry. They're going to lose a lot more. They want to make all-electric cars now. It's not going to work. First of all, they don't go far. They're more expensive, and they happen to be made mostly in China. And they have the material to make them.

We don't. We have a thing called gasoline. We have oil. We have -- under our ground, I call it liquid gold. We have more liquid gold than anybody, including Saudi Arabia, including Russia. And we want to make gasoline-propelled cars. We want to make hybrids. We want to make electric cars also, but not all-electric cars.

When he agreed to that -- look, I think that most of the United Auto Workers are going to be voting for Trump. I'm going to bring back factories into this country, and they're going to all have great jobs making cars of all types, including electric.

Thank you very much. Thank you very much.