Hi, John.

How are you? Donald Trump. Nice to be with you.

Absolutely, John. Good.

Oh, that's OK. Don't worry about it.

Right.

We're going to start immediately, the first thing. Second is drill, baby, drill. But the first is close the border, and all you have to do is close the border. And they don't need bills and all the other nonsense they've been talking about. In the meantime, they're flying people in in big jet planes.

Big commercial jet planes, they're flying them in. You say the border is closed, the president says the border is closed. Now, you have to remember two things. I had the best border in history -- in recorded history. It was closed. When I left, I had the best border. All they had to do was keep it going the way it was.

We had Remain in Mexico. We had all things that nobody said you could get. We had the single best numbers, the best of everything. You know the famous chart that I looked to the right, and that was the chart. I love that chart. But that showed the best as I left office. Now, in the meantime, what they've done is unbelievable.

They've let people in at numbers that nobody's ever seen. Twenty-one million people, including 13,099 murderers, drug dealers, criminals, gang members, coming into our country. Those people will be taken out immediately. It's called deportation. They'll be taken out immediately. It will be the largest deportation.

Nobody wants that, but we have no choice. These are criminals they've let in. They've let in numbers of criminals that nobody's ever seen. And the number of people they've occupied, Springfield, Mass -- Springfield, Ohio, Aurora. If you look at Aurora in Colorado, what's happened, the Venezuelans have taken it -- literally taken over buildings in Aurora with weapons that even our military doesn't have. What's happened --

Yeah. Yeah. And they're all over the place. And, frankly, cities that haven't been infected -- and I use that word very openly -- that haven't been affected by this violence yet, they're petrified because it's coming to them also. These are the -- this is a Venezuelan gang. It's one of the toughest gangs in the world.

And it's not as bad as MS-13, which is now coming in. I took them out by the thousands. We have ICE. By the way, she wants to -- she wants to abolish ICE. ICE are -- these are incredible. They happen to be tough, John. I hate to say it because they have to be. But they're incredible patriots. You don't want that job.

I don't want it either, but they are tough, strong guys, and they go out and they take criminals, drug lords, murderers. They bring them out or they put them in jail where they have to be. These are -- you see what's happening with our crime numbers. They're going through the roof. And other areas that I can see, you're into it because I'm into it, frankly, more than any other thing.

I think the border is a bigger issue than inflation. They say inflation is the biggest and the economy. I actually think the border. I think you may agree with me just based on the question. I think the border is a bigger issue than even the inflation, which has been record-setting and horrible.

Absolutely.

Absolutely.

Right.

How about Springfield? Hey, John, how about Springfield? It's a community of 50,000 people, and they dropped 32,000 Haitians there. And a lot of these people have very troubled pasts. And, frankly, it's a very troubled country. Thirty-two thousand in a 50,000 -- and nobody knows what to do. It's not -- it's not sustainable.

Where do they even think that a thing like this could work? Aurora is bad but many -- you have many cities that are worse than Aurora. The mayor -- the governor of Colorado, a liberal Democrat has no idea what to do. He has no idea, and they don't want to speak up because they don't want to speak up against -- about, you know, their government because the government tends to indict people.

Take a look at what happened with the mayor of New York. He said, "We can't do this," and he ends up getting investigated. And he's got a problem now.

That's right.

And they are vicious, and they're -- they're very talented criminals. And, you know, you mentioned 2016. In 2016, I ran on the border. I really did. I ran on the military. We're going to fix it. I did that. I built 571 miles of wall. I did a lot of things. But I really ran probably more on the border than anything else, and I fixed it.

It was great, and I handed it over. It was great. We had a great border. The difference is the border we have now -- what they've done to this border, they've gotten rid of every one of the things I did: Remain in Mexico; catch and release in Mexico, not in our country. Catch and release in Mexico. All of the things I did, many, many things.

They ended that.

Oh, it's done. It's done.

That's right. It's all done.

So, we're doing -- have you seen Tom -- you've seen Tom Homan. He's coming on board. They're all coming. The whole group is coming on board. Brandon Judd, these are all guys -- we had the border and the best -- I'll tell you what. I did the border. I fixed it. Now, I have to tell you, this border is 20 times worse than it was in 2016.

That's the one thing. What they've done to our country is incredible, including flying hundreds of thousands of illegal immigrants, many of which are criminals, flying them over the border in jet planes, in commercial planes that they rent, and they fly them over. It's like a purposeful destruction of our country.

Nobody can think it's good, but they try and use them to vote. That's why they're doing it. They want to use these people to vote. They're willing to destroy our country for that. And it's a -- it's so -- so shameful. It's so -- it's so terrible.

Yes. A little bit.

That's what I hear.

What?

Isn't it terrible? Isn't it terrible? John, she's so bad. You know, she destroyed your state, and I have property in that state. You know, I hate to talk about it. I have tremendous property there. And I talk about it, but it's much more -- this is much more important to me than the value of my property, to be honest with you.

I talk about -- in such a horrible way about what's happened to California. And, you know, I'm actually hurting myself by doing it because of great things there and it's such a -- the potential. You have the weather. You have the water. You have so much. You have a little thing called the ocean. You have the longest shoreline.

You have everything there, but Gavin Newscum is horrible, and she is horrible. And I heard that -- that she was the primary cause of really the failure. You know, you had more people moving out than moving in. This is the first time that's ever happened.

And you don't want that. You live there. You want to be proud of it, but you'll end up going to say something that what -- based on what you're saying now.

Good. Good. I endorse it.

Yeah. He's terrible.

He's terrible. I mean, this guy -- and, you know, they have the one thing -- $950 and less, you don't get prosecuted essentially. But they don't prosecute if they steal much more than that either. So, you know, it's like an artificial -- how about where the kids are walking into stores with a calculator so they can calculate how much they're going to steal?

This is -- and this was all done by Kamala, Kamala who's incompetent. You know, Kamala is doing some shows and making speeches that they're finding out she's not a smart person. And we had enough of that for four years with Biden. We had enough. We need somebody that's very smart. Thank you very much, you know? But we the people that can do the job.

I have no idea. I have no idea. You know, I'm doing very well with the African American vote. You know that. You've seen it. Unbelievably well with the Hispanic vote. I'm doing well with a lot of categories that, typically, a Republican wouldn't do as well. And, you know, I've always said about California, first of all, they send out like, I don't know what it is, 38 million ballots.

They send them all over the place. People -- many people get many ballots. You know that. This is no secret. They'll say, "Oh, that's so terrible to say that." Many people get many ballots. If they had an honest election in California, I think I'd win it in a landslide. I really do. I make speeches in California.

I have massive crowds of people that go. They say how do you lose it? They send them out, and they get sent back. And nobody knows what the hell is going on. It's just a mess. And you know what? They want a strong border. I don't believe the people in California want sanctuary cities. And you just asked a great question.

Who on Earth -- who on Earth would vote for this person? And she gets on a show, and she talks like a child. She doesn't talk like a person running for president. She talks like a child. And, I mean, she just did "The View," and they asked her a question. "What would you do different from Biden?" "Oh..."

Essentially, nothing. Well, what about the 325,000 kids that will probably never be seen again? They're probably dead or they're sex slaves or something. Think of that number, 325,000 people -- kids have been lost coming into our country, the border -- through the border. And everything else. We were energy-independent four years ago.

We had the best economy we ever had. We had no inflation. You know, I had no inflation.

We had the best economy with no inflation.

They say you have very little inflation now. Well, the damage has been done, you know? It's not like the damage -- you're right, exactly. The damage has been done. And then she says, "Oh, I'm doing a really good job on inflation. We have inflation down." But what she doesn't say is why does -- why didn't she do it four years ago? You know, I always have a question for them.

You just -- and I said it during the debate, you know, but of course it's all rigged, the whole thing, these -- these anchors and everybody else. It's crazy. You saw the way they attacked JD Vance, who did great by the way, and attacked me.

And we were right in all of this stuff, but they don't attack the other side. It's the craziest thing. But, you know, I have almost a question I could ask and say for every single question. Why didn't you do it four years ago? Now, they're saying we're going to do this; we're going to do that. They've actually taken a lot of my policy.

We're going to -- they started building a wall. Can you believe it? A little tiny wall, but a wall nevertheless. But they actually started building a wall. No. They've taken -- I'm going to send them a MAGA cap, I think, you know? But the question is, John, why didn't they do this four years ago? We can ask that almost every time.

I don't want to be repetitive, so I don't want to ask it. But again and again, you could say, "Why didn't you do it?" And she has no answer to it.

She will be worse than Biden.

I'm fine. If you want to go a little longer, you can.

You don't have to go.

Because I actually -- you know what this is for me? Therapy.

I'm speaking to a smart man. This is like -- some people go to a psychiatrist. I don't have time. So, this is like my therapy. No, I think -- you have a great show.

Well, that's OK.

You can go ahead. Let's go for a little longer.

Good.

Right.

You were being, huh?

Right.

Yep.

Because they used it for your favorite subject, illegal immigration. They brought in criminals and millions and millions of people. And they took money. And now, the people of North Carolina, who were really hit hard, and Georgia and Alabama and Virginia, South Carolina and Florida, those people don't have any money.

And it's the worst response to a hurricane they say in history. Worse than Katrina, which was pretty bad. But the worst response to a hurricane in the history of our country. They don't have any money. And you have the same guy that -- I mean, the same group of people. Look, Biden is incompetent. I believe she's going to go down as much worse than Biden if she ever got this thing.

I think she's more incompetent than Biden. And here's the good news. People are seeing it. You know, now that she's getting out and about a little bit, they're seeing it. And her poll numbers are going down, and we're leading by -- getting to be -- I don't want to tell people good margins because, you know, they -- they change those margins.

They change those margins fast. They're good at one thing. They're good at cheating, and they cheat. And we -- we have to have honest elections, and we have to have borders. But they've taken that money, billions of dollars, and they've used it to allow people to come in. And they're not taking care of the people in North Carolina and Georgia and all these other places.

And that's not -- I think this one coming in is maybe going to be a bigger one.

So, I used to say they're either stupid or they hate the country, but there's a third reason which is probably the -- really the one. I think they hate the country. They're not stupid because you can't cheat like that and be, you know -- and be like a dummy. I think the third reason is they are actually using it to cheat.

I think they're putting a lot of people on the voter rolls and trying to get them to vote. People that don't even speak the language, people that don't even know what country they're in, they're putting them on the voter rolls. I think that's what they're doing. And it's a disgrace, and I really believe that's got to be the reason.

Because you ask a question that most people don't ever even bring it up, why? You know, in a business, I always like to find what's the purpose of somebody wanting to buy something from me or whatever. You know, you like to know the other side. I say the same thing. Why do they want to have men and women's sports? It's so crazy, right? Why do they want to have like open borders where millions of people are allowed to come in? Why do they want this? Why do they want to have -- like why do they want to be subservient on energy? We were energy-independent.

We have energy. We don't need anybody else's oil. We have the best oil. And we have the most oil.

It is -- oh, California is crazy. You could be so rich. You have such great resources. And if you even think about putting a rig that nobody would even see -- they design them. They look like beautiful trees now. If you -- if you look -- if you even think about it, they'd put you in jail. I mean, it is crazy, and they have no money.

You know, you have another thing. You have a lot of water, but basically, you're always in a drought. You know, in -- in your richer areas like Beverly Hills and all, they want to give you a very little amount of water. You buy a house, spend a lot of money, and they say you're allowed to use 29 gallons of water.

Do you know that you have water coming in by millions and millions of gallons up from the north, and they send the water out into the Pacific Ocean? They don't let it come down. I ask that one, too.

A fish called the smelt.

Which doesn't do well. The delta smelt. And to save this little tiny fish that, by the way, is dying for a different reason. It's got no water, you know? Before, they had water. Now, it's got no water. So, it's dying anyway. But to save the delta smelt, which is not an important fish and, by the way, is in other areas, too.

But for that, millions of gallons of water, millions and millions -- I've seen it. It's like a giant faucet. It takes all of that water coming down from way up north from the snow melts and all. It's pouring down. And that's why you have all those empty fields along the highway where you have the farming area.

You know you have the best land in the country just about, but they took the water away. And what would that do to your forest fires? You could let the water -- I mean, you have so much water, and they let it go out. And, you know, I had it all done. It was all done. The hardest part was the federal.

It was all done. Gavin Newscum refused to sign the -- it was Department of Commerce that got it done, and he refused to sign. And think of this. You have so much water, and they send it out into the Pacific Ocean, which for the Pacific Ocean is like a drop. You understand that.

One of the things I'm going to do if this works out, which it should, because we're running against a person that's grossly incompetent, worse than Biden, more incompetent than Biden -- and I didn't think I could say that about almost anybody. Would you believe, a major party. But -- but one of the things I'm going to do is I'm going to force that issue on water because the people of Los Angeles don't have water.

The farmers don't have water. They send the water out into the Pacific Ocean before it gets to the farmland, before it gets to Los Angeles. Way up north, it gets sent out, and I'm going to say, "Either do this or we're not going to give you a lot of different things." And they'll do it. I'm going to force that issue because I think it's a disgrace.

You know when I rode up there, I was with some great people, some incredible people and some Congressmen. And I said, "Why is this land so barren up here?" Oh, and, you know, it's interesting because they have then a little spot like you have a 500-acre piece of land, and about one acre or two acres was the greenest green I've ever seen.

I said, "What is that?" Well, that's the only land that they're allowed to farm. Why? Because they don't have any water. I said, "Do you have a drought?" "No, we don't have a drought, but they don't allow the water to come." They almost talked about it like it was normal. It's gone on for many, many -- for decades, I guess. That issue has to be forced.

Yeah. No, you're allowed to have, I think, at one point, it was 29 gallons, you know? You're allowed -- now, it sounds like a lot, 29 gallons, but it's not. It's -- it's -- it's a very quick shower actually. So, it's -- it's crazy. It's crazy. No. I -- you know, I've heard about you for a long time. Now, I -- I must say I've enjoyed this call.

I've enjoyed this call. Now, the bad part is why do they do it? You asked the one question, why would they do that? Why wouldn't they let the water come down to Los Angeles, OK? Why wouldn't they let the farmers have the water? You could even trickle it on to your -- your horrible forest fires all the time.

You have more forest fires than any place on Earth. You know -- and you know one of the reasons? It's dead bone-dry. It's -- it's actually artificially dry because you're not allowing water to get there. You know, water that has gone there for a million years, you're not allowed -- you actually have -- as you know, you have pipes and different, you know, methods of actually getting --years ago, they had a very good system.

But these radical-left lunatics have ended it. So, Kamala is running. She destroyed San Francisco. She helped destroy the state of California, and she wants to destroy America. And I'd love to give -- you know, I'm going to the valley. We're going to have a lot of people by the way. You're going to have 100,000 --

It's because -- yeah. Because we're going to have -- I know the state. I also know that this movement, Make America Great Again, it's a pretty nice term, right, MAGA. And what does it -- you know, when Biden says, "We will stop MAGA." I said, "Does he know what it means?" It called Make America Great Again.

Anyway, we have a lot of support in California, and I felt I owed it to them. I have had so many people, plus it's a great location. The gentleman that has the land -- that owns the land for a long time, he really -- it's a great piece of land. It's beautiful. Great --

And yeah. He really wanted to do it. He's a great gentleman, and he wanted to do it. And we're going to be there. You know, we had 100,000 people the other day in Butler in Pennsylvania with Corey, the great firefighter who lost his life.

Nervous is not a good word, but, you know, I -- I watch out. But, you know, it is what it is. Look, it's a dangerous business. Being president is a dangerous business. You know, a race car driver, one-tenth of one percent don't make it. Bull riders, it's about the same thing, one-tenth of one percent.

Presidents, what is it? Five or six percent. It's a dangerous profession. I never thought about it too much before I did it. But you know what? It's an honor to do it. I wouldn't have changed. I had somebody looking over me because, you know, that was a -- that was a long shot to -- to have made that, it was a pretty close distance.

People said it was like the equivalent of a one-foot putt if you were a golfer. So, I made a turn to the right on an immigration chart. That was the chart. You know what I'm talking about.

The showed the best immigration --

That showed the best immigration numbers in the history -- in recorded history. Anyway, we're going to do that, and we're going to do it again. And we'll even have better numbers, and we're going to let people into our country, John, but they're going to come in legally.

Yep.

I believe -- no, we need it. We need people coming in.

Yeah.

We don't want murderers, John.

We don't want murderers. We don't want drug lords, you know?

You know, it's sort of basic.

Not that

Let them have their prisoners, please. And we're going to send them all back. You know, the prison population all over the world is way down. They're all here. They dropped the prison population.

It's not even -- it's not even believable. I think I've ruined your day.

It's not because I --

You think this is so -- it's so crazy. It's so crazy.

So, we had zero terrorists in 2019. I don't even believe that, but these numbers were done by the Border Patrol. 2019, I was very tough on this. We had zero. They put down zero. I don't know. I doubt that's correct, but, you know, I'll take it. The next year, we had 11. Now, we have thousands of terrorists coming in from all over the world.

It's -- you know, the Congo -- the Congo in Africa is now a tremendous supplier of illegal immigrants. They come from the jails of the Congo, and they're in our country. The whole thing is not believable. And you -- I'm telling you, nobody asked the question that you -- I asked it to myself, why? Why would they do this?

Maybe there's -- Maybe they're just crazy. You know, I used to say, really, they hate our country. Why would they do it? I ask that question all the time. And, you know, our people become immune to it. It's called -- they became immune to stupidity actually. But why would they do it? They're destroying our country, and why would they do that? And it's an honor to speak to you, John.

And I'll tell you. If you could be there -- if you could be there, I'd love to say hello. You know, if you could -- if you were there, but we're going to have a big deal. And it's going to be wild. And I think it'll be a -- usually a very, very friendly group of great patriots like we had this -- the other day in Butler, Pennsylvania. We had 100,000.

This Saturday, right.

Right.

And you'll probably meet -- you'll probably meet a person and get married and happily married for 50 years, right?

There's a lot of people. We call it a mixer because the people are incredible, and a lot of people meet. And they this -- they have a good time. But it's very important. I'm doing it for a slightly different reason. I'm doing it to save our country. We have to win this election. November 5th will be the most important day in the history of our country because our country is going very bad and fast.

Oh, you gave me some. I love it. This is better than anybody I could ever think about. You take care of yourself, John. Great job.

So long.