Good morning.

Well, I think having a unanimous vote was really great, and they were hoping for it. People were hoping for it because there should be no question. If you're going to win or lose, you have to win or lose at the ballot box, not in a courtroom. And it was a really well-crafted decision. People were very happy about it. Actually, all sides pretty much were respectful of it.

Well, it's the same losers. They're real losers. If they spent their time focusing on the country and making America great again, that would be a lot better than just wasting their time. I've been going through it for years, beating them for years. And it's the same voices, the same faces. They never stop.

They don't care about our country. I actually, I don't think they love our country, frankly. They love themselves or their movement, and it's a sick movement. And I'm just focused on winning an election. We have to beat Biden. He's the worst president in history. There has never been a worst president. Our borders are an embarrassment all over the world.

We have millions and millions of people coming in from jails, from mental institutions. Nobody's ever seen it. Nobody's ever seen anything like this. They're coming in from jails and prisons and mental institutions, these insane asylums. They're terrorists. I mean, you have terrorists pouring in at a level that we have not seen maybe ever.

And what they're doing to our country is incredible. They're poisoning our country. And we're going to close up our border, and we're going to deport the people. We're going to get them out because no country can sustain what we're going through right now.

Well, my focus is really, at this point, it's on Biden. We should win almost every state today. I think every state. Last night, as you know, we won with 87% of the vote. We won North Dakota, great state, with a great governor, by the way. But we really look at Biden. We think we're going to be very well-unified.

I've never seen enthusiasm. Look, I did great in the first one. I did great in the second one.

That's incorrect.

It's a lie. She knows it's a lie. Look, I have beaten by him in every poll taken for the last three months. She loses to Biden in the polls. She had one fake poll that was taken a long time ago, actually before she started on a little kick in which she was up. Nobody ever heard of the poll. Nikki Haley loses to Biden.

She will lose to Biden. The polls are saying that. And then, when you add other candidates, she loses by even more. We are winning against Biden in every single poll, and everybody knows it, whether it's the New York Times, whether it's any of the polls that have been taken over the last three months. So, she's misrepresenting that fact.

And it's fine. It's not going to matter because I think we're going to win every state tonight.

We're going after everything. Look, we have a different country than we had even two years ago. This whole migrant invasion of our country, destruction of our country. You look at what's happened to New York and Chicago. You look at what's happened to Los Angeles. We have a much different country in many ways.

But also, from a voting standpoint, people that were modestly happy three years ago are devastated right now. Their country has been invaded. They can't go to hospitals. They can't go to schools. They can't use their playgrounds for their kids. They cancel out the little leagues. I read today where little leagues are being canceled out all over the country because you have migrants living all over the parks and the fields.

Our country is a mess. And --

I think you have a much different country than you do. We're going to make a heavy play for New York. We're going to make a heavy play for Virginia states that generally don't go Republican. I think they're going to go Republican in a lot. I think they've got -- I think -- frankly, I think the Democrats have themselves a big problem.

Sure.

Yeah.

You've got to finish the problem. You had a horrible invasion that took place. It would have never happened if I was president, by the way. As you know, Iran was broke, Brian. They were broke. They had no money for Hamas, for Hezbollah. They were broke. This would have never happened. And for another reason, they wouldn't have done it to me. I guarantee you that.

They did this because they have no respect for Biden. And frankly, they got soft, and what happened here is incredible. That should never have happened. Likewise, Russia would never have attacked Ukraine. Never. You know it, everybody knows it. And that wouldn't have happened. This is all on Biden.

I do believe that, but I don't think he knows where he is, frankly. I think you could ask him a question right now, ask him the same question, I don't think he knows what to say about many subjects, actually. It's really the people that surround him. It's the fascists and the communists that surround him.

They're making the calls. They're calling the shots. He's not calling the shots.

Look, I hate seeing what's happening. Again, it would have never happened. This attack on Israel and, likewise, Israel's counterattack, which is what it is, would never have happened if I was president. And you know that, Lawrence. This would have never happened.

And it's so horrible to watch it. Because you know, if things went right in 2020, which they should have, but they didn't for some very bad and sinister reasons, this would -- all these people that are dead in Ukraine and Russia and Israel and all --

Look brilliant.

I have a lot of money. I could do what I want to do. And we're appealing that decision and we'll see how we do. But I'll tell you what, people are leaving New York. Businesses are fleeing New York because of that decision. They used the statute to go after me that was never used before.

Never used before.

I don't worry about anything. I don't worry about the money. I don't worry about money.

Well, first of all, let me speak to the people in the diner. I saw the vote. And there was 100% Trump, none for my opponent. And I love you and the diner. I will take care of you. And we're going to drill baby drill, and we're going to get prices down. Energy is going to bring it all down. We're going to get a lot of that oil.

We're going to get the oil and gas right from Texas and other places, but from Texas largely. And I just appreciate it. I saw that vote early this morning. They said -- Will said -- Will's doing a good job, by the way. Will said, "Are you for Trump," and the whole place went crazy. "What about Haley?" Nobody.

Not one person. So, all of those people in the diner, I love you.

Look, she said she'd never run against me, and she did. She said she beat Ron DeSantis in Iowa, and she didn't. She ran up, and she didn't. She misrepresents a lot of facts. She's not doing nearly well again. She's not doing very well against Biden. She shows these polls that nobody ever heard of. It's -- you got to tell the facts, you got to tell the truth.

The answer is I want everybody to come together. We're going to have a unified party because our real opponent happens to be named Biden, and he's a disaster. As I said, the worst president in our country. He's destroying our country.

So, I don't think in terms of Nikki Haley.

I'll tell you what --

I'll tell you what --

Well, there's no path for her to win, whether she likes hearing that or not. There's no path for her to win no matter what. Now, today, I should win hopefully every state. I won North Dakota last night in a landslide, 87 to practically nothing. There's no path. You just saw the vote in Texas. That was a poll.

That diner is a poll. Everybody was 100% for Trump. There is no path. What is she doing other than hurting -- other than hurting the Republican Party? Now, I have to say this. Democrats gave her a lot of money. Democrats are -- because as a certain person, Gavin Newsom said -- there is a man named Gavin Newsom, he interjected himself into this.

He said, "She's their best surrogate for the Democrats." And that's right. She lost when you had Republican primaries where Democrats were allowed to vote. And they went in large numbers to try and make me look bad, and I still won. And I won in South Carolina against her. So, look, there's no path for Nikki.

I wish Nikki the best. But she stood up and many, many times and said, "I'd never run against our president. He was a great president. I would never run." And then she ran. So, you know, those things you don't like to see. You like to see people that are truthful. With all of that being said, our party has to come together because we have to beat the Democrats, and they play dirty.

They play very dirty. And we're going to beat them. And it's going to be the greatest election, maybe even more so -- and maybe more important, I believe that November 5th is the most important day, perhaps, in our country's history. Because November 5th, we're going to hopefully get Biden out. It's going to be Election Day, November 5th, that's the most important day.

We're going to get rid of Biden, the worst president ever. And we're going to close up our borders, and we're going to drill baby drill, and we're going to have a great economy. I'm doing tax cuts. I gave the biggest tax cuts in history. They're bigger than the Reagan tax cuts, the biggest regulation cuts in history, and we'll go back to what we had.

We're the greatest economy --

In the history of our country, and we're going to have it again but in spades. It's going to be bigger and better than ever before. But we have to win this election because our country --

Can't take too much more of this.

Thank you very much. Thank you.