I endorse anything that is going to make it more difficult for people to come into our country illegally, and we're being invaded right now, and we're being invaded at a level that nobody's ever seen before. Uh, mental institutions, I mean, they're, they're being emptied out all over the world, being sent into your state, but to a lot of states, and especially through the border, and then they go out and they go throughout the country.

Uh, jails are being emptied, prisons and jails. Uh, insane asylums are being emptied. Anything that's gonna make it more difficult. You know, we had the border. We had the safest border in history. I built 571 miles of border wall. We had the safest ever. Now it's, it's the worst anywhere at any time in the history of this country or the history of any other country.

There's never been anything like what's happening. So, I'm for tough borders, which I think most of the people in Arizona are also.

If it was necessary to protect our border, absolutely. Absolutely. Without question.

So one of the biggest things, one of the biggest problems, is the price of energy, uh, the price of your air conditioning, your heating, all of these different things having to do with energy. I'll be bringing that down. I'll be bringing some states down much more than 50%. That's gonna have a huge positive impact on inflation, and it's also gonna make it really good for people.

The other thing, we have to bring interest rates down because you want to buy a home. Number one, you can't get money. Number two, you're paying 10%, 11%, 12%, but we're gonna start with drill, baby, drill. We're gonna get those prices way down. That's gonna have a huge impact. That's what started the inflation.

And now we have the worst, I think the worst, inflation anyone's ever seen in this country, and it's all because of Bide, the worst president in history, by the way.

Well, I know a lot about firing people, and I know a lot about, uh, him, to be honest with you. But right now, uh, inflation is looking really bad, you know? The numbers are going up, and I'm not sure that he's able to do it politically, if he can do. I mean, they want to get him down, but it's all artificial-based.

It's... It would be totally artificial. But with me, they're coming down. Interest rates are coming down. Energy's coming down, and it's coming way down, and we're gonna have a strong border, and that's killing us, you know? That's killing African American, Hispanic Amer- people are coming in by the millions from mental institutions and from jails, all over the world, and we're gonna end it, and we're gonna end it fast, and that's gonna have an impact too, a very big impact.

I have to do whatever is necessary to make America great again. It's very simple. It's a very simple formula I have. We have to make our country great again. We're in a failed nation. This is a failing nation right now, and it's going... It's only getting worse. If you look at energy costs, they're going up. They're skyrocketing.

Gasoline now is going up. It's gonna be over $4. In some states, it's up to $5, $6, and $7, and that's only gonna bring everything else up with it. You know? It's a very big, uh, it's a very big element of what we do when we discuss, uh, inflation. The inflation, I think, is the worst it's ever been in this country, and we're gonna bring it way down.

Well, I purposely didn't because I thought it would be a horrible thing to do. Hillary Clinton and all these people, what they did is terrible, but can you imagine you arrest jail the President of the United States's former wife? You take the former President of the United States. You arrest the wife. You put the wife in jail.

I thought it would be a terrible thing. Uh, the world is different now. They're doing things that were never done. Th- they're doing what they do in Third World countries. Uh, with my thing, I had no crime. There was no crime. There was no anything. Uh, the prosecutor never wanted to bring the case until I decided to run.

The only reason they brought the case was 'cause I ran for election. It could have been brought seven years ago. There would have been nothing to say, but nobody wanted to bring it 'cause there is no case. There was no crime. Uh, so when you ask me the question, would we do it, I'll talk to you in about three years from now. (laughs)

Well, Alvin Bragg did some very bad things. He's a service-backed ultra role DA, uh, who didn't want to bring the case. He said, "I will never bring the case." He made very strong statements. He said, "Look at the people that we're relying on for this case. This case doesn't deserve. This case should never be brought." Then as soon as I announced I'm running, he brings the case.

The man before him wouldn't bring the case. The southern district wouldn't bring the case. The Federal Election Commission wouldn't bring the case. We couldn't even have him, the judge on the case who's highly conflicted... The judge wouldn't allow the number one expert on election law to testify because we were totally innocent.

You know, it's very interesting. You have 10 major legal scholars that seem to be the ones that are favored. Every single one of them said there's a case that shouldn't have been brought, and Trump did nothing wrong.

Well, we're gonna see what happens. I'm not gonna say anything one way or the other. We're gonna see what happens, but what they did is so bad for our country. What they have done to this country, between the borders, between inflation, uh, the Afghanistan disaster when you look at what happened there, allowing Russia to go into Ukraine.

Now it's so late. I mean, what's happening to all the people, me as a people, all of those people dying. Uh, Israel would have never happened. They would have never been attacked on November 7th. All of these things would have never happened, and we would have had a much different country, but we'll turn it around, we'll make it great, and we're gonna take good care of Arizona.

We're gonna make it very, very hard for people to pour into your state. They're really hurting your state badly, and the crime, look at what's hap- happening with the crime, because people are coming in from jails and from mental institutions, and Arizona's being very badly affected, very, very badly affected.

So, we're gonna take care of it. We're gonna take care of it fast. I had the safest border in the history of our country. Now we have the unsa- I think probably the most unsafe border any, at any time, anywhere in the world. There's never been a border where they allowed 18, 19 million people to pour into our country.

And then we're gonna take care of it. We're gonna take care of Arizona, one of my favorite places. That's why I wore this tie, nice and bright for the sunshine.

It's pretty nice. I'll tell you, you have thousands of people out that can't get in.

Well, it's been a lot of fun. You know? We, we had the greatest economy in history. Uh, you got the biggest tax cuts in the history of our country. You got the biggest regulation cuts. That's how we created all of these jobs. Uh, all of the things. We rebuilt our military. And yet, I had no wars. I defeated ISIS 100%, but had no wars, and people said, "Wow, that was amazing." It was an amazing four-year period, uh, and we'll do it again.

We'll do even better.

Thanks .