Well, thank you very much, Steve. Great honor. Thank you.

Well, nobody can even believe it. There was no crime. Everything was done perfectly. The -- they came up with something through a -- really a concoction of different events. And it turned out that it's absolutely, there's no crime. If you look at Dershowitz, Alan Dershowitz and all of the great legal minds that, you know, they comment on this stuff, and you could go one after the other, there are a lot of them, everybody agrees there was no crime.

There is no crime whatsoever. And it's a terrible thing that happened with the judge, those prosecutors, Soros prosecutor who got elected on "I will get Trump."

And nothing was done wrong. You know, if you look at it, legal, they talk about the bookkeeping. We pay a legal fee to a lawyer who was an accredited lawyer, and you pay a legal fee, and they call it a legal expense. So, it's -- a legal expense is paid to a lawyer with a bill from the lawyer out in the open, and they called it in the books a legal expense.

They didn't call it construction. They didn't -- everyone says, what else would you call it? There is nothing else you could call it. And that's the crime?

And it's it's terrible. It's the weaponization and the Justice --

No. It's terrible. And the Justice Department is involved in it, even though it's local. The Justice Department's been totally involved in it, and everybody knows that. And we can't let this happen to our country. There was no crime. And every single -- it looks like every single legal genius, every single scholar, they're saying -- and people that don't necessarily even like me said this is a terrible thing that's happening to our country.

There is no crime here.

There is no crime whatsoever.

Well, I can't be concerned. I have, you know, a big campaign that's running. We're doing very well. We're leading in all the polls. Because of this rigged -- rigged situation. It was a rigged, horrible thing. As you know, you've been reading, the fundraising has been stronger than probably anybody in history.

There's never been anything like this, the money that came in. And it came in from the time that this was announced. Literally from that time till present, the numbers are just monumental. It's such an honor. And as you know, the poll numbers have been very good because people understand it. It's politics, and it's the worst form of politics.

It's a rigged -- it's election interference. That's all they're doing. They're trying to win the election with the worst candidate ever.

Biden is the worst president in the history of our country.

And he's destroying our country. Yeah, with millions of people coming in totally unchecked, unvetted with all of the things he's done, think about Afghanistan, that disaster that the press doesn't want to talk about --

The whole thing, he just -- he just can't be a worse president. And we have to win. They're trying to rig it by doing these fake cases and everything else that they're doing. And if you think about it, they want to raise your taxes times four -- by four times. They want to raise everybody's taxes. They want to let millions of people into our country.

They've already let 16 million, 17 million, 18 million in. And over the next few months, I mean, we're in big trouble over the next --

But as I just see that now --

I just see that now, Russia --

Is now -- has ships off Miami. I mean --

What's going on with that? They have ships right next to Miami in Cuba, including submarines.

What is going on here?

Right. It's been amazing to watch. And, you know, when people say, how do you take this? It's so -- I've had such support. I've never had support like this. And again, we did great in 2016. We did much better, millions of votes more in 2020. But this blows them both away, the level of support and the level of enthusiasm.

And they have no enthusiasm. I mean, the guy is a disaster. He's a disaster. The worst president in the history of our country. He's destroying our country. So, we have to win. And, you know, don't kid yourself. This five months is a very dangerous time in terms of a World War III.

In terms of a depression. He's 00 he's just a horrible -- he has no clue as to what's happening.

Right.

Well, she should apologize. She was so strident, and I'll never forget that. And, you know, like, "Oh, this was Russia, this was Russia." How about the 51 intel agents, intelligence agents? They ought to -- every one of them ought to apologize and then drop out of government. And they knew they were lying.

They knew 100% they were lying. So, it turned out that now, it turned out that this was Hunter. And everybody knew that anyway. This wasn't from Russia. They said, oh, this came -- this was made up fabricated stuff from Russia, had nothing to do -- but those 51 intel agents -- and it was right before the election.

And, you know, probably had an impact. But we had we had plenty of votes.

I mean, look, we had plenty of votes. We had so many votes. But we're going to have a lot more votes. You know, we say too big to rig, but they'll try and rig it. But we're going to have them -- I think we're cornered.

But they're bad people. They hate our country.

Well, she lied, and this was amazing because it was a tape. Her daughter, no matter where you go, you see the daughter following her. You know, they probably want to make some money with documentaries. But this was not good for her.

And she admits that it was her responsibility, that it was her failure. And I said that from day one. We said a lot of things from day one. Don't forget the unselect committee of political thugs, you know, that committee that was set up with Cheney and with Adam Kinzinger and all Democrats. Think of this.

They destroyed and they deleted all the information that they had because they had a lot of other information just like the Nancy Pelosi stuff. But Nancy Pelosi's daughter did us a big favor because she's got her mother on tape saying that it was her responsibility, which it was. She was responsible for what happened on January 6th.

Well, when you look at them, you'd say no. You know, when he was in Normandy, a lot of the soldiers refused to shake his hand. They didn't want to shake his hand. They said, he's not.-- "We're not shaking his hand. He's not our president." You saw that.

And that was loud and clear. They're not -- they're not for him, and he looked like a fool. He looked so bad -- by the way, they were 20 years older than him. They looked a lot better than he did. I don't know -- I don't know what's going to happen. I can say this. If he does make it through, which I think he will, you know, they'll -- they're going to feed him a lot of stuff.

If -- and we should do a drug test. I'd love to do a drug test beforehand.

But if he makes it through, no matter how bad -- no matter how bad he is, they'll say he was great. He was genius. You know that's what they do.

Well, you know, interestingly, they've done polling, and I do better against almost everybody. This guy does better than the Democrats that you're talking about.

Including Whitmer. He does better than them. I don't quite understand that. I'm a little surprised, but he actually polls better than all of the people that you're talking about. And -- so, they don't -- they don't want to take him off. It depends. Maybe I'm better off losing the debate. I'll make sure he stays.

I'll lose the debate on purpose. Maybe I'll do something like that, you know. But he really -- I mean, he -- it's very interesting. I've been asked this question. If he does badly, will they take him off the ticket? I don't think so. And let's say he gets through, they'll make it -- like I watched his state of the union.

And you did. And I've watched other speeches.

Every time he gets through a speech, they say what a great speech it was. They were not great.

They were not great.

So, anyway -- look. All I can do is do the best you can. You can't hold back. You have to do what you have to do.

And if they keep them good and they don't keep them -- but isn't it strange that he seems to poll better than the people that you're talking about?

I think it's remarkable, too.

We have to stick together, and we cannot let them weaponize the Justice Department, the FBI against Republicans, conservatives, Catholics. I don't know what it is with Catholics, but they're really after Catholics. And, you know, maybe you know better than I do, but something happened. And -- but they're after groups of people, Christians generally, and we have to make sure they cannot be allowed to weaponize.

And basically, the Republicans have to say, look, we've been very unified. I won quickly. I won quicker than anybody's ever won in terms of the nomination.

I won quickly, decisively. We have tremendous support, much more support than even in '20. You know, '20 was great, and '16 was great. '16, we won. '20, we got millions of more votes. We won. But we have much more support and, I think, even more enthusiasm. And I think a big factor there is we've seen -- we've seen the worst president in history.

Jimmy Carter was a genius president by comparison to Biden.