Well, thank you very much.

Well, it's not the end for him because when you control the delegates, it's never the end. I mean, there's nothing anybody can do. So, as long as he wants to continue doing this, he's going to be able to do that. It's very hard to do anything else. But I thought the worst part of the press conference was the moment during the day when he introduced Zelenskyy, and he introduced him as Vladimir Putin.

That was not good. That was unpardonable. You can't do that. You know, there are things you can do and things you can't do. That was a bad one. So, he introduced him as Putin. And then, I guess somebody started screaming at him, and he corrected as much as he can. You know, that doesn't get corrected very easily.

So, he went in there with the yips. I think he went into the press conference with the yips. Because, frankly, if he were Winston Churchill, who was not bad at press conferences, by the way, if he were Winston Churchill, his press conference wasn't going to work out too well because of what happened previous.

Well, remember he offered to do the debate, but they took everything that they wanted. They had CNN.

They had the anchors that they wanted. They had every single element of the debate that they wanted. They even wanted it sitting down. That was the only thing I said, "Look, let's stand up for a little while. That would look terrible." So -- although debates have been done sitting down and probably successfully, but I thought standing up was a better look.

The one thing he wanted was the lectern. He wanted the one on the left. And so, he got that. And I got something that I wanted, which was to go last. But it was a very interesting evening. When I -- when I walked in, I noticed he was quite pale, and I didn't really look at him very much until he started gaffing.

And he was doing some -- he was saying some bad things, meaning like words that didn't belong in the right place. Words were going into the wrong place. Lots of words, but they were not being properly placed. And that was the only time I really looked over at him. But I thought it was -- you know, look, I've been given credit for a great debate.

I don't know what happened to him. He didn't do too well. And that was the beginning of a long period of time. You know, he's had numerous chances to make up for it. They've given him many chances to make up for it. And you know, I wouldn't -- it was certainly not like the debate. I don't think he's had any moment.

You could tell me better than I would know. But I would say that they haven't been stellar. These makeups last night was not a stellar performance. Again, the gaffe he made earlier on was bad, but last night was not stellar. He called me his vice president, and he didn't do it sarcastically. By the way, if he did it sarcastically, it would have been great.

But it wasn't done sarcastically. So, he called me -- and he made quite a few other mistakes. But it wasn't like a total disaster. The debate was a disaster for him. There's no question about it. I assume he looks forward to a second debate. We're supposed to be doing a second debate in September. Oh, do the television networks look forward to that one?

But because --

Well, I think we owe it maybe to the public to do it. You know, I think you have an obligation to sort of do it. You're the Republican nominee and you're the Democrat nominee. And I think maybe to an extent, we owe it to the public to do it, if that makes sense.

But I actually was suggesting yesterday, maybe you'll have a first on this, that we go in together because I am cognitively great, perfect, and I've had tests. I do routine -- you know, whenever I do -- I just did a physical, by the way, and I came out perfectly. We'll announce those numbers soon or whatever I have to announce.

But I suggest that we go in together and do a cognitive test. We'll do cognitive tests. We'll do it together like a team.

I would do whatever they want. I'd do the test. I'd do mental acuity tests with him. I would do whatever -- whatever would be appropriate. But they have actually tests. They have scanning tests, lots of different tests. And I actually feel that anybody running for -- not age-wise. I mean, I've spoken to I deal with people that are much older than Biden.

They're 100%. You know, Biden is unusual in a way. But I've spoken to people much older than him, and they're 100%. I mean literally got 100%.

Yes.

Well, there was reporting in a rag called The Atlantic, I think they call it. And it's not a particularly good reporter -- not a particularly good magazine. And there was some reporting there that I really wanted him. I assumed it was going to be him. Who would assume differently? You know, he had the nomination, right?

So, what am I going to assume, it's going to be somebody else?

I think that in many ways she may be easier than him. And, perhaps, I'm wrong, but I've been pretty good at this stuff over the years. I think in many ways, she may be easier than Biden. But we don't think too much in terms of anyone else until he gets out. If he gets out -- I don't know that he's going to get out.

He's -- you know, he's proud. I don't know if he should be proud because he's destroyed our country, frankly. He's been the worst president in the history of our country. He's allowed close to 20 million people, and many from prisons and mental institutions and many terrorists in our country right now. There's going to be an attack 100%, and he's allowed that to happen.

We had the strongest border. Now, we have the weakest border, probably ever in any country. There's never been a country -- there's never been a border like this. But -- you know, and many other things, I don't have to go through them. But I always assumed I was going to be running against him. If it were -- I think it can only be her because I think you'd have a very big problem in the Democrat Party if it was somebody other than her.

Well, I thought George Clooney was a very disloyal because whether you like Biden or not, you know, he's been nice to Clooney. I thought he was very disloyal, backstabber, third-rate movie actor. He was a television actor who never made really a good movie. And so, he's sort of third rate, he goes -- as a movie actor.

Clark Gable, he's not. And, you know, but I thought it was a I thought it was a great act of disloyalty. And Obama hates Biden, and Biden hates Obama. We know that because that's been for a long time. You remember -- you guys remember, you're in perfect age for it. But Hillary -- Obama wanted Hillary, not Biden.

And Biden never forgot that. They hate each other. You remember when I said that Bush and Marco had a lot of problems together, and they said, "No, no, no. We get along, we get along." I said, "No, you don't get along, you don't get along." And two debates in -- and by the way, Marco is doing very well, I will tell you.

But two debates in, they started really going at it. I said, "I told you." And if you remember the famous debates, we had those great debates, the Republican debates, actually, among the greatest ever. But I said, "I told you," when they started going at it. Well, these two hate each other. There's no question about that.

And why wouldn't -- why wouldn't Biden hate? Because, you know, he really passed in a more primetime period. But I don't want to -- again, I don't want to stress age because so many people -- I know so many people who are far older than Biden, who are so amazing. I speak with Rupert Murdoch a lot. I think Rupert is 94 or 95.

So, he's substantially older. He's like 13 years older than Biden. He's 100% sharp. He's sharp as a tack.

I think it has brought people to my side. I'm shocked at it because it's so dirty and so vicious, and it's used in other third-world countries. We're sort of a third-world country, too, by the way, because of our voting and -- our voting procedures and all. You know, I had dinner last night at Mar-a-Lago with the head of Hungary, Viktor Orban, and very strong guy.

He was -- I mean, we had an amazing dinner, and we talked about the voting. And I said, "What's the difference?" "Well, our procedures are much more secure than yours." He just said that just out of the blue. He said, "Our procedures are much more strict than yours." They don't do mail-in voting. They don't do the kind of things that we do. But they have real voting.

You know, in other words, you go and you get checked, and you have identification, and we have voting. And so, Viktor would say -- Viktor is a strong guy, a great leader of that country. You know, it's a country that's doing very well. They don't have crime. They don't have, you know, much crime, very little.

And he just said, "Well, you know, our voting is so different than yours. Ours is much more secure." And I wasn't looking for that answer. That's just an answer -- and I had to smile to myself, and he's right. Many countries -- any legitimate country that has legitimate voting, it has to be more secure than ours.

When you have mail-in voting and all the crazy things that we have, there's no security there, very little. But we're like a third-world country in so many ways. And when Biden did the weaponization of the Justice Department and DAs and attorney generals -- and as you know, he sent people to those agencies to work there to get me. And when he did that, I think the people really rejected it. And I think probably it has made me more popular.

Yeah.

I'd love to do it during the convention. You know, the Republican convention is a big deal. In the old days, they used to do it that way. Now, technology makes it more difficult. I say, "No, it's supposed to make it easier." It makes it actually more difficult, if you can believe it. But I'd love to do it during the convention, which would be -- you know, or just slightly before the convention, like Monday.

I'd love to do it on Tuesday or Wednesday, actually. But for a lot of complex reasons that you people understand, pretty much don't do that. And I have some really, really good candidates, and, you know, maybe leaning one way, and that changes sometimes. You know, all of a sudden, you see something that you like or you don't like, and you lean a little bit differently.

But we have some very good -- we have a very good bench. We have a very good bench.

Yeah.

It's like a highly sophisticated version of "The Apprentice," OK --

If you think about it. And they're great people. They're really good -- I got to know them very well. I'd say four people, you know, four or five people. But I got to know them very well. Some dropped out over the course of -- they didn't -- you know, I had there were reasons why they wouldn't have done as well --

I have -- no, I'm going into great detail. But more -- ultimately, it's more of an instinct. You know, you develop an instinct. But I like to know all the facts before the instinct kicks in. The people are fantastic. Like I watched Tim Scott on television yesterday. He was fierce and great. He was great.

I watched Marco over the weekend on television. He was incredible. JD's been great. You have a man named Burgum, who's a fantastic governor in North Dakota. And, you know, it's a state that's very, very prosperous, very successful, and he's done a good job there. You have some terrific people.

Well, I think it's the most important election in the history of our country. We have an open border. That's a disaster. It's a sieve. It's an open wound. And people are coming into our country that shouldn't be here. And we cannot let this happen. And we're going to have to move them out. We'll have to deport them.

We'll be doing a large deportation. We'll have no choice. They're prisoners, they're mental institution people from mental institutions. And you can look all over the world where they've done this. They're moving them into our country. They're doing it purposely. The governments of those countries, many countries, not just South America, and their crime rates are way down.

Venezuela, their crime rate is down by 72%. Wouldn't we be nice if we had a crime rate that went -- our crime rate -- our crime rates are going up because we're taking all these prisoners and all these people from other countries. But you take a look at El Salvador, take a look at these countries. Their crime rates are way down because they're deporting their criminals, their drug dealers, and they're emptying out their jails into our country.

How stupid can we be? But I'd say with everything -- and it's so that's a tremendous problem that we have that we shouldn't have had. You know, we wouldn't have had that problem. We wouldn't have had the war in Ukraine. Think about it. You wouldn't have had Russia attacking Ukraine. There's no way he would have done it. I had a good relationship with both of them.

You would have -- it wouldn't have happened. You wouldn't have had China looking very violently at Taiwan. I don't see what's going to happen there, but it could happen. They certainly are threatening right now. But you wouldn't have that. And you wouldn't have inflation. You wouldn't have had the attack on Israel.

That would have never happened. Iran had no money. They were broke with sanctions. They were literally broke. There was no terror. I had no terror during my administration. We had no terror attacks. And now, it's like terrible what's happening. And all over the world, the whole world is exploding. And Viktor Orban actually said, "The only thing you can do is get Trump back.

He kept everything --" I kept things in order. You wouldn't have had all of these -- every one of these events, including inflation, you wouldn't have had. That was caused by stupid energy policies of this administration. It was caused by energy, the cost of energy. So, we're going to make our country great again.

We're going to have a big -- a really big week. And I think it's going to be very inspiring. I hope so. And we have to get back to business. We have to get back to running the country the way it should be. We have to stop the crime. Our cities are -- in Chicago, last week, 117 people were shot, and 17 died.

That's a war zone. That's worse than most war zones. You don't have that happening -- that's not happening in Afghanistan. That's not happening in other places that you think of being a violent country. Chicago, think of it, 117 people were shot over the weekend. Now, it was a big weekend, like, what, we're adding an extra day.

Seventeen died.

Yeah.

So, without bragging, I'm a very good golfer. You know, I've won club championships, many, many, many club championships. And I win them all the time. I still win them. I play just as good now as I did 20 years ago. That's a good sign. That's a good physical and cognitive test because golf is mental also, right?

But I've won many club championships. And he cannot win a club championship, nor can he break 100. There's no way he breaks 100. I've seen his swing. I've never seen him play, but I've seen his swing. And I've spoken to people that are near to him. And he's a terrible golfer. But he's all talk. You have to understand, he is -- when pilots go to the White House, they say -- he says, "Oh, I used to fly planes." When truckers go to the White House.

He said, "Oh, I drove a truck." Everything that -- anybody who goes there. Well, he made a challenge to the wrong guy in golf. I mean, I've offered him -- I give him 20 -- 10 aside, I said. And I'll give $1 million to his charity, but they turned me down. They said no. Now, if he was a 6-handicap, which he's not.

He said 6.2 because he wants to be nice and accurate. I don't believe he could break 150. I've watched his swing. I don't believe -- and I break 70 a lot. But I shoot in the low 70s and mid 70s, and that's what you have to do. You know, when you play -- when you win club championships, you're playing against scratch golfers.

And I often beat them. I mean, this year, I won three -- and I don't get to play very much relative to a lot of these guys. They live on the golf course, you know. So, you know, he makes a challenge. It's -- he's all talk and no action, a nasty guy. And remember, he weaponized government against me, and that's a very bad precedent to set, very, very bad, very dangerous.

Well, thank you. And you have a great show, and I appreciate it. And it's an honor to be on it. I'll see you guys soon. Thank you very much.