Well, I was honored because this pressure, they -- they play the ref. These people on the left, they are just -- you just don't know where they come from. It's hard to believe when you look at how bad they are for our country. But they're constantly playing the ref and criticizing people, hoping to get good decisions out of them.

And you see it. It's like Bobby Knight, the great basketball coach. You throw chairs. You do everything. He said, "No, no, I'm not going to get that call changed, but I'm going to get the next call changed." You know, that's what they do. They play the ref. But in this case, it didn't work. They are -- I really think that the Supreme Court should be -- it's a very proud moment for the Supreme Court.

They did the right thing. It was a strong ruling. Some people thought they may come in with a very weak ruling, and that would have been very bad for immunity for the president. You have to have immunity from a president. Otherwise, the president is going to be a figurehead. The president is not going to do the job that the president was supposed to be doing.

And you understand that probably as well as anybody, Lou. You've long been talking about this subject. And this is a very monumental ruling, very powerful ruling. And I was very proud of the Supreme Court for having the courage to do what's right.

Well, it's an honor that you say that, especially that you say that because I know where you come from. I know your knowledge. Your level of knowledge is at the top. And for you to say that is -- is very nice. And look, we need courage in this country. The country is -- is -- we're a failing nation. We are sadly and badly a failing nation right now.

We have a man that has no capability whatsoever to be president, and you saw that the other night at the debate. And, you know, he -- he's just not -- we need some -- we need greatness and -- or we're just going to be failing to a level that we're not going to have much of a country left anymore. We may not have another election again.

You know, there are those that say that if we keep going, this will be our last election. This is such an important election. This is the most important election in the history of our country. And I used to say at '16, '16 we had problems with the border, but -- and it was very bad, but it was nothing compared to what it is right now.

Right now, they're allowing millions and millions of people to come in from other countries and not just South America, and they're coming in -- think of this, they're coming in from jails and prisons, from mental institutions, insane asylums, many terrorists, levels of terrorism that we've never seen. Terrorists that we've never even imagined would be coming into this country, and they're just pouring in. Now, what's good about that?

You know, politically, what's good about that? Some people say they do it for the votes. Some people say they do it because they hate the country. Some people say they do it because they're stupid. But regardless of why they're doing it, they're destroying our country and we have to stop it. We have to stop it immediately, or we're really, really going to be -- we're already in big trouble, but we'll really be in big trouble.

So, we have to immediately close the border. And we still want people to come in, but they have to come in through the legal process, and we can do that. We want people, I want people, but we have to secure the border immediately. And that has to do with not only people. It has to do with drugs. It has to do with human trafficking, which is an all-time -- it's at an all-time high.

So, we have to immediately secure the border. We have to immediately start -- you know, the term I use is drill, baby, drill. We have more -- we have more liquid gold under our feet than any other nation, more than Saudi Arabia, more than Russia. We have to drill. We have to get our energy costs down. That's going to bring inflation down.

A lot of great things can happen. One of the things we're going to have to do is we're going to have to go to the Eisenhower. General Eisenhower -- President Eisenhower was very big on deportation of people that came in legally -- illegally.

And we're going to have to go to that. We're going to have to deport tremendous numbers of people, and we're going to start with the criminals and we're going to start with the people that come out of the mental institutions. We cannot have them in our country. It's not sustainable. It's not sustainable.

Our whole quality of life. Look at what's happening. I mean, I had lunch yesterday with a mother of a young girl who was -- who was killed by horrendous people, a 12-year-old girl, by the way. But you see that all the time now. You're seeing it all the time. We can't have it, and we're not going to have it. And we're going to bring peace and prosperity back to our country, but we're going to have to deport a lot of people.

They have people coming in by numbers. You take a look at Venezuela. Their crime rate is down 70%, 72% over a relatively short period of time. And it's not because of any other reason other than they've taken their gang leaders and their drug lords and everybody, they've moved them into the United States.

They've moved all their criminals, literally. By the time they're finished, it'll be all, like I'm surprised it's taken them that long. And that's true with many other countries, too. You look at crime rates are down all over the world. You know why they're down? Because they're sending their criminals into the United States.

And these criminals are tough, Lou. This isn't like, you know, baby stuff. These are tough, hard, vicious people. And they're coming into our country and they're destroying our country because we have a president that has a low IQ. He doesn't know what the hell he's doing. And we have to change that. And that's always tough because as soon as you bring one person -- where you make a mistake and you bring a person who's a beautiful father with a beautiful wife and beautiful children, and they make a mistake and they end up on the front page of every newspaper, and they think that all the killers, you know, all the people that have killed people are all wonderful.

So, you know, it's a very tricky -- very tricky problem, politically tricky, and a lot of traps all over the place. But we have to get the bad people. We got to get them out and we got to get them out fast. They're killing people all over the place, and you see it every single day now. You're seeing it, people getting killed by the Biden migrants.

I call them the Biden migrants, and that's exactly what they are. Nobody would have done what he's doing, nobody. The radical left, I guess, liked it. I don't even think they knew about it. I don't even think they like it. But who -- and when you think about it, who could like it? Who could like men playing in women's sports?

Who could like open borders where people are pouring in? Who could like being mandated to buy an electric vehicle that you don't want because it doesn't go far and costs too much? You know, I could go through 40 things. Who could like these things? They're not -- they're -- it's just terrible, what's happening.

So, we're going to change it all around. We're going to change it around very fast.

Well, thank you. And you are such an important voice. I don't think you know how important a voice you are. You are an important voice, Lou. And keep it going. And we'll do it again soon, but I really appreciate it. Thank you very much.