Well, very good, Ben. How are you doing?

Well, I was in North Carolina, and I got a pretty good dose because they asked me if I could help them with Elon Musk, who's a friend of mine and endorsed me. And I said, "Yeah, I think I can. What do you need?" And they said we need the Starlink, which is a big deal, because they had no communication whatsoever.

They said that there was just no FEMA. You virtually don't see anybody from FEMA. You're seeing a lot of private people going around and helping, but they can't help like FEMA could if they did it right. And they're very upset with what's happening with the federal government, as you probably have also heard. It's pretty sad, actually.

No, I think Ron is doing a good job. I see him all over television. He's all over the place. I left Florida last night, and it was starting to get nasty already. This is going to be a big one. And, you know, they're in trouble with Helene in North Carolina, Georgia, a lot of other places. And now, you look at this one coming in.

And the woman doesn't know what she's doing. I watched her. I got to watch last night, 60 Minutes. And she -- she answers questions like a child. This is not a president. She's answering questions in the most basic way and getting killed over it. And every time she does an interview, she sounds like a child. She sounds like a person with a very low IQ.

Right.

Actually, now that you're mentioning it, I think they should do a double 25th Amendment, just get them both out. Who's third on line? Because it's just terrible. This has got to be the worst administration --

Right? No, this has got to be the worst administration ever. They both don't know what the hell they're doing. And by the way, she is really blaming it on him. You know, I have some friends obviously over there in the White House. And you have a lot of friends on both sides. But I have friends -- he is so angry at her, and she's trying to distance herself.

She doesn't want anything to do with him. And, you know, he -- it was a coup to start off with, OK? So, she's not exactly thrilled with that. But I actually think -- I actually think he'd be doing as well as her. Let's see what happens. We have to see how it rounds out. But she had her honeymoon period now.

She's supposed to be doing things that, you know, you're supposed to be doing. And she's not -- she's not -- he's just doing a terrible job, and she's doing a terrible job on the storms, these hurricanes that are coming in. And they are big ones. And just totally missing in action and always doing the wrong interview at the wrong time. You got to speak to like people Ben Shapiro --

You have to speak to Ben Shapiro, not the people that she's speaking to. She's speaking to these people about teddy bears. I just -- it's just so bad. It's so sad for our country.

Well, they're the greatest cheaters, and they do cheat. And we had -- we got hit with now two hurricanes. And, you know, we were leading Florida by a lot, and I suspect that will stay that way. We have a big lead in Florida. And in North Carolina, we were leading solidly. We -- I've won it twice, and, you know, it looked like we were going to win it reasonably easily.

So there's a little bit of a, you know, purplish state, I think, because you have a -- you know, you have a governor, you have a senator, you have -- you have different things that are -- make it purple, but I had no problem with it. I did -- I've always done well. Nobody can really predict what these storms are having.

I'd like to say to you, oh, this is, you know, something that -- and I hate to say help because people are dying and they're dying. And that's more important than anything we're talking about, actually. But -- but representation is very important, and representation for the country is -- is so important.

We're going so wrong, and people are dying on a national level at all different things, including the border, etc., etc. But the storms, I can say we have a great team, we have great people. They don't cheat, and the other side does. You know, when they get ready -- I was mentioning to a group yesterday, when they're getting ready for a campaign, they start working on cheating.

Remember, they spied on my campaign long before I was even assured to be in. I mean -- and it's all documented and perfectly documented, but they spied on my campaign. It was one of the first things -- it's the first time I heard about, you know, their ways. So, we should be -- we should win. And the other thing is for whatever reason, I don't know, good, bad, or indifferent, poll numbers haven't been very accurate in me, and they tend to be low.

Like with Hillary, I was given a 3 percent chance, and then won quite easily. When you look at other poll numbers, I -- you know, I've tended to poll very low. And -- and I'm leading in every poll, I'm leading in every poll, and I'm leading all of the swing states. And, you know, there are those that say how can anybody take this, the incompetence of what they're doing with the hurricanes.

And we have another one coming. And I mean, I think Ron's going to do a very good job and maybe save them, but -- but they're not going to do anything. They're just incompetent. She is grossly incompetent. You know, Biden was incompetent. She is equally incompetent. And in a certain way, she is more incompetent.

But -- so I think that when you see the numbers, you may very well see much higher numbers. You know, with -- a lot of people say, it could be -- because they go out and they see signs. They see Trump signs on every single -- every single house, every -- all over the place. And they're saying, "You know, it just doesn't feel like it's that close to the election."

Now, I don't know, and you always have to assume -- you know, assume you're losing by one point because that's probably the best way to run, just run right till the end. You know, I've worked about 28 days in a row. I have about 29 days left, whatever it may be, 29. And I'm not taking any days off. I'm -- you know, I've just -- I just feel -- I would feel guilty if I took a day off, OK? I would feel very you -- you would also -- I know you -- your work habits are right up there, and you would, too.

But I did -- I do tend to poll much differently than the end result. If you remember the first one where I --

Was actually called 17 points down in Wisconsin, and I won it. You remember that? That was ABC, Washington Post, two real --

Yeah, two real sleazebag organizations. And they had me down two days before the election, 17 points. And I had just left. I had 35,000 people at a rally going crazy in Wisconsin. And then, I won. And I said to a pollster, "How come, John --" I said to John McLaughlin actually, Ben, "How come they could do that? Why can they do -- why don't they make it three or four points? At least they save credibility."

And he said, "No, three or four points, people vote. When you're 17 points down, people say, 'You know what, I like Trump a lot, but we're not going to vote.'" I said, "It's that way." And I never forgot it. I was 17 points down, and I ended up winning Wisconsin two days later. And a lot of -- a lot of what you see is false.

It's really -- it's really terrible. The whole system is just a terrible system actually.

I thought, from a religious standpoint, it was so beautiful. I had not been that aware. As you know, I'm not Jewish, but I grew up in a Jewish neighborhood to put it mildly with my father being a Brooklyn builder. I knew lots of Jewish people almost exclusively, if you want to know the truth. But I thought it was a beautiful -- you know, I was explained the whole thing and how it worked.

And it was very -- actually, it was very beautiful, ceremonial. And I got to meet the family, and they were great. The young brother is very close to his brother who's hopefully somewhere right now. I mean, they -- they really don't know. The sad -- it must be almost harder when they just don't know.

They're not sure whether or not he's alive or not alive. They think he is. But, you know, being alive over there now is rough stuff. And -- and before, it was rough, but now it's probably even rougher. And whatever I can do -- and you know this, whatever I can do, I'll do for them. And let's see what happens, and maybe I'll be able to help them, and hopefully it's resolved a long before that.

But I could see the family is just going through hell. It is very, very sad to see. But they were getting great backup from some very good people over there that you and I got to meet.

Yeah, number one, he wouldn't have taken Kyiv because he wouldn't have had a war. And you would have had the country just the way it is. I watched her interview, and it was a terrible interview and just a terrible, terrible interview that this person can be leading. She's a very low-intelligence person and that she could be leading this country.

It's just ridiculous. She's never going to lead the country. Now, other people around her, they're very bad people, and they're not of our persuasion. They're fascists and Marxists and lots of other things. I can say communists because a lot of people don't understand a Marxist. You know, her father is a Marxist.

And this is -- this is what it is. And our -- our policy is very simple, peace through strength. We had no wars. And I'm not an isolationist. I helped a lot of countries. I kept countries out of war. We had two countries, smaller countries. I can explain it later and I can explain who they are when we're together.

But they were fighting and they've been fighting for a thousand years, and they go back and forth. And they were going to fight again and kill tens of thousands of people. And I said, "Look, you do that, there's going to be no trade. There's going to be tariffs put on your head. There'll be no trade," and that's for both of them, etc.

, etc. And two days later, they call me up that they've made peace. I do these things -- nobody ever even heard of it. But I had -- I had no wars, think of it, during -- and I'm talking about in the world. The world was at peace. I did the Abraham Accords, which should have been filled in. I would have had every one of the slots filled in.

Biden got none. We had the four countries and four very good ones and four tough ones, and the rest was just a fill-in job. It would have taken place, we would have total peace. And I made the statement because, as you know, Iran was broke when I -- we had no terrorism. We had no attacks. We had no Hamas problems, no Hezbollah problems.

We had nothing because Iran didn't have the money to give to them because I put sanctions on, and I dealt directly. China, I said, "If you want to buy oil from Iran, that's fine. You can do -- you can go do it. But if you do that, you're not doing any business with the US, you can take your stuff out of here, and we're going to put sanctions on anything that gets through. We're going to put tariffs and everything else, every form of tax. And there are other taxes on anything you do."

They took a total pass. They were, by far, the biggest customer, plus other countries. Iran had no money. Iran was ready to make a deal. When the horror -- that horrible disgusting election took place, Biden should have made a deal. They could have made a deal. Iran was in a position. Instead, he gave them billions and billions of dollars.

He took off the sanctions that I had. He took off everything. China started buying more oil than they ever bought before. And today, Iran has $300 billion. Even -- what he even did is they -- they had a number of kidnappings, because that's what they were. He paid $6 billion, $6 billion to them. He paid $11 billion for electricity for Iraq that went to Iran.

They have so much money now. The man is a fool. He's a stupid fool. We were in a position. We could have had -- and you know what I was asking for, Ben, one very simple thing. I don't want them to have a nuclear weapon. Very simple. Everything else, you know I want them to have a great life. I want them to be rich.

I want them -- but I just didn't want them to have a nuclear weapon. I would have been able to do that very easily. But when -- when the -- Kamala and these people say about Kyiv -- and people call it Kiev and they call it Kyiv. I've always called it Kiev. And it depends on what part of the world you come from is what I finally figured out.

But when she mentions that, she's wrong for a different reason. Russia and Putin never would have attacked Ukraine ever when I was there. And I talked about it, and it was the apple of his eye. I got along with him very well, which is a good thing, not a bad thing. You know, a lot of people think that's a bad thing.

No, no, that's a great thing. But he never would have attacked, under any circumstances -- because number one, the oil prices were much lower when I was president, so he didn't have the money to attack. At $40 a barrel, he couldn't attack. At $80, 90, and $100 a barrel, he made a lot of money. So, you know, that -- but it's not even that reason.

That was the real reason, but it's not that reason. The reason he wouldn't have attacked was because of me. There is zero chance that he would have attacked. Ukraine today had the right thing happened in the election, and it did not. If the right thing happened, Ukraine today would be fully intact, the cities wouldn't be bombed, and you would have had 2 million or 3 million more people living, right now, a very nice life.

It is so sad to see. And then, I have to listen to these people say that, "Oh, Trump --" like they say Trump's soft on Russia. I'm the one that exposed the Russian pipeline, Nord Stream 2, and I terminated it. It was dead. The biggest deal they've ever done, I terminated it. Europe to Germany and all over Europe, the biggest deal they've ever done, I terminated it.

And by that, I was rough with the nations. I said, "Anybody buys oil, you're not going to have US protection. Anybody buys oil, you get no US --" they terminated the deal. It was dead, it was done. And then, this very dumb person gets into office, extraordinarily dumb person with her. And what's the first thing he did? Kills the Keystone pipeline and approves the Russian pipeline.

Well, for some reason I got to watch MSDNC, which I never watch because I don't know what happened. He was being interviewed on MSDNC, which is one of the worst, you know, really a terrible, terrible group of people. And it was like a love fest. Never asked him about that, never asked him about the other one.

You know, she had numerous, numerous problems. Never asked him about anything. And we're saying he's like a symbol for all men all over the world. It's the craziest interview I've ever seen. If that were me, it would be the greatest story in the last five years, you know, which they -- they make up stories about me.