That was a nice introduction. That was --

Thank you very much. I appreciate it.

Yeah. Let's end this show right now.

Yeah.

Right.

OK.

I think he's angry. He pretends not to be, but I think he's an angry guy. He's a nasty guy. He's got a little bit of an edge. And, you know, he's -- he's angry about a lot of things. You look at what happened with Biden and you look at what he did with Biden, he really hurt Biden because -- I'm not sure he wouldn't have imploded, anyway.

We had the debate and he was down quite a bit and they walked out and they just took it away from him. I mean, if you think about it, they stole the election from a sitting president. That's -- you know, I -- I always say coup. But the word coup, I don't think it's accurate enough. They just walked in and took it away from him.

That -- that is a legendary thing. He didn't want to give up. He's angry now. They're all angry, the Democrats, if you think. She's angry. They're -- they're both angry. But no, I watched that last week, and I think he spoke down to Black men. I thought it was terrible, the way he spoke to them. But --

No, I don't think it is. No, I don't think he does. I think people have gotten smart. And no, I don't believe he does it all. He's -- I hadn't seen him. He's changed a lot. Visually, he's changed. I'd like to say visually as opposed to from the look standpoint because, of course, looks don't matter anymore in politics, you know.

We say, "Looks don't matter. Doesn't make any different," because we want to be politically correct, but they do matter. But he's -- he's changed. His look has changed actually quite a bit. I haven't seen him in a long time.

Yeah, yeah. Well, no, but the -- the statement he just made was a couple of days ago and that's --

He looks --

Yeah. Yeah.

Yeah.

Communism.

Well, no. I mean, that's basically the view. You know, we didn't do anything.

Government did it. Somebody did it, but anybody but us.

I -- I think you don't have that many undecided voters. I think, by now, you have very strong Trump voters. I don't think you have strong -- you have strong Democrat voters, but I don't think you have strong Kamala voters. What's to vote for? I mean, take a look. She can't do an interview. She hasn't -- has she been in here to do an interview?

I don't think you'll see her. You know, I have a --

Well, that'll be interesting. So am I.

But -- I think I am. I don't know. I think -- I think so. But it'll be interesting -- it'll be interesting to see what happens today with Bret Baier. You know, Bret is two people. He can be very nice or he can be himself.

Oh, he was always --

He was always -- no, he was always nasty to me, and --

I don't think he'll be tough on her. I don't think he'll be. Fox is a very disappointing thing. During the day, Fox is just terrible, terrible. And -- but --

Well, that was good. I -- I --

I got sort of -- I got hoodwinked to -- to go on that. You know, I was supposed to make a speech in front of the Chicago Economic Club, which is a big deal, you know, which is a very prestigious place, beautiful. Everything was beautiful. And all of a sudden, I understand, I'm being interviewed by this gentleman, and he's got a reputation for -- for being about -- oh, I'd love to see him do Kamala, which -- he should do Kamala.

That would be beautiful. But he's a tough cookie, and he -- he's the chairman of Bloomberg. He's a big guy. So, all of a sudden, I'm being interviewed, and I wasn't happy about it because I found out that he is -- you know, his reputation precedes him. And -- but I decided to do it. You -- you know, you have a choice, walk out and don't do it and have a scandal or go in and do it and hopefully win or you go in and do it and you get killed, which is probably the worst.

But it was a great -- it was a great interview, actually. And he was nasty, but he wasn't overly nasty, to me. I mean, other people thought he was. I thought nasty was David Muir when he kept interrupting me during the debate and saying false things like when I said crime is way up and he said, "No, no crime is down."

I said, "You're wrong about that. Crime is up." And then two days later, it came out that crime is up.

I mean, to me, that was much nastier than this gentleman. But -- but it was -- it was really a study of business. It was a detailed study of business.

With the Bloomberg.

And people loved it.

Greatest job there is.

Right.

Right.

Right.

Yeah. Right.

Oh, it's --

Yeah, it has a huge impact. The -- the power of the Fed is, I think, pretty strong. Some people disagree with it. They think it's -- you know, it's overridden by the interest rate climate. But I think the power of the Fed is very strong. It's an interesting graph, actually.

Well, they didn't use them to help me.

And Powell, I gave him a hard time because he was raising them. And I was never a big fan of his. He was late and he was early. He was too early and too late, you know. But -- but I had the greatest economy in history. We had the greatest economy in the history of our country despite that. You know, this is another thing I can say.

Despite the fact that they weren't very high, but they were, you know, reasonably high, and despite the rates not being at zero, I had a pretty good -- I had a great -- we had a great run.

Right.

Yeah.

What do you mean by apparently?

No, it's --

It's much better that -- no, no. See, I would never say a thing like that. But you're saying -- don't -- explain what you mean. No, I don't want to put you in trouble. No, no.

I was -- I was going to -- I was going to throw it onto your shoulders apparently. Well, no, you know, you -- you could explain it because I understand

Yeah.

And do you think Black men, that's why she's not doing well?

Some people say that.

Right.

Right. Right.

Yeah.

Right.

Right.

OK.

Right.

Yeah.

They really lost it for a while, the Republicans. I mean, it went -- and -- and it started, I guess, with Barry Goldwater if you look at the charts. But I did criminal justice reform. That's a big thing. They've been trying to get it. You know, I saw a guy named Van Jones. He's not -- I don't think anybody knows who he is.

He's a commentator for CNN. And he came to see me in the White House, and he was crying.

He was crying because he -- I just -- I have -- I bring these things up because it's a lack of -- I don't know, there's something about loyalty. You have somebody with something. He came in with a fairly large group of people, mostly Black people, and he was devastated because criminal justice reform wasn't going to happen.

Obama didn't do it, and it didn't even come close. Bush didn't try. Nobody -- nobody was going to do it. And I'm the only one that could have done it. And he was with a group of people that was -- they were begging to do it. They were five votes short, and they were -- had to be conservative votes because there was nobody else left, right? And I guess you needed the 61 or 60-something, maybe 66, but 61 is a hard vote.

And he made a plea to me, Van Jones, a total sleazebag. He made a plea to me to help him and help this group of people, and they explained how, for years, they've been trying to get it and they've been unable to get it. And I said, "Well, let's take a look at it." And I studied it for a little while and spoke to them, and I say, "You know what, I'm going to help you. It's going to help the Black people, in particular. And I'm going to get it for you, guys."

And I called up five very conservative senators. And I'll never forget, one of the senators who was in charge of it, he was literally leading the charge against it. And I mean his whole career was this. He was going to stop criminal justice reform, not because he was, you know, anti-Black, just he didn't like it.

He didn't want it. And he was in the papers every day. He's fighting and fighting and winning very easily. And I helped him get elected. Without me, he wouldn't have gotten elected. I'll never forget it. I called him up. Now, he's in the heat of passion. He is fighting this all the way. Not something he would ever give up.

You couldn't -- you know, there's some things you can't. I call him up. He gets on the phone. I didn't say a word. I said hello. And he goes, " I'm giving it to you." I said, "What are you giving me?" "I'm giving you criminal justice reform. That's why you're calling, right?" I said, "It is why I'm calling."

He said, "You got me elected, I disagree with you, but I'm giving it to you." Just like that. I said, "That's one of the coolest things I've ever heard," because I also have the opposite where I got a lot of people elected -- you know, when I endorsed somebody, in history -- and I don't want to brag -- but in history -- you can get another chart on that one -- I mean, I'm like 289 and -- and almost nothing for endorsements.

And he said, "You got me elected. I wouldn't even be here if it wasn't for you." And I did. But I got a lot of people elected, and some of them forget. And I said, "That's the coolest thing." I said thank you. I said, "Do you mind if I call a couple of --" "Nope. You do whatever you want." Now, this is a guy who was the leader of the fight.

I didn't even ask. He knew what I was calling for because he knew that I was going to help Van Jones, this Van Jones guy. I was going to help him. And you'll understand why I'm being nasty to him now because what happened later is disgraceful. So, I said, "Thank you very much, Senator. I'm so happy that I did help you. I think -- I think loyalty is a great thing."

And that was the end. So, I had his vote. I then called four other guys, all of whom were against it. And I said, I'd love to have -- and they -- you know, they don't do it for a lot of presidents, but they do it for me. And I got him five votes that they needed, and criminal justice reform passed, right? Then -- and I was happy for them.

I was happy for everybody. Everybody was happy. They couldn't believe they got it done. And it was something that really the Black population wanted far more than anybody else. I've never even heard it mentioned with other people. It was mostly the Black population. And they've been fighting it for like, what, you'd say 40, 50 years, right?

So, we got it done.

Yeah. So, I got it done. I got something done. I got a lot of things done that nobody else could have gotten done. So, what happens is Van Jones and all, they have -- they call for a news conference that night. The vote was taken. They got it done. And I said to my wife, "Come on over here. This is beautiful. It's a beautiful thing to watch. Watch this. This gentleman was in my office a number of weeks ago and he needed votes and I got it done. It'll be nice to watch somebody really say something nice about your husband."

I said that to Melania. And I said, "Watch this." And they got up and they spoke. But Van Jones got up. And it was a little -- I get -- I don't get too embarrassed, you know. He got up and he thanked this one, he thanked that one. He thanked this one, this one, that one, that one. The only one he didn't thank was Donald Trump.

And I look at that sleazebag now and I say he's got bad way, bad way. I -- I looked at him. Then I saw him last night, and he was on CNN, which is dying, by the way, in the ratings because they have people like him on. And I watched him last night say how he hopes I'll be defeated and "We should defeat him. We have to fight him. He shouldn't be allowed to be --"

And I said, you know, normally, I'd say, I wish I had that vote back, but I did the right thing. But --

No.

Well --

I don't know. I don't know. All I can tell you is he was crying in my office. That's probably what you heard. Before he got it, he was crying. He was literally -- they went over to him with handkerchiefs. He was crying. Tears were pouring down his eyes before. But after, he wasn't crying, not that I know.

But -- so he didn't mention me the night of the news conference. He was leading the news conference. And I don't need it. I get mentioned plenty of times, etc., etc. But I watched last night -- it's a good place to say this, actually. It's better than writing out a truth, whatever. But I watched last night and I watched him talk about how I must be defeated. You know, I'm a bad guy or something. And --

Yeah, yeah. He said it last night. I saw him last night. I -- I don't watch CNN. Honestly, I don't watch it, but I happen to be. You know, I'm passing it and I see him on and I watched him talking about essentially negative about me. You know, what difference does it make? Nobody cares what they do. They have -- they've been fighting me for years.

And, you know, I became president. I did much better the second time than I did the first. And now, I'm doing it the third time. And if the election is not rigged, we're going to win. If it is rigged, I guess that's a different story, but we'll find out pretty soon. But -- but I watched this guy last night against me, even if he was a little against me, but he wasn't.

He was like, you know, "We have to defeat Trump. We have to defeat him." And I've watched him a little bit over the years. And every time I watch him, I say, "What a -- what a sleazebag he is, you know. What a bad guy." But I did it for Black people. I did it for -- it was -- it was purely -- the only people that told me about criminal justice reform were African Americans.

That's all. And I did it for them. I also did historically Black colleges and universities, and I got them financing. I would see the heads of colleges come down. After two years, they would come to Washington like 45, 50 people, a group. They'd always come in a big group. And I got to know them a little bit because they had to come through my office to get funding.

And after the second time, I said to him, "Why do you keep coming down here for funding? Don't they give you --" He said, "No, they make -- they make us feel like beggars." That was the term. And a couple of them I got really friends. Some of them, I still see a little bit. And I said, "What does that mean?" He said, "Every year, we come down for funding for the Black colleges and universities."

And -- and they play a great role, a very important role, in my opinion. So, I said, "So, you mean every year, you come down? "We do. We get our -- we come down together and we go and see senators and congressmen and we try seeing a president." But I got to know him. And I said, "You know, this is no way to live, where you come down." And I ended up getting them more money than they even wanted, and I got it done and I got it long term. And I said, "

Fellas, I just got this done for you, and I want to tell you a little secret, I'm unhappy about it." They said, "Why?" I said, "Because I'll probably never see you again. You'll never come down to Washington to see me." And -- and I meant it actually in a friendly way because I got used to seeing them. They were always coming down looking for money. I took care of their needs long term, more money than they wanted. I said, "

You're going to need more money than that," and I got it for him. And I think that's why Black men really like me, and I think Black women do, too. But they have a woman who is Black, although you would say she's Indian, but she is Black, but she really -- a lot of people didn't know, which is true, but --

That she's Black?

Or that she's Indian?

Yeah, I know.

No, a lot of people. Well --

Right.

Right.

Sammy.

Sammy.

Yeah, Sammy has changed.

And people change.

Yeah, I do. Oh, he could hit the ball, right?

Seriously, he was --

That's --

So, you just got that. That's pretty cool.

I never saw that.

No. Well, he didn't it say after -- yeah.

It was. But again, right after that, he -- it was over.

So, he went back.

And a real -- a real man would not have done that. And -- and I'm glad I saw that. But it really doesn't mean anything because he said it and then after that he -- he took it back.

That's right.

They deserve that.

Yeah.

I did.

No, I'm very proud of it.

Go ahead.

Go ahead. Go ahead. Go ahead.

No, not you. Not you.

Your organization is terrible.

Your organization is terrible.

Go ahead.

Quiet.

Quiet.

Go ahead.

She's asking a question. Don't be rude.

Don't be rude.

Don't be rude.

We're not going to give you a -- I'm not going to give you a question.

You are fake news.

Go ahead.

Go ahead.

But isn't that disgusting? Think of it. And that would never happen to a Democrat. But isn't that disgusting? He's a -- he's a low life, the guy, and as you know. But -- and he has his own show. He gets no ratings at all. Nobody on CNN gets ratings. But isn't that a disgusting -- you know, I'm just watching that, and isn't it a shame that people can behave that way against the president, you know? And yeah, I think I got -- I think I'm responsible for those numbers up there where they went down.

And frankly, I'm proud of it because they're -- I also am responsible for the term fake news. And that's a great term, but it's not strong enough. I think it's corrupt news is a better term, but it doesn't play as well. But they're corrupt people and disgusting people. But he is a -- he -- well, he -- he wasn't as bad as some.

I mean, in a certain way, he was louder, but he wasn't as smart as some. I mean, some are much smarter. He's not as smart.

I -- I don't know if that's the first time I've used it, but I do get credit for having -- you know, having been an originator of the term. I mean, you know, a lot of times, I come up with -- I have a very fertile mind. I come up with very good names for people.

Pocahontas.

Lots of good names. But -- but, you know, I don't know if that's the first time, but I thought of that term often and more so as I was running. You know, I -- I actually used to get great press when I was an entrepreneur. I would get very glamorous press, very beautiful press. I went -- I went the exact opposite.

And I was amazed. And I -- I really -- I really learned how corrupt it was. I didn't think of it as that corrupt because, you know, I'd do something and they'd give me credit. But no, I've -- I had a very different life, actually, when you think about it, but then I ran for president. So, 92 percent of the people that ran for president -- presidents, 92 percent were politicians and 8 percent were generals.

So, I wasn't a politician. I wasn't a general. So, I was the only one that wasn't in that group. No, there were no admirals. They were all either politicians or they were -- sort of an interesting point. Most people don't know that. Some people said that's interesting. Other people say --

Well, he was a politician.

He was -- he was a governor. There were some that were businessmen, but they were -- then ran for the Senate or they were in Congress and, you know, they went from there to the presidency. But nobody ever went right to the presidency. You know, I never ran for office. All of a sudden, I'm president. And I -- I really learned about the press early and the hard way because I went from one extreme to the other.

I got great press, and then all of a sudden, I was treated like -- by a moron like that. And I -- I really -- I fought them very hard. They're very dishonest. They're very corrupt, not all of them, but a big percentage of them. I would say in the 80s. That's a lot. That's a lot. Big percentage are very corrupt, very corrupt.

Yeah.

I don't think it's ever been like this. Yeah, I've been around it for a long time. I don't think it's ever been like this.

You know, when I started off, Patrick, I used to have a story written about me. And without fail, somebody would call after the story was written but not published, and they were called fact-checkers. "Hello, sir. We're calling about a story that we wrote about you. Is it true that you own this and is it true that you did this and that you spent X dollars? Could we check that number?" Blah, Blah, Blah.

And it would go on for a while to a point where you'd get somebody else to just do it. But they -- without fail, I'd have -- if there were any details in a story, not always, but if there were any details always -- and they were called fact-checkers. "Hello, sir. My name is Jim Smith. I'm a fact-checker for the New York Times."

And they'd check the facts of a story. And I think they at least -- at least were trying to be real. I haven't had a fact-checker call me in 30 years, you know. They don't call anymore. They used to call.

Yeah.

I think it's just long term happened and morphed into it. I don't think they said --

But I can tell you -- yeah. For me -- look, I'm the worst case because there's nobody been abused like I have. And I don't think -- although, I guess probably some, but for a shorter period of time. There's nobody for over such a long --

I'd have to think -- short term, people have been abused over one deal and they're gone or something.

But I've been -- you know, I've been doing this for a long time.

Right. And I've abused them, also, so, you know, I do that.

No.

You know, I think it's a natural instinct with me.

You know, like it would be for you --

And other people that know how to win a little bit.

No, but -- but I -- I really saw it in politics. I would tell them something and they would write the opposite. I said, "What's that all about?" I called up -- the Washington Post was treating me very bad. New York Times is probably the worst, but the -- the two of them are really bad. And I know how to deal with the press.

I'm a professional. I'm a smart guy and I know. So, I said, "Watch, I'm going to call the press in," Washington Post. I -- during my first or second year. And I said, "I'm going to call the Washington Post. I'm not going to joke. I'm not going to be cute. I'm not going to be a wise guy. I'm going to just call them in and I want to talk and I'm going to explain what a great job I've done on different things like the economy."

I had a great economy, all that. And I called them in. I was very nice. I didn't say -- like I didn't say, "Hey, how's it going?" Everything was really professional. The numbers were fantastic. Everything was perfect. And I treated them with great respect. I shook their hand, and it was over. And the next day, they wrote a horrible story, you know.

It was -- and I said, "There is no way around it." And usually, it's the liberal side. And I don't understand it really. Why wouldn't they want to have a strong border? I don't understand them. Because, you know, usually, like in business, you'll understand why somebody wants something. Why wouldn't they want to have a strong border? Why do they want to have men playing in women's sports? I watched the Olympics and two people transitioned into womanhood, two people.

They went from man to woman and they were into boxing and they beat the hell out of everyone. They won the gold medal. But weightlifting, records that held for 18 years, a quarter of an ounce on each side. You've seen me do it probably because it's so cool. I mean, weightlifting is so easy to -- you know, it's so descriptive, right? How can you be better than that? Like golf is a little bit harder because you have to sink putts.

That's different. Women can putt, but they can't lift, you know, 450 pounds over their head. And the weightlifting record that stood for 18, 19 years gets broken by 100 pounds. You know, I mean, they put like a little -- they take this --

They -- take this top of this pen. See that pen? That thing weighs like an eighth of an ounce. And they put one over here and one over there. They couldn't do it for 18 years. And a guy comes along -- it's crazy.

The what?

Why do they want an open border?

Well, why do they want an open border with no checking? In other words, there's nobody vetted, nobody checked.

And as you heard two weeks ago, the Border Patrol put out the numbers. They weren't supposed to, but they did because they had to -- because they had to -- inherently, you know, they endorsed me.

They endorsed me.

Hundred percent unanimous.

Like a massive -- a full -- they said he's the greatest in the history of -- I had the best border in the history of the country. I had the best economy in the history of the country. But you take a look at some of these stats. So, yesterday, a young woman was playing volleyball. You saw that shot? And he got hit by a -- a hard shot by a man, a man who transitioned.

She got hit in the head, she --she didn't know where she was.

Yeah. She said, "I've never seen a ball travel at that speed before." But -- but here's why -- why do they want that? I don't understand that. Usually, you understand like somebody wants something. You try and figure it out. And you could go through a lot of things. You know, why do they want transgender -- why do they want to take somebody's child, a boy, and make the boy into a girl and not tell the parents? I mean, they do this.

And at first, they said, "No, no, but that's just an exaggeration." No, it's not. It's really not.

Why do they want to -- yeah. Well, look at -- look at California, Gavin Newscum, who's one of the worst governors, but he's got a good line of stuff and he'll -- he'll tell everyone how well he's doing, but it's the first time they've ever lost more people than they gained. You know, they -- look, they have such an advantage: the beautiful ocean, the beautiful weather.

Everything is beautiful, and they run it so badly with all of the problems. They run it so -- he's a crummy governor. But -- but why -- why is it? So, yesterday -- and who would sign the bill to even present it to him? He signed a bill that you're not even allowed to ask for voter ID. In other words, it's not like you can't have voter ID.

That's terrible because everybody should have voter ID. You have ID for everything. The Democrats had big ID. You know, when they had their convention, a friend of mine couldn't get in. He said he doesn't have the proper credentials. They want voter ID. They -- they had a strong ID. They had an ID that you had to wear like a prisoner wears, you know, with the number.

It was like this big card with a picture and everything over there, tie. So, they have it for the Democrat National Convention, right, but they don't want to have it for the vote. But -- but Gavin Newscum signed a thing that was incredible. He signed a bill that if you ask somebody for identification, having to do with voting, I think you've committed a crime, OK? Now, there's only one reason that that happens, because they want to cheat.

There's no other reason. There's no conceivable other reason.

Yeah.

Because he doesn't want gas vehicles. He wants to use all-electric vehicles.

And people don't want this.

Yeah.

Well, I asked -- I asked -- I asked Elon. He takes his massive company, and he left California. I just asked him this question yesterday. I said, "When you left --" Because he's got a good thing in Texas. I said, "When you left did, Newsom -- Newscum --" I call him Newscum because I think it's a more accurate name -- "But did Gavin Newsom call and say can we talk? I want to take you out to dinner. I want you to keep your company."

He said he never called.

Number one, biggest guy. Number two, big company, very big company. But a big oil company left also, taking thousands of jobs.

But my question wasn't that -- you know, that he left for whatever. I mean, "Did anybody ever call?" He said no. I said, "Did Newscum call you at all? Did he like call and say like can we have dinner? I'd love you to stay here and we'll work out some tax benefits or something?" You know, some incentive to stay.

He said he never called. I was amazed at that. And -- and you're talking about thousands of workers --

And prestige. And having Elon is -- is --

You know, Elon endorsed me very strongly a while ago, and there's no stronger endorsement. He said that if Trump doesn't get elected, this country is going down the tubes. It might not ever survive. He said it's the most important election. I was honored, but I was -- I was amazed because I asked him two -- two days ago.

I said, "Did anybody make a play to keep you?" Now, think of it. You would if you were governor, you heard of big companies leaving. I would.

At least you're calling.

Say is there anything we can do to keep you, right?

I just spoke to Tim Cook. Can I tell you?

So, if -- I'm going to say --

Two hours ago.

He called me. I didn't call him.

And let me give you just a little -- the nice part about this long format, you can talk.

Right? It's very nice. It's something very -- as opposed to bing, bing, bing, bing. That's why long format is working.

But I just talked to him. But I believe that if Tim Cook didn't run Apple, if Steve Jobs did, it wouldn't -- maybe it would be, but it wouldn't be nearly as successful as it is now.

I think so. Because I think Tim Cook has done --

I think Tim Cook has done an amazing job. And I'm not knocking Steve Jobs. I just think that it wouldn't have been. So, I'll tell you a couple of stories. So, about second term of second year, I get a call, and they say Tim Cook's on the phone. He calls. He said, "Could I see you, sir?" And he's the head of Apple, and I was born in Queens and I said, "Oh, the head of Apple wants to see me. Let's go, I guess,"

even though I'm president, you know. Still, I was born in Queens and the head of Apple is calling. And by that time, it was the largest company in the world. You know, it's the largest --

In terms of value at that time. I don't know what it is now, but it was. So, he comes in to see me, and it was about tariffs. He said, "You know, you're charging us 25 percent --" because I was going to charge them because we're out of China. And the problem is we can't compete with Samsung because they didn't have to pay tariffs because they weren't in China and they were in South Korea.

And he said, "It's not really possible for me --" And I did waivers, you know, standard waivers. "It's not possible for me to compete with them if I have to pay a tax and they don't to get our product into the United States." I said, "I agree with you." It didn't take long. I mean, I'm -- you know, I get -- I sort of got it, right? And I said, "I'm going to give you a waiver," and I gave him a waiver, but I said, "I'm going to give you a one-year waiver, but I want you to start building your plants in the United States."

And he said, "All right." And he actually did. He built one in Texas. He would have built a lot more, but we had a thing called, you know, a change in the administration, which is so horrible, what happened, because if -- Russia would have never happened with Ukraine, October 7th would have never happened, inflation would have never happened.

Afghanistan, we would have gotten out sooner, actually, than him, but Afghanistan would have never happened as we know it. All of these things would have never -- think of the difference in this -- no inflation. We would have been so rich because we were going for the -- we would have had four to five times the production that they have right now.

You know, they lost the production and then they got it back because the whole thing was cratering because oil went up to $7, $8 a gallon. So, anyway. So, Tim Cook called. And then he -- about a year later, he called again on something else. He said, "Could I see you?" Now, most companies send in lobbyists that get paid millions and millions of dollars to talk for them, and they probably say, "We know Trump. We can talk,"

but they don't. You know, for the most part, they don't. And Tim Cook called me up directly, and he did it himself, didn't have to pay $0.10 and I gave him 100 percent of what he wanted because he was right. I mean, you can't compete with Samsung and one's paying a tax, but I said you got to gradually move your -- your company here.

But then two hours ago, three hours ago, he called me, he said, "I'd like to talk to you about something." "What?" He said, "The European Union has just fined us $15 billion." I said, "That's a lot." I know the feeling because I get fined, too, on fake cases, but I don't know if his cake is -- case is fake yet, but it's a lot.

Then on top of that, they got fined by the European Union another 2 billion. So, he's at $17 billion to $18 billion fine. I even said about Apple, "Can you pay that?" I mean, do you have that kind -- that's a lot of money. And he said something that was interesting. He said they're using that to run their enterprise, meaning Europe is their enterprise.

And I said, "That's a lot." I said, "But, Tim, I got to get elected first." But I'm not going to let them take advantage of our companies. That won't, you know, be happening. I talked about -- yesterday, I talked about something that was very important. I don't know if it got -- China was building massive plants in Mexico.

And I let them --

Massive. The biggest plants in the world.

And my friend was actually building it. It's the one right there. Oh, that's --

Guess what? They're not building it anymore. You know that, right?

Do you know why? Because of me. And if they built that, there would be no more Detroit. Now, Detroit has been decimated over the years. But there would be no more Detroit. So, they're building massive plants in Mexico. China is building them. And they're going to make cars, sell them across the border, and destroy every automobile manufacturer, even in South Carolina and other places, Tennessee.

They're going to destroy it. You wouldn't have one automaking company. And what did I do? I said two months ago, "And if they do that, I will put a 100 or 200 or 2,000 percent tariff on these cars, and they will never enter America." And that was it. And I said that four or five times during four or five speeches.

And I met the man that's building the plants two days ago when I was in Detroit at the Economic Club of Detroit, making a speech, talking about how we're going to bring our car industry back, which is easy to do. All you have to do is the -- the proper incentives. And I mean, keeping Elon would have been easy to do, frankly, but nobody ever went to see him.

No, I just don't think Steve Jobs would have been as good as -- as Tim.

Right. Right. That's right.

He did say it.

His wife said it. His wife said it.

Well, she said, "I watched somebody on The Phil Donahue Show." She said, "I watched a man on television, a young man on television." I have the letter. It's the most beautiful letter. He said, "My wife just told me you'll be president," because I knew him a little bit. And I said, "That's interesting. I'll have to think about that."

But it was very nice, actually. But no, she said it. But go ahead, please.

But before I do that --

So, let me just say, already tariffs because, to me, I think it's the most beautiful word in the dictionary, more beautiful than love, more beautiful than any word I know, tariff. It will make our country extremely wealthy again because, right now, we're poor, we're broke. It'll make our country wealthy again.

And it's the most powerful word there is. OK. So, just by the mere mention of the fact that I am going to put 100 to 200 percent tariffs on every car coming out of that factory that you just put, that car plant that's being built -- actually started and stopped. The fact that I mentioned it, I said to the man the other day -- because I told him -- you know, this started.

I want to see a great car plant. He's the best in the world at building the biggest, and he said, "I'll have to take you to Mexico." I said, "You got to be kidding. I want to see in the United States." He said, "We don't build them in the United States. We build them in Mexico and China and all over, but not --" That's because we're stupid, OK? We have -- and yet, we sell them.

They -- all that product would be sold in the United States. So, I said, "Are you building it now?" "Yes, we're just starting." This was a year ago, let's say, and it's the biggest in the world. I think he said two of them actually, but the biggest in the world. Anyway, I hadn't seen him. He's a great guy.

All he does is plants. If you said build an apartment, he wouldn't know how to build it. I mean, all he does, he does, you know, tremendous new big plants. I saw him the other day when I made a speech at the Detroit, really, economic summit -- it was great -- on cars. And I see him in the audience, and I see him afterwards.

And I say, "Could I ask you, how is the big plants coming?" "Oh, they stopped construction." I said, "Really, they did? Why? Tell me why?" "Because they think you're going to be elected. And if you get elected, you're going to put 100 percent tariff or 200. You even said 200. They said if Trump gets elected, we're not going to spend billions of dollars building plants in Mexico."

I saved Detroit, what's left of it. Don't forget, Detroit can make a great renaissance with me. With her, she doesn't even know what -- you and I are talking about stuff right now. She would have no idea what we're talking about. You get it really good. You get it better than almost anybody. Even when I spoke at Bloomberg the other day, he wasn't a tariff guy.

I said, "Well, you got to be a tariff guy because if tariffs don't work, our --"

Our country is broke.

But just think of it. The -- the fact that I said I'm going to put tariffs --

On all of those cars that are coming out of that plant. That's a big plant. That's maybe one of the biggest in the world, right? Now, those cars were going to come all into the United States. If they come into the United States, that means there's not going to be any room -- that makes more than Detroit makes, OK, than everybody.

So, that would mean that our car industry is wiped out. I hope that the union workers, the autoworkers understand that I saved their jobs because in a year and a half, when that thing open, you wouldn't have one car being made in the Midwest or anyplace else in this country. So, because of Donald Trump -- and he said that.

He said, "Because of you, construction is totally stopped. They're absolutely -- they gave up on the job." Now, if I didn't get elected, they'll be building that sucker.

You -- you watch.

Hopefully, that won't happen.

Yeah.

Right. Right.

They wanted to make a deal.

They had to make a deal.

Chart -- can you send me that chart? Look at that.

They wanted to make a deal. I'm not looking to hurt Iran. They wanted to make a deal because I told China, "If you buy one barrel of oil, one, you're not ever doing business in the United States again." They said, "We'll pass," to Iran. They passed. Nobody was buying from --

Different strategies. It all depends. Very fertile mind. Different strategies. But -- but they're very close to having a nuclear weapon. You have to understand, I didn't want much. All I wanted is you can never have a nuclear weapon. I didn't want much. I wanted Iran to be very successful. I just don't want them to have a nuclear weapon.

Because that's the real threat. The real threat isn't global warming. The real threat is -- threat is nuclear warming, OK? That's the real warming because, you know, I'm the one that rebuilt our military. I rebuilt the whole military. And part of what I rebuilt is the nuclear. And I hated to do it, but we had to because China has it, Russia has it, you know, etc.

But I know more about nuclear than anybody because -- and I can just only tell you this. The power is obliteration, OK? It's not -- I always say it's not two army tanks running around each other.

I don't --

I would like to see Iran be very successful. The only thing is they can't have a nuclear weapon. That's it.

Look, we -- yeah. We can't get totally involved in all that. You know, I mean, we're --

We can't run ourselves. Let's face it.

Patrick, we can't run ourselves.

When I handed it over, I told them, "Right now, make a deal with Iran. They'll do anything." They want to make a deal with me. They wanted -- had that election not been rigged and stolen, I will tell you, right now, we would have no problems anywhere in the world. You know, Viktor Orban, you know he's a very tough guy and a very smart guy.

And he's -- you know, some of the European countries don't like him because he's, you know, smart.

And they -- they do things that aren't so smart. But he said -- they said what's happening? The whole world is blowing up now, the Middle East, Russia, Ukraine. I mean, now, all of a sudden, you know -- I mean, it's getting really bad over there. I'll tell you, the Russia-Ukraine getting really bad. You could have World War III, and we have two people, her and him, and she's not as smart as Biden.

Biden, believe it or not -- and this is a very small group of people fit into this category -- he's smarter than she is, OK? You have a problem. And even the three or four months left, that's a lot of months. That's a lot of time left. You could have World War III before I would take office, even if I were --

This country is in -- the world is in grave danger. But you know what Viktor Orban said? He said, "If Trump comes back in, everything is solved. He said, "When he ran it, we had no wars, we had no problems." Now, he used the term they were afraid of Trump. I don't want to use that term because it's like -- but they were. They were afraid of me. They didn't know what the hell I was going to do. And that included Russia. Don't forget, they always said, "

Oh, I'm so close to Putin." I had a good relationship with Putin. I had a good relationship with President Xi. But what did I do to Putin? I ended the pipeline going to Germany and all over Europe. The biggest job they've ever had is the pipeline going all over the -- all over Europe. I terminated it. Think of it. Do you think that's a good relationship? No. Putin said, "

You know, I'd hate to see you if you were angry at us." You understand? But what did I do? First, earlier -- earlier -- and then you go, "Well, Trump was in the pocket of Russia." Trump was in the pocket. I ended the biggest job they've ever done, a job that made more money. Biden comes in, and what does he do? He approves it.

He lets it go forward. It was dead. It was never going to happen. He let -- and what else did he do? He took the Keystone Pipeline, which was our pipeline, which should have been approved, and he terminated it just before construction was started.

Are you Iranian of -- from heritage?

I did.

You know why they were there? They were so nice. I met -- they said -- the Assyrians, they said, "Could you give us a shoutout?" "I said, "Who are you?" I didn't know. They said, "We're Assyrians." I said, "What does that mean?" But they were really nice people, and I said -- I think I mispronounced it, but I said it.

Yeah.

Yeah.

I think the world --

I think the world is going to behave and I think I will settle Russia-Ukraine while I'm president-elect.

While I'm president-elect.

You need that credibility.

While I'm president-elect, I will settle it. You know, I met with Zelenskyy the other day. I have a good relationship with Putin and with Zelenskyy.

Well, look, this is a war that should have never happened. You have millions of people that are dead, much more than you're reading about. You know, when you see these -- I was amazed at how big -- I'm in the real estate business, to put it mildly.

So, I know buildings. Those buildings were massive. You know, they were long rather than tall. They were 12 to 15 stories high, but they went, like, for blocks. They were massive buildings. Rockets were hitting the buildings. They were collapsing. A lot of people were killed. You hear two people were injured.

No, no. Many people were killed. That war is much more deadly than they're telling you. It has to be settled. But here's the problem. It should have never happened. If I were president, that war would have never happened. Putin would have never done it. The war would have never happened.

Without even a settlement -- without even a settlement.

I'd like to be able to do it.

Well, that depends. A lot is happening right now.

We have to see what happens.

That one is a very interesting one, and it's become more interesting because Israel didn't listen to Biden and -- and her and did what they wanted to do and they put themselves in a pretty strong position. I mean, let's face it. Who would have thought this was going to happen? Everybody was very afraid of Iran.

They're less afraid of Iran now. What they did to Hezbollah and Hamas if you take a look at --

No. I mean, no.

The whole thing with the pagers --

It was from the pagers that -- because those were your leaders. I mean, those were the leaders.

It was like 2,000 or 3,000, wiped out.

Almost like --

So, it's a different -- you know, it's a different story, but only because Bibi did not listen to Biden. Biden wanted everything to just sort of --

Foment. They wouldn't listen to him.

Which tells you -- do I what?

Yeah. Oh, he'll listen to me, 100 percent.

Hundred percent. Don't forget, I got them more than -- and not because -- this isn't the reason, but I got them Golan Heights. They've been trying to get it for as long as they were around. I got him Golan Heights. They wanted -- they -- planes would fly in every year to try and figure it out. I got him Golan Heights.

But more importantly than that, I ended the Iran nuclear deal, which was -- Bibi fought like hell to have it. Remember that? Fought like hell. Came in to see Obama, fought. And I also got him -- very important, I -- I helped them with their military, everything else, but I got him Jerusalem, capital.

I got him Jerusalem. Not only did I get it for him, I built the embassy. I didn't just say that. I got it built, and I built it for peanuts, too. I didn't spend $2 billion. I built it for --

Yeah.

No. As you said, does that mean you made 1.7 billion?

OK.

Hundred percent.

So, my problem was I was never -- I mean, I was in Washington, they say -- the fake news said this, so -- but let's assume it's true for a change -- 17 times. I was there 17 times. I never stayed over. So, I was not a Washington person. I didn't know people in Washington.

When I became -- yeah, when I became president.

In other words, I ran for president, I was only in Washington 17 times. And most of it was I was building a hotel, a beautiful hotel that I sold. It's now the Waldorf Astoria. And I built, I did a great job, sold it, made some money, and it was -- it was great. But that was most of the time. I was only there -- think of it.

I was only there, that's it, right? That's a beautiful job and a great location. That -- oh, maybe I shouldn't have sold it.

No, I'm looking at it, I'm saying, huh?

No, I did a great job with it. My whole family did: Ivanka and Don and everybody and Eric. Eric did a fantastic job. But anyway, I built that. But -- so I was --

Seventeen days total. Never stayed over. OK. But that's what they say, but it's about right. In other words, I wasn't a Washington person. So, all of a sudden, I'm president. I landed on Air Force One. You never saw so many motorcycles and cars and everything. Military marching. Everybody is marching.

I'm saying -- I said to my wife, "Oh," and we're going down Pennsylvania Avenue, and we're in the back of The Beast, you know, the world's longest army tank, right? And we're in the back of The Beast, and I look to the left and there's the building. And we're going the opposite direction of the roads.

You know, the roads are closed. On that day, you could have gone if you're -- any -- any way you want. So, we're going, and I say, "Look, there's the hotel and there's the White House." A couple of blocks further as the White House. Here's the -- I say, "Did you ever see anything so incredible? This is surreal."

I have the brand new hotel and I have the White House and I'm president. But here's the bad part. I didn't know anybody in Washington other than some politicians, and I knew them because I was a contributor, not because I was a politician because I had only done this a few months. You know, I ran and --

I am. No, I am.

Yeah, but there's a lot of people. So, what happens is I had to rely on people for advice. And largely, I got it right. You know, don't forget you only hear about like stupid people like a Bolton or I don't want to mention even Barr because he endorsed me the other day. You saw that, endorsed me strongly.

I was impressed by that. But I put people in there who I -- I made mistakes, but I made -- I got it mostly right. Great trade people. I had great trade.

Yeah.

Yeah, I get it.

I get it.

The most powerful person by far, the president. Power over everybody, power. The power is enormous.

It's -- it is. But there is a sort of a deep state, and a lot of that's people that have been there. And then there are some bad guys. There are some bad people. Then there's the radical left, which I think are more dangerous, in many ways, than the other countries. I really do. You know, guys like Shifty Adam Schiff and others.

They're bad people. They're sort of sick people, not stupid people either, by the way. Smart people.

But they're vicious, but they're very bad for our country.

Can you imagine -- well, he made up the Russia hoax.

He and Hillary.

I think it's an amorphous group. It's -- it's a group. It's not one person. It's an amorphous group of lunatics. And when they come together, they're -- they're pretty bad. But let me just say this. The president has the absolute -- if the president -- now, Biden doesn't know he's alive, so I don't think he -- I really believe they used him as a vessel, like a vessel in the night, and I -- I really believe that.

She's a little bit more dangerous because she's basically a Marxist like her father. Her father is a Marxist. You know what I don't understand, why is the father not been interviewed? I mean, nobody talks about that. If that were a Republican situation, the father would be all over the place. Where's the father? I haven't had one -- I haven't seen one article where they're looking for the father.

So, the father is a Marxist professor of economics, which is an interesting thing. Marxists and economics don't go together.

Yeah.

You want to know something.

OK. You wanted to put that on me.

I'll take it.

You know what I'll say? Yes, if we don't get what we want one, way or the other, whether it's through you, through a military, through anything you want to call, I will shut down the government.

And I am proud -- and I'll tell you what.

I am proud to shut down the government for border security, Chuck, because the people of this country don't want criminals and people that have lots of problems and drugs pouring into our country. So, I will take the mantle. I will be the one --

And by the way, how right was I? And now -- and I had the strongest border we ever had, and I used soldiers from Mexico and every other thing. You got it for nothing, zero cost. I had the strongest border. But look at that guy. Look. They're all threats to our nation. He and his group, after I was gone, opened up the border, and our country has been poisoned, OK, poisoned.

We have killers. We have murderers. We have the drug lords. We have -- we have everything. We have terrorists at numbers. Do you know in 2019, a report was done that not one terrorist was allowed in? Now, I think it's probably wrong because it's -- you know, I want to take credit for it. It was my year. And then --

Thousands. Thousands.

Yeah.

I had nothing.

I had none.

I like -- I like these charts. I must say.

I like the -- my chart the best. You know, my --

You know, I have a chart that I like better than any chart I've ever seen.

Better than any person I've ever seen.

No, no, I love these charts that you have.

Oh, yeah.

Well, I didn't have that chart, I would not be here.

We would not be having this interesting chat.

Yeah.

Right.

I saw you.

He's not so little because he's a pretty tall guy.

Well, he's very -- he's very -- he's very smart. He's a good student and all that. He goes to a great school and does really well. And he's a very nice guy. You see that. He's a very -- he's -- he's -- he doesn't mind being alone, but he's somebody that gets along with people. He loved having you that night.

I saw you. I was at a different table. I said, "Look at Barron. He's really having a good time." But you -- you're like a psychiatrist for a lot of people. I mean, this interview is now twice as long as it's supposed to be, and we talked about some really amazing things. We talked about Barron, of course.

I've got to say. He is such a -- he said, "Dad, you got to do me one favor." "What?" "You have to say hello to Patrick for me." I mean, it's cute, you know. He's 18 years old, but he's like --

No, no. He's very smart. He's very --

Well, he --

I'm not sure --

I'm not sure he's there yet. No, I'm not sure he's --

He's -- I don't think he's had a girlfriend yet. I don't think --

Yeah, I don't think so. Every once in a while, he comes in --

He's a good-looking guy.

Yeah. He's --

Yeah. Yeah.

And I have good kids. I mean, my kids are good.

Yeah.

OK.

Very interesting.

And help build America into the greatest nation in the history of the world.

Well, let me explain. So, I think I'm the only politician that ever spoke to music before, and I do that sometimes at the end of some of the rallies. That was a big rally. We had a lot of people. We have a lot of people at all the rallies. I had 100,000 people in Butler, more than 100 -- the other day, a couple of weeks ago.

And we had -- in California just this last week, we had 107,000 people. So, we got big crowds. And sometimes, I do my final remarks with music. Now, I always get -- I don't know if emotional or angry, more angry than emotional because I don't -- you know -- and I'm not sure I want to admit emotional.

But no, I -- I tend to wait when -- when the music goes on, I tend to wait maybe 30 seconds, maybe 20 seconds. So, I mean, I don't want to spoil your thing, but I want to be honest. No, it wasn't emotion. It is sort of anger, which is, of course, an emotion. But my closings for the rallies, sometimes I play that music, and I talk about how bad we're doing, how badly -- we're doing terribly as a country.

We're a third-world nation. Look, we are a nation in decline. I mean, we are in serious decline. And now, on top of it, they're allowing all these people to come in, and it's not sustainable, etc., etc. And I go into that during this. It's a different rally -- it's a different rally speech. I used to go right from my regular speech and then the music would come on and I didn't like it.

Now, I -- the music comes on and I wait 20 or 30. So, I don't want to ruin your thing, but that's actually --

You know, I'd like to say --

I would like to say I was crying, like I said, but I didn't.

Yeah.

Yeah.

Yeah, right. The first time.

Yeah, that was --

I know.

And -- and there's nothing wrong with it.

I -- I don't personally think that the American people want to see -- especially at this point, our country is doing badly, I don't personally think they want to see a president that cries. I mean --

Oh, I know.

Yeah.

Yeah. No, I understand it. And certainly, there could be that time. Look, I'm very sad by what's happened to this country. We're not respected anymore. We're not -- we will be respected very soon. It won't take that long. But we have to fix our country. Our country is broken. This has been the worst president and vice president in history.

And now, she's, you know, running for president. And if for some reason she won -- and I believe the only reason they can win -- I -- I really believe that. I -- I don't think people would vote for her. I just don't believe it can happen. But I think -- you know, Elon Musk says it better than anybody.

He says our country is finished, essentially. He said it would be finished. Very smart guy. A lot of people say that. A lot of people say this will be our last election. You know, you've heard that, too.

It's so bad what they're doing to our country on the borders. It's so bad what they're doing with the money, the billions and billions of dollars. I think Zelenskyy is one of the greatest salesman I've ever seen. Every time he comes in, we give him $100 billion. Who else got that kind of money in history? There's never been.

And that doesn't mean I don't want to help him because I feel very badly for those people, but he should never have let that war start. That war is loser. Ukraine, remember, is not Ukraine anymore. Every city almost is knocked down to the ground. All those beautiful golden domes are laying on their side, smashed to smithereens.

There's no city. You go into the city and every building is demolished. It looks like a demolition crew went through. They've been hit by missiles. This should have been settled before it started. It could have -- it would have been so easy. If we had a president with half a brain, it would have been easy to settle.

And I'm not -- you know, everyone would say, "Oh, this is terrible. He's blaming Biden." Well, I do largely blame Biden. If you watch his words, his words were the exact opposite of what he should have been saying. He instigated that war. And he got Putin -- there's no angel in Putin. There's no angel.

But everything Biden said was wrong. That should have never happened. I'm telling you, Patrick, that war, if I were president, zero -- even Democrats admit it. And you know what, it didn't happen for four years. And it was never going to happen. And yet, I will tell you, I spoke to Putin often about it, I said, "Don't ever do it."

But Ukraine was the apple of his eye. And when he saw how incompetently the -- our country -- our country, our -- our president, our stupid generals like Milley, who's a stupid person, when he saw how incompetent we were in Afghanistan, the most embarrassing moment in the history of our country, I believe, when he looked at that, he said, "Trump is gone. These people are idiots. I'm going to go in to take the apple of my eye."

Would have never happened if I was there. And this has been very interesting being with you.

My son is right about you, very, very good.

Thank you very much.

It's a great honor. We'll do it again.

Good. Thank you very much.

Thank you.