I'm good. I'm good. We had -- just had some very good poll numbers come out as you see against this crazy person that we're running against. How she's running is just so bad, with her protection of our border. She was the border czar, and millions of people coming in. And she's running for president. It's crazy, but that's what it is. Welcome to the world of politics.

Right.

Well, thank you very much, Sid. It was a terrible day. It was a bad moment for our country. It was incredible that that could happen, but it -- it did. It did. It was a bad thing.

Yeah, whatever I can do, I'll -- I'll do. I think we have sort of an obligation to do that. I'm very disappointed with the FBI, not the people in the FBI, but the way it's being run. And it's, you know, obviously, very disappointing. And Secret Service, they were very brave. Look, they jumped on that stage, but they had some real holes when you look at -- nobody on that roof and -- and no coordination with the police.

It seems to be coming out that there was absolutely no coordination. And that's -- that's a pretty bad thing when you think of it.

A lot of bad facts are coming out.

Well, he's been disappointing. Certainly, he's been a lot of things. I mean, he seems to be focused on putting everybody on J6 in prison. He was a Christie recommendation. Chris Christie, can you believe it? And what can I tell you? You know, you take recommendations and so -- hey, we hope for the best.

That's all I can tell you. He raided Mar-a-Lago, and that turned out to be a very bad thing for him to do. We won that case, you know that, right? We won the whole documents case. And Biden should be guilty. Biden should be guilty in that case. He's a -- he should be a convicted felon because they ruled that, you know, he can't -- he's not competent to go to court, but he's supposed to be competent to be president. Think of that. Think of that one. He can't go to court, but he can be president.

Right.

Well, you really -- that was a great description. Do you mind if I just plagiarize from you? Do you mind? I can use those same words.

Because I'll tell you what, that was a very good description. Look, I want to be nice, and I'm a person that is nice. I have a lot of friends like you, but I want to be a nice person. They're trying to put me in prison. These are people -- these are animals we're dealing with. These are horrible people. They're letting millions and millions of people coming to our country and kill people.

It's happening every day, millions of people. Every day, it's happening where there's tremendous migrant crime. They come in from all over the world. They're coming in from prisons and they're -- I mean, you know what's happening. They're coming in from -- directly from prisons, saving these countries a fortune, by the way.

But think of it, mental institutions and terrorists are coming in, and they're pouring into the country. And then they say I'm not democratic, I'm not democratic, I'm a threat to democracy. They -- it's just a sound bite. You know, it means nothing to them to say it. Maybe it's the reason I was shot, who knows.

You know, it's rhetorically a terrible thing to say about somebody like me, but they say it all the time. And actually, they're the threat.

Joe Biden's incompetent. And then they took his 14 million votes, and they gave it to somebody else instead of going to a primary system that you're supposed to do. And she's more incompetent than he is, in my opinion, and she's far more radical.

But they don't really want to get away with it, you know, in the immunity decision because if they didn't have immunity, Biden would be in tremendous trouble.

With all the criminal acts that he's committed, he would be in tremendous trouble. So, he doesn't really -- that's just a -- it's typical. This is all they are, misinformation, disinformation. The last thing that Crooked Joe Biden wants to do is get rid of immunity because if he got rid of immunity, he would be spending the rest of his life fighting it out.

I mean, you know that. It's pretty amazing. So, it's just -- it's just talk. It's just sound bites. Now, the rest of it, he wants to. They want to pack the court. He doesn't want to get rid of presidential immunity because then he wouldn't have immunity. He'd retire, and anybody would be able to go after him.

So, he doesn't want to do that, but they put it out there. He'll give that up. You watch, he'll give that up. But what he does want to do is hurt the judges. And what he does want to do is pack the court. There's no question about that. They want to have -- I mean, I've heard numbers like 29 judges.

I've heard all different numbers.

They want to pack the court.

It's unbelievable.

Yep.

Yep.

And by the way, there was just another very bad attack in the UK. Now, I don't know that this has anything to do with anything that we're talking about right now, but there was a vicious violent attack that just took place just now in the UK. And terrible, terrible. What's going on is -- it's terrible. It's terrible.

I think so.

When she stood up with him, she wanted to get out of there so fast, you could see the disdain. Number one, she doesn't like Israel. Number two, she doesn't like Jewish people. You know it, I know it, everybody knows it, and nobody wants to say it. And any -- and I mean this sincerely. You know I'm running in New York.

Any -- and I think we have a good shot in New York, by the way. And Lee Zeldin's heading it up and -- the whole thing. And you're going to sort of head it up as much as you're allowed to do that stuff. But I'm running in New York. Any Jewish person that votes for Biden or a Democrat but votes for Biden, any Democrat or votes for -- and now, we have Kamala because, you know, you don't really have this yet because you still have to have a convention.

But anybody that votes for that group of people, those two people -- but now, it looks like it's going to be her because she dislikes Jewish people and Israel more than Biden did, and Biden never did anything and neither did Obama.

Never did. And, you know, the amazing thing is that the Palestinians hate them also, which is sort of interesting. I mean they've -- they've pulled off like this massive thing where everybody hates them. But frankly, any Jewish person that voted for her or him or whoever it's going to be, I assume it's going to be her, anybody that did that is -- should have their head examined. If you love Israel or if you're Jewish -- because a lot of Jewish people do not like Israel, and they happen to be in New York, you know that.

But if you are Jewish, regardless of Israel, if you're Jewish, if you vote for a Democrat, you're a fool, an absolute fool. They have let Jewish people down since Obama at levels that nobody could believe possible. You know, 15 years ago, the strongest lobby in all of Washington was Israel. It was by far the strongest.

Nobody would say anything bad about Israel. Today, it's like nobody says anything good, except Republicans, by the way. Nobody says anything good about it. So is -- a hell of a -- it's a hell of a change. I assume you know exactly what I'm saying.

Fifteen years ago, you couldn't say a bad thing.

You'd be out of office.

And today, it's almost like -- I mean, Schumer has become a Palestinian. Chuck Schumer is officially now a Palestinian.

Absolutely.

She's worse than him, and she's more radical. And look, defund the police, that's all you have to hear, defund the police. She wanted to defund the police. She was the leader of that movement. Now, she tries to pretend. She was the head of the border. She was in charge of the border, right? She was the border czar.

Now, if you look, you can't find that term anywhere. You know, they've deleted -- the fake news has deleted it largely, but she was the border czar. If there's enough -- we have plenty. She was the border czar. She presided over the worst border in the history of the world. There's never been a border like this.

There's never been a border like this for any country, and she was the border czar. Now, she tries to take it away, but she can't do that. She is far worse than Biden. Remember that.

Thank you very much, Sid. And, Sid, make sure we win New York, please, OK? You have a lot of people listening to this crazy show. You are one -- you have a lot of people. I don't even think you know it, but you have a lot of people. Will you please make sure that we win New York, OK? I'll put you in charge indirectly, all right?

Thank you. Take care of yourself.

So long, Sid.

Bye, bye.