Well, they say we're in play. And the beautiful thing about New York, you win New York, that takes their cheating out of play because they won't be able to -- well, any state that they win by cheating will more than make up for it with New York and New Jersey. So, we have great polls. We were one up in new Jersey.

We're very close in New York. You know, outside of the actual city, which now is so bad that I -- look, if I live here, I'm going to vote for the Republican no matter who. And Trump is sort of the good Republican. But, you know, Lee Zeldin is a great guy. He's totally supportive of us. He's -- if he would have been running today instead of two years ago, he would have picked up a 10-point difference.

You know, he -- he won close, but it would have been 10 points better. And I think New York is in play. I think Virginia, I think that New Mexico and Minnesota, I think there are a lot of states in play that people aren't thinking about. They're so dissatisfied with the worst president in the history of our country.

He's the worst -- look, I don't have to convince you people. You know better than me. Here's two of the people that might know better than me. He is the worst president in the history of our country without question.

Well, that wouldn't be much of a story.

Well, I won't do three, but I will say we have a lot of good people. And, you know, Lee will definitely be somewhere in here in terms of the administration. He's great. You know he's a great lawyer, too. He's actually a very -- he was fantastic on the impeachment hoax when he was a congressman. And he'll be coming with me in some form anyway at a high level.

And he's really --

Yeah. Yeah. I think -- sort of like a lot of people are in play. And I'm really a believer that you do it during the convention. You know, you really do it during the convention. I'm also, unfortunately, a believer that, historically, VPs I don't think ever have helped. I think they can hurt a little bit, but they haven't helped.

It's -- you know, you have one exciting day, and then you're back to the president is running, but you need somebody that can be good just in case, that horrible just in case, you know, that's a big situation. You have to go with it. But just in case and you need somebody that can ideally help you get the votes.

But I will say, the single most important ingredient is, will that person be a great president? That's a very important thing.

Well, until this week, she was doing incredibly well, and she got hit hard. And sometimes, you do books, and you have some guy writing a book, and you maybe don't read it as carefully. You know, you have ghostwriters, too. They help you, and they, in this case, didn't help too much. No, she's terrific. She's been a supporter of mine from day one.

She did a great job of governor as governor. And, you know, you look at South Dakota numbers, she's really done a great job. And in some form, I mean, I think -- I think she's terrific. A couple of rough stories, there's no question about it. And when explained, the dog story, you know, people -- people hear that, and people from different parts of the country probably feel a little bit differently.

But that's a tough story. And -- but she's a terrific person. She's had a -- she had a bad -- she had a bad week. We all have bad weeks. She had a bad week.

It's one of the most disgusting things that anybody has ever seen in the history of our country in terms of elections. It's third-world country. What they've done is weaponized the DOJ, the FBI, they've weaponized them. You could see it coming with these people. They are truly the ones. They are bad for democracy.

You know, they like to say a threat to democracy, they are a threat. And part of it is that we have a president that's totally, you know, incompetent. But they are so bad what they're doing with this -- this hoax. And, you know, I have a gag order where many very important parts of it, I'm not allowed because we have a totally corrupt -- we have a corrupt judge and a conflicted judge.

He's conflicted like no judge has ever been before. And the mainstream media knows exactly what I'm saying, but they try and keep it down to a minor roar. No. Highly conflicted. And this is a case that should have never been allowed. You know, Alvin Bragg, the DA, who's a terrible DA, crime is rampant. I mean, violent crime is all over the city at levels, I mean, levels that people have never seen before.

And he's got like 20 guys sitting in there, assistant DAs over absolutely what -- what Jonathan Turley, what Andy McCarthy, what Mark Levin, all your friends, what every one of them said is not a crime. There's nothing -- there's not a case. And I've been sitting there for almost four weeks in this icebox.

I call it the ice box. And in front of a judge that's so highly conflicted. He should not be allowed to be doing this trial. And it's so bad for New York. But I had two other cases, too. I had Judge Kaplan and Judge Engoron, and they should -- they should not be allowed to even serve when you see what they did.

So, I've been set up with bad judges. It's so bad for New York. It's so horrible for New York what's taking place. But this one is going on. And literally, every scholar, every legal expert, and you guys, but everybody has said that this is a case that shouldn't happen. Alvin Bragg, you know, when he originally came in, said, there's no way you have a case here.

He got angry. And then when the -- you know, they could have brought this case seven years ago. They could have brought it seven years ago, but they chose to bring it right in the middle of my campaign. Nobody's ever seen anything like it. There's no crime. I mean, Mark Levin was doing last night, his show was great.

And he was going, there is no crime, and he's giving you 15 reasons why. It's terrible. It's a terrible, terrible thing. But when you look at McCarthy and Turley and -- and Gregg Jarrett, who's fantastic, you look at all of these people and they all say the same thing. It's -- I mean, I haven't seen anybody that says it's even a case, but not --

I'm gagged where I'm not allowed to speak. Can you believe I'm gagged? They they gave me a gag order where I'm not allowed to speak about major portions of the case. It's incredible.

Well, they're trying to rig it with this. This is their new form. And remember, I have a voice. So, the truth is, my poll numbers -- you saw the New York Times poll today.

My poll numbers are -- are better than they ever were, probably better than they would have been had, you know, had this -- this horrible hoax not taken place. And it's not only here. It's -- you have Fani in Atlanta, and you have Jack -- deranged Jack Smith. He's a deranged individual. And he's got a problem in Florida because if you watch and you look at these reports, they caught them tampering with evidence.

And he's got some -- I think he's got some problems. And he always has that problems. You know, he -- he goes too far, and he gets himself into trouble. But he's got big problems here. They caught him tampering with evidence and worse. As you'd probably see. That case is .

Right.

I mean, I personally don't think so, but I've been saying that for a while. I personally don't think so. But, you know, they have --

I think at some point he goes out. I think so, but what do I know? You know, I mean, I can only say that here he is. And he was never the sharpest bulb in the room ever. And now, he's -- I -- it's so dangerous for our country. You know, we're dealing with Putin. We're dealing with President Xi of China, Kim Jong Un. We're dealing with these people that are 100%, they're at the top of their game, and they can't believe it. And this -- you know, it could lead to Third World War. This is -- we still have a little bit more than five months to go. And actually, if you really look, I guess, September, toward the end of September, Pennsylvania starts.

And so, we're really talking about a lot less than that because we really have to think in terms of that when they start. You know, in the old days, we'd have a one-day election, they would have paper ballots and would have a lot of good things. Now, we have elections that start 45 days earlier than they're supposed to, and they keep going.

They keep going until they get enough ballots. This is their form of cheating. And I have a voice, so I'm able to talk about it. And, you know, it's been -- it's never pleasant. I mean, it's never pleasant doing this, but we have to. These are fascists. But, you know, if they have a good congressman and they send him a subpoena, he might as well resign because he doesn't have a chance of -- of, you know, explaining to people to vote for him anymore.

So, I have such respect for the American public because they fed them all this nonsense. It's just garbage. You take a look at these, what they've done. Well, look at this case. Look at the way it's playing out. Again, not one legal expert says they even have a case. There's not even a crime. And it's a very sad day in America, and it's a very sad day for New York.

But you take a look at Atlanta with Fani and her lover, Wade, and you know that's a whole scam. And Jack Smith's two cases is a whole scam. The whole thing was done because they want to hit Biden's opponent, his political opponent, to see if they can get him over the line. I don't think it's going to work, I'll tell you, because you saw the crowd in new Jersey.

It may have been the largest crowd ever for a -- not just in new Jersey. I mean, it was well over 100,000 people. We expected 45,000. We had -- I mean, you guys saw the crowd.

I don't think you've ever seen a crowd like that at a political event. You know, it was a great honor.

And we had a good time.

Oh, I'd love you.

I'd love you. Well, we have a number of them. We have a lot of them coming up. We -- you know, it really begins just about now. And when you get through a couple of more months and where you're going to be doing a lot, you'll come with me. I'd love to have you guys.

Well, first of all, it's not 8 million, it's 15 million are already in the country in my opinion. And a lot of them come from prisons and jails. They come from mental institutions. And I go a step beyond that, from insane asylums. You got a lot of terrorists coming into the country. No. We're going to have to deport.

We're going to have a very large scale deportation operation, and nobody wants to do that. We have no choice. It's not sustainable by any country. There's no country that a thing like this is sustainable by. You can't -- you can't have it. I mean, I look at -- I'm in New York right now, and you see what's going on with -- with people.

They're taking up -- you don't have the use of parks, you don't have the use of schools and hospitals. It's -- the whole quality of life in our country is changing because of this. And nobody can say it's good politically. Now, of course, what they're trying to do is register people to vote because that's another form of cheating also.

There are two big forms -- are that. There are new forms that they're adding into their arsenal because they're bad at everything. Policy is no good. Look at Afghanistan, that disaster, the most embarrassing day in the history of the country. Their policy is no good. They want high -- you know, if they won, taxes are going to go up by four times, four times for middle class, but four times.

And, you know, they're no good at policy. The only thing they're really good at is cheating. And they have two new methods. And one is the weaponization, which is what I'm putting up with, and others, too. But I'm -- you know, I'm definitely -- I'm the key, there's no question about it. And then the other is having to do -- having to register voters because they're taking these people who can't speak English, who don't even know what this country is, and they're registering them and trying to get them out to vote.

And I only -- I only implore the Republicans to be tough because they don't play as tough a game, unfortunately. They're so much better on policy, so much better on so many, but they're not better when it comes to this stuff, fellas. It's a terrible thing. Terrible.

Yeah. That's true. So, he is the worst president we've ever had in the history of our country. But he's the worst president that Israel has ever had in the United States. It's not even a contest. He's a horror show. And I'm the best president that Israel has ever had. I mean, what I've done for Israel between the capital and -- and the Iran nuclear deal, by the way.

You know, let's not forget about that. That could have been the best of all, but they didn't do anything with it. You know, they could have -- they could have had a deal so fast with Iran. I would have had a deal. You know, Iran was broke when I was president. They wanted to make a deal. Now, Iran is a rich country again.

Iran has $250 billion worth of cash because of the oil, and because we give them $6 billion every time there's a hostage trade. They end up with $6 billion. We gave them $10 billion for electricity to Iraq. But they are rich. They have $250 billion in cash right now. It's a tougher negotiation by a factor of 50. But I am the best president ever, ever for Israel by far, and he's the worst president ever.

And who would -- who would think it? Who would think it?

Right. Right.

So, when he came in, he stopped the oil. And when he stopped the oil -- now, he's let it go back to where I was because, otherwise, he would have -- you'd have oil at -- you'd be paying so much for gasoline that people wouldn't even believe it. But already it's getting close to $4. And in California, it's over $7. It's creeping up very rapidly.

But he stopped the oil, and that caused the inflation very simply. And we're going to bring energy way down. Energy costs are going to be way down. And places like New England, where you have the highest energy costs, New York, where you have the highest energy costs in the whole country by far, I'll be able to cut their energy bills in half and quickly.

These people, that's what caused it, what they did with his stupid energy policies. He also made other countries rich. He made Russia so rich that they said, "Gee whiz, I'm going to go..." You know, combination of that. And Afghanistan, where Putin said, "Wow, I'm going to go and attack Ukraine now." You know, he had oil up to almost $100 a barrel.

When that happens, Putin makes his money from oil. They became rich, and they attacked. And that's what happened. It's a -- it's a sad thing. So sad to see what's happened to our country in a period of three and a half years. But we're going to make it -- we'll make it greater than ever before. You watch.

The border, we had the strongest border ever. I built 571 miles of wall. We're going to add another 200 in three weeks. It was all made, all fabricated. They sold it for $0.05 on the dollar. The wall was all fabricated. I built much more wall than I said I was going to build, but we did 571 miles. We had the strongest border in history.

We had Remain in Mexico. You couldn't come in. You had to stay in Mexico. All of these things out the window when this character came in. And look, he has no clue what he's doing, but he is surrounded by very smart fascists. And the only thing they know how to do is stay in power. That's about the only thing they're good at. But we're going to beat them big in five months.

Right.

Well, I was roasted on Comedy Central. And before I was -- long before I was president, actually, and it was not a pleasant evening, I will tell you. They roasted me. They roasted the hell out of me. But it's fun. Look, it was a good cause. Money went to charity. A lot -- a lot of good things happened. But no, I was roasted.

If you ever look at that one, you'll see what a roast is all about. But --

Well, that happens in a daily basis.

You know, I was on Whoopi's movie. She made a movie, a basketball movie or something. Could you do the movie for me? Could you do -- Joy Behar, would she -- what she would do for me, she'd do anything. All of a sudden I run for politics, and they pretend like, gee, we hate -- check out Whoopi's movie. I said, "Take me out of your movie." I did a big cameo in Whoopi's movie.

You know, it's a disgrace. They don't know what's happening.

That's a good one. That was a very good one. I was -- people loved that one.

Well, I appreciate you guys. You do a fantastic job, and we'll talk again soon. We're going to have some -- we're going to have some other talks, too. I know that.

So, thanks very much, fellas.

We'll do it. They're starting very soon. That was a big one this week. Thanks a lot. Thanks.

Bye.