We had a very good meeting, very productive meeting. And relationship is absolutely, I would say, fantastic. It's great. And I think a lot was learned, and it will all end. It'll end for everybody's benefit. And that's very important, very important thing to do. We had a very productive meeting.

Well, I learned a lot, but I think I haven't changed from the standpoint that we both want to see this end, and we both want to see a fair deal made. And it's got to be fair, and I think that'll happen at the right time. I think it's going to happen. The president wants it to end, and he wants it to end as quickly as possible.

He wants a fair transaction to take place. And I think -- I mean, right now, I'm campaigning. So, right now, I don't have much to do with it other than we're doing very well in terms of the campaign. And I've been saying that I believe if I win, we're going to have a very fair and, I think, actually rather rapid deal.

It should stop. And the president wants it to stop. And I'm sure President Putin wants it to stop. And that's a good combination. So, we want to have a fair deal for everybody.

Well, it's too early to say that. I mean, I have my own ideas, and I'm sure the president definitely has his own ideas. But it has to be fair.

Could very well happen. But I think the president said it the best. This is a war that should have never happened. It should have never happened, and it wouldn't have happened. It's a shame. But this is a war that should have never happened. And we'll get it solved. It's a complicated puzzle, very complicated puzzle, but we'll get it solved.

And people get on with their lives. Too many people dead, too many beautiful cities. I've seen those cities. They're so beautiful. And they -- you know, for -- I don't know how you can ever rebuild them the way they were. It's not possible.

I will -- it's a -- it's a beautiful country, beautiful weather, beautiful -- beautiful everything. But we have to get this over with.

But it's a war, and the president agrees, this is a war that should have never happened. OK? Thank you very much.