Yeah, he's good.

Well, if I admitted that, I think I'd lose a lot of votes. I'm not --  I'm not supposed -- I'm not supposed to --  You -- do you want a president that cries? I don't think so.  So, I'll say absolutely not.

Well, there was a lot of blood. And when I was down and bullets were flying over my head, I noticed tremendous amounts of blood. But I felt -- it's very -- you know, they talk about surreal. It wasn't surreal. I had total understanding of where I was. And the Secret Service people were very brave because they were -- I got down.

I think people were shouting maybe or whatever. But I got down pretty fast. I was always impressed with that. I got down fast. If I didn't get down that fast, that would have been a second miracle. But they were flying right over my head, and you could hear them. I didn't know you could hear bullets.

You can hear. They're whizzing by at 4,000 miles an hour or something. But I -- I think that more than anything else, they wanted me to go out by stretcher, and I didn't like that. I had a lot of people watching. I don't want that. But also -- and -- and I thought they did a great job.

Well, I don't want to go out -- I -- I felt that I was hit in the ear, and it felt like the top of the ear. It grazed my ear. But it was really bloody. And the Secret Service people and -- and rightfully thought I was hit on three or four places because there's so much blood because the ear bleeds or whatever -- they say cartilage.

A doctor at Butler said cartilage. And they say because of cartilage, the ear bleeds more than any other part of the body. There was blood all over the place, and I really thought that only was hit in the ear. So, they said, "Sir, you were hit in other locations," and they're going all over my body. They probably realize what a body this guy had, but they're going all over.

And they didn't find -- I said, "Look, I'm not going on a stretcher and I'm -- get me up." I wanted my shoes because -- no, they --

They hit me -- they hit me --

No, no. When they went down, they hit me so hard that for some reason -- I think they were going at a different angle -- both shoes were off.

It's different, but it's sort of similar, but it's sort of a little different. I haven't -- those shoes are loaded up with lots of blood. I'm not -- I'm not looking to wear them again. But, you know, they got me to the car. I thought they did a very good job. Some people say slow. I don't think slow.

They got me to the car, and I think I might have been holding them back. You know, my first instinct was to finish my speech. It's crazy, isn't it? Isn't that a crazy instinct?

I'm -- I'm pouring, but my -- but they didn't live -- that's -- that's where they put their foot down. They got me to the car. I got in. I did a little talking, not much, two very, very good people. Sean is -- is fantastic, but two very, very good people, and they got me to the hospital. It was so professional.

Everything was -- look, they had a bad moment with the building, a bad moment.

Seven, eight minutes, very quick. And the hospital was great. And I didn't realize this. I never knew they did. When a president goes to an area, they close a hospital in its entirety. It's ready for exactly this. I didn't know they did that, but they did. So, the hospital, I got there, the doctors were outside, the nurses, and no people.

They literally close it and almost like they expect this. No, it's a -- it's a genius thing, but you would never do -- who would ever think that? And I was so impressed. They got me in, and they took care of it. Butler Hospital did a fantastic job. The doctors were amazing, and also amazing on the other two gentlemen that were hurt very badly.

They thought they weren't going to live and they ended up living, and -- and I think they'll be very healthy again.

They were very, very good people, good Trump supporters, and we took good care of them. I mean, they -- they took two hard shots. They were not supposed to make it. And not only did they make it, they really came out. I think they're going to be 100 percent. But Corey didn't make it, and I felt we had an obligation to Corey to come back here and help him out.

We raised a lot of money through different things, but we raised a lot of money for the family, and they deserve it for what they've gone through. They really -- they really had a great father and great husband.

Yeah.

Well, it was amazing. The daughters, beautiful two young -- young girls, and a beautiful mother, and they're at the bottom of the plane. I get off and they're the first people I greeted and met. And I knew them from before, of course, from the -- you know, from the tragic event. But, you know, they're having a hard time, actually.

They're having a very hard time. It was so -- so crazy. The whole thing was just a crazy time. And we had to sort of come back and complete the circle, and that's what we did. Even the way I started, I sort of said like "Here we are. Let's go."

Well, she was --

She was watching it on television. She was watching it. I think she paused it for a couple of minutes and somebody called and she just ran to the television. She's -- she's great. Look, she -- she had a bigger problem. She had a problem with how does Barron take it. You know, Barron was playing tennis with his friends and somebody walked over and ran over and said, "Your father has been shot. He's been shot, Barron."

And Barron really likes his father a lot, and so does Eric, Don, Tiffany, Ivanka, the whole group. But, you know, I've been a good father to -- to the kids.

He's doing great. He's always a great student. Barron is a very good student. He's a tall student also, by the way. Pretty tall student. But he's a -- he's a great boy. And he came in, "Mom, Mom, Mom, what happened?" So -- and then they saw me get up, and then they saw the fist bump. You know, it's very interesting.

When I got up, people thought maybe he's dead because, you know, they lifted -- and they're very strong guys. They can get you up fast. But I said I'm not going to go anywhere, and I convinced them. I thought I was only hit in the ear. It's very interesting. But they got me up, and I watched, and it was dead silent, even though I was standing up and in vision because people didn't know if I was alive or not.

And then when I did the fist pump, everybody realized, and they're screaming USA, USA. It was the craziest day. It was a crazy time.

So, we're into almost $300 billion for Ukraine; and yet, they're offering people $750.

For the worst --

Yeah. But for the worst hurricane that anybody's seen. But more importantly than that is they don't have the people. They're not doing -- it's a bad -- it's a very bad thing. This is Katrina.

I'd have a tremendous team of people here. They don't have any people here. The people are all -- I was in North Carolina yesterday. I was in Georgia. And Georgia is different. You have a good governor. He's doing a very good job. But North Carolina is a disaster, and it was also hit very hard, but they don't have the people.

And they're complaining there's no people around to help. That was a horrific storm, much worse -- and, you know, it's late in the season. You wouldn't think a thing like that could happen. But you have to get the people out and they have to be out much more. I was there for the entire day, and I saw virtually nobody other than the people that were badly affected.

And one man, he's got a house that's gone and he's sitting on a rock. He's sitting on a rock. What's going on there, you have to help them. And you have to help them monetarily, also. And it's only -- you know, if you look, it's Virginia, it's Alabama, it's -- it's -- you know, South Carolina was hit very hard.

I spoke to their great governor there, and they were hit very hard.

Florida -- Florida was hit very hard.

Yeah. Well, nobody -- nobody says that. He doesn't know what --

He doesn't know what robust is. He doesn't.  Look, he should be there, and she should be there. She shouldn't be at fundraisers. She's at -- at fundraisers. And her teleprompter went off, and she -- she didn't do well with the teleprompter off.

Yeah, but you -- yeah, but you will get through it. It happens to me a lot. When the teleprompter goes off, you have to be able to do it. She didn't get through it. But she shouldn't be there anyway. She should be -- I would say North Carolina is -- is so bad, and she should be --

Yes.

You know, anything I do, they'll say, "Oh, it's political." If I do anything good, no matter what I do, they'll say, "Oh, he did it for politics." I mean, they could have gotten there way before me.

Yeah. Yeah.

Republican areas got hit very hard. You know that. It got hit very, very hard. I believe -- and many people are dead. You know, many people are dead. They don't even know what it's going to be in terms of the number. You know, they have hundreds are missing. And I can't really speak to it. I can only say that I believe they're going to go out and vote if they have to crawl to a voting booth, and that's what's happening.

Lara is working on it. Other people are working on it. And we're trying to make it convenient for them to -- but -- but they just lost their house. We're -- we're trying to make it convenient for them to go out and vote. But we are doing very well in certain areas that we weren't expected to do. Virginia, we're doing well.

We're doing well all over. I think we're going to do great in North Carolina because the response has been so bad to the hurricane. They have -- this response has been horrific. It's -- it's been --

Only -- yeah. Yeah.

Well, that was two days late --

Because what happened is he sent his great, you know, gadgets in. He has the one most -- the Starlinks. It's a -- it's incredible for communication. But they were asking me, the people of North Carolina and representatives, they said, "Could you possibly speak to Elon Musk and get it?" And Elon came through.

And then they sent it in, and they -- they wouldn't allow it to go in. It took two days. And then boot-edge-edge, as you say, boot-edge-edge called, and I guess -- two days late, though, and --

Of course, they were.

It was huge publicity that they wouldn't allow. He had helicopters bringing stuff in that's not even gettable. You can't even get it. I mean, honestly, Elon did an amazing job because I called him and I told him the situation. They were trying to get it, but you can't. You know, it's very hard to get.

I called him, and he had -- he had things being delivered literally by the time I got off the phone. I'm even wondering -- it was so quick. But then they got there and they said they're going to confiscate it. They're going to keep it. FEMA said they're going to keep it. They wouldn't  Then the publicity got crazy.

And then all of a sudden, they released it.

I don't think he knows.

I don't think he knows. I really don't. I think he has no idea what he said. I really don't. I think he's maybe referencing -- you know, it could be him. But I don't think he really knows. Look, they took -- they had a coup. They took it away from him. He's an angry person right now because they took it away.

They shouldn't have done that. I'm no fan of his, but they should not have taken it away. They took his 14 million votes, and they gave it to somebody who they didn't want. They didn't want her because she was last on the list of 12.

Well, I don't want to say because I'm not looking to build up somebody, but they had about 12 people and she was the 13th and 12 were better, all 12.

Well, I'll tell you on November 6th. I can't tell you. I mean, she's not doing very well right now. We're going up, and you see that. We're leading in most of the polls and all. But we were up by 21 points. We were really beating -- we had the debate with Biden. And after that, we -- we had this, I think, insurmountable lead.

Then I had to do it all over again. Think of this. You're like in a fighter -- you're a fighter and they come out and the fighter is getting beaten badly and they say, "We'll take that fighter out. We'll give you a new fighter now." That's what happened to me. This can only happen to me.

But we're doing well now.

Yeah.

From a deranged lunatic.

This guy --

Well, what's happened is it's been totally discredited. The biggest case was in Florida. We won the case in its entirety. We're leading in most of the other cases, and a couple of them are just really bad judges that are, you know, Democrat judges, Democrat areas. But I have many cases. It's all -- what they did is they said let's go after this guy and let's cost him a lot of money, but more importantly, a lot of time and a lot of thought. This is --

Well, a lot -- yeah. Yeah.

A lot of people say that's what should happen --

If you want to know the truth.

I think it's --

Yeah.

Yeah. Well, I do believe that, but I will say this, they have started a terrible precedent. We've never had this. We do have that in third-world countries, banana republics, a lot in South America, where they go after somebody politically that's an opponent. We never had it to any great extent, really, almost at all.

No, I want -- I want to -- I want to make this the most successful country in the world. That's what I want to do.

I say to the women -- and I think I do very well with the women, actually. I think it's a lot of fake polling. I think I do very well because I say, "I will keep you safe." I'm not going to let -- not going to allow prisoners to come out from Venezuela and many other countries all over the world, the Congo, the Middle East.

They come out from the Congo in tremendous numbers. They're coming out of the Middle East, Yemen and lots of countries that aren't particularly friendly to us. I am going to keep you safe. I'm not going to let people hurt you. I'm going to have a very strong --

Well, you know --

I love that line.

Well, I know.

I know. No, no.

I'm looking up at them. I am going to protect. I'm going to protect men, too. It's my job to protect as president. They don't protect right now. When they let 13,099 criminals -- I mean, murderers. These are people in prison, some getting ready for the death penalty, and they allowed them to come into our country.

When I get them out and when I say it's not happening and when I close the borders so that bad people -- you know, we want people in our country, but they have to be people that are capable of loving our country and that are good people. They have to go pass tests. So, I say to people -- and I'm very -- I'm not ashamed of that.

I saw a couple of wise guys on the left saying, "Oh, who is he?" I want to protect women. I'm going to protect women and I'm going to protect men and I'm going to protect children, and that's my obligation to do it, with the military and with law enforcement.

I think somebody that really worked hard and turned our country around that's going bad. This country is going bad. We're not going to have a country or certainly we're not going to have a country like this. So, more than anything else, I think I want to have somebody say for -- a long time from now and in a short time from now he was able to make America great again.

This was something really special. Well, this was love. This was pure love. I think it was -- maybe on a scale of one to 10, it was a 12.

Thank you, darling.