Well, I'm doing fine. It was Sunday. And just very briefly because I think most people have heard it, I want to start talking about the borders and the economy and inflation and all of the things we want to talk about. But it was on a golf course at Trump International in West Palm. And we heard shots ring out around the fifth hole or so.

And we heard shots ring out, and they were pretty obviously shots, but the Secret Service said they were definitely shots. And it turned out to be the Secret Service agent who had caught somebody a couple of holes in advance and caught him by the fence which protects the property. He was on the other side of the fence.

He saw a gun barrel hanging outside of the fence, which is pretty amazing. That's a great job, did really a great job. Frankly, I think the Secret Service did a great job. And they got me out of there quickly. They then went after him, and they were lucky enough to have somebody that took the license plate, which was genius.

And they nabbed him on the highway. But it was a -- it was another day, it was very interesting. I want to get -- we want to get to business. We want to get to the business of running the country. Our country has never done this badly, Sean.

We're like laughingstock all over the world, and we have to get back to running the border properly. What's happening in Ohio, Colorado, and every other state is just crazy. It's like a takeover of our country by people that are coming in. And they're coming in with guns or they're getting guns after they get in.

They have the most powerful weapons you can have.

Well, I understand that. And in this particular case, you had a very sharp agent as good as you can find and did a fantastic job. But somebody could have missed the barrel of that rifle and somebody of lesser talents or somebody that was distracted could have missed or could have been shot, I mean, frankly, you know could have also been shot.

But in this case, it was something that worked out very well. As to whether or not they should know this two days in advance, you know, I can't say. I just said, let's -- let's go play a quick round because it's all business for me. It's very -- it's my only -- it's a little bit of a form of exercise.

So, I like it. It's something that is good, but it's -- it's also shown very important that, you know, you be able to go and do what you want in safety. I just find the Secret Service -- now Butler is a very different story. You know, somebody should have been on that building, and that's a different story.

But they also showed great -- they were very brave. Because when those bullets were flying, they were -- they were --

Trying to protect me. They were literally --

Yes.

Well, that's the big thing. We -- we have long requested more people, more men and women, but more people and because, you know, we have rallies, 50,000, 60,000. In New Jersey, we had 107,000 people show up. There's never been anything like it. And -- and we have long requested more people. That's true.

That's the weakness. If there's a weakness, I really think that's the weakness. You -- you still need the -- the power of the people. We have to -- you know, you could say the man power and the woman power to get in there and look, we don't have or we haven't had. Now, I understand they're going to be doing this, but you could have somebody who's a president who doesn't have a lot of people watching, and it's a lot easier.

And, you know, it's a lot easier situation than it is for me. We have tremendous rallies and crowds, and that's a good thing, but you need more protection. And we've long requested more people. We have -- I will say, in Butler, we wanted more people. I -- I heard them say it. You know, we need more people here for security, and we never seem to get that.

And I think we are getting it now. Somebody told me that they will be providing more people now.

Well, I never thought of it that way. It's an interesting way of thinking about it. I will say this. What you said on the border is right. You know, we had the safest border in the history of our country when I left office. We had the safest border. In fact, the famous chart that I was turning right, fortunately, to look at showed the lowest that was made up by the Border Patrol.

And it was the best number in terms of drugs, in terms of people, meaning the fewest people. We had -- we had it down to an absolute science, and then it became a rocket ship right after that. And it was a shame. But the -- we had a great border situation. It was only going to get better, but we had it down to a real -- a real size.

We had Remain in Mexico. We had all sorts of things. People couldn't come into our country until they got past and have to go through really --

Rigorous tests. And it was -- it was a great thing. And now, it's truly one of the great problems, one of the big problems. No country has been invaded like we've been invaded --

If you look at what's going on in Ohio and Colorado and so many states. And a lot of states that don't want to talk about it yet because they're embarrassed by it. But they're being invaded by people from jails and by gang members. And we have people coming in from mental institutions, and we have terrorists coming in at a level that we've never seen before.

It's crazy. It makes no sense whatsoever why they aren't closing the border. They can do it with a phone call. You close the border.

It has to close.

Yeah.

Thank you very much. Thank you, Sean.