I feel good.

I had a good time. I think it was our best debate ever. I thought it was really good. We had three against one, but I anticipated that.

Yeah. No, we had a lot of -- a lot of negative kind of stuff. Look, I saw on your show last night, they had 100 percent positive coverage on ABC and I had 94 percent negative coverage.

I exaggerate.

Yeah.

Well, we brought them all up. You know, every one of the things --

That you -- we brought it all up. And I also ended with why hasn't she done it before? Why didn't she fix -- you know, she's there complaining. Why didn't she fix all these things that she's complaining?

No, you know what, I would have left. I would have said, "Go home and fix it. I'll leave with you, OK?" But she doesn't -- she's not going to fix it. So, she's complaining about all the stuff that's wrong with the country, and they've been there for three and a half years. And I put that, I wanted to save that for my last little summation.

And I actually mentioned in there, too. I just thought it was a great debate. I think we -- we showed the weakness. But the sad part is they're destroying our country, you know, when you get right down to it. Debate, good debate, I enjoyed it, but it's a very sad thing because our country is in decline.

We are really being laughed at all over the world, and that's -- that's tough to take.

And when I -- I brought it up --

Of course, they weren't so happy when I brought it up, but I brought it up. I brought up the fact that they're doing sex change operations on illegal immigrants, and those are expensive operations and they shouldn't be done for a lot of reasons.

Yeah.

Yeah. I never said that.

Correct.

I don't want to read it.

Yup.

Yup.

That's right. That's right. And she -- and she wants to confiscate guns.

I -- I called her out on everything that you said. I think I got everything out. Now, with all of that being said, I was amazed because I really thought there'd be fair. I have to say, CNN, a few weeks ago, was sort of fair against Biden, but this one was stacked. I figured it would be after watching 100 percent positive coverage of her, and she's done a terrible job as vice president.

And look, she's the worst vice president we've ever had. She was the border czar. The worst border ever in the history of the world, not just in our country. And he's the worst president we've ever had.

Sean, they're destroying our country.

That's because she lost. She wants it because she lost.

Well, I don't know. I have to think about it. But if you won the debate, I sort of think maybe I shouldn't do it. Why should I do another debate? She immediately said, "We want another debate." That's, you know, what happens when you're a prizefighter and you lose. You immediately want a new fight.

You want a rematch. The guy that won is sort of happy and thinking about it.

Maybe if it was on a fair network, I would do that. But --

Yeah, no, I think that would be fair.

I think it would be fair. You would be fair, actually.

If you want to know the truth.

I thought they would be fair. They weren't. But I felt very comfortable.

We have the best policy. She has no policy.

No  Sean, they're destroying our country.

Yeah. There's nothing -- there's nothing to smile about. You know, I can -- I'm a good smiler, but there's nothing to smile about. They're destroying -- we have 21 million people that have been released into our country, and many of them are criminals and terrorists and -- and people from mental institutions.

All dead.

Yeah, I know.

I did.

I was with them. I was with them.

She was this is incredible --

I met them all.

Nungaray. I met -- I met --

Yeah. I met five or six of them. Not even talking about the 13 soldiers that were killed in Afghanistan, the families of the 13 soldiers, which Biden won't even talk to, and he's the one that caused their death, just as if he had a pistol in his hand. He and her caused their death, just as if literally they had a gun in their hand.

Well, I think you sort of -- I always say I've been preparing all my life for these debates. You know, you can't go in like she did. She goes into a room and she memorized lines, more or less. I thought I got one cute one, I'm talking. When I said, "I'm talking," when she started interrupting me.

I wanted to get even for that.

You know, that was not very nice, what she did. But no, I thought it was -- we're getting -- we're getting great reviews.

Right.

There's only one problem --

If she ever won. Immediately, from the day after that election, everything would go back to confiscate your guns and forget about oil and everything else. You know, they were cutting back on oil way back. They got rid of ANWR, the biggest oil site, perhaps, in the world in Alaska. They did things that are so bad and so destructive.

But energy prices started doubling up, and she immediately went back to the Trump plan. But I would have been now four times higher than they are right now because that was three and a half years ago.

When she cut it, she cut everything out. She went to wind and went to all this other stuff that doesn't work from an economic standpoint and even a visual standpoint. I don't get the wind. You take these gorgeous plains and deserts and all this stuff. They put these windmills up. They go up like a 30-story building, in some cases.

They destroy everything. They cut out all -- and the environmentalists say, "Aren't they wonderful?" But it's the most expensive form of energy, and it's never going to do for our country.

Yeah.

It was all covered.

No, they have been unsuccessful at everything, and even the economy. I said, as part of the economy, you've let 21 million people -- more than that, I think, with all the gotaways.

That's killing our economy.

Yeah.

Oh, and you haven't seen anything yet. Wait till you see it in the months to come.

Well, it's happening.

If you look at Springfield, Ohio, look at what's happening there. You look at Aurora in -- in Colorado.

These beautiful little towns and little cities, small cities, they're being taken over by illegal migrants. I mean, the people that poured in. And they have weapons like our military doesn't have. You know, they have AK-47s. They have weapons like our military doesn't have. And, you know, some sheriff in one of these towns where he's got two deputies, and they -- they're not into this.

There's no way they can protect the people from this. But look at what's going on in Springfield today, it's -- nobody's ever seen anything like it.

I just felt I wanted to. I was very happy with the result. It's a very unfair situation. They've weaponized our government politically. So, I mean, that's unfair. And I just felt we had a great night and I'd come over here. I actually gave a little bit of a news conference. We were swarmed.

No, no, we were swarmed.

But I had to come over and do yours. I would hate like heck to leave here and I didn't do Sean.

That would've --

That would've been --

I would be in big trouble.

Again, the reason you do a second debate is if you lose, and they lost.

And we looked at one poll, it was 92 to 7.

We looked at another one, 86 to 3.

I mean, we have all of these results coming in, but I'll think about it, yeah.

It's very quick.

Thank you very much, Sean.

Thank you very much. I appreciate it.

Thank you.