What's going on here? What's going on?

Well, that's great.

Thank you.

We're going to get some good ratings today.

Yeah. We're right in the living room of Mar-a-Lago, which I don't allow this to be ever done. So, you're the -- you're the first, just about.

And we'll have a little fun today.

My son Barron says hello. He's a great young guy, but he's a big fan of yours.

He's tall. Good -- good student.

Yeah. Yes.

Wow. I'm so happy now that I'm doing it. Give me -- give me a -- that's great.

More or less.

More or less. It's the new wave.

Yeah.

Oh, really? Wow.

Yeah.

That's good. That's good.

OK.

You're going to have big ratings today, I can see it.

Oh, good. Oh, you'd do much more.

I think so. Yeah.

Well, Elon is a great guy.

He's really a fantastic person. Little imagination he's got, doesn't he?

Everything. He's -- he's a fantastic guy.

Yeah. So, let's go.

Sounds good.

I'd love to do that, and I love having a young audience. This is young -- I think you have some oldsters, too, because I also know some oldsters that are listening and watching. But it's about the American dream. Right now, you don't have the American dream. We have a country that's not respected; a country that's being laughed at; a country that's just, a little while ago, we're having a stock market explosion in a negative way, as opposed to a positive way.

And that's been happening for quite a while. It's -- it's been simmering and really happening for quite a while. And we're going to make this country so strong and so great. And when you're ready for your job, you're going to get a great job, a job so you can make the kind of money this guy is making, maybe even -- maybe even more if that's possible.

But -- but you'll -- you'll love your life and you'll be successful. And at a young age, it's really wonderful to think about the American dream. And with Kamala -- and, you know, Joe, I took him out. He was -- we had a debate, and the debate didn't go so well for him. And they sort of -- what they did, you know, it was really a coup of somebody.

He has 14 million votes. He had it. And all of a sudden, they went to him and they said, "We don't want you as -- we don't want you running anymore." And it's sort of like a prize fight from my standpoint. Here, you're focused on this one man.

And all of a sudden, you're fighting somebody else. But she's actually worse than he is, and you're starting to see that. I think people are going to see that very -- it's going to be very evident. So, go out. We want the American dream. We're going to give you the American dream, and you're going to be really happy.

Thank you.

That's true. That's true.

It's been brainwashed to a certain extent. Even the teachers have been brainwashed. They've learned from a long time, this is long before me, this liberal way, or now they call it progressive. They don't like the term liberal. You're not allowed to use that anymore.

So, I usually use it. But this -- this liberal way that they have, and it's a bad thing, a bad thing for the country. You know, we want to have borders. We want to have low taxes. We want to have great schools, really, you know, great schools so you can go and learn and be successful and have a wonderful life and all of that.

But we want to have a good military so we can protect ourselves --

From some bad players. You got some bad players out there. And, you know, it's interesting, during my four years, we had no war other than -- we -- we had nothing. Everybody was afraid we were going to have wars, and just the opposite. North Korea, I remember, Barack Obama was telling me, "Oh, the biggest problem we have is North Korea." I didn't have a problem with North Korea.

Big nuclear presence. I didn't have a problem. The only war we had was already started long ago, and that was ISIS. And we defeated -- I defeated them in a very short amount of time.

Very quickly. And we had no wars under the Trump administration, and that's a great thing. You know, that's a really great thing. It was I think 82 years since that's happened. And we won't have wars again, but we could have a war before we even get there. That's the problem. We have a number of months. We have four months.

And the election is starting very soon, and I guess five months before you actually get in. And a lot of damage can be done in five months by incompetent people, and we have very incompetent people right now. And I'm not saying that out of happiness. I'm saying that out of sadness because our country is in tremendous danger, not only of -- of stock market crashes or depressions or whatever it may be. It's tremendous military danger.

We have -- Israel is blowing up. The Middle East is blowing up. Russia is going wild with Ukraine. And things are out of control. And we have nobody that knows how to talk. We have nobody that knows -- I was watching when Russia was thinking about going in, and they never would have done it with me. They never -- and they didn't, but they never -- after I got in, they started loading up the border.

I thought he was doing it for negotiation purposes. And Biden said all of the wrong things, everything wrong. And ultimately, they attacked, and they wouldn't have done that if I were president. So, we've got to get back in and get it straightened out.

We'll get that one worked out.

A lot of people are dying.

Right.

Right.

Well, right now, you have no confidence. You have somebody that, now, is taking over from Biden because he just wants to stay in bed all day. He can't get up. He wants to stay in bed. He would know he was a fraud. They tried to tell people he was competent. He knew what he was doing. And in the debate, he was adjudged to be not so good.

But you can go back four years, too. You know, he campaigned from his basement. He didn't campaign. I said, "Where is this guy," during COVID. They used COVID as an excuse not to let him talk.

The whole thing was a fraud, and everybody knew it, and they knew it strongly. And we're going to get it going again. We have to get it going again. It's -- they put us in a very bad position. The worst thing is we have probably, I think, 18 million, 20 million people came into our country with open borders, and many come from prisons.

And -- and you can be a liberal and your people can be, but coming from some of the meanest prisons all over the world, not just South America, from all over the world. From the Congo and Africa, they come. From all over the world, they're coming, and they're releasing their prisoners into the United States.

Now, you can be a liberal guy, you can be progressive as -- as anybody in the world, and you can't think that's a positive thing.

They're coming out of mental institutions. They're pouring into the United States. And they're hurting and damaging our country, and they're killing our people. And the crime rate with -- with what you're talking about and what we're talking about, the -- we call it migrant crime. It's a new form of crime, and it's a very violent crime, and it's going to take on proportions the likes of which this country has never seen before.

And remember, these people are just getting accustomed. These are people coming out of mental institutions, prisons, and jails, and many terrorists. We're having record numbers of terrorists coming in. So, I'm talking, I assume, mostly to a young audience, but a young audience, no matter where they're coming from, they can't be happy about this.

Well, that's what we want. We want people to come in, but they have to come in through a system, through a legal system. And, you know, one of the things that's unfair is we have hundreds of thousands of people that have applied to come in, and this administration doesn't talk to them.

But if they walk through the southern border, they have no problem getting in. I don't even know why they're doing this. But some people are waiting 10 years to come in. And they've studied. They learned all about the United States, about our Constitution, about everything.

And they're not letting -- they're not being let in, and we're allowing people to come in from really rough places, really bad places. And they come in through caravans. And, you know, these caravans have 10,000, 20,000, 30,000 people.

And they're pouring through Mexico.

And Mexico was great. When I was there, they were helping us. I had stay in Mexico. You can imagine what that is. That means you have to stay in Mexico. You can't come into this country until we approve you. They gave it up. Now, they just walk right in. They had catch and release. We had catch and release.

That's you catch a criminal and you release them into our country. I said, "No, no, we catch a criminal, and we release them into Mexico." I think you'll feel better about that.

You know, it's one of those things. There are so many things they are so bad, it's like amateur night. It's either amateur night or they want to destroy our country.

Well, I know it very well, and Venezuela is, right now, being run by a dictator. We're -- we were enemies with Venezuela. Venezuela was going to collapse, and people could have gone back to Venezuela. They're in our country now. They've released tremendous numbers of criminals into our country. If you look at Caracas, it was known for being a very dangerous city.

And now, it's very safe. In fact, the next interview we'll do, we'll do it in Caracas, Venezuela --

Because it's safer than many of our cities after they've released their criminals into all of our cities.

And, you know, I'm kidding.

You know, the reason I have to say that because the fake news media knows that, too, but they'll say "He suggested they go to Venezuela." You know, they are so bad, it's hard to believe. But anyway, so Venezuela, their crime is down 72 percent because they've taken their criminal elements, which are large, very -- it was a very dangerous place, especially Caracas and the different cities, and they've moved them into the United States of America.

I know you're very happy. I know that your mother and father must be thrilled when they hear that.

Who happened to be here, I believe.

Are you thrilled with what they're doing? I don't think so. No, I don't think they're thrilled. I don't think so. So -- but -- so their crime rate is down 72 percent.

Because their drug dealers, their criminals, their murderers, their rapists, everything's being moved into the United States. And soon, they will have moved all of their criminals into the US, they won't have crime. So, that's why I say we'll go to Venezuela for our next interview. OK. It's a very serious problem.

I mean, honestly, what they're doing to this country, they're destroying our country, Adin. They're destroying -- stupid people. He's -- he's not a smart man. He wasn't smart 35 years ago. He wasn't smart 20 years ago. And now, he's really not smart.

And you saw that from the debate. I mean, he's really gone down the tubes. And she is -- look, she couldn't even pass her law exam. She couldn't pass her bar exam. And I'm not saying that because I know other people that didn't pass their bar exam, but she thought she'd never be able to pass it. And this is who we have running our country, it's a shame.

She's ultra-left, ultra-radical. I just see where 99 vicious terrorists, when she was, I guess, attorney general. She -- because she was attorney general of California. She destroyed California. Her policies have destroyed California. Her policies, when she was the district attorney, have destroyed San Francisco.

San Francisco was the best city in our country 20 years ago. And now, it's, you know, not even -- frankly, it's not even livable. We have to bring our cities back. We're going to have to focus on bringing our cities back.

No.

They loot. And not only that, they have like $1,000 or $1,500, where she started, where she won't even prosecute if it's less than 1,500 bucks.

So, you see these people go in with like calculators, and they're adding the stuff that they're stealing because they won't be prosecuted so that if they get nabbed, they say, no, no, it's less than whatever it is, $1,000.

And she started the concept of that, and it's now spreading. Our country -- we need -- we need strong leadership. Our -- we didn't have stuff like this. You know, when you look at what's happened to this country and you look at other countries, crime rates all over the world are down. You know why? Because they're all dumping their bad people, their prisoners, and all of the people that are bad.

They're -- not only -- I mean, not only the people on the streets, the people that are in jails. You know what they save by doing that? But they're dumping their prisoners and their criminal elements. They're dumping them into the United States of America. And our crime is going to go through the roof. It's going to go through the roof.

And, you know, if we win -- and I hope we win. We should win. We seem to be winning. And, you know, you can't even imagine that anybody would want these. This has nothing to do with me. Who would want these people? But can you imagine, they're just getting comfortable now, and they're criminals. So, they're sort of laying low a little bit now because they're not comfortable.

But soon, they'll be comfortable, and they'll find that our police are -- they're great.

But they're not allowed to do their job. They're not allowed to be strong, and they're not -- they could do their job if they were let. But if they do their job, they have their pension knocked out, they have their car taken away, their family taken away, their house taken away. Everything is taken away, and they lose their job.

It's a very rough thing being a policeman today, I'll tell you. But they could do the job. We're going to have to let them do their job. We have a crime-infested nation. We're a drug-addicted nation, and we're a crime-infested nation. Other than that, we're doing quite well.

That's right. Well -- well, I did this as a favor, and this was the Black journalists. The room had maybe 2,000. They said 2,000. It looked more like 1,000 to me. But whatever it was, it was packed.

And I did it because I thought it was a good thing to do. And they had a journalist. I don't know -- I didn't know who she was, but she was nasty. She was a terrible person. And I walk in, and instead of saying, "Hello. Thank you very much for doing this." They also said Kamala is going to do it. But then Kamala said, "I want to --" She wants to do it because she can't talk to people.

She can't answer questions. She hasn't done one interview. You know, she's not doing any interviews.

Because if she did one interview where a hard question was asked, she's incapable of answering it. But I walk in, and this woman starts talking about -- she talked about we have -- let's get rid of the elephant in the room, and she starts talking about racism and everything. I said, "You didn't even say hello to me." And I'm doing them a favor by doing this.

I'm doing this out of respect to the Black community. And we're getting record numbers, as you know, in the Black community. And she came across -- you know, she's with ABC fake news, which is one of the worst. ABC is one of the worst.

And she is horrible. So, she was very nasty. Harris Faulkner was there. She was excellent. The other person I didn't know, she was OK. I wouldn't say she was great, but she was OK. But I did it, and it was quite a sensation. I see that a lot of people think it was well handled. The woman was so rude.

That, you know, it's hard to believe. You can walk into a thing -- and I do them a favor, and I do this -- most people said, "Why are you doing it?" I feel I have an obligation to do it. I want to -- look, you become the president for all of the people.

Not for a certain segment.

Not even for just my -- you know, they talk about my base. It's a very big base. But you become president for all of the people. So, I feel you have an obligation to do that. Now, she's not doing anything. She's not doing any interviews because I don't believe she's capable. She starts -- I don't know. She's strange.

The whole thing is strange. Let's put it this way. Our country is in big trouble.

Right.

I don't think it survives. I really don't. Look, we're going to have 20 million people in by the time this election takes place, 20 million people. That's -- that's bigger than New York state. Many of those people are people that you should not have. And we're all for everything, you know, every -- all men are created equal, as the expression goes.

And now, today, they say all men and women are created equal.

When they wrote that, it was a slightly different time. Today, it's -- that alone is a politically incorrect statement.

So, all men and women are created equal, everything. But the fact is when you're dumping all of these criminals and all of these drug dealers, all of these people into our country, you're really hurting our country badly. And it -- it has to be -- we have to take very strong measures.

Oh, I didn't know -- I didn't know they were allowed to applaud.

Well, all right. That's good. Common sense, right? You know, it is about common sense. I mentioned that term because whether you're conservative or liberal, it's a -- it's all about common sense.

You want to have good education. You want to have borders. You want to have low interest rates, be able to buy a house. You want to -- you know, so many different things.

But you got to have common sense, and -- and we're run by people -- and, you know, just a little thing. When I started campaigning almost like eight years ago, I talked about Merry Christmas. We should have Merry Christmas again. Let's bring back Merry Christmas. It's a -- you weren't allowed to say Merry Christmas.

I got it back, OK?

Even if you're Jewish, they like to say Merry Christmas. Every one of my Jewish friends say, "We love Merry Christmas."

Good. And, you know, Kamala doesn't --

No, she doesn't want -- she doesn't want you to use Merry Christmas.

She thinks it's insulting to use Merry Christmas. So, we'll have to work on her.

No, he was not only pushed out, it was a coup. I'm telling you, they went in to see him. He did badly. The debate was a disaster.

OK? I don't know if I was brilliant or if he was horrible, maybe it was a combination of both, OK?

I know one thing they were saying after I left. They said, "You know, that was one of the greatest debate performances we've ever seen." And then two days later, they just said he was terrible.

They never gave -- they took away -- they took away the great debate performance.

But anyway, but no, I mean, I did fine. And he -- he is -- he shouldn't have -- look, he's done tremendous damage to our country. He was a terrible president. He was the worst president we've ever had. She's, by the way, considered the most unpopular vice president we've ever had. But she's a horrible -- she's worse than he is. I actually think he's smarter than her, and I think he's a really not smart person.

But I think he's smarter than she is. But she was convenient. She was there. They have better people. I mean, they have much better -- in fact, all of the people that she's looking at are considered much better than her. These were people that were thinking about running. They would have run, except that they didn't want to go through this roadblock with her.

And, you know, because she's the vice president so they wanted to go pick them. And -- and I think, virtually, every one of them is considered better, smarter, would be a better president than her. But we can't allow her to be president. She's going to destroy our country.

And by the way, the youth is so important because youth tends to be Democrat. And as they get older, they become Republican. That's what's happened. We can't wait 50 years. We can't.  Make the move now, all of you young people. And he's got a lot of them. All I know is my kids say, "Dad, you have no idea how big this interview is." I said, "Don't tell me that." But make the move now.

Don't wait 50 years. Our country doesn't have 50 years.

Yeah. Yeah.

Yeah.

I know. Well, what Hillary did is she would go out and get Bruce Springsteen. He'd get much smaller crowds than I got, to be honest, and he had a guitar, right? I don't have a guitar. But -- but he would fill up a place, and then he'd finish and they'd all leave, and she'd be speaking. So, now, Kamala is doing the same thing because nobody wants to go watch her.

Nobody.

I mean, she speaks for like a short -- nobody's going to want to watch her, and nobody does want to watch. Now, at least, there's a little bit of curiosity. But there's no value, really, in going on watching her. So, what she did is she's gotten a couple of rappers, and they fill up the place. But what she does is a little bit different.

She has them go last. That's smart. I -- you know, I give -- so in other words, they want her to finish her speech, get the hell off the stage, and then they can listen to the rap.

No, it's pretty --

Hillary didn't.

No, no, I give her credit.

Hillary -- Hillary never figured that out. She'd get some star and the star would fill up the place, and then the star would leave, they would leave, everybody would leave, and she's talking to an empty stadium, you know. Anyway, this is a little better idea.

OK.

Oh, Dana.

There's nobody like him, you know. You know, I always say everybody can be replaced except Dana because this guy travels the world looking for fighters, OK? Get me fighters. He doesn't care where they -- from countries nobody ever heard of. And that's where he finds the best fighters.

Now, he's -- he cannot be replaced. He's -- he's truly great at what he does.

I am.

Well, I think Khabib. I mean, how good is Khabib? Do you know who Khabib is?

Khabib was 29 -- I guess 29 -- 28 and O. And then his father died, and he stopped. But I think he never lost -- I don't think he ever lost a round.

Like he fought many times. He never lost like a round. And I thought he was great. I got to meet him at a fight two fights ago because I walked in with Dana. Sometimes, I do this walk-in, and it's pretty cool.

Yeah, that's right.

If I didn't get any applause, you wouldn't want me on this show. You'd say, "Forget him." No, we get -- we get big applause. We walk in together.

No, I met Khabib, though, and he was very -- you know, he -- he came to me, and he said, "You're the man that can stop the war," because he's talking about the war with Ukraine, Russia.

Because he knows -- they're his people, I mean, on both sides, right? There are so many people dying in that war, and the whole culture is being destroyed. You know, the cities are coming down. They're just pouring bombs in. And he really -- it was amazing. He -- we weren't talking about fighting. We were talking about a different kind of fighting, a much worse kind of fighting, and he was very concerned about that whole thing, that war.

He said, "You can get it stopped." And I can get it stopped. I will have that stopped before I assume -- I will -- if I win the election, the first thing I'm going to do is get Putin and get Zelenskyy, I know them both very well, and get them to make a deal because it's crazy.

It's crazy.

I know. I like this crowd. I think it's good. I like you, people. You know what they are, though? They're basically -- they're people that want to see their country do well.

It's people that just like -- it just -- they don't want to see crime.

They don't want to be mugged, you know, because they're selfish in that respect. They'd prefer not being mugged, right? But they don't want other people to be mugged, beaten up, shot, and killed. You know, in Chicago, on July Fourth weekend, they had 117 people shot. Think of this. You live there, 117 people were shot, 17 died.

This is in one weekend, July Fourth weekend.

I mean, nobody wants that. If you're living in Chicago, you have a good chance of, you know, something bad happening when you -- you're going to go buy a loaf of bread and something really bad could happen. So, we don't want that, and they don't want that. The people behind me who I just met briefly, they -- they are -- they're great, but they're like other people.

People don't want crime. They don't want to go to wars. They want to be able to make money. They want to be able to have a good life. They want a great education. All the things that you want, just the basic things. And we don't have that now.

Well, think of this. Israel -- you're Jewish. Are you a fan of Israel?

It would have never happened. October 7th would have never happened if I was president. And everybody admits it. Iran was broke. They had no money. I wouldn't let anybody buy oil from Iran. As soon as Biden comes in -- he didn't have any -- he didn't have a clue. He let everything happen. But Iran was totally broke.

They had no money. And I wouldn't let them do -- I wouldn't let them -- nobody. China, I said, "You buy oil from Iran and you can't do business in the United States." They said, "We'll pass." I mean, that's fine. And -- but I did that with everybody. And we would have had a deal -- 100 percent, we would have had a deal, and there would have been no attack.

There was no money left. Iran had no money. We would have made a deal. We would have made a fair deal for them. I would have loved to have made a fair deal. I'm not looking to I just want them, they can't have a nuclear weapon. It's very simple. They can't have a nuclear weapon. You cannot let Iran have a nuclear weapon.

So, what happens is we worked very hard on that, and then he comes in and he allows everybody to go. China now is buying millions -- billions and billions of dollars worth of oil. And Iran now is a very rich country, and October 7th would have never happened. And it wouldn't happen because they didn't have the money to pay Hamas and Hezbollah and all of these -- they call them instruments of terror.

A lot of different names. And so, October 7th would have never happened.

The recent attack on the park would have never happened. That was so graphic. And so, you know, normally, you don't see that. Normally, the media cuts it off, but they didn't have time to cut it off because it was during the day, very public. And you'd see children with their legs cut off.

Those -- those initial scenes were so horrible where a rocket landed in a little soccer field. Just terrible. All of that stuff would have never happened, and we'll get it stopped fast, by the way. We'll get it stopped fast. There's no games.

Wow. That's -- that's

You know, it's -- it's funny that you do, but now I know why you're so popular because I've been on for years with people that really do like me, and they're even fair to me and everything else, but they wouldn't do what you just did. They wouldn't say vote for him. You know, they do -- they're short of that.

They wouldn't do it. And they do -- and they vote for me, but they wouldn't say it. I think it's great that you can say something like that. I think it's so -- it's so -- it's ethical, it's fair, it's smart. And if you felt that way about somebody else, that's OK, too. But, you know, you have journalists today like that one that intercepted me, literally, that was -- that was like a --

That was like a booby trap. I walk in and she starts saying, "We got to start immediately." She didn't say, "Oh, thank you very much for being here."

Just like the worst. And frankly, if I own that network, I would fire her so fast. It was so inappropriate. And I actually -- I actually -- you know, once -- once you sort of walk out, then you put the guard up, and you actually give less information than what you would have if they did it with sugar, right?

But she doesn't know about sugar, that one. That was sort of terrible. It became viral, No. 1 viral.

And it was the question that was viral. I think my answers were sort of good.

I think they were -- they considered to be -- I don't -- I can't brag, but they were considered to be very good. But -- but the level of hatred and craziness. And you don't know, is that from the head of the network or is that from her. But ABC -- I've said for a long time, ABC is what -- you have, George Slopadopolus.

I don't know if you know. But he's a nasty guy. You know, you sit down -- and yet, to Biden, he interviews Biden. I said there's no way that Biden can handle this guy if the guy is like normal.

Like -- like he normally is.

He was so nice to Biden. He asked him to sit. And then when Biden couldn't answer, which he can't answer most of the questions because he has no clue where he is --

Slopadopolus is -- is giving him the answers. He's given the -- "And isn't it true that you really don't want to see war? Isn't that true?" "Yeah. Yeah." No, the whole thing is crazy. Anyway.

Yeah.

So, Google is really crooked. It's horrible. When they had the word assassination up because, you know, there was --

There was a big moment a few weeks ago where I got whacked. I got -- right there, I got whacked. And whether it's me or anybody else, that's -- it was a terrible thing, a terrible thing. For our country, it was terrible, for everything. And when you put up the name -- the word assassination, it went to Lincoln, it went to many other people, many of whom I didn't even know there was an attempted assassination.

The only one it didn't have was Trump. Think of it. And when you put up the word assassination, it also sends you to Kamala to -- and people were really angry at it. Look, there's something wrong with Google. I don't know if it's the people running it inside or the smaller people, so to speak. The people that are actually doing the nuts and bolts.

I doubt it. It's got to come from the top. And it's so illegitimate. They have to do something about it. And -- I mean, the -- the market speaks. Everybody should maybe just go off Google, not use it. There are so many other things, watch your show instead. But there are so many things. Now, Mark Zuckerberg called me, and he apologized.

They actually had it where -- you know, AI is dangerous. It's going to be with us, but it's very dangerous. They actually had -- the Secret Service agents were very brave because when I was being shot at, there were eight shots, and as soon as they heard that first gun -- I did think I did a good job because I heard and I went down.

You know, when you hear bullets, you tend to drop to the floor if you're intelligent.

If you're not intelligent, like I don't think Joe would have dropped to the floor. I think it's --

What's -- hey, what's happening?

Where are those bullets coming from?

Oh, there they are. There they are. No, I don't think he would have dropped to the floor.

But anyway, but it's -- when you -- when you hear this and when you see what's going on -- and he called up and there's a very iconic picture that was taken, but there's a number of them, actually. But there's one in particular that was very iconic, and it's been on the covers with the fist up and the Secret agents -- Service agents.

And, you know, I know they're going through a little bit of a questioning period. Let me tell you, these people were brave because those bullets were coming at me, and I heard them. They were whizzing over my head. I had the one here, and I went down, and those -- they were whizzing. And I had seven people, maybe, a lot of people, a lot of very big people on top of me within seconds.

And a lot of people that I know would not have -- they would not have done that. Adin, I'm telling you, when bullets are coming right over you --

And you got people willing to -- I -- I asked a couple of them. They expected to die. They actually expected to die. And I understood that.

The other thing that happened that was amazing was within five seconds, the sniper, the Secret Service sniper from a much further distance, one bullet, and didn't know about it. Now, that was -- it was a communication problem, a big one. And had it taken place, you know, 10 seconds earlier would have been good, but there was a communications problem.

But he supposedly -- I don't think he knew. I mean, I've gone through it, too. I don't think the sniper knew anything about it. He may have heard there could be a problem, but he didn't know anything about it. Think of it. A thing like that happens. He went by the gun and the fire of the gun. And I guess when the bullets come out, you see fire.

And he was able to see that from probably more than 300 yards away. So, that's three football fields. That's a lot. And one bullet took him out. And if he didn't shoot him, you would have had probably a lot of people dead.

Probably a lot of people would have been dead. He had a lot of bullets up there. He had a powerful gun and he had a lot of bullets up there. And the reason he stopped was he got hit five seconds. That's a pretty amazing job. When you think, you know, it's sort of a surreal experience.

And you could say that for them, too. And they go years and they don't have to do that. They don't have to shoot people. And then all of a sudden, they're confronted, and they see somebody firing. And a lot of people wouldn't react like that. They wouldn't -- you know, they'd say, "Let's call in and find out what's going on."

His reaction time, I think, was amazing. So, there was a big communication problem, and they'll get that straightened out, but the people -- the Secret Service people were very brave. And that sniper was very talented to hit the target, hit a target like that from so far away.

Well, you know, the --  I will say, though, that the audience was very brave also, the fans, the people. And it's much more than MAGA. It's -- although I think MAGA is almost everybody because it's what we talk about.

But all of those people, tens of thousands of people, as far as the eye could see, and then the people in the back, and those are the people you see because the cameras are focused on that. You know, we have the bleacher in the back with, I don't know, 100 to 150 people or something. But those people never moved.

And if you go to crowd -- we had like a crowd-control-type person said whenever a bullet is fired -- they know a bullet and they know the sound. And we had a lot of bullets fired. So, when you think of it, plus the Secret Service, whenever a bullet is fired, everybody empties out immediately. They immediately leave and they empty out the whole stadium, and they call it a stampede like in cattle.

And people -- a lot of people get killed with stampede. You know, they get literally walked over.

They get -- many people die in soccer stadiums, you know, when they're -- but when a bullet goes off, everyone leaves, almost every time.

Nobody left. And you had the man behind me, he's looking like this. He's looking. He's looking. There was no fear. It was -- they knew that I was in trouble. They saw that. They saw the blood because the blood -- I guess you get hit in the ears, it's a -- I can tell you, a lot of blood when you get hit in the ear.

That's one thing we learned. We learned all these things, unfortunately. But they saw there was a big problem. Normally, when they hear that, they're all -- you know, they disperse. Nobody left. I mean, you take a look at that. Now, that was a microcosm of what was out in front of me because the speech was being made --

To thousands of people.

And -- and nobody there was leaving either. It was really amazing. They knew there was a problem. And when I got up, they were confused because Secret Service was lifting me. I guess I was getting up, and I'm looking for my shoes. I didn't want to go on a -- you know, they had stretchers and stuff. I didn't want to go on stretchers.

I didn't want to do that. But it was amazing. And -- and they were confused because you could be up but you're not looking too good. And I felt it was important to let people know that I was OK and our country was OK. In the true sense, that our country was OK. And so, I did that, and the audience was just -- they were -- they were -- I mean, "USA. USA."

Wild. It was a -- it was a hell of a horrible experience. But I learned a lot about the love in this country. Think of it. A bullet goes off, everyone leaves. And here's bullets going off. They just --

They were -- no, but they were -- but they were -- they were heroes. They -- the way they didn't move, the way they -- you have to watch that group behind because that was the same as the group in front, the big group. And it wasn't like, geez. You know, normally, they'd say, "Let's get out of here."

How do we do this?

They weren't. They saw I was in trouble.

And they didn't want to move. And many of them were standing up, and they were looking. One man, in particular, with a floppy hat and wearing like a black T-shirt, and he's -- he's out there just looking. It's a fascinating thing to see. And when -- when you hear crowd-control people say, "We can't even imagine that happened," that shows their love, love for me maybe, but for the country, and it was -- it was pretty amazing.

Thank you.

Oh, good. That's good.

OK.

Oh, that's a beautiful watch.

Should I open it?

That's a great watch, actually. Good company. They're a good company.

They like Jack Nicklaus and Gary Player and Arnold Palmer and all the -- the golf guys and all the other guys, too. I do. This is beautiful. Wow. Thank you. Don't they have nice packaging?

Wow. That's so nice. Oh, should I show that to the audience?

Oh, I didn't know this. Now, I know it's -- now, I know it's worth it. No, my boys said, well, that's such a big show. I don't know what you're doing, but you really are respected. Amazing. I mean --

You know, I go into other shows, nobody does a big deal about it.

Thank you very much.

Oh, they're great.

Well, that was through Dana. You know, Dana is very much into this world. Dana is a young guy, sort of, you know.

He's a young guy, sort of.

But Dana is into this world like -- like he could be an 18-year-old or a 20-year-old.

He knows more about you and the Nelk brothers -- and the Nelk boys, and he asked me to do their show. And I will tell you, I got a tremendous response. You know, you do some of these big shows, you do like 60 minutes, and nobody cares. You do Nelk or you, and I can already see. So many people calling, "I hear you're doing the show with Adin."

I said -- oh, I've had a lot of calls. So, it's -- it's like a new wave.

It's a new thing.

Who would think it? And sometimes, television is not the big deal. I sort of feel that television will always be television.

But numbers aren't like they used to be.

Yeah. Yeah.

Yeah.

OK.

Sure.

You know, I put you on Truth.

Yeah.

Truth is my voice, you know.

And it's doing great.

Everybody should go -- go on Truth.

But -- but I will say that I put you on that we're doing the show together, and the response was very cool.

OK.

OK.

Fun.

Oh, great.

Really good.

So, you're friends with them?

Are they competitors of yours, though?

Yeah. They're all good.

No, they're just great.

But in a way, you would be competitors, but you don't even --

I see. So, it's different.

Look at them. I mean, they're just great people. That was Dana White. He said, "You got to do them." I said, "Who are they?" I didn't know. And after I did them, it was like an explosion.

Yeah. Well, I can just tell you that one word is -- would be outstanding. My sons told me about you, and, you know, they told me about how big -- "Dad --" You know, my Barron.

He said, "Daddy, he's really big." I said, "Yeah, but what about else?" He said, "He's also a friend of mine." Right?

But big stuff, Adin. So, I just have to say outstanding, to do what you've done at a young age, and I know how old you are. You're young. You're seriously young. My suit is older than you are.

I don't know. Who the hell --

Patriot. I'm a patriot.

Interesting. He really is. He's -- he's an amazing guy. He's a very interesting guy.

He's a fighter. I'll tell you, that guy, he fights, he -- you wouldn't want to have him against you. A little bit true with all of these people that you're showing. There's a good one. Elon, genius, truly a genius. You know, I see the rockets come down with the -- with the engines, and they're coming down, and the engines are landing without any -- they have no wings, no nothing.

That was a couple of years ago.

What is that? And I -- I said, "What was that all about?" He says, "Well, we want to be able to save the engines, not that they go into the ocean and -- and all." But he really is -- he's a genius. He's also a good -- very good person, Elon.

So -- he's a very complicated -- let's -- let's say complicated because he is. He's a really nice guy, but he can get himself into trouble and he can get some other people. But, you know, he's got a -- he's got a good heart. He does. He does. But he's complicated, Kanye. Fake, but -- but in all fairness, look -- but she knows it. She's got a thing going.

It's a good thing. She's a -- good thing for her. But there's a certain something she's got. She's got a spark that's pretty amazing, actually. She's got a good spark. So, I'll -- I'll change it. I'll say spark. She does have. She's -- she gets on -- you know, when she was running, she was running against a gentleman from Queens.

And I asked his people, I said, "Are you careful?" This guy was going to be speaker of the House. It was going to be him, not Nancy Pelosi. And Joe, he is a good politician, a real pro, been around for a long time, many years in Congress. And I watched her on television one time. I saw a clip of her speaking, ranting, raving, going crazy, and I said, "Who is she running against?" She's running against Joe. I said, "Oh, does he know what's going?" "Oh, he's got no problem, sir.

He's got no problem." I said, "Is he doing any debates?" "No, he doesn't have to bother with the debates. He's got -- no. He's been there for years." I said, "Tell him I said that he should be careful," because I saw her. And I said, "She's Evita." I called her Evita. Maybe that's the best, Evita Peron, right?

I said, "She's Evita." She's in the streets, screaming, shouting, going crazy, hugging people, hugging. Everybody is being hugged. I said, "He better be careful." And she took him out. So, you know, I give her credit, but she's got a lot of -- she's got a lot of sizzle. Well, there's a powerful -- powerful man.

He's a powerful man. I know him very well. I know him probably better than anybody in this country knows him and got to know him extremely well. We had a great relationship until COVID. COVID was a step too far. But we did very well with China and President Xi. We did very, very well with China. We took in hundreds of billions of dollars.

No president took in $0.10. I took in -- and I exposed China. Look, I want China to do great. I'm OK, but they can't take advantage of us like they were doing. For years and years, we'd lose $500 billion a year in trade and all of that. And -- but then COVID came in and it really -- I changed -- I changed, but I will have a very good relationship with him.

There's no -- there's no going to war with him. He doesn't want to go to war. We're not going to go to war. And we had a very good relationship. Actually, he was right in this room. He came to this country, and he stayed here for a number of days, as you remember, and we had incredible meetings, a very famous meeting in the dining room, actually.

But he loves his country and he's very strong and very powerful and very interesting, but he -- he really does love his country. I can tell you that.

Yeah. Gavin New-scum. You spelled -- no, you spelled his last name.

And when you watch him, he's always saying, "Oh, we're doing so great."

We're not doing great. I mean, I have holdings in California and I own a golf course right on the ocean, right on the Pacific Ocean, in Palos Verdes. So beautiful. It's a club. It's big, you know, many acres -- hundreds of acres, and it's -- it's fantastic. But California is so precious. One of the most beautiful places in the world in terms of weather --

In terms of everything, and they're just destroying it with crime. The crime is out of control. It's a very dangerous place. And he -- you know, I think he's -- he -- you know, it's a -- it's a shame because I like him. I got along with him great. I helped him a lot with his fires. I kept saying, you know, "Why don't you do something about the forest fires?"

There's no reason to have that. There's no management. They have no management control over the forests. I said, "You have to do things." But I got along with him great, but he has not done the job.

He has not done the job. Sad.

Yeah. He's turned very liberal, actually. They say he's the son of Fidel Castro and could be. I mean, anything is possible in this world. You know, you're going to learn as you get older. You're going to -- you've seen a lot already for your age. Per age, I would say, per year spent, you've seen as much as anybody.

But Justin Trudeau is -- I get along with him very well, actually, but he seems to be going very progressive, and the people of Canada are not liking it. I mean, if they had a good conservative person, which maybe they do, maybe they don't, I don't know, but somebody that's a strong conservative would -- would win in Canada.

Canada is very unhappy about the way they've been treated as people. But I get along with him well. Now, this man, I really got along with well. We had little rocket man. We had the red button. He said, "I have a red button on my desk." And I said, "No, I have a red button, too, and mine's -- mine's bigger than yours, and mine work." It was -- it was a really bad month and a half.

You know, he was very, very tough on President Obama.

Very tough on everybody. You know, it's the hermit nation, and it really is. I mean, it's a -- I said to him, "Do you know Elton John?" "No, no, no." I said, "Did you ever hear the song "Rocket Man"?" And I actually played him the song "Rocket Man." He said, "No, I've never heard it." I said, "You're a rocket man." He said, "No, you call me little rocket man, not rocket man." But I tell you what, so we had a very nasty two months.

People were actually worried about it because it could have been dangerous. But President Obama told me that this was the single biggest threat to the United States. It was Kim Jong Un of North Korea. And one day, I got a call from people that wanted to see me about him, and he wanted to meet. He did not want to meet with Obama.

He did not want to meet with anybody. He got tremendous nuclear capability. He does. And we've checked that closely, and he does. I got to know him very well, and I got along with him great. He's very smart. He's very strong. He's the absolute leader. You know, a lot of people say, "Oh, maybe he's not the leader." He's the absolute.

When he's around, his people are standing up at attention. I've never seen -- we were at a lunch, and they had 20 people on his side and 20 people on mine, you know, looking at each other.

In Singapore. We had a meeting in Singapore. It was the biggest press conference I've ever had. There were thousands of paparazzi. I've never seen anything like it. I think people said they've never seen anything like it. I was walking in. He was walking in. We met in the middle, remember?

The place just went crazy. But we got along very well. He's very, very smart, and, you know, he's -- he's a real power. He's a real power. I think he's upset that I'm not there. Nothing would have happened with him. We would have gotten along with him fine. I was trying to get him to do -- you know, his -- his country is -- you talk about location.

I'm a real estate guy. He's right between, think of this, Russia, China, one side; and South Korea on the other. I said you have a great piece of real estate. You could make so much. You could have gorgeous things. I said to him, "Think about gorgeous condos going up on your shore." He's got a lot of ocean.

He's got ocean frontage on both sides, right? But I got along with him great, and we would have had no problem with them. Now, he's getting very angry with us, and he's getting very angry with -- I understand he doesn't like her. He doesn't know her, but he forms opinions, and he doesn't like her. And he thought that Biden was a stupid man, a very stupid man.

He would say that. But I say the same thing, so at least we agree on something. But Biden is -- they really have hurt our country. These people have hurt our country. Kim Jong Un was great for -- for -- as long as he was there -- as long as I was there, there was going to be no problem. That I can tell you.

We met in Singapore. I got to know him so well. And, you know, I always say that we have enemies from within and we have enemies on the outside. So, he would be considered, I guess, an enemy. I think he would be absolutely fine. China, the same thing. I always say, if you have a smart president, you don't have a problem with the outside.

But you still will have a problem with the inside because these people are sick. They're sick. And the people -- the people from the inside, I mean, they're willing to take down our country. It's -- it's incredible. When I look at guys like Adam Shifty Schiff, he's such a bad guy, such a liar with the Russia, Russia, Russia hoax.

It was a total hoax. It went on for two and a half years, and total exoneration. Nothing to do with Russia. The opposite, I was the worst thing that ever happened to Russia because I stopped the pipeline, the Russia pipeline. It's called Nord Stream 2. Nobody ever heard of Nord Stream 2. But, you know, it was just two years of this stuff.

And actually putting our country in danger because you put your -- your country in danger with another country. They made up a hoax. It was made up by Hillary and Adam Shifty Schiff and some of these people about Russia. And they did it, actually, as an excuse for her to lose the election.

So, they said, "Why did you lose?" She was expected to win. She didn't win at all. I won all those states that people thought she was going to win. She didn't campaign hard enough. Maybe, I don't know. Maybe she did, maybe she didn't. All I know is we have stadiums with 50,000, 70,000 people. She'd go and she'd have 150 people.

And I used to say, "Why am I going to lose Michigan if I have 75,000 people and she has 100? Why am I going to lose that?" I turned out to be right. We won states that hadn't been won by Republicans for decades, and it was an amazing thing. But getting along with these people is really -- getting along with the foreign leaders, if you're smart, our country is safe.

If you're stupid -- and that's the problem. We have stupid people there now, and those people are very dangerous right now. Right now, you know, I'm hearing there's going to be an attack tonight by Iran of Israel. They're going to be attacked tonight. I'm telling you right now. I hear it just through the same waves.

There's no top-secret information or anything.

But I hear that Israel is going to be attacked tonight. If I were president, nobody would even be talking about that word because it wouldn't happen 100 percent. And it's so -- but when you have Pelosi and when you have Schiff and you have all these people, I mean, when you have people like Schumer, you have all these people, these people are a danger to our country.

And they get a guy like Biden -- and he's just a vessel. He has no idea where the hell he is. He's their perfect vessel because he'll do anything that they want him to do.

So, we really have dangerous people. They go after their political opponent like me. I mean, me being especially. I mean, they've used law enforcement to go after me. They've come at me with everything. We just won the big case in Florida. You saw that. That was the big case. That was the biggest of the cases, and we won that conclusively.

We had a brilliant and very fair judge. I mean, you know, if I have fair judges, I'd win every case. But we -- they put you in cases where the judges are totally corrupt where -- like in New York, where the whole legal system is actually bringing down the state and bringing down the city because the corruption is so bad.

But we -- we have to solve the problem from within. The problem on the outside, if you have somebody smart, is -- you can handle it easily, actually. But the problem from within, we have people that truly hate our country. We have to -- we have to solve that problem.

Right. Fani Willis. She goes --

She goes by the name of Fani. Even though it's F-A-N-I, she wants to pronounce Fani. She's a little -- little French --

Little French accent. And her lover -- and her lover, Wade, right?

Mr. and Mrs. Wade.

Well, not only to me, there are many people. She wanted to indict a senator -- a couple of senators, I understand, that didn't even -- that had nothing to do with it.

You know, there are many people. And this has taken place in Georgia. Georgia is phenomenal. Georgia is a great -- I love the people of Georgia. I've done great with the people of Georgia.

Alabama, South Carolina, North Carolina. But Georgia is so good, and she's destroying it. And the governor should do something about it because, look, these are innocent people. These are patriots. They complained about an unfair election.

And they want to put them in jail for the rest of their lives.

Hillary Clinton still complains. Stacey Abrams from Georgia complains -- constantly complains that she won the election. She said she won it twice, and she constantly complains about it. Nothing happened to her. We have two tiers of justice in our country, and, you know, they use that on me, and my numbers went up. And I think I'm the first one that can say that.

The numbers don't go up when that happens.

But they have with me because --

I have a platform, a platform like being with you today.

I can talk about how unfair it is. It's terrible. You complain about an election, they want to put you in jail.

It's not even thinkable. But they've weaponized the government. This is Biden, the people that surround him -- the people that surround him in the -- the beautiful -- they have a desk, Resolute Desk, it's incredible, in the Oval Office. The people that surround the Resolute Desk, what they are is a real danger to our country.

I will tell you that. I'm not even sure if Biden has any idea what's going on.

He's perfect for them because he'll do -- they are running the country, and Biden doesn't have a clue. He just wants to go home and go to sleep.

He should have never -- he should have never been president.

Yeah.

I heard that, actually.

Yes. So, I've heard about him, and I heard he's being treated very unfairly by her.

And I would tell her, he's -- she's got to treat these patriots that are being all -- terrible. They're going after him. And I hear Young Thug is being treated -- I heard the name.

I heard it from other people where they say he's being treated very unfairly.

So, he's got to be treated fairly.

OK.

So, he was very good with me because when they were doing the Russia hoax, they said I did something with him on a phone call. And basically, I congratulated him on his winning the presidency.

And said some other things, which were -- turned out to be perfect -- better than perfect. If he sees any corruption, please report it to the attorney general of the United States, which we have an agreement with the country. We have actually a signed contract with them, a very important one, that -- because Ukraine has always been known as very corrupt.

I don't know if you know that. It has been a very corrupt country. I think the people are great, but it's been very corrupt. And I said, "If you find any corruption in the country, you should report it immediately to the attorney general." That was -- I did say that, and it was a very good thing to say. It turned out I was 100 percent right in saying it. So, they made up a phone call.

But fortunately, the phone was essentially taped. The call was essentially taped. I didn't know this, but a lot of times, when you're talking to foreign leaders, they have tapes or they have stenographers. And we had two professional really great military stenographers, so every word. So, when they said I did these things, they said no, I didn't. And then I said, "Was that taped or did they have the stenographers?" The answer was yes.

And they got all the way down the line to impeach me. They wanted to impeach me over this phone call, a single phone call. And I knew that I had them because I had the tape or the stenographers, everything, perfect, every word we said. And then they did the impeachment. And just before that, because I remember, Nancy Pelosi was crazy.

We can't impeach him. Look at what the phone call was. She saw the phone call.

And then they decided, "Well, let's do it anyway." Can you believe how bad these people are? Let's do it anyway because they had the phone call.

It was -- that's where Tim Scott, a great guy from South -- a senator from South Carolina. He said, "Wait a minute, I've just read the phone call. That phone call was --" He was the first one to speak up, Tim Scott of South Carolina. Then Republican senators spoke up. And they were great. I mean, you know, there was great -- of course, the only one was Mitt Romney, you know, real stiff, a real stiff, and he couldn't get elected dog catcher right now.

But -- although -- and he actually voted -- he actually only took half a vote away, but everybody else voted for me 100 percent unanimous with the Republicans. And it was fine. But what they did was they made up a call, and then when they found out that I had it essentially on tape, they looked really bad and they had a decision to make, do they pull it? And she said, "No, we shouldn't be doing this, but let's go ahead with it anyway." I did nothing wrong.

So, you have to be careful. So, let me just say about him.

So, when they called him and they asked him, "Did President Trump say anything that was inappropriate or wrong?" He said, "Absolutely not. It was a very nice phone call. There was nothing unusual about it at all." And he could have grandstand it. He could have said well, you know, and he didn't say that.

So, I respect him. I think that I will be able to make a deal with him and Vladimir Putin very quickly.

Even though it would have been a lot easier before this war started, and you wouldn't have half a million people or maybe much more than that. I think it's -- I think you're going to find that the number of people dead is far greater than what they're saying.

That's a really nasty -- it's a nasty thing going on over there. But I think I will be able to get him and Putin together, and we'll get it ended. It would have never started if I were president. We -- it had no chance of starting. You know, I knew Putin very well.

I know him very well. And it was the apple of his eye. Ukraine was the apple of his eye. He did love it. He did want it, but he knew he couldn't do it. He wouldn't -- he would not. He knew he could not do it. He would have never done it if I was president. And now, when you look at all of the death and all of the destruction, even of their culture, because those cities are wiped to the ground, you know, most of the cities.

Outside of Kyiv, most of those cities are wiped down to the ground. And it's so sad. And when those buildings come down, there are plenty of people in them. You know, people think those buildings don't have people. They have a lot of people in those buildings that don't want to leave, and those buildings come down.

They're big buildings, big heavy buildings, and they come down, and those -- the people are crushed -- instantly, they're crushed.

Missiles hit them. So, I'll get it, but it could have been so -- I mean, if the election weren't rigged -- let me tell you something. If the election weren't rigged, we wouldn't have had Ukraine and Russia, we wouldn't have had the attack on Israel, and Israel would, right now, not be fighting. There would be no problem.

And we wouldn't have had that horrible embarrassment of Afghanistan, where we gave them $85 billion worth of equipment and we lost 13 soldiers, many injured, many bad -- you know, nobody talks about the ones that don't have arms and legs and their faces wiped out. But none of that would have happened. And inflation wouldn't have happened because inflation was all started by their stupid energy policy.

These people are incompetent. And I'm -- I tell you what, I worry about the next five months, even after the election. You know, they're there for two months after the election. I worry that bad things can happen in five months because --

These -- these people that are there, and they're running our country, are grossly incompetent.

It's something they shouldn't be doing because they should be trying to build it. So, if we don't do it, China is doing it, other places are doing it, and they're doing it anyway.

And it's a very modern currency. It's a very modern form. And I know a lot of very good people that are really into that world and into that market. They're smart, they're good people, and they think it's going to be very beneficial. And remember this, though, it's very important, it's like AI. Do you love it? Do you not like it? If we don't do it, China is going to do it.

Or other people are going to do it.

And we can't be left behind. And crypto is right in that sphere. And it is a form of currency. And again, China is already doing it. But if we don't do it, they're going to do it. AI is something that's really at the top of the list.

And there are pros and cons to everything, but China is trying to do everything. Yeah. And we've got to beat them to the punch.

Yeah.

It's -- you know, one thing about AI that's interesting is, and who would believe this, to really be at the top of it and to dominate -- because China is very much into the artificial intelligence, right?

Even the name is sort of a weird name because artificial intelligence sounds like -- it's not really a very good name when you think about it's artificial. It says like fake intelligence, right, but regardless. So, you need massive amounts of electricity to be able to compete. Did you know that, electricity?

And if you don't build twice the amount of electricity that the country currently has -- now, think of that number. You need more electricity than the country has for everything times two. Now, think. So, nobody's going to be able to get that done but me. I'm the only one because you're going to have to build power plants at every plant.

You're going to have to have a power plant for every plant.

It's all electricity-based. It's amazing. You need massive amounts of electricity. In the meantime, they built eight chargers in the Middle West for cars because we shouldn't have, obviously, all-electric. You know they have this electric car mandate. And they don't go far. They cost a lot. They're going to be made in China.

And under Biden, he wants everybody to drive an electric. No more gas-propelled cars, no more hybrids, no more anything. Think of it, how crazy. And you can drive a car from here to Los Angeles on a tank of gas. Same thing with trucks. They want trucks to go electric. They'd have to make six stops to get to Los Angeles.

With diesel, they don't have to make any stops, and they have left over, and the truck gets lighter as you go. You know, one of the problems with that is the weight. The weight of the batteries is so heavy. It's two and a half times heavier than a truck without -- you know, with diesel. And you would have to rebuild all of your bridges all throughout the country.

And I asked, the trucking industry supports me because of this. I mean, they probably like me, but they support me because of this because they're not going to have an industry. I said when you explain that you're going to have to rebuild all of your bridges in the country, when you explain that to the -- to the government officials that come and harass you, don't they say, "Oh, I see.

Well, then it doesn't work." Just that one thing, it doesn't work. When you explain to them that you have to stop six times for four hours of stop and you talk about a supply chain problem, right? But I said when you explain that to people, just tell me, do they say, "Oh, then we can't really do it," because, you know, it makes sense.

We can't do it.

It's all right. You could have a child go into a meeting, and within one minute or two minutes, they would convince you that it doesn't work. Maybe sometime, but I think it's -- it's -- it's essentially never going to work. In my opinion, it will never work because you're always going to have a weight problem.

You're always going to have -- it's never going to be the same kind of a thing where you can drive for two days without stopping. It's just not going to happen that way. And I said, "What do they say when you go in and explain this?" They don't care. They say, "We don't care. We want you to go electric." And one gentleman, the biggest guy in the business, he said to me, "All my life, I've been buying trucks.

For 50 years, I've been buying trucks. And every year, they got better, bigger, stronger, more beautiful. Every year for 50 years, they became more efficient, more fuel efficient, better pollution control, everything. And if they make us do that, we'll go back 50 years more than that." He said a truck 50 years ago would have been better than what they're making us use right now.

And I say, when you explain that, do they do anything? They sit there, they look, and they say, "We don't care. That's our mandate. You have to go all-electric." These people are going to destroy our country. We can't let them do it.

Well, let's go do the last gift.

So far, I like the gift you gave me.

It's great stuff. I don't know if I have enough time

OK. Let's go.

Let's go.

Sounds good.

Thank you very much.

Really? Day one?

We love her.

She's doing good. She's a young woman.

Yes. Can I do that?

Can I take -- come on. Let's do it.

You stay right there. We're going to take a good one.

I think so.

I bet she does.

She's probably tougher than I am. Have a good time, everybody.

See you in a minute.

Let's go outside.

It doesn't matter.

I love that shirt.

That's fantastic. Wow.

I like that. Hey. I know. That's what I noticed. I noticed the grill.

Nice to see you. Thank you. Congratulations.

Yeah, I can. Wow.

That's an Elon.

Wow.

That's beautiful. That is beautiful.

I -- I think it's incredible. I think it's incredible.

See, you know what they did? AI. What Google did is they took -- or they let it happen. See the Secret Service agents?

They're angry, and they're -- they put smiles on their faces.

You heard about that?

That's just terrible.

It's a little bit scary.

Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And right now, they don't have that.

That's the problem.

Let's go. Let's go.

It is incredible.

You're  again.

That's good.

It's very good.

Wow. Not too many. That's -- That's -- look at the -- look at the playlist, huh?

It's a good -- yeah.

Yeah.

OK. Let's -- let's try it. And -- and, you know, some of the artists I like better than others, but I like the other song better. So, it's very -- always --

Well, we love Frank Sinatra, right?

And, you know, there's a couple that I really like, but I don't like the people, so I -- I don't want to really mention their name. But look at -- look at this list as an example. So, it's such a great list. Aren't The Beatles always good?

The Rolling Stones are always good.

We'll do that.

So, let's you choose --

Let's -- oh, yeah, yeah. That's -- that's fantastic. How about -- and we like The Beach Boys. We always like The Beach Boys.

It's good.

That's a good-looking system.

You may have --

That's good.

This is a great system. He's -- he's unbelievable.

I think it's great. Now, let's try The Beach Boys.

This is another good

like this.

Honestly, it's better.

How about Elvis? Let's try Elvis. No, you can't beat him.

How does he get better

Yeah.

I knew him well.

Yeah. He was a very good guy, very good guy. Michael Jackson, the most talented person.

He's -- the great ballet dancers couldn't learn the moonwalk like he does. They told me. They would say, "We cannot do it."

Unbelievable. Most unbelievable.

Well, it's an honor.

It's an honor.

OK.

I think you will. And do you know what the hits are yet? Do you know?

Have you been able to tell?

When will you know?

I think you'll crash it.

Well, you let me know, but I think you'll have the biggest show. You know, Nelk had, by far, their biggest show.

So, they had 7.5 million hits in like an hour, and then they were taken down. And I told them they'd be taken down.

They were great. No, no, they left, but I said YouTube or whoever it was took them down.

And I said that would happen. And I said, "So, let me ask you, if that happens, are you going to fold?" They said no, and they never did. But they were taken down, but they had 7.5 million in a very short period.

Right.

You're going to have a lot.

I hope you're going to break your record by a lot, and I think you will, for whatever reason. I mean, I won't get into that, but for whatever reason, people seem to like watching. I will say it's an honor to be with you, too.

You're a young guy that's got an amazing -- maybe someday you'll run for president.

Barron.

How about this song by Elvis?

Right. You know what "Don't" was?

He was -- he had the greatest songs of people that left him. It was don't -- don't leave him.

Yeah, it's sad. Hurt, the same. He had a sad little life going on there.

But he was Elvis.

He was great. What a voice. You like that?

It's a great system.

Elon, you're great. I don't know if you're seeing this  but you're really good.

Sure. Sure.

I don't mind. I'll -- I'll speak --

She's got to save the country, but it's not going to happen. They're not going to be able to do it. They're not going to be able to come close. That's great. Great to be with you.

What's a good one?

Yeah, YMCA is the best.

Best one.

Right here.

Yeah

Let's go.

I tell you about TikTok. Trump is going to keep TikTok going. Whereas Biden and Harris, they have no idea what it means. And all it's going to do is be good for China the other way. It's no good. We're going to keep -- we're going to save TikTok. They want to destroy TikTok. So, all of the people on TikTok, vote for Trump.

No, I just want to make sure you break your record. If you don't break your record, I'll be disappointed, but I think