Let's go.

Sure.

Right.

That's right.

Last week I did one of her last shows, I think maybe Thursday or Friday, that was a big deal being on Oprah's show, the last one, and I was like one of the last shows in that last, that final week, and I said, "Boy, we've come a long way since that.

Well, the concept, it was really like two different lives, you know, I had a very wonderful life, but I wanted to do this, the Apprentice was still going very strong, we had 12 seasons, and we had actually 14 seasons, 12 years, over, they had a couple of them.

No, they had Arnold Schwarzenegger do it, I was involved in that, and I had enough of it, and we did great, it was doing great, but they wanted me to stay, they all came to see me, they said, "We're going to give you a contract," they wanted to extend my contract, Mark Burnett is a great guy, and they wanted to extend the contract.

Mark said, "You're crazy, don't run, don't run, nobody gives up prime time," they said, you know, it's one of those little things, which is probably true.

For running, well, for running against 20-some odd people, you know, turned out to be 18, 18 professional people, you know, mostly politicians, they said, "Who would do this," I mean, it's a long shot, actually, the heads of NBC came over, Paul Telegdy, all the top people came over to see me, try and talk me out of it, because they wanted to have me extend.

The Apprentice was doing well, so it was 14 seasons, it was 12 years, we had one, two seasons where we had a double, which rarely happens, it was just a hot show. And I said, you know, "I want to do this," what happened is, previously, like, three years, four years before that, they did a poll, they had Mitt Romney, and somehow they put me in a poll, and I blew everybody away, I blew him away, which isn't that hard, frankly, but I blew everybody away.

And I said, "That's interesting," because I never really gave it that much real thought, I thought about it, but never real thought. But I saw these polls were very good, and so I was thinking about doing it then, but I had a contract with the Apprentice, plus I was building two big buildings at the time.

And I wanted to make sure they got finished up properly, and it was one of those things, the kids were just sort of getting involved, they're very capable kids, but they were getting involved early on. So I did that, I got them done, I had some very good successes, and I came on, and then I thought about it for the next one, after the Romney disaster.

And I ran and I won, against Hillary, and it was quite an experience, but it was a different life, because, you're right, the view, I was in the view many, many times, and they loved me.

And they support me now, Bill Ackman supports me, he's been very supportive too.

When I was in office, or when I decided to run?

Oh, when I was in, so when I was in, and won, and was in the White House, essentially.

Well, first of all, it was very surreal, you know, it's very interesting, when I got shot, it wasn't surreal, that should have been surreal, when I was laying on the ground, I knew exactly what was going on, I knew exactly where I was hit. They were saying, "You were hit all over the place," because there was so much blood from the ear, you would know that better than anyone, when they get the ear torn out.

Ears bleed, anyway, so, and I was thinking the other day, when that happened, I really knew where I was, I knew exactly what happened, I said I wasn't hit anywhere. With the presidency, it was a very surreal experience, okay?

Yeah.

Yeah, that's what happened, so I'm driving down Pennsylvania Avenue, I just built a building on Pennsylvania, you know, the hotel, the old post office it was, we called it Trump National Hotel. And we sold it to the Waldorf Astoria, and it was a wonderful thing, but I'm driving down, I'm passing the hotel, you've never seen so many motorcycles, police, military, you know, it was a major thing.

I got off, really the first time I used Air Force One, and we're coming down, and it was very beautiful, I mean, it was incredible. And we're going down Pennsylvania Avenue in the opposite direction, you know, normally you're used to going one way and all of a sudden you're going the other way, the street was loaded up, and I wanted to go out, and I wanted to wave to everybody, but that wasn't smart, you know, a little bit dangerous, right?

I mean, when you watch, like, Kennedy and some others, right? But I really felt, I don't know, the love was so crazy, and so I did get out of the car for a brief, you know, just for a very short walk. I thought it was very important to do, and Melania got out with her beautiful dress on that became sort of a staple, people loved it, and Barron, and we're walking down the street, but where it really got amazing, we get to the White House, and now it's a little bit before dark, beautiful, and we went up to the president's quarters, they call them the presidential quarters.

And I'm standing in this beautiful hallway, you know, it's funny, nobody ever talks about the White House as being beautiful inside, you know, you think it's going to be, everything's going to be all metal doors and stuff, it's not, it's so beautiful. I made my money largely on luxury, the hallway is like 25 feet wide, the ceiling heights are, it's so beautiful.

But I was standing there, and I said to the guys, "I want to see the Lincoln Bedroom," I had never seen the Lincoln Bedroom, I'd heard about the Lincoln Bedroom, and I was standing with my wife, I said, "Do you believe it, this is the Lincoln Bedroom," I mean, it was like, it was amazing. Because it's, look, if you love the country, but here you are, the Lincoln Bedroom, and the bed, you know, he was very tall, he was six foot six, which then would be like, like Barron, would be like Barron Trump, he's six nine, but six foot six, he was very tall, then on top of that he wore, he wore that.

Yeah, there it is, it's a long bed, elongated bed, and because very, you know, people were shorter than, you see some of the chairs are very, very low to the ground, actually, but he had the long bed, and they had, you had the Gettysburg Address right on that, right under that, you can't see it here, but right there, the original version of the Gettysburg Address, and this is the original.

And I'm looking, and I just looked around, I said, "Do you believe this," because I was never a, first of all, even if you were a politician, but I was never a politician, it just, I sort of just started, right, and all of a sudden I'm standing at the White House. And it was very, very surreal, that room was so beautiful to me, much more beautiful than it actually is, you know, to me, when I looked at the bed, and the bed, you could see it was a little bit longer, had to be a little bit longer, he lost his son, and they suffered, the two of them suffered from melancholia, they didn't call it depression, they called it melancholia.

And they suffered from it, he was a very depressed guy, and she was a very depressed woman, more so than him, and on top of that, they lost their son, whose name was Tad, Tad, and it was, just seeing it in the little picture, the little tiny picture. I mean, you can't see the details there, little tiny, everything in the way it was, a little tiny picture of Tad, who he lost, and it was devastating.

And he was, you know, he was, look, he was in a war, and he was having a hard time, because he couldn't beat Robert E. Lee, Robert E. Lee won like 13 battles in a row, and he was getting like a phobia, like a fighter, you know, not about the fight stuff. But like, I went to a UFC fight, and it was a champion, who was 14 and 1, about a year ago, you would know the names, 14 and 1, and the only guy he lost to was this one guy, but the guy that he was fighting was like, almost just an average fighter, lost numerous times, but he beat this one guy.

So I said, "Okay, I will figure it out," but about a year ago, but the point is that he lost, he wasn't nearly the fighter, but the one who was not nearly the fighter had beaten, he's the only guy that beat the champ, like five years before, and I said, "I'll take the guy that won the other fight," and that's what happened, he beat him a second time.

Yeah, it was this crazy thing, Lincoln had a, I don't know, I've never read this, I heard it from people in the White House, who really understand what was going on with the whole life of the White House. But Lincoln had the yips, in a way, as the golfers would say, he had a phobia about Robert E. Lee, he said, "I can't beat Robert," because Robert E. Lee won many battles in a row, he was just beating the hell out of, you know, they tried to get Robert E. Lee to be on the North.

But he said, "No, I have to be with my state," you know, and the state was his whole thing, and he went to the South, and he was, I've had generals tell me, we have some great generals, the real generals, not the ones you see on television, the ones that beat ISIS with me, we defeated ISIS in record time, it was supposed to take years, and we did it in a matter of weeks.

These are great generals, these are tough guys, these are not woke guys, but their favorite general, in terms of genius, was Robert E. Lee, in terms of strategy, strategically, he took a war that should have been over in a few days, and it was, you know, years of hell, a vicious war. And so, here I am standing there, and again, I had never really done this before, you know, I ran, I ran a number of months before I won, I probably, I guess if you figure, max it out, it would be a year, something like that, so, I had never run for office.

And I did well, I mean, I went into debates, we had 18 people, including me, and then, slowly but surely, they started to disappear, we had debates, good debates.

The biggest thing was just that first moment of being in this hallowed, really hallowed place to me, it was beyond, to me, that was the experience, it was a surreal experience. And then, with time, that wears off, with time it becomes, you know, your place where you stay, and I was doing a lot of, I had two things that I really focused on, governing the country and survival, because from the moment I won, before I got to office, all of a sudden, I mean, they came down, I mean, nobody has ever been treated that way.

And you see that, I mean, you see we're in the Washington Post very early on, they said, "Well, now the impeachment stuff starts," and it did, I mean, it literally started from the beginning, so I had survival and run the nation, I had a combination, most people don't have the survival, they get in.

Well, you have actually 10,000 appointments, now, they're different, you know, you have big ones, and then they appoint 100 people, and 200 people, but the president really is involved with approximately 10,000 appointments. So you'll appoint a secretary of state, and he will, he or she will appoint a lot of people, so it's a lot, but in terms of major ones, you probably have, like, 100, but they're big ones, treasury, state, military.

Well, I didn't, I had no experience, I was there 17 times in Washington, and I never stayed over, according to the press, which I think is probably right, over the years, I was only there 17 times, I never stayed over. So now I'm sitting there, I'm saying, "This place is gorgeous," but, you know, I don't know anybody, it's like you, you know, you go to certain areas, and other areas, they may be great, Washington was great, Washington's not so great right now, they're gonna, we gotta fix it, we gotta make it better, a very dangerous place, very badly maintained place, we're gonna make it great, we're gonna make it better, we're gonna bring it back.

But I wasn't a Washington guy, I was a New York guy. I was a New York builder, and I built buildings in New York, and I knew that whole world, but I didn't know the Washington world too well. And all of a sudden, you're supposed to be appointing top people, so --

Well, I was always involved in politics, but usually from the standpoint of a donor, I was a donor, you know, I was a big donor, I gave money to politicians, I enjoyed politics.

Both, really, pretty much both, I actually have pictures of Ronald Reagan in me when I was very young.

I was a Democrat, I could get you the exact, but the early 90s, the early 90s, I switched over eventually, actually, they had a reform party, I was thinking about doing that for a little while. But then fortunately I didn't, because it's very hard, you know, it's a two-party system, and any time you hear third party, I know you like RFK Jr., and so do I, he's a fantastic guy.

It doesn't work, it doesn't work because even if you do great, you're not gonna get Congress, in other words, you need now to say, "Okay, now I'll get half of Congress," it's never gonna vote for you. So even if you got there, which is very hard, and I know how you feel about Bobby, and I feel the same way, and he's now with us. But it doesn't, it's pure and simple, it's a two-party system, and somebody, I won't mention his name, but somebody spent $250 million trying to get the nomination as a reform party candidate or whatever, and they got just nowhere.

You get eaten, you just get eaten, the system eats you alive. So, so it was, it was really somebody that not only was new to Washington, but was new to politics. So, in, in the office of the presidency, over the years, all those presidents, you've had 92% were politicians, and 8% were generals, General Eisenhower, General Washington, right, General George Washington, you had generals, so it's 8% generals, no admirals, 8% generals, and 92% politicians.

You know, they're politicians and they go on, so they never had a business guy, or they never had a guy that wasn't elected to an office, they were all, like Ronald Reagan was really, he was a movie actor, but he became the governor of California for, I think, two terms, and then he ran. So you never had a thing like this, but I, you know, in terms of me, and sometimes I use it as an excuse, and I don't like having excuses, actually, but I use it as an excuse, I had to rely on people that I respected or liked, but that I didn't know that well, because I didn't know them that well.

Some of those people I campaigned against, because, you know, when you have 18 people, we had mostly politicians running in the election, you know, running in the primaries, and they got knocked out one by one, but I got to like some of them. Some of them I didn't like at all, and I don't like them now, and I'd rely on them, and I'd rely on other people, so all of a sudden, people would come in, "I'd like to recommend so-and-so to be Secretary of State," and I'd have three or four people recommend, one thing I can tell you, Joe, everybody wants the position.

No, no, but sometimes I'll hear, "A lot of people don't want to work with Trump, because Trump is tough to work with," let me tell you, everybody wants to be any one of these positions, they'd die for it.

Now, they don't want to be known, I mean, there's a particular guy in New York, primarily, very big, very big, very successful, very strong, very political, although he's not a politician, he'd give anything to be Secretary of State, but if they ask him, "No, I don't think I would do it," but in the meantime, begging for it, okay, begging, they all, everybody, look, everybody wants it, by the way, no matter what you do, but it's very dangerous to pick somebody outside of a politician, because a politician's been basically vetted for years.

You pick a business guy, and they've never been vetted at all, and they're, you know, the head of a big company or something, but they've never been vetted, you know nothing about his personal life, you know nothing about where he's been. When you put them in, it's a little bit dangerous, because all of a sudden, they get checked up, and you hear things that you're saying, "Wow, this is not going to work out too well." So it's very dangerous, picking, picking people that are outside of politics is somewhat dangerous.

And they're stiffs, in many cases, they're survivors. I find that, you know,

Stiff, they don't, they don't have nothing, they have nothing, or they're smart and survivor.

One little thing. So there was a congressman, years before I ran, and I was very close to him, and I needed a license on something, and he was very important in getting the license, but it was a little bit controversial, the license, this particular thing that was being licensed. But I was close to this guy, and helped him and everything else.

And I went to him, I said, "I'd like to have your help," and he said, "Let me take a look at it." I said, "Oh, that's not too good, but I really hope you're going to help." Anyway, he tapped me along for a long period of time, and ultimately didn't do it. And I said, "You are a stiff, you could have done this thing so easy, etc." But it was controversial.

He was in congress for many years, like 28 years. And you know, there's a reason, when somebody's there for 28 years, you've got to be sort of smart.

You know, you have all the scandals.

And I realized he was a survivor.

And yet, I don't disrespect him for it. I actually respected the guy more in a certain way, I said, you know what, he's been there like for 28 years, and he made it through. A lot of people don't make it through.

Well, it is.

Oh yeah, I think, so the one question that you'll ask me, that I think you'll ask me, people seem to ask, and I always come up with the same answer, the one mistake, because I did, I had a lot of success, great economy, great everything, everything was great. The military, we rebuilt it, biggest tax cuts in history, all this stuff, we did it. We had a great presidency, three Supreme Court justices, most people get none, you know, you pick them young, this way they're there for 50 years, right?

You know, even if a president is there for eight years, oftentimes they never have a chance, I had three, it was sort of the luck of the draw. But I will say that it always comes back to the same answer. The biggest mistake I made was I picked some people, I picked some great people, you know, but you don't think about that.

I picked some people that I shouldn't have picked, I picked a few people that I shouldn't have picked.

Yeah, neocons, or bad people, or disloyal people, or --

Yeah, I mean, look, I mean, reading about them a little bit today, a guy like Kelly who was a bully, a bully, but a weak person, you know, you know more about bullies than anybody probably around, because you deal in a certain sport where the bullies are exposed very quickly.

But, you know, he's bad, Bolton was an idiot, but he was great for me, because I'd go in with a guy like a John Bolton, you know John Bolton, a friend of mine called me up, I was picking Bolton, he's a very smart guy, his name is Phil Ruffin, he's a very rich guy from Las Vegas, he's a great card player, he doesn't play cards, but he's a great player, you know, he's just a natural, he's got poker sense, right, you know, good old poker sense.

And Phil Ruffin is a very, very wise kind of a guy, and very, one of the richest people around, and has had great success and understands people. So, it was in that I was picking Bolton, or I picked Bolton, he called up, he said, "Don't pick him, he's a bad guy," now he wasn't in politics at all, he was in various businesses.

He said, "He's a bad guy, he's just, it always works out bad with that guy," and I said, "Oh man, I wish you'd told me this two weeks ago, I already hired him, you know, he's here," and he was right. But he was good in a certain way, he's a nut job, and every time I had to deal with a country, when they saw this whack job standing behind me, they said, "Oh man, Trump's going to go to war with us," he was with Bush when they went stupidly into the Middle East, they should have never done it, I used to say it as a civilian.

So I always got more publicity than other people, and it wasn't like I was trying, in fact, I don't know exactly why, maybe you can tell me why.

Maybe.

It's funny, you need at least the attitude of a comedian when you're doing this business.

This is a very dangerous business, first of all, it's a very tough business.

For a job?

It's the most dangerous. Being president is the most dangerous.

Yeah, they'd rather not talk about them.

But I think he's in good shape because it's only consequential presidents. If you take a look at what's happened, look, I'm for having countries pay us billions and billions and trillions even dollars. I took in hundreds of billions of dollars from China, nobody took in 10 cents, not one other president.

I do things that make it, I mean, that don't necessarily make me so popular. I just do what's right. And when you do that, you know, you're more, look at, look at Iran. We would have never had the attack on Israel at all. Iran was broke. I told China, "If you buy, you can't do business in the United States under any circumstance." I was going to, we're going to go cold turkey with China.

Some people think that would have been a good idea anyway. But if you buy any oil, one barrel of oil from them, you're not doing business. I said that to many countries. Iran was broke.

They had no money for Hezbollah, they had no money for Hamas, they had no money. But I make myself, you know, I mean, I understand what I'm doing. You make yourself a target and it's a very dangerous business. But if you just look at statistically, so I said, I said a thing, I don't know if it's right, but one 10th of 1% for a race car drive.

Yeah. It's pretty dangerous business. One 10th of 1% for a bull rider. I tell you, to me, these guys that ride the bulls is worse than UFC. These guys, you see these big monster bulls and you see it in slow motion where the foot is like, you know, an inch away from the head of it hits him, the guy's gone.

But they die. You know, they die.

Yeah. One 10th of 1% die.

And they certainly get hurt badly. Really. I mean, they can't walk after a certain period of time. But with a president, if you look at the amount of assassination and attempts to attempt, no, it's a very dangerous position. I never thought of that, by the way, when I did it, you know, you don't, you don't tend to.

Well, I figured it would be so easy. You know, it's very interesting.

Oh, he loves Robert E. Lee.

That's right.

But they, they don't even have to take them out. They make them up entirely. It's interesting when you mentioned the, I was very popular and, and all those people loved me. I mean, this, some of these, these women, they're so, they're so stupid and joy. She would, every time she'd see me, like I'd be in the theater or something and she'd say, "You have to be on the show again.

Come on, come on. Let's go. We have to."

She loved me.

Okay.

Whoopi loved me.

And how about that other one? The new one on there? The, the one from my administration. She writes me a letter. "You're the greatest president." She leaves. You know, she worked as a, like an assistant press secretary. I hardly knew her, but she leaves and she writes me this gorgeous letter. What's her name?

She was, I don't even know. You know, anyway, she was in the administration. She's on now currently, sits in the far right-hand side, whatever the hell her name is. And she writes a letter, the most beautiful letter. She's quoted in the paper. "He's a consequential. He was the greatest president, blah, blah, blah." Then all of a sudden she goes to the viewers.

She's not hitting the hell out of me because they won't hire her unless, I've had many people go on CNN and they call and said, "I don't know what to do. They want to pay me a lot, but I have to be negative on you." I said, "Be negative. That's okay." But these guys on like CNN, they won't hire them. Sean Duffy is a, you know, congressman and he retired.

He got a good job with CNN, but he was only positive about Trump. So they kept him, but they would never put him on. I mean, I respect what he did. He could have gone, you know, negative. I tell people, "Go negative. Let my friends make the money."

The press is so crooked.

All the worst I've ever seen, though, and I've seen the worst, I mean, I've been a part of it. I've been, I've seen the worst Kamala goes on 60 Minutes, gave an answer that a child wouldn't give. It was so bad and 60 minutes took the answer out. They took the whole, and they put another answer in, which didn't make sense either, but it was better.

They took the, well, it wasn't editing. It was fraud. This was not editing. You know, editing is where I'll give an answer and they'll take a couple of words and change around or they might even take a sentence or two off, which is very bad, but that's sort of bad. You know, I'd give an answer, which was a very good answer.

I always talk about, you know, I like to give long the weave, you know, I like to, But when you do the weaves and you have to be very smart to do with, when you do the weave, look at this, just in this one thing, we're talking about little pieces, but it always ends up, no, no, it comes back home for the right people.

For the wrong people, it doesn't come back home and they end up in the wilderness, right? But, but they can take my answer and you know what? They may take a little piece of it out or something and they use the term, "Yes, we want to save time." Well, it's not, but I've never heard, I think it's the biggest scandal in broadcast history.

What happened to CBS? So you have CBS 60 minutes, that's a news program. It's not an entertainment program. It's under their news. It's the head of their news thing. She gives an answer that was, that shows that she's essentially incompetent and they took the answer. Could you imagine them doing that for me?

Okay. I'll indemnify you.

Some kid put the preview out. And then the bosses did this or that and then all of a sudden they said, "We got a problem." And then they got caught by mistake. Well, but don't you think that's a big, to me, and don't forget, this is election interference and fraud and it's 60 minutes. It's their news division.

So it's a big deal. They give those licenses out Joe for free. They should pay a fortune. They're worth a fortune. They give them out for free because they're using the public airwaves. With cable, you don't have that. Cable's different, but you know, it's just a different deal. But with the networks, they give those license, they're worth billions of dollars.

They give them out free, but you have to be honest and all. That was bad. I think that David Muir and that woman that was a side, I never even heard of her, but they kept interrupting me. It was like, I said, "How many people am I debating here? I got this one and I got you two." He went after me 11 different times.

You know, it's interesting. I always thought he was a nice guy, but he's just like the rest of them, you know?

Well, Joe, when I said crime is soaring, he said, "No, no, crime has gone down." I said, "Where did you hear that one? Crime has gone down." I mean, I'm debating with this guy, but I've had that.

And by the way, the statistics were a fraud because when they put out the statistics, they didn't include some of the worst places. They didn't include some of the worst cities, some of the most deadly places. But when the real numbers came out, I turned out to be right.

It's so sad what's happened. And I'll tell you what. I go to police funerals and we went to one in Long Island that visited the family in Long Island. A very big deal. It's so dangerous. People don't realize the car, dark windows pull over. He's a gentleman. "Please pull over." Door opens. Guy comes out firing.

Even if they were allowed to pull out their gun, which they're not, they can't, you know, put it in time. They still wouldn't have time.

They open a door and he was killed and his partner was hurt. He was killed. And you don't I mean, you don't even have an eighth of a second to think. And it is such a dangerous job that in particular, think of it. You go up to a car. You don't know who's sitting there with a gun. And if they have a gun, you really don't have a chance.

You're not allowed to have your gun out, by the way.

They're very strict rules. So, number one, they're in it. But even if you could have your gun out, the door opens and a guy and bullets start firing out, you know, and especially where they have the dark windows, where they have the darkened windows. It is such a dangerous profession. And it's very hard to get cops now because they're not given any backup.

And you're right. You could you know, they have like an eighth of a second to make a decision that's going to change their life. If they make the wrong decision, they're going to end up on the front page of every newspaper in the country and they're going to lose their house and their pension and their job and their wife is going to be gone and everything.

Yeah.

We have to give them back their dignity. We have to. We can't. We just have to give it back. You said so good. You never hear anybody say that you're never going to have it perfect. You're going to have a bad apple in everything, in every profession. But every time there's a bad apple, that gets massive publicity and it it taints everybody.

Right. She was a big part of defund the police. That was a big thing for her, defund the police, always defund the police.

But any anybody with that political thought, I don't think should be running for president. And I think people are getting wise to it. You know, we're doing pretty well now. I don't know. Maybe in a week from now, say sorry about that. I was wrong. But we're leading everything. And I think we're going to have a very good election.

But I tell people because people are starting to get to know her. But she was defund the police. She was all these transgender operations. You know, if you wanted a sex change and you were in detention and you demanded a sex change, they would give you a sex change.

That's right.

But she was in favor of it.

So think of it. She was. Now she changed. She changed 15 policies. In fact, I'm going to send her a MAGA cap.

I came up with this idea that honestly, nobody ever heard of. And now it took her two months. But you know what? All of us caught fire and she just put it into a little speech. Well, I think we still have that issue. I think that issue is a good one. But now we have a lot of good issues. You know, we had the other day.

Think of how simple some of these things are. We're trying to get cars built in the United States. Detroit has been really tough. It's been a disaster. They have a huge factory, a huge car auto plant being built by China in Mexico. Make cars, sell them in the United States, put everybody out of business.

Here we go again. I said, "If that plant is there when I'm president, I will put 100 or 200 percent tariffs on every car." They'll be unsellable in the United States. And they just announced they're not going to build the plant because they think I'm going to win. Think of it. They're not going to build the plant.

This was the biggest plant in the world. It would have more than all of Michigan makes. That's how big you know, this is what we're getting to. And I said, "If that plan goes up, I want them to understand if I win, I'm going to tax those cars at the rate of 100 or 200 percent apiece so that you won't be able to sell them in the United States." They just announced they're not going to build the plant.

And they did a big favor for our country by doing that. And I'm not even there yet.

To me, the most beautiful word, and I've said this for the last couple of weeks in the dictionary today and any is the word tariff. It's more beautiful than love, more beautiful than anything. It's the most beautiful word. This country can become rich with the use, the proper use of tariffs.

Well, OK.

But why not? Because we ready. Our country was the richest in the -- relatively in the 1880s and 1890s. A president who was assassinated named McKinley. He was the tariff king. He spoke beautifully of terrorists. His language was really beautiful. "We will not allow the enemy to come in and take our jobs and take our factories and take our workers and take our families unless they pay a big price." And the big price is tariffs.

And he'd speak like that. But he was right. And then around in the early 1900s, they switched over stupidly to, frankly, an income tax. And you know why? Because countries were putting a lot of pressure on America. "We don't want to pay tariffs. Please don't." You know, they believe me. They control our politicians.

If you look at the kind of numbers that these guys make then and now. But we had a commission meeting in the eight I think it was 1887. Think of this problem. We were so rich. We had so much money. We didn't know what to do. So they set up a blue ribbon commission on tariffs. And the sole purpose is what to do with all the money we had.

We were so rich because we were taxing other people for coming in and taking our jobs. And China does it. That's what China did. If you want to open a factory and sell cars, if you build a factory here or have a factory, they don't take our cars. They wouldn't take our cars. But if you build a plant in China, you can do that.

Elon did that. By the way, Elon is great. That guy is such a great guy. I think you're a fan of Elon. He is from a different planet. He's the greatest guy. That rocket coming in. I told the story once or twice, so you may have heard it because his speeches have been good. Did you see the one last night?

29,000 people. That was it. And the one the night before was the same thing. We are rocking and rolling. But Elon, and I'm talking to this very important guy, I said, "Wait a minute, I'm looking at something." The television's unmuted. And I see this rocket. It's all brown from the heat, you know, 10,000 degrees pouring down at thousands of miles an hour.

And I see this thing. You know, it's like a 20 story building. And it cuts. And I say to this guy, this important guy, "Wait a minute. Let me just put you down. Hold on. I got to see this." And I see this and it's going to crash. I said, "It's going to crash into the gantry." They call it a gantry. I said, "Oh man, that's going to be a disaster" because it's starting to get very close.

And then all of a sudden you see the flames and about a rear and it boom. And then you see the two arms grab it.

And I forgot the guy. I had him on the phone. No, I said, no, I called Elon. I said, "Was that you?" He said, "That was me." And I said, "Who else can do that?" He said, "Nobody. Russia can't do it. The United States. Nobody can do it." You know, I set up Space Force. That was me. And that's the first time in 82 years that we opened another branch since the Air Force.

And that's going to be one of our most important things. But think of what Elon does. And he did one other thing that I never heard of it. It's Starlink. I went down to North Carolina, Georgia, the different places, right? I followed it right down. And they had no communication. The poles were all knocked down.

And one of the guys in North Carolina said, "Could you do me a favor? Do you know Elon Musk?" "Yes. He endorsed me." By the way, he gave me the nicest endorsement to the tough.

He said, "The country is going to fail. We should do the same thing, Joe, because you cannot be voting for Kamala." Kamala. You're not a Kamala person. I know you. I've watched you. I know him better than he is. You know what? Without speaking to you, I think I know you maybe almost as well as your wife.

I have watched you for so many years. You're not a Kamala person. You're a Khabib person, but you're not a Kamala person. Nobody's going to know who Khabib is, but he was not bad, right?

But that's your kind of person.

We're getting wide with this weave.

But wait. One second. Before we finish with tariffs. So they said, "Could you get him? We need Starlink." And I called Elon. He got it for him so fast, saved so many lives. And I said, "How was it?" They said, "Better than the wires." You know, they couldn't put them in. They were all gone. So get him back to tariffs.

Did you find it good?

Just to show you. We're spending a trillion dollars to get cables all over the country, right? Up to upstate areas where you have, like, two farms and they're spending millions of dollars to advocate.

For almost nothing. For a monthly charge.

And he wanted to do that.

And he wanted to do it. How about this? They built the charger stations, right? In the Midwest. They built eight of them. They cost $9 billion. That's like a gas pump, right? They built nine gas pumps, except electricity comes out. They spent $9 billion. Three of them don't work. The whole thing. There's so much waste.

I could sit here and tell you about things that there's so much waste, abuse, and fraud.

We were ready to rock. It was all -- You know, I had a bad system. We had horrible tax policy. I made it great. With a much lower tax rate. So I took it from almost 40% down to 21%. Now I'm bringing it from 21% down to 15%. But only if you make your product in the United States, which is great. People call me. They said, "What a great idea." Nobody ever heard of that before.

I don't care if they make the product in Japan. Why should I give up? So it's a 21%. At 21, in the first year, we took in much more revenue than we did at almost 40. Think of that. It inspired -- Now we had other things, too. We were able to get people to bring back their money. You couldn't bring back your money.

If you had money in Europe, like Apple, Apple had many billions of dollars outside. They couldn't bring it. There was no way to bring it back in. The bureaucracy, the documents, the whole thing. And also the tax was too high. They wanted like half of it or something. Nobody's going to do that. So they leave their money in Japan and they spend their money there.

That was part of what I did. The money came pouring back in. Apple took in hundreds of billions of dollars. They brought it back from overseas. They brought it in.

So what happened is this. We were ready to rock and roll. And then we had the COVID thing and we had to focus on that. And if we didn't give some businesses a hand, they would have all -- You would have had a depression like in 1929. But we were ready to start. We were going to -- We would have very shortly been paying off debt.

You know, we have $35 trillion in debt. And I'll never forget it. We were -- It was talking about from, you know, the standpoint of being in office. I'm in the Oval Office and I have John McLaughlin and Fabrizio, the two very good pollsters probably. I don't know. I would say the two best. Who knows? But very good pollsters.

And they think about running for a second term. And we had the greatest economy in history. Never has there been an economy like that.

Yeah. A lot of -- Two things. And also, I cut regulations more than anybody else. And if -- I asked many of the businessmen, you know, from the big companies, you know, the guys running the big companies, I'd say, "So if you had your choice, you've had it now for a long time. What's more important to you?

The tax cuts, you paid less tax, or the regulation cuts?" Every one of them said the regulation cuts meant more. Who would think that? Right? Because you don't equate it to dollars, but it actually is more dollars. We had it going and then we just had to focus on something else. But they were sitting --

These two pollsters were sitting there and they said, "Sir, if George Washington came back and Abraham Lincoln was his VP, as opposed to Walz," how bad is he, by the way? But if Abraham Lincoln was his VP, they couldn't beat you. You have a -- And I'll never forget it. The following day, they said, "Something's happening in China, sir.

Could we meet?" I said, "What's happening?" "People are dying." And it was all around the Wuhan lab, by the way. There are pictures with little lines, their body bags, all around the Wuhan lab. And I always said that from the beginning, Joe, was, you know, they tried to say, first they said it was France and they blamed everybody.

But then they say it was Batchelor and McCabe, 2000 miles away. So we got hit with that. And despite that, we had the best economy. And when I gave it over, the stock market was higher than it was pre-COVID. I mean, nobody could even believe it. But we saved it. And we were helping businesses. They were dying.

You know, they were dying.

If we didn't have COVID, we would have been paying off debt. And we would have had -- And don't forget, by growth, the word growth is actually more important in a way, because you could have the same debt. But if you doubled your growth, all of a sudden you're under levered. But still, we should pay off debt.

You know, if you viewed this $35 trillion right now, it's a lot. But if you look at the asset value, if you looked at it purely as an asset value, we have oil underground, we have water, we have mountains, we have -- I mean, the assets are so enormous. But regardless of that, we've got $35 trillion in debt, we should pay it off.

And we would have started paying off debt and probably even giving further tax reductions. I want to get it down to 15%. We're going to do more business. But when you get hit with a COVID, everything stops, and you have to keep these businesses alive. The businesses were dying. I mean, they were just dying.

This whole place, this country was going to die.

Yeah. Yeah. So the environmental is the biggest tool for stopping growth, the biggest tool. The other is regulation. And if you speak to Elon, he said the regulation now to send a rocket up to anywhere, even if you do everything, it's almost, it's becoming impossible. But they use environmental in order to get people not to do anything.

And sometimes I say, you know, I look at some of the, I know the environmental stuff better because I had to build buildings in New York. I had to build, I had to do environmental impact studies. And I would see some of these guys that I'd hire for a lot of money, environmentalists that would get you through the process.

And they'd be up in Albany, that's the capital of New York, and they're up there trying to make it tougher for guys like me that were builders because they'd get paid more money. In other words, I had one guy, highly recommended, you know, I was good at getting permits. I was one of the kings of, I was always very good.

But the environmental stuff was always horrible. Anybody could slow a project down 10 years, 15 years. I had a project in Louisiana, built a big LNG plant. It was for 14 years, it was going to cost $18 billion, one of the biggest, like the Empire State Building, laying down on its side times four, massive, on the coast, on the Gulf Coast.

And they said, "Sir, they're going to give it up." I said, "They shouldn't give it up. What's the problem?" "They can't get their environmental." They had environmental permits that would fill this whole room up to the ceiling. And they said there was one mistake on one little line, they wanted to do it all over again.

It's not going to happen. And I got them their permit instantly. And they built the plant, it's massive.

No, I'm talking about environmental consultants and lawyers.

Absolutely.

And I'd probably do the same thing if I were them, to be honest with you, you know, I want to be honest with you.

They go, let's say New York, they go to Albany, and they convince people that if you have a certain type of plant on the ground that's this big, and in theory valueless, that it's a rare plant, and you cannot even touch it, you can't go near it, you can't put a building on it, you can't do anything. Or there's a little puddle, and they call it a lake, and you have to go by the standards of a lake.

I said, "No, no, that's a puddle." Oh, you have no idea. Guys are filling a little puddle, you have no idea what they do, and they use it as a way to stop you.

Well, they get fees. They get fees. Massive fees. And you pay these guys.

Yeah, but some of them are just bad guys, and they're trying to make it more and more difficult.

Yeah, I think they maybe had more. They didn't have as much with me, because I would get through them, and I understood it. Look, I've done so many, they call it environmental impact study. I did so much. To build a building. To build a building in New York is very tough. You've got to deal with, think of it, financing, unions, all the municipal stuff, environmental.

Of all of it, to me, the toughest thing was the environmental, because they could stop you cold with the environmental impact study stuff. And you hire a so-called expert, and they say, "Sir, he's the one guy who can get you through the morass." It's a morass. It's horrible. They use it as a weapon. They use it all over the country.

There are.

You do. Look, I had, during our four years, we had the cleanest air and the cleanest water. I view it differently. I say air and water. Remember this. It costs much more to do things environmentally clean. China doesn't do anything. When Kerry goes to see President Xi at China, which he probably doesn't even get to see him, but they look at him, "Oh, yes, yes, we will do, oh, yes, yes, we're going to do that.

No more coal, no more coal." And then they approve 58 coal plants for the next, you know, every, they build a coal plant a week.

But let me just tell you, though, so here we are cleaning and scrubbing everything and everything's got to, and the air's got to be pure. But in 3.8 days, that stuff floating over China is right over the top of us.

Same thing with the oceans. They dump their garbage into the Pacific Ocean. If you take a little cork and put it there, in about a week and a half, it'll be in front of Los Angeles. We're picking up their garbage. So nobody ever talks about that. But in a way, the bigger one is even the air. It's the currents.

It's an amazing thing. It's been flowing that way for a million years, or long before. We share air with the whole world.

Yeah. No.

But we get the China, you know, they call it the China curse. We get the China curse, they're better, and their air is dirty. You know, when I went there, I had a great relationship with President Xi. We got along very well. And they treated me better than anybody's ever been treated. Same thing with Saudi Arabia, a number of them.

But they laid it out. And I said, "This air is good." Do you know, they closed every factory one week before I got there, from within 200 miles.

Isn't that terrible in a way? To think, you know, he cleaned it up, and then it became a pigsty.

Can you imagine?

And the day he left, it went right back. But in a way, that was a bad thing that he did. Because he showed what a disgrace that was. What a disgrace.

But let me give you one that you may not know, which I think you know everything, actually. I was a student of yours. But water. You know, in Los Angeles, you can't get proper amounts of water.

And it's unbelievably expensive. And you might have a house in Beverly Hills and they're actually thinking about rationing water. Can you believe it?

I was in the farm court country with some of the congressmen. We're driving up a highway and I say, "How come all this land is so barren?" This farmland, and it looked terrible, it was just brown and bad. I said, "But there's always that little corner that's so green and beautiful." They said, "We have no water." I said, "Do you have a drought?" "No, we don't have a drought." I said, "Why don't you have no water?" "Because the water isn't allowed to flow down.

It's got a natural flow from Canada all the way up north of water. More water than they could ever use. And in order to protect a tiny little fish, uh, the water up north gets routed into the Pacific Ocean. Millions and millions of gallons of water gets poured. You got to see this. We're driving up and I had never seen it before.

It's the most, it's like Iowa. It's the most fertile land. I was blessed with great land, Idaho for a potato, right?" But these, they're just, by the way, you know, some land is good for a potato. Some land is good for corn. It's the craziest thing. I love the farmers. They're great. They're the greatest.

And by the way, they're getting killed right now.

They're getting killed because of this stupid administration. But so I see this and I said, "You got to be kidding." I said, "You mean you have water?" And I looked at it. It's like a valve in your sink, except it's massive. The thing's five times taller than your ceiling.

Look at that image. Go to the one on the third from the right. Yeah. Yeah. That was an enormous lake in the middle of California.

How crazy is that? How crazy is that? That's what it used to look like. And human beings screwed that up.

Yeah. They drained it. 19?

Oh, my God.

Oh, it went dry a handful of times. Well, you know, lakes do go dry, but that's a big one.

Yeah. Literally, I'd say, as with Devin Noonan as a congressman and other congressmen who were going up, I was visiting that because, they asked me to go up and visit their territory and I did. But I kept saying, "Look at this land. It's beautiful, but it's so dry." And I thought they were going through like a desert, like a drought.

They said, "No, we have water, but it gets -- " So, I looked into it. And I got it done. I got it done. I could have water for all of that land. Water for your forests. You know, your forests are dry as a bone.

That water could be routed. You know, you could have everything. Not only dangerous, billions of dollars a year they spend on forest fires. And you know, there's a case with the environment. They're not allowed to rake their forests because you're not allowed to touch it. When a tree falls down, after 18 months, it becomes very dry.

It's like, you know, like real firewood. It's bad. You know, a tree that's up -- These are all things I learned the hard way, the easy way. But when a tree is up, it sucks water. It's wet. I went to that -- They had a couple of horrible forest fires in California. And I went. I said, "You know, you had a lot of trees standing." "Yes, they were healthy trees." I said, "With this intense heat, you could see they were charred a little bit on the bottom, but they were going to be all right because they're soaking wet because they suck up the water." But when they fall, they're like, you know, it's like lighting a match.

And you've got to be able to clean. They call it maintain your forest. So I was with the head of Austria. He said, "You know, it's a shame. I see all those forest fires in California. And all they have to do is clean their forest, meaning rake it up, get rid of the leaves, get rid of, you know, leaves that are sitting there for five years.

And get rid of the trees that have fallen, you know, or like so many things.

You could certainly get rid of the dead, OK?

You know, environmentally, they don't want to do that. They don't. They said, "You know, it's got to be nature and all this stuff." But in the meantime, this is exactly. But you could have. So it was the Department of Commerce that needed the approvals. But Gavin Newsom had to sign them. I got it all done.

Nobody could believe it. It was all done. I said, "I got it. You got so much water, all you have to do is sign." And that guy didn't want to sign.

I think no. He didn't. No, I don't think so. You know, he used to say he's a great president that we got along. We did. We actually got along at that point. But I think somebody said "You just can't continue to call him a great president." You know, they do say that. But we had it all done. He didn't sign.

And then we got on to other things. Every time I go to California, they say, "You have so much water." They don't know it. I'm telling you, people living in Beverly Hills, they turn off the water. Same thing with the electric. They want to go to all electric cars, but they have brownouts every weekend, you know.

I will terminate the mandate immediately. That will be done, I would say, in my first day, maybe two days, because, you know.

Where you're not supposed to enter the land for 3,000 years or something.

It's what's happening.

Well, you look at the way the batteries are made. But here's the other thing. We don't have -- Well, we do, actually. It's being held. You know, we have certain areas where we have great raw earth material, and we're not allowed to use it because of the environment. And we have areas in California that have incredible raw earth, and they're not allowing -- And I'm going to open it up. I'm going to let them use it.

China.

Because the environment's going to be protected. You can do it. You can make a lake out of it. Okay, we'll put back a lake. I mean, something nice about lakes. You can do things magnificently.

Absolutely. You have to do it carefully. But the problem -- You know, China has all of those areas, most of those areas. And yet, when they say, "Go electric with the cars," China's going to be the one that gives us the cars. All of those guys in Detroit are going to be out of business. You're going to make your electric cars over there.

We have a thing called gasoline. And we have more oil and gas under our feet than any other nation. You know, I had -- In Alaska, there's a find. It's called ANWR. I got it approved. Reagan couldn't get it. Nobody could get it. I got it all done. It was amazing. They were getting ready to start drilling.

The equivalent, they think, of Saudi Arabia. One of the biggest finds in the world. It was all set to go. And Biden comes in. One of his first orders were, "We're not going to use it." It would have been so good for the -- We could have supplied all of Asia with oil and gas.

When you talk about money? The negative was, politically, they didn't think it was good for them. That's all.

No. Taking it from way down deep in the earth, environmentally, it would have been fine.

Well, I think windmills -- Okay. So they talk about windmills. I think windmills are really disruptive. When you talk about the environment, they killed the birds. You want to see a bird cemetery? Go under a windmill someday that hasn't been cleaned out with all the bird carcasses. It's like massive amounts of birds.

Correct. Most expensive form of electricity is a windmill. And then they start to rust and rot, and then they get abandoned by the people that built them.

By the way, they say you can't bury them. So I even questioned that, but I'm not going to get into it. But they say you can't bury them. So you have the blades, and you can't bury the blades. You can bury the blades. It's not going to matter. You can bury them. You'll find areas you can bury. But they come up -- This is what I mean.

But the environmentalist's dream is windmills. You know what happens to them? After five years, they start to rot. After ten years, you have to replace them. Did you ever look at certain parts of California where they have heavy windmills, and they've been abandoned? And they're all different manufacturers and all different companies, and they all --

It is the ugliest thing. It looks like a graveyard, almost, a graveyard of windmills. It's pollution. It's so bad.

How about in New Jersey? Off the coast of New Jersey, they want to build -- The people are going crazy not to build them. But when you have them, the whales are washing up on shore. So in 50 years, they had one whale come ashore. Now they had like 18 come in the last year.

Well, they say that the wind drives them crazy. You know, it's a vibration. Because you have those -- You know, those things are 50-story buildings, some of them.

You know, the wind is rushing. The things are blowing. It's a vibration. And it makes noise. You know what it is? I want to be a whale psychiatrist. It drives the whales freaking crazy. Something happens with them. But for whatever reason, they're getting washed up on shore. And yet, the environment --

Yeah, but the environmentalists, they don't talk about it. I think there's nothing uglier. I see it in Scotland. I see it all over the world. You have this beautiful valley. It's been there for, you know, in civilization, thousands of years, but millions of years. And all of a sudden, you have these ugly windmills up.

Well, nuclear is better. I mean, I think there's a little danger of nuclear. But you know, we had some really bad nuclear -- They did one in Alabama. They did one in, I think, South Carolina. They do them wrong. They build these massive things. Then the environmentalists get in. I don't want to go into a long story, because it's too long for the show.

This show is too valuable to talk about concrete. But they have hardened concrete. It's number 12 concrete. It's as hard as -- It's harder than steel. It's incredible. They put up a wall, and an inspector comes along and goes, like, "Nope, nope. You're a quarter of an inch -- " The wall might be eight feet wide, and you're a quarter of an inch too short. "I'm sorry.

You've got to rip down the wall. You've got to -- " Because it's got to be poured contiguously, right? "You're one quarter of an inch -- I'm sorry. Rip down -- " You can't rip it down. This stuff, you can't put a hammer through it. It's incredible. Concrete technology is unbelievable, you know, what's happened.

You think of concrete --

Yeah. Well, you have an inspector that comes along, and he says, "Take down a $25 zillion wall." These things ended up costing $25 billion. And one of them never got opened. But here's the story. So France does it. France is largely nuclear. And they build small, little, compact plants. And if they need more, they build the same thing, and they hook it up, and they hook it up, because they get too big, and too complex, and too expensive.

And it is very clean. They say it's absolutely -- You know, my uncle -- I had a great uncle who was a great genius, just like other members of my family. But he was a professor at MIT for, I think, 41 years. He was the longest -- When I was in the White House, the head of MIT, Princeton, and Harvard came down to meet me. And the MIT person said, "I have a book on your uncle, Dr. John Trump.

He was our longest-serving professor. He was a great genius, sir. Do you know how -- " And he had -- He knew everything about nuclear, from math to chemistry to nuclear. He knew it. And he said, "Someday it's going to be the way to go, but the problem is it's so dangerous in terms of war." He said, "Donald, someday -- " This was a long time -- Uncle John, Dr. John Trump, he said, "Someday you'll have a little satchel at your side, and you'll go into a building, and you'll be able to blow up New York City." I said, "Uncle John, that'll never happen." He's right.

You know, he's right. The power is so crazy.

The biggest problem in the world today is not global warming. It's nuclear warming. And we have idiots that are negotiating for us. We have a guy that doesn't make it past 4 o'clock, and it's not because of age. You know, they ought to -- I know so many guys in their late 80s, and they're better than -- I said to one guy the other day, "I think you're smarter than you were 25 years ago." I've known him a long time.

He's 89 years old. He's sharp. I mean, he's great. Biden gives people a bad name, because that's not an old -- That's not an age -- I think they say it because I'm three or four years younger. You know, I think that's why they say it. They say, his age. It's not his age. He's got a problem.

He did. He did. He had -- Those are not good operations.

You know, it's interesting, because during the debate, I was looking over, and I'm saying, "Hmm, this is strange." I just thought that, like, strange things were happening.

I think so.

I think they wanted to get -- Well, there's a lot of theories. A lot of people said, "Do the debate now, and we'll get him out."

I think that maybe could be.

I think they also said, "Do the debate now and get it over with." I don't think anybody thought he was going to get out, really.

The debate got him out, but I think it's very unfair. Look, you have a bad debate. His numbers went down, but I think she's not doing very well right now, and I think she looks --

Well, you have a poll. I never put a poll. If I did, I'd hang up. I was never called by a pollster.

Oh, I'm going to get myself in trouble. So, I really don't believe too much in them. So --

Well, they were very ineffective, because I thought I was doing well. I'd go to a place, and I'd have 30,000, 40,000 people. Hillary would go. They'd have 500 people, and they'd tell me, I'm going to lose. I said, "Why am I going to lose? I had 40,000 people. She had 200 people." But, you know, I have a theory.

These pollsters, they charge you a lot of money, too. You know, they charge you half a million bucks to do something stupid, Paul. And they interview, like, 251 people. I don't think they interview, in many cases. I don't want to get myself in too much trouble.

No, I think they sit there. They make a deal. They get a half a million bucks, and they say, "Trump's leading 51 to 49." They announce it, and everybody says, "Oh."

Yeah.

I don't think they -- I think, in a lot -- Look, I'm a very common sense person. I'm a very common sense person. I'm a very common sense person. What's the difference between 49 to 51, and 47 and a half?

I don't know of one person in my whole life that ever got called by a pollster.

But I shouldn't say that because I'm doing really well in the polls now. But I think that's -- So this week I happen to believe in a very -- I only believe -- No. I like them this month. But no, I honestly believe that there's probably a lot of fraud. I had a poll, Washington Post, ABC, in the Hillary thing on Wisconsin.

They had me down 17 points the day before the election. I knew it was wrong because I had a rally. I had 29,000 people at a racetrack, and it was like zero to Wisconsin, and they had me down 17 points. In other words, you had no chance, and I won. And I called up my pollsters, good guy, good guy, and I believe he's legitimate, and some of them are.

Some of them aren't. I said, "Tell me, why did they have me down so much? I mean, nobody's going to believe them the next time." They said they don't care. When you're down 17 points, people are going to stay home. They're not going to vote. Because they're going to say, "I love Trump, but I'm not going to waste my time.

It's cold out." I said, "But why don't they make it four or five?" He said, "At four or five, they're going to go and vote. At 17, they're not going to go and vote." So think of it. I was seven. This is the Washington Post, ABC, Paul. I was down 17 points in Wisconsin, and I won. It's crooked stuff.

Well, they say it's a ten point difference, and I lost by one tenth of a point. They say it was 22,000 votes, but look, it was much more than that, and I appreciate J. D. Vance saying that. And by the way, I think he was a great pick. Do you like J. D. as a pick?

You're allowed to say that.

How did he do?

Is that why you called me to do this?

I do.

So, right over here.

It zicked right there.

Yeah, it's pretty good. It's not like some of the wrestlers, some of the UFC fighters. No. It was sort of like a top shot. The point of the bullet was over the edge. But you see, the thing's taken off a little bit, but it makes me a tougher guy. You know, the fighters love their --

Yeah, I love Bo Nickel.

I think he's terrific. He's great.

He was almost like undefeated in college. Yeah, he's a fantastic wrestler and one of the best mixed martial artists. When is he fighting again?

Oh, that's going to be after the election?

So, I'll either go as president or I'll be depressed and I won't bother to go. I think they're having a fight right now.

Even though she conceded?

Even though she conceded the night of the election because she was beaten.

Well, look at these guys in Congress. All these sleazebags in Congress that are Democrats, they're still denying 2016. But now they don't so much because, you know, they try and pin it on me. You don't hear them say it. But here's my point. But they denied it right up until the end.

And you had legislatures that had to approve and they didn't approve and they went out and did it anyway. And you had ballot, you had old fashioned ballot screwing. I mean, you had, you have people going up and dropping in phony votes. You had unsigned ballots, et cetera, et cetera.

That was okay, yeah.

You know, You know, Kamala is a very low IQ person. She's a very low IQ. You know, I'm for taking tests too. I think anybody that runs for president should take, they should give them tests. And it's not an age thing. It's not based. If you look back on history, seventies and eighties, your greatest, some of your greatest leaders in the world, world history, long time world history, they were in their seventies and their eighties.

But I think you should take cognitive tests. I think everybody, they say it's unconstitutional, but I think Kamala should have a test because there's something missing. There's something wrong with her.

But you either have it or you don't.

Actually, we have evil people in our country. If you have a smart president, he can deal with Russia. He can deal with all of it. I had a, I, Russia would have never gone into Ukraine if I were president.

Automatic. Two things. I told him. I said, "Vladimir, you're not going in." I used to talk to him all the time. "You're not going in." I can't tell you what I told him because I think it would be inappropriate. But someday he'll tell you. But he would have never gone in. But you know why else he wouldn't have gone in? Because the oil prices at $40 a barrel wouldn't have allowed him, wouldn't have given him the money to prosecute that war, wouldn't have given him the money.

I said it with President, I was with President Xi, I said, it was almost the same conversation. With Vladimir, it was Moscow. With President Xi, it was Beijing. It was almost the exact same conversation. I said, "Don't do it." He would have never done it. The day I left, they flew 28 bombers over the middle of Taiwan, 28 bombers.

And it's the apple of his eye. And the same thing with Russia. It's the apple. Ukraine is the apple of his eye. I used to talk to him. I had a very good relationship with him. He wouldn't have done it. He would have never done it. But he also wouldn't have done it because of the oil.

You know, one of the reasons that what happened is, number one, he doesn't respect Biden at all. Not even a little bit. And who the hell would? But he doesn't respect him. When he saw what happened in Afghanistan, how horribly that was handled. Number one, you take the soldiers out last, not first. OK, that was a big mistake.

And we had that thing charted out and they weren't obeying us. They weren't. Abdul is the head of the Taliban. Boom, boom. He had to do all these things. Some he didn't do. I said, "Nope, you're not doing -- you got to do them all." This guy took he immediately took all. He left the equipment behind 13 soldiers dead, but he took everybody out.

He took his soldiers out before a child would know. That's where Milley was so stupid. He was such a stupid guy. Milley. OK, those generals should have all been fired. The Afghan, the people that were involved with Afghanistan should have all been fired. Then they'd be writing books about him, how stupid he was, how bad he was.

But you take your soldiers out last. I had a big rally and I saw a child in the front row about a year and a half ago. And I called the child up. I said, "Do you mind if I borrow your child?" "Oh, yes, please." And they came up. Kids five years. I gave him a quick details. You know, I said, "We want to get out of this place and we have this and we have this and we have the equipment." I gave him a little thing.

I said, "Do you take your soldiers out first or last after everything's done?" "You take them out last, sir." A child would know that we took our soldiers out first.

And we left a bag room.

The best equipment yet to embarrass us, the best equipment in the world --

We left the best equipment in the world behind.

Well, number one, we would have taken it out. Just so you go back a little bit further. I had a couple of conversations with Abdul. And from the time I had those conversations, because they were shooting our soldiers, you know, with the sniper stuff. They were shooting. They were shooting a lot of them. They were shooting a lot with Obama, much less with me. But they were shooting him.

And I said, "Get this guy on the phone." The press went nuts when they heard this. I had a great conversation with him. It was a tough conversation. Eighteen months later, there wasn't one soldier that was ever shot at. And even Biden admitted it in a moment of stupidity because he shouldn't admit it. His people went nuts.

He said, "Yeah, well, I will admit no soldier. We didn't have a soldier killed in 18 months in Afghanistan." Not one soldier was killed because he understood what was going to happen if that happened. I didn't have one. So then when I left, after having gotten more votes than any sitting president in the history of the country and much more votes than he got in 2016, when I left, they started shooting our soldiers.

But more importantly, what they did is they did that whole thing with, you know, leaving. He shouldn't have left. Number one, should have left from Bagram, because Bagram is this massive base. It's got tremendous acreage around it. Tremendous. It's a very big it was built many years ago. And part of the reason you wouldn't have taken that is because it goes to China.

One hour from where China makes its nuclear missiles, you should have never left Bagram. Number one, they should have left from Bagram. They should have left last. They should have got, you know, we have Americans that are still there. They should have taken all their equipment out. Everything, every plane, every screw should have been taken out, every tent.

And I said that. That's when I realized that Milley was a dummy. I said, "We're leaving, but I want to get everything out, search cheaper to leave it." I said, "What do you mean cheaper to leave?" He said it's cheaper to leave it. That was cheaper, cheaper. He said it's cheap, not more dangerous. He just said cheaper.

I said, "I want every plane. I want every tank. I want the goggles. They have night goggles. They have all this stuff that these guys now have." He said, "Sir, it's cheaper to get out and leave it." I said, "So you think it's cheaper to leave one hundred and fifty million dollar brand new airplane in there than it is to fly it out with a tank of jet fuel and put it in Pakistan or just fly it directly back?" It's cheaper to leave.

I said, this guy's nuts. I'm telling you, he was so stupid. He was so unwise. He was like an unwise man. And there were a number of them. But I defeated ISIS with the greatest generals. I had a guy who was so great. I flew to Iraq and I met the real generals, not these idiots that we deal with. And we knocked out, you know, I defeated one hundred percent of the ISIS caliphate.

They said it would take five years. I did it in a matter of a few, literally a few weeks. And we hit them hard.

And he said, "So we're going to hit him here. We're going to hit him there. We're going to hit him here. There." And I said, "This guy's great. I like this guy." I was told it would take five years. That's why I went. I said, "How could it take five years? We have brand new fighters. We have the best planes, the best weapons, the best guns, the best bombs.

How could it possibly take that long?" And I flew to, I flew and left at three o'clock in the morning. Nobody knew I was going. I got on Air Force One and we started flying. And when we reached about half an hour away from Iraq, that was where the airport was, big airport, about a half an hour away, they said, "Sir, I'm sorry, you'll have to turn off all your lights." "Why?" "We're getting close to our site, our land." I said, "I mean, we spent eight trillion dollars and we can't leave the lights on." Think of this.

Twenty years, eight trillion dollars and we can't leave the lights on in a plane. I said, "That's OK. Turn the lights on. I'm not going to fight him." That's what this is because it's too dangerous, too dangerous, because they see the light up in the air. They'll shoot at you. So I said, "Turn the lights off." Then they said, "So we're going to also pull your shades if that's OK." So that's the plane was pitch black.

All the lights outside, you know, the blinking, the blinking reds. They were all turned off. And I like to sit with pilots a lot of times. And these guys are specimens. I would say they're better looking than Tom Cruise. OK. And they're even taller, like perfect specimens. These guys like for a fighter, you know, you have some guys that are perfect specimens.

And, you know, they pick they pick the best pilots in the Air Force, United States Air Force to fly Air Force One.

And I get up there and I'm sitting and I'm feeling my way up. You know, it's up on the 747 as you go through the stairs. But I sort of knew my way up. There wasn't a light in the plane. I'm saying, "Can you imagine?" We spent trillions of dollars and we're trying to fly in blind. But I got into the plane, the cockpit is dark black, little tiny light.

You could see the pilot, a perfect looking human being, his co-pilot. Everybody was perfect. They were all like movie stars. It's like I could have cast a movie with these guys and nobody would believe it because they were too good looking. So I said, "How are we doing?" "Sir, we'll be landing in 10 minutes." And I look outside.

There's not a light. And I'm saying, you know, I've landed a lot of planes. And you see like little lights at least. There's nothing. It's just pure desert. And I said, "OK, Captain, good," but I'm looking now where you've been in many planes where it has the computer sign saying 1,000 feet, it goes 900, 800. It's a computer voice, but it sounds like, but it's an incredible voice. 700. I said, "Captain, are we OK?" I'm looking. "Are we OK, Captain?" 700. There's no lights.

And I'm looking. You know, normally when you land a plane, because I sit with pilots a lot, I think it's great. I think it's a great profession, everything. It's incredible. They're incredible. These machines are incredible. He said, "Sir, we're fine. No problem, sir." I said, "You know, I don't see the lights up there, Captain." "Sure, we're OK." You know, so I mean, I'm exaggerating a little bit, you know, probably exaggerating to tell the story.

They say Trump was a coward. So I'm sitting with him, you know, 500 foot, and I'm telling you, there wasn't a light on the runway, nothing. And we're going in. "You OK, Captain? Everything good?" "Yes, sir. No problem." And I'm telling you, Joe, you know, there's always a light. There's not a little pin.

And all of a sudden, and you hear, bwah, bwah, perfect landing like glass. That's how good I mean, these guys, between the equipment and it's genius, it's pure. It was so dark, you couldn't see a thing. There was no runway. You wouldn't know where the hell you're in the middle of a desert. And then I got out of the plane.

I said, "Thank you, Captain. It's a great job." And then I get out of the plane, and I'm going down, and I see a general and another general. And I see a staff sergeant, a drill sergeant, and various guys, all central casting, central casting. They said, "Sir, would you like to rest?" I said, "I don't want to rest.

I want to figure out what the hell are we doing with ISIS. I'm hearing we can't. It's going to take years." "No, sir, we can do it very quickly, sir." Anyway, we go into the room. I mean, Biden would have taken a nap for four days and then left without a meeting. So we go into the room, and they have these guys.

I say, "How long can you do it? How long?" "We can do it in a couple of weeks, sir." He said, "Wait a minute, they told me five years." "We can do it in, I don't know," he gave me a number, like in no time. I said, "Why haven't you done it?" "Because the orders came in from Washington, sir, and they would come here and tell us what to do." "Don't you challenge us?" "We're not allowed to do that, sir.

That's not the military way. They tell us what to do, and we have to respect them."

I think it's a bad system. You know, when Mattis goes there or when Milley goes there, who's stupid, and they tell these guys that are actually smart what to do, and the guys that are smart are saying we don't like what they're doing, but they're not allowed to sort of counteract. Plus the guys that went there are arrogant.

You know, they're arrogant fools. They're like stupid fools. The way they pulled out of, you know, the way they, as an example, the way they pulled out of Afghanistan with the people falling off the planes, it was so, it was worse than Vietnam with the helicopters falling. It was so bad, there was no reason for it. Anyway, so we knocked them out.

And I mean, we have great military. We have great people, but not the television guys. And I rebuilt the military, and then they gave a chunk of it. I have to tell you, as much as it is, it's a tiny little piece, believe it or not. We have an unbelievable, I rebuilt the military. I rebuilt our nuclear. And in a way, I hated to redo it, but I got to realize how powerful that nuclear is, Joe.

One bomb, Israel is gone, but forget. One bomb could take out the entire East Coast. It's so bad. And I watched these poor fools talking about, "Our oceans will rise one-eighth of an inch over the next 500 years." I mean, we have people, we have countries, right now you have five countries.

And don't underestimate, North, North, if you take a look at North Korea, their nuke, I was there. I mean, I was with Kim Jong, I had a great, I got along great with him. You know, the president, he got along great. That's a good thing. It's not a bad thing. It's a great thing. Obama thought we were going to go to war with North Korea.

When I met with Obama just prior to the takeoff, you know, you meet, you have sort of a ceremonial meeting. But it lasted a long time, a lot longer than it was supposed to last. I said, "What's the biggest problem," he said, "North Korea." By the time I finished, I was, we had no problem with North Korea.

We were really, it was a little tough at the beginning, remember? He said, "I have a red button on my desk." I said, "I have a red button also, but mine's bigger than yours and mine works."

I said, I said, "Yeah, a little rocket." I said, "Little rocket man, you're going to burn in hell." And it was a rough, oh, so rough that people were worried. "This is crazy." And then one day I got a call, sort of like a fight. I got a call. You know, you have to see where they're pounding from, then all of a sudden, but I got a call and it was from him, meaning his people.

They wanted to meet. They wouldn't meet Obama. He tried to meet. They wouldn't even talk to him about it. And I think he expected to go to war. I actually do. I believe he expected to go. And we checked their nuclear stockpile. It is substantial. I mean, it's, that's, I said, "Do you do anything?" I got to know him very well.

I got to know him better than anybody, anybody. And I said, "Do you ever do anything else? Why don't you go take it easy and relax, go to the beach, your beautiful beach, nice beach front property," you know, kiddingly. He said, "You're always building nuclear. Just relax. You don't have to do it. Let's build some condos on your shoreline." They actually have gorgeous stuff.

And he said, "I just have to do it because I need it for my safety," et cetera. I got to know him very well. We had no problem with him. If you have a smart problem, if you have a smart, really the right president, the smart president, you're not going to have a problem. And I say it to people, we have a bigger problem, in my opinion, with the enemy from within.

And it drives him crazy when I use that term. But we have an enemy from within.

We have people that are really bad people that I really think want to make this country unsuccessful. When you look at what's happening at our border, Joe, when you have people coming in that, when other countries are allowed to empty their prisons into our country with murderers, we had 13,099 murderers dropped in our country over the last three years.

Rapists? Drug dealers, drug lords, terrorists, people from mental institutions.

Hundreds to hundreds of thousands of major criminals, tougher and worse than anybody we have.

This is years after the fact. The damage was already done.

The bill was nothing. It allowed two million people in. They were going to get amnesty. It was a horrible bill. It didn't protect us at all.

Well, that's not a swing state. I'm going to win Ohio by a lot. So that's not a swing state. It's called Springfield, Ohio, to be exact. Springfield, Ohio, is this very nice community of 52,000 people that just had 32,000 migrants that don't speak the language dropped into their community. You can't get into a hospital.

You can't get into a school. It's gone from a beautiful little place to a horror show. And the mayor is a nice guy. And the mayor says, "We're looking for interpreters." I said, "No. You've got to remove them and bring them back to their country." Mostly Haitians in this case. But they speak no language.

They speak no English. In fact, even the language they do speak, I mean, they can't get interpreters. They can't do anything. And the mayor's trying to be politically correct. They're all trying to be.

In Aurora, Colorado, you have the worst, probably the worst gang. MS-13 might even be, you know, those two are the worst gangs. These are Venezuela gangs. They have taken over apartment complexes, and they're going to want to take over the whole thing. And you have a weak governor, a pathetic governor, who's a radical left Democrat.

He doesn't know what the hell to do. But you have it in many other communities, but they don't like to talk about it because it's, you know, it's bad for the community to talk about it. These people have been let in here by this imbecile. She's and I mean it. She's a low IQ person. Low IQ.

Well, she was in charge of the border.

It was used for shipping, and now it's used to deal with the cartels. The cartel, heads of the cartel, rich people, by the way, these are loaded. These people have so much money. They would call up. Think of this. They call up the app, and the app tells them where they should take their load of illegal migrants from the Congo.

You know, we have a lot from the Congo, prisons in the Congo.

I made a little bit of a sarcastic joke. A man named Dana White, who you love, who I love, I assume you love.

I don't know, maybe. He's one of the big ones. He is the greatest guy. You know, I always say, nobody's indispensable, you know, everybody can be replaced. Maybe you can't be. You might not be. But Dana White, truly, I don't think, you know, he sold it for $4 billion. I said, "Who the hell is going to pay $4 billion?" And they made like a great deal, because of him.

Take him out. I think it's a whole different matter.

He's also the greatest guy. He spoke at the whole thing with, you know, I had just been shot, and he got up and he spoke so better than anybody. I mean, who would be better to introduce you? I asked of all the people, and I know there's biggest people in the world, and they all would have loved to have done it, and I said, "Dana, would you do it?" You know, it was interesting.

He was away. And he said to the people that, you know, one of my guys called, said, "I won't be able to do it. I'm just left with my wife and family." I said, he said, "No, yeah," I was a little surprised. Even though I knew he was very far away, he was in some place, you know, and he deserved it with his family, you know, the whole thing.

And then I said, "All right, let's," and I said, "We'll look at who we're going to get." And all of a sudden, she comes in, "Dana White just said he's going to do it, and he's coming back in tonight. He's taking the," you know, the guy is just an incredible guy, and he's like a tough champion, but loyal.

Yeah, he's got to be one of your favorite people.

So would you have, because you're, what you're doing here is incredible. I mean, everybody tells me, all I know is today I'm going, you know, you're on Joe Rogan take. People are telling me, like, I said, I say, "How the hell do you know that?" But it's sort of, what you've done here is amazing. Where would you be if you didn't do the UFC stuff?

Would you have this show, do you think?

Yeah. Would it be at the same, would it be at the same level?

Will you always want to do, first of all, you love UFC.

I mean, I watch you. You are loving it. They could pay you nothing. You'd be very --

Oh, wow, wow.

And then I came along, and I gave him the site.

You know, just to interrupt you for one second. So they couldn't get a site because it was too dangerous, and everybody was against it, and they couldn't get licensed. And I gave him the first two or three sites, and they were great. And by the way, I went to the first fight, I said, "I never saw anything like this." It was crazy.

It was so good. Take the best fight you've ever -- It was like that fight, right? It was so good that I gave it to him again and again. And all of a sudden, he caught on. And he said, "You know, when I wasn't in Vogue," you know, I've had time. You probably never had a time, but I had times when I wasn't exactly in Vogue.

Dana, they called him, he said, "He's the greatest guy. There's nobody like -- " He said, "I'll never say anything bad about that guy, because when I needed -- " Because they were having a hard time at the beginning. They almost pulled the plug a couple of times, right? He said, "He stood up, and he gave us stuff that nobody else gave us, and nobody wanted anything to do." And he said, "I will never -- " And there was a time where it would have been very popular for him to say bad stuff about me. He said the greatest stuff about me. He said, "You're going to try and get me to say bad stuff about Trump?

I'm never doing it."

He's a fantastic guy. A perfect guy to be at the helm of something so controversial as the UFC.

Less controversial now.

Yeah.

Can boxing make it?

But it seems to be so unimportant now by comparison to UFC, don't you think?

If Dana's involved, he'll probably make it good. You know the amazing thing, though, in fighting? No UFC fighter, they say, has ever died, and it looks to me much more violent than boxing. Many boxers have died. Isn't that interesting? And Dana tells me because they take so many shots to the face.

Which, look, they should do that again. You know, I'm not the fighter, but those 15-round fights were unbelievable.

Yeah. In terms of entertainment. Those were the championship rounds. Those were the greatest fights ever. Those last three rounds were crazy.

That was brutal.

Who's the greatest UFC fighter, are you allowed to say? In your opinion, it's tough for you to say because you do this, but who do you think is the greatest of the fighters?

And Khabib?

And probably never lost a round.

They're great athletes.

Yeah, it's just brutal. That's what fighting is.

You know, I'll never forget, so there was a fighter named James Toney.

And he fought as a very light fighter and he ended up as a heavyweight. This guy went through everything, he was almost like a lightweight. He went from middleweight all the way up to heavyweight, yeah. And beat Evander Holyfield as a heavyweight. And he was a real fighter. Oh yeah. James Toney, and I think it was, say, George --

St. Pierre. I think it was him. Who did he fight? James Toney.

He fought a UFC fighter.

And he's half the size. And he just, once he got to the ankles and back down, he just said, "It's over."

And James Toney, he was nice, but he was talking big, because he was much bigger. He was a pretty big guy.

But I never forgot it. I don't think he knew what he was doing. It was over very quickly.

He sold the fight.

Was he one of the greatest?

And you have a couple now that are pretty good.

If they stopped a little bit sooner, some of them would have had, you know, I mean, there are a couple of, that you just mentioned without mentioning names, and they stopped, they had the perfect, they were unbelievable. And then at a certain age, they start getting knocked out, right?

Well, Anderson Silva was essentially unbeatable. And then he lost a close one, and then all of a sudden he had to go.

Never the same.

It always amazes me how the kicker, I mean, you have those cases, but the kicker will do tremendous damage to somebody's leg, but their leg doesn't seem to get damaged. Isn't it sort of amazing?

It's crazy.

And it's like, that's why you're good at -- Nobody does this better. Without the enthusiasm, forget it.

And you love going in there after the fight, and they're sweating all over you. They're slopping all over you, and you're beautiful.

They're bleeding on you. Sometimes their nose is bleeding. Does that bother you a little bit?

You've done a great job.

You've done a great job.

I brought this chart for you, because I had a feeling you'd be asking me. Thank you. Look at this chart. These are healthier countries. Look where the United States is. I'm going to send this to RFK, Jr. Look at this.

Yeah.

Oh, I am. But the only thing I want to be a little careful about with him is the environmental, because he doesn't like oil. I love oil and gas. I think it's-

So I'm going to sort of keep him out of it. I said, "Focus on health. You can do whatever you want, but I've got to be a little bit careful with the liquid gold."

Here's the one that is the one that's my all-time favorite, though. See the arrow right here? That's the one I left.

To not work with who?

Yes.

I would say that -- I think in many ways they've done a good job. In many ways they've done a bad job. But I would say that the big pharma wasn't thrilled when they heard that -- I've actually always gotten along very well with him. I've known him a long time. He's a different kind of a guy. He's a very smart, great guy.

And he's very sincere about this. I mean, he really is -- He thinks we spend a fortune on pesticides and all this stuff, and then you end up -- That chart is a terrible chart, the one previous. It's such a bad chart when you look at where we are compared to other countries that don't spend 10 cents.

And you save a lot of money. But, yeah, I've had some people that aren't exactly thrilled. You can imagine, right?

It doesn't affect me.

I would say that's an understatement.

Well, look, they've come up with some amazing things. I mean, I don't know how you feel. I know you're against certain vaccines, but like the polio vaccine, people had polio. It was like a disaster. And they came up, Dr. Salk, and he came up with a vaccine, and there's no polio. Now, very interesting, there hasn't been polio, but now in the Gaza Strip, can you believe that?

There's been a big strain of polio coming out in the Gaza Strip.

Yeah. I mean, all I can do is I sit down, and I listen to him, and I'll give it a total- I would love him to be right, because if he's right, it's a lot less expensive, generally.

But those ads, those ads, when you hear, like, you know, take a certain drug-

And then you say, it causes cancer, and baldness, we don't like baldness.

Yeah. And, you know, I actually asked one of these guys, I would never take- I mean, the cost is things that are so bad. They go through a whole list. I guess they save some liability, but, man, I said, "Does that affect the purchase?" And they say, "It really does." When there's something you have, and you read, and then they go through the list of-

Yeah. The potential side effects.

I asked that question. A lot of people hear that. When I hear it, I'm going to take a pass that says, "May affect your vision, may cause blindness, may this-"

Yes.

And the pesticides and things like that on the plants, and what do you think of that?

Right, that's right.

Well, when you look at that chart, I was -- It's crazy. They just gave me that chart because they said, "You may want to discuss this topic," which I know is a big topic for you. And when I looked at that chart, and I looked at how unhealthy we are as a nation, that's a pretty big thing.

No, it's genetics, I believe. You know, I'm a big believer.

I really am. I mean, my father was --

Both of my parents. For me, it's good. Fresh air, exercise. It really is. Especially when you're outside. Even mentally, you're focused on that three-footer for a couple of hours, you know. And I go quick. I play fast, real fast, and I'm in, I'm out. But you know, it gives me -- I was never one that could, like, run on a treadmill.

And I can do it. You know, when passing a physical, they ask me to run on a treadmill, and then they make it steeper and steeper and steeper. And the doctors said, it was at Walter Reed, they said, "It's unbelievable." I could have gone -- I'm telling you, I felt I could have gone all day. But I said, "Doc, I can do this all day long.

I'm not -- I have no problem." But it's boring to me. Do you understand? It's just boring. But I did it for so long. They couldn't believe it that I did it. And I never -- You know, I don't do it. I don't do it. You know, I have friends, they run on this stuff all day long. But I had no problem doing it, but it's really boring.

So with golf or something, you know, or tennis or whatever, golf, as you get older, there's something really good about it. And you have competition with your friends.

And it's a great handicap sport.

It gives you a couple of -- You know, it's interesting. Like with tennis, if you're much better than somebody, you can't really play with somebody. You know, it doesn't work. You can give them sort of the equivalent of strokes, right? But it's not the same. With golf, you can play with a lousy guy and give him a stroke a hole or two strokes a hole or something.

You know, it's a good handicapping sport. But it gives me a little exercise. But I haven't played in a long time. I won a lot of -- I won 32 club championships.

No. What I did is I played with Bryson DeChambeau. Do you know Bryson?

He's a great player. The first thing we played, it was a certain thing that we played, I guess, called breaking 50 or something. 50, we play from a certain key and if you can break 50. And it got tremendous ratings. Sort of like a crazy thing. It got -- He's a great guy.

I don't know. I know I haven't --

I think I did. Yeah. Maybe I did. But I -- You know, I view it very interestingly. I'm running for president of the United States. To me, it's such a big deal. It's so important.

So, I've done now --

It's a hundred times bigger than the Super Bowl and it's one person.

So, you're down to two people and we start off at 9 billion because you have 9 billion, they say, in the world. Who knows what that number is? But you get down to 350 million. Sadly, we have no idea what we have in this country, but let's assume it's 325, 350. And you're down to two people. It's the biggest thing in the world.

And when I heard she took off yesterday and she took off the day before, she's going to take off tomorrow or the next day. I haven't taken a day off in 56 days. That's a long time. I haven't taken one day off. I don't -- I didn't -- I don't want to plug up. This is too exciting. Golf is great, but this is too exciting.

This is more exciting than anything you can do.

It's the homestretch. Who would take a day off? So, we have 11 days left now. And think of it, so I think I've gone 54, 55 days in a row, no days off. And I make speeches oftentimes, you know, sometimes not, but I make speeches. And when you make a speech, and my speeches last a long time because of the weave, you know, I mean, I weave stories into it. If you don't -- If you just read a teleprompter, nobody's going to be very excited.

You've got to weave it out. So you -- But you always have to -- As you say, you always have to get right back to work. Otherwise, it's no good. But the weave is very, very important. Very few weavers around. But it's a big strain on your -- You know, it's a big -- It's a lot of work. It's a lot of work. You've got to be careful of the voice.

You can lose that voice. The voice wasn't designed. I said today, so I made a big one last night. I was in Las Vegas. Big one the night before in Arizona. Big one -- I mean, they're all big. We have the -- There's never been anything like it in terms of crowd. Never been close. Never been close. They say -- He talks about -- The crowd says, you know, it's very interesting.

So we get crowds that are really big.

And I say, you know, I've never had a story -- Because I don't get good press. I don't think I've had a good story in years. I really don't. I swear. You were talking about it a little bit with Oprah. Everybody loved me. I don't think -- I became President of the United States. I did great the second time.

I did much better. I don't want to get you in any disputes, but I won that second election so easy. And not just because -- But here's the thing. I did that. And now I've gotten the nomination again. And don't forget, to get these nominations, you go against very smart people. Ron DeSantis was hot. You had to go through him.

Nikki Haley was hot. You had to go through her. I went through everybody. Record time, right? Record time. I got three nominations in a row. Won the first time. Did much better the second time. You know, I get millions of votes more the second time. And now I'm doing it a third time. And it's an incredible thing.

I never get a good story. I only get bad press. Now, I will say this. It's a lot easier if you're a Democrat. If I were a Democrat --

I would get a lot of positive press.

It's not even believable.

But it's getting younger. Let me tell you. It's getting -- Yes.

Yeah. I was talking about the auto industry. It's a bloodbath because Japan and China are taking our auto -- And I said, "It's a bloodbath." They said, "Oh, he used the word bloodbath.

That's right. That's right.

Well, look at the ratings.

You know, shows like yours.

So I have a son who's very smart and tall, Barron, right? And he knows all about you. He knows about guys I never heard of. He said, "Dad, you don't know how big they are. They're big." You know, he told me how big. I said, "Who the hell is he?" Like Ross. I did. He said, "Dad, he's a great guy." I mean, guys that are doing -- It's a whole new world out there.

And I think -- You know, I'm on TikTok now.

And I've done really well. No, but you know the crazy -- Have you seen the numbers? I've had billions, like billions of hits. It's crazy.

It's up 30 points. A Republican is always down 30 with young people. I'm plus 30. And I'm on TikTok. I think young people -- It's had a huge impact.

It's a big -- There's a big difference now. In just a couple of years, I was shaking hands with people that are young people.

Sure, they come after their political opponent. I've got more guys -- I always say, you know, I kid, but I'm not kidding. I've been investigated more than Alphonse Capone. He was the meanest of them all. He'd kill you in two seconds if he didn't like you, right? I've been under investigation more than Alphonse Capone, only because it's political opponent stuff.

And I've won. I won the big case in Florida. I'm winning the other stuff. You win. But you know what they did? They did something that's only done in third-world countries. They came after their political opponent. I could have put Crooked Hillary in jail.

I heard it. Somebody was defending me today. They said, "No, that's -- " They said, "That's what you're doing to him." They're going, "He's going to put us in jail. He's going to invest -- " That's what you're doing. They said, "That's what you're doing to him." A lot of people say, "Will you do that? Will you do that to him, to them, if you win?" You know, the presidency has tremendous power.

I could have put Crooked Hillary in jail.

No, I couldn't even imagine you have, first of all, Secretary of State, but more importantly, the wife of the President of the United States of America going into jail. And if you ever saw, when I'd say something about her, they'd all say -- I didn't say it. I never said it. They'd say, "Lock her up, lock her -- " And I'd always go, "Take it easy, just relax.

We're going to win this thing. Take it easy. Take it easy." And I'm telling you, I kept it down. Just the opposite. Now they say, "Oh, Trump wanted to put her in jail." No, I saved her from going to jail. They had more stuff on her. And Comey had it, because when Comey got up, and he stupidly, because he's a stupid guy too, he goes, he's a stupid son of a bitch.

He got up, Joe, he got up, and instead of saying she's innocent of all charges, he went over each charge, and each charge was a killer. And he'd go, "And as far as her doing this, she's innocent, and this," and then she's only an unfair prosecutor. But every time you heard these charges, they sounded so bad.

They were bad. And all it was is he wanted more airtime. If he would have gone up and said, "I've thoroughly investigated Hillary Clinton, and she's done nothing that we feel is wrong," it would have ended. Instead, he wanted to be up there, because he's a PR hound. He's a hog. And he starts going through, and you know what he had?

They had a huge problem, because FBI is great. The people there, not the top people, the people, the real people, the people that work there. It's like the real generals that I told you about that defeated ISIS in record time. The FBI guys are great. I'll bet you I'd be at 95% in the FBI.

Yeah. And so here's the thing. So he goes with Hillary, and instead of just saying, he goes through each charge, and even I was saying, "Man, those are bad charges." It sounds terrible, because it's associating her with those charges. Don't forget, this is before I got there. Now he was trying to protect her, but he did her a great disservice.

Yeah, totally.

They do. Well, they not only cut you off. Well, what I'd rather do is, we'll do it another time, and I would bring in papers that you would not believe. So many different papers. That election was so crooked. It was the most crooked election.

Well, let's start. Let's start from the top, and the easy ones. They were supposed to get legislative approval to do the things they did, and they didn't get it. In many cases, they didn't get it.

Anything.

Like for extensions of the voting, for voting earlier, for this, for all different things. By law, they had to get legislative approvals. You don't have to go any further than that. If you take a look at Wisconsin, they virtually admitted that the election was rigged, robbed, and stolen. They wouldn't give access, in certain areas, to the ballots, because the ballots weren't signed.

They weren't originals. We could go into this stuff. We could go into the ballots, or we could go into the overall. I'll give you another one.

Let me just give you one more before. Fifty-one intelligence agents come up that the laptop was from Russia. It turned out to be totally false. Fifty-one former intelligence agents, right? They say that made, I don't believe it's this much, but it doesn't have to. I won by like, I lost by like, I didn't lose, but they say I lost, Joe, they say I lost by 22,000 votes.

That's like one-tenth of one percent less than that. It's a tiny little thing. 22,000 votes spread over, that's spread over this period. So 51 intelligence agents lied. They lied. They lied. They knew it was. It was Hunter's. It was from his bed. It was Hunter's laptop. They said it was created by Russia.

Russia, Russia, Russia. It was the Russia hoax. The Russia hoax was a big hoax. It was all a big hoax.

That is a good example.

They say it made a 17-point difference. That's a big example. But that's only one. And you could go into the ballots where they wouldn't give you access to the ballots. You could go into the ballot harvesting. You could go into $500 million for the lockboxes.

No, it was proven it didn't happen.

I was actually the opposite of a dictator. I was a very straight guy. But look, those three things, you take those three things, each one of them by themselves causes the result to be different.

And then you can go into a hundred other things. There's so many. We can't have corrupt elections and we can't have open borders. We need a, we need, you need to have a country. You need borders. You need fair elections. And I'll tell you the other thing you need is you need a free and fair press. One of the things I like about doing a show like this, can you imagine Kamala doing this show?

She'd be laying, she'd be laying on the floor.

If she did this kind of an interview with you, I hope she does because it would be a mess. She'd be laying on the floor comatose. You'd be saying, "Call in the medics."

I think you have to have the debates too.

Well, you may. I mean, it may get-

Hopefully it wouldn't, but that would be the way to do it. They used to do it that way.

And no crowd. No crowd.

I would rather have a crowd.

But I had no- So they gave me an alternative. I don't think you want to debate.

Because I think they thought I wasn't going to accept it. So I believe what they wanted to do is have me not accept. So they gave me a deal I couldn't refuse. And I said, "I'll do it." Okay. It's like the mob.

I'll take it. So they came to me. They said, "We'll debate Joe Biden. You know, that thing got tremendous ratings, too." That was crazy. But we'll debate Joe Biden. But you can't have a crowd. They also wanted sitting down. I said, "That's the only thing." I said, "Look, you got to you got to stand up. You can't really sit down.

In the old days, they did sit down a little bit." But he gets tired. You got to stand up. And they agreed to it. It was a very tough thing. It almost killed it. They wanted to they wanted to have like desks where we sit. I said, "I think we should stand up." And that was the only thing I asked for. I said, "We got to stand up." I thought it looked bad for like the public.

But they said no crowd and cut off the mic. And I said, "I can live with it." I mean, I can live with it. And they thought I was going to reject it. And then they would say he didn't want to debate Sleepy Joe.

But by the way, with her, number one, I'm leading. Number two, you know, I didn't. They also said it with the primary. So I had like 10, 12 guys, right, in the primary. No stupid guys. I mean, they're governors and they're senators. They're not stupid people. Some are stupid, but not all of them. And all my guys said, "You have to be in the debate." I said, "Why?

I'm leading by 74 points. The closest guy to me, I'm like 60 points, 70 points higher. Why would I stand there like an idiot for two hours and let every one of them scream at me?" I'm going to be the focus. And I said, "I'm not debating." And it was a very smart thing because, you know, they just killed themselves.

Yeah, the Republican primaries. I like debating. I think you have to debate. But I like debating like the Rosie O'Donnell debate. I like debating when you have a great, remember the Rosie O'Donnell crazy thing, Megan? That was a hell of a question, man. If I didn't come up with that answer.

Well, what it was is, you know, that was, we had 28,000 people. That was the Cleveland arena where the Cavaliers played.

LeBron James. I'm not a big fan of LeBron James, but he is a good basketball player. But, you know, that was the, and when I said that, the place went crazy. And she kept talking. No, she had like 10 other.

It was lucky I did it, because she was, oh, she wasn't finished. That question, but she kept talking. To this day, they don't know what she said, but it wasn't buzzed. So anyway, but we had a good time.

Well, how did I do with the Al Smith dinner? I got very good reviews on that.

Tim Walz, yeah. It's funny. That's a real beauty.

So I was, okay, look, let's see how it all turns out. I think we're going to win. I think we're way ahead now. I think we're way ahead. But if they lose, I think they're going to look at two things. They're going to say they should have had a primary, even if it was a short primary.

They shouldn't have picked him. And then she's going to say "I shouldn't have picked this guy."

She lied, too. Little things.

So I did McDonald's last week.

And I actually got a call from your friends at Google, from Sundar. That's pretty good, right? He said, "This is the biggest thing we've had in years."

At McDonald's. Did you know that? It was one of the.

Who's a great guy, by the way. But he said, "This McDonald's thing, I want to tell you, it's one of the biggest things we've ever had on Google. It just hit." But the reason I did, and I actually, you know, you never know about this stuff. I thought it was a throwaway. I didn't think our conversation was a throwaway.

But I thought that was, I thought I'd walk in. And that was only to highlight the fact. And I have a friend. He owns like 56 of these McDonald's. And he said, "Do you want to use one?" I said, "Yeah, I love it." So we went there. And the crowd was crazy. You know, they had 28,000 people around. The whole thing.

Did you see the outside? It was crazy. The cars couldn't get through. Secret Service was not exactly thrilled. We had no idea what the hell. But I went into the place. And I did the French fry thing. And it just hit. But that's like in life. Sometimes you do. I thought it was like a quick throwaway. We're going to be there for 15 minutes.

Then I said, "I've worked here for 15 minutes, which is 15 minutes more than she worked here." She lied about McDonald's. And, you know.

100%. Well, McDonald's has no information. She has no information. There's nobody. The manager said she never worked there. You know, it was a certain place. And he said they never. No, she lied. She's a liar. You know what they do? They'll say like on any one of their questions. Take any. They'll say it's the exact opposite of what I say.

IVF. He's against IVF. Fertilization. And it's the exact opposite. I was. I came out immediately strongly in favor. And they do ads. I'm against it. It's wrong on every single topic. And, you know, she changed policies on 15. I've never seen a guy change, anybody change on more than one. You know, you can maybe get away with one.

Her whole life. Fracking. Every single thing that she was for. The confiscation of guns. She wants to confiscate. She wants to confiscate. Now she's saying everybody should have a gun. In fact, we're going to get her a MAGA cap. I'm going to send her a MAGA cap. But she's changed. And I don't think people are buying it. I don't think people are buying it.

That's true.

I don't understand why. You know, I built five hundred and seventy miles of wall. Everyone said I built a lot of wall. Exactly the stuff. But you have a border. What I don't understand is who would want people to come into our country from places unknown, like sometimes they'll say about a fighter, "from parts unknown." Remember Haystack's childhood?

The oldest. Those are the oldest. That's even before you. But who would want people to come in pouring into our country? We don't know anything about it.

OK. There's a couple of theories. They hate our country. They're stupid. Or they want to buy votes. It's one of those three things. They want it. Now, they are trying to get people registered who, you know, don't even know what the country is.

And they want to. Well, how about what happened?

Two hundred billion dollars. And that's a way low number. That's a way low. You know, it's interesting. New York has always been like, you know, sort of like always looking for money. They've spent a hundred billion dollars on this stuff. I don't know where they. And they're not getting the money from the federal government.

It's crazy. And because the mayor came out and said, we can't live like this. He gets it. By the way, I called it. I said he just got himself indicted. This group is stupid, but they're vicious. They're stupid people, but they're vicious people.

I did.

Oh, I did. I wrote books on it. And by the way, books have been written on it. We have an author named Hemingway who is a great writer. She wrote a book on it. But many books have been written on it. There are books that are. What's happened is judges don't want to touch it. They would say you don't have standing.

They didn't rule on the merits. The merits never got there. The judges didn't have what it took to turn over an election.

So Elon Musk. Elon Musk. I think he said it publicly. I hope he did because I wouldn't want to be the winner. He's a really smart guy. And he's a very good guy with computers. He's one of the smartest people alive. Anybody that can land that 20-story building.

You know France did. They went to mail-in voting, and it was all messed up. You know the amazing thing with the machines? So we have the machines. They cost 10 times more. Paper ballot would cost 8%. And they make paper ballots. They're all watermarked and everything else. Very sophisticated.

But if you take a look. Paper ballots. 8% the cost. And you're done by 9 o'clock in the evening. Now we have these sophisticated machines. And it goes all over the place. And down and around. And they say we'll need two weeks to figure out who the hell won the election.

Yeah, I do. I think it's very crooked. That's my opinion.

Well, if I win, this will be my last election. But I think I owe it to the country. Yeah. But I think I owe it to the country. We have to have fair elections.

You know, Jimmy Carter was in charge of a commission. You know, many years ago. And they put him and Scoop Jackson and various senators, you know, distinguished people that were retired. And they came up with a report. And the report's primary finding was you cannot have mail-in ballots. Because if it's a mail-in ballot -- you know, I went to the voting booth the last time, whatever it was.

And I walked in Palm Beach. And I walk in. And they know me. They said, "Mr. President, could I see your identity?"

I said, boom, here's this, here's that, everything. And then you sit. And they watch you sign. There's not a lot you can do. I mean, if you wanted to be dishonest, it's sort of beautiful. If instead of that, I'm going to send them a ballot -- right. It has to go through the postal services. It has to go through a lot of people.

They mail you houses that, you know, the house was demolished. And the people have left. It's so bad. The one thing with Jimmy Carter, he had a very strong commission. No mail-in ballots. And we're the only one that does elections this way anymore. They've gotten away from us.

And the last election was a little bit of a -- you couldn't even get security guys. Big, strong guys to watch. You know what? You'd call them. They'd call them. They were afraid to go out.

You know, we were in the middle of COVID. Right smack in the middle. And they didn't want to die. You know, they didn't want to catch it. It was like, in a way, it was like a ghost town. And the whole thing, mail-in ballots are a bad thing.

Okay, but here's now the next step. Gavin Newsom, one of the worst governors in the world, and I used to, frankly, I used to get along, but I don't get along with him now, because he's just too, you know, it's just a whole conjun. But Gavin Newsom, the other day signed a bill that you are not allowed to ask a person --

But that's taking it to the next level. Now, you know, you have ID. The Democrat National Convention, when they had it the last time I saw, they had a sign, like a billboard, on the name of the person, where they live, how they live, who the hell their boyfriends are, every single, and a big picture, that's for their, they have an ID, a big ID. It was hanging like you were a prisoner.

They had these massive cards, everything. And yet, when it comes to the vote, in theory, the most important thing we do, okay, when you go to a grocery store, you give ID. But for a vote, it's supposed to be a sacred thing, and it should be a sacred thing. No voter ID, because they want to cheat.

You know the funny thing, Joe? The Democrats, the people, they all think you should have it. In other words, you should have it. If you go to the people, Mrs. Schwartz, Mrs. Smith, Mr. and Mrs. Jones, they say, of course, yeah. Democrats, they say yes. It's the politicians that don't want it. Like Schumer and these guys, they don't want it. Because they want to be able to cheat.

Because you know what? Who's going to vote for somebody that wants to have men playing in women's sports? You know, I have never had one person come up to me and say, "President, you've got to do something to allow men to play in women's sports." Have you ever? It's like I've never been called by a pollster.

I told you my little theory on pollsters, okay? I'm getting myself in trouble with some of these things, but I don't really care. Nobody's ever come up to me and said, we want to have men play in women's sports.

And you know, I had a funny thing at a property I own in California. I have a woman who's a very good athlete, and she works there as a manager. And Brian Urlacher, the big Chicago Bears, great player, you know, 10-time All-Star, I guess, Hall of Famer, great guy, big, strong guy. And she said, "Oh, he's one of my favorite athletes.

Can I have a picture?" And I took a picture and I sent it. And I noticed she was the size of his leg. His leg was bigger than she was. And I put it out. Should men play in women's sports? It was just so ridiculous.

But who wants it? Now, unless you're going to cheat in elections, you're never going to get it. Nobody wants it. I don't think anybody wants it. I've been told everything. Some people want this. I don't know of anybody that wants open borders.

I've never had anyone come up to me and say, "President, you've got to let the world come into our country." Now, if they won, so they have 21 million. I think it's much higher than that because you have gotaways. You know, gotaways where they just walk in. And the other thing you have is human traffickers.

You have traffickers, and they're trafficking women. And they're going wild. Now, we used to -- you know, we have to look at the trunk of cars. Can you believe it? They put women in trunks. They'll put three women in a trunk. These people are savages. They're horrible. These people, and they're making the kind of money they make on drugs, they're almost making on trafficking now.

And the thing that's made it hot is the internet. You think of it almost as an ancient thing, but it's the internet. But who would want to have these things?

Who would want to have -- there's so many, the transgender operations where they're allowed to take your child when he goes to school and turn him into a male, to a female without parental consent. Who wants this? Does anybody want this? I've never heard of anyone, and I can go into ten different things.

The only way they get them is by no voter ID. You can't have voter ID. They want to cheat. There's only one reason, because the voter ID is so basic. It's the most basic thing there is. Who would want this? They want it so they can cheat because their policies are no good. I'll tell you, they're very smart when it comes to that.

Although they're not smart in terms of politics in a way because what do they have that people want? They give away a lot of health care, a lot of stuff. But for the most part, their policies are terrible.

She's running on a tax hike. She's going to raise your taxes. You've got to hear this. We are going to raise your taxes. And the people clap. All my life I grew up where politicians lower taxes. She's politicking that we are going to raise your taxes.

They're going to close up their companies, and other people aren't going to have jobs. That's what happens. You brought it up. I'll tell you what. He's doing a very good job in Virginia. Glenn Youngkin. I don't know if you like him or not, but he's the governor of Virginia. We have a case where they found thousands of illegal ballots.

A judge just ruled that they have to be able to vote. That's what happened today. Just before I walked in here, I heard. A judge just ruled that you have to keep those people in. They're illegal. They're illegal votes. Now, I think they'll be overturned at the next court. One thing I found, because I had a couple of things that got overturned a little bit.

The system -- you have to hope that the appellate judges are honest. Otherwise, we don't have a country anymore. Very important.

It's got to be looked at. You have to have voter ID. You have to have additional ID. You have to have an ID that shows that you're a citizen of the country. They don't want that either.

So I opened them up partially. I was met with, from good people. I mean, you know, look, I mean good people. People that were well-meaning. Mike Pompeo was one of them. He's a good person. They called me. They said, sir, would rather have you not. After, and I did open them, but I was asked by some people not to open them.

There's a Martin Luther King file too, by the way, that they'd like to see. I don't know if you know, but there is that. But JFK in particular. So they called me. A lot of good people called me. People that you would find reasonable people. And they asked me not to do it. So I said, well, we'll close it for another time.

But if I win, I'm going to open them up. I'm just going to open it.

Because a lot of times, there's people that are still living. There are people that are affected. And there could be some national security reason that I don't necessarily have to know about. But some very good, talented people asked me not to do it. I opened it up, and then they said, would it be possible for us to do that a different day?

I think it's going to be just fine to open it. I think it's fine. It's going to be time. It's really a cleansing. So I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it immediately, almost immediately upon entering office.

Well, when there are living people, you generally tend not to want to do it. People are still living.

For the government, and living people that were somehow involved in it. And you tend not to do that. But it's time to open them. I can't tell you whether or not they're going to find anything of interest. And I did partially open it. I think I've opened 50%. But I was asked not to do it, and I thought that was a reasonable ask.

But now I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it very soon. There's a lot of interest in it. There's a lot of interest in the people coming from space, you know. And I know you're interested in that.

A lot.

Well, based on Hunter Biden, I can say whatever the hell I want. But I interviewed a few people. It's never been my thing, I have to be honest. I have never been a believer. Area 51 or whatever it is. I think it's the number one tourist attraction in the whole country or something. Area 51, do you know that, right?

But it's a big tourist site. So I interviewed jet pilots that say they saw something. If you saw them, you'd love to have them.

I don't believe his name, but I interviewed jet pilots that were solid people. Perfect. I mean, great pilots, great everything. And they said, 'We saw things, sir, that were very strange. Like a round ball, but it wasn't a comet or a meteor. It was something. And it was going four times faster than an F22, which is a very fast plane.

And it was round.' Which is, in theory, a great shape.

No.

A little bit. It's not a great interest for me, but it's a little interest. I get that question as much as almost any question. Do you think that we have aliens?

There's no reason not to. I mean, there's no reason not to think that Mars and all these planets don't have life.

Well, maybe it's life that we don't know.

It's not been a big thing for me. When I looked at what China did to this, they would have never done it with me where they put the balloon up. And a lot of people thought for a little while that that was one of these things.

They could be also. It would be of tremendous interest if you had them, as I said, you'd love to have them as your children. Solid, beautiful people. They said, 'Sir, there's something there. There's something there.'

When you fly in some of these jets, these pilots have to be in great shape.

Yeah, as an example. And those are older machines. And they're crazy. When you fly in some of these things, it's amazing.

I think I had a great relationship with the military, basically. But I didn't like certain people. I would have gotten them out if I thought if the election was different, I would have fired all of them quickly. Most of them I did fire. Biden should have fired every military person involved with Afghanistan.

He should have had a lot of firings. If you look at him, he told Israel not to do anything. At least Israel is not going to look at a bomb the way they would have been. Think if they listened to Biden. They'd be waiting for a bomb to drop on their head right now. He's been wrong about so much. I guess you'd have to say that she's been wrong too.

She always said they made the decision together. But Israel didn't follow his advice.

And I think it was a very -- The Middle East is rapidly changing. There are prophets that say the world will come to an end in the Middle East. You know that, right? And we have weapons today that are so scary. I rebuilt them all. And when you look at the weapons we have today, the biggest threat we have in the world today is nuclear weapons.

And we have other weapons too that are devastating. But the nuclear weapons, the biggest threat we have in the world today, and that's what -- I was talking about de-escalation with both China and Russia. I'm telling you, we were going to de-escalate. They were going to de-escalate. You've got to be careful.

It's a little tricky playing with them. Because they say we're going to do it and they don't do it, maybe. But they understood the curse too. It's a curse. China's way behind us, but they'll catch us within five years.

Well, it's a very -- To me it's an easy question because I think I can do it easily, but it's a complex question in the sense that the times change. Every day changes. Who's winning? Who's not winning? I mean, Russia's a war machine. Whether you like it or not, it just grinds along, grinds along. You speak to people like Viktor Orban, he'll tell you.

It's just a big, fat war machine. And that's what's happening. You look at what's happened to Ukraine. If I were there, it would have never happened.

Right now, you would get both of them. I know both very well. And again, I cannot, I do not want to tell you, for the purpose of looking smart to five people that say, oh, he was great.

Because if I told you exactly what I'd do, I could never make the deal. All I can tell you is that I would meet with Putin and I would meet with him, and I know exactly what I'd say to each one of them. And I believe that as president-elect, I would get that war stopped and stopped fast. You know, we have tremendous power in the United States if you know how to use the power.

I stopped other wars just by the use of tariffs. I got Macron of France. Good guy. He's like a friend of mine. But he's a wise guy. And he's a person that likes France. And he was going to tax our companies. And I sent all the smartest guys. I sent Mnuchin. They all failed me. And I said, I'll do it myself.

When I called him, I said, 'Emmanuel, you're taxing American companies. We're not going to allow you to do that.' 'Oh, Donald, I cannot do it.' I said, 'Emmanuel, if you do that, I'm going to put a 100% tariff when your wines and champagnes are coming to the United States, and you're going to regret that you ever did it.' He said, 'Donald, please, that's not fair.' Anyway, within about two minutes, he dropped the whole thing.

And it was massive amounts of money against American companies. I have to protect American companies.

Because they're incompetent. They don't know how to talk. They met in Alaska with the Chinese. And the Chinese lectured them about how badly we treat people. Right? Okay? I mean, think of it. You remember that? They didn't talk to me that way. They respected me. They respected our country. They don't respect our country.

They don't respect Biden. They don't respect her. They're dreaming about her as a smart person. Look, she can't put two sentences together. She talks -- I watched her last night, too. It was the same thing. She's not a smart person. These guys are very smart, and they're very streetwise, and they're very tricky and evil and dangerous.

And if she becomes the president of the United States, which I can't believe can happen, I don't think this country is going to make it. I don't think we'll ever be -- I think just really bad things will happen to our country.

And you know what? I look at the outside forces, and I say, they can all be handled because we have a pot of gold. But we're not going to have that pot of gold to play with anymore. You know, it's a great negotiating thing. I told you, I knocked out this massive car company that's going to take all of our car business from Detroit.

I knocked it out just by my rhetoric. Rhetorically, I said, they'll never sell a car in here. I don't care if they are 2000%.

And the chips.

You do it, but let me just say, that chip deal is so bad. We put up billions of dollars for rich companies to come and give us the good companies anyway. All you had to do was charge them tariffs. If you would have put a tariff on the chips coming in, you would have been able to -- Just like the auto companies, no different.

More sophisticated, but no different. You know, Taiwan, they stole our chip business. Okay? They want us to protect, and they want protection. They don't pay us money for the protection, you know? The mob makes you pay money, right?

But with these countries that we protect, I got hundreds of billions of dollars from NATO countries that were never paying us. And my biggest fan is Stoltenberg, who just left as the, you know, Director General, as the Secretary General. Good guy. He said Bush came, he made a speech. Obama came, he made a speech.

Trump came, he said, 'you guys aren't paying, you got to pay.' And they said, 'will you protect us from Russia if we don't?' I said, 'no, you got to pay if you don't pay.'"

To NATO. When I see us paying a lot of money to have people build chips, that's not the way. You didn't have to put up 10 cents. You could have done it with a series of tariffs. In other words, you tariff it so high that they will come and build their chip companies for nothing. In other words, Joe, you put a big tariff on the chips coming in. I say, you don't have to pay the tariff.

All you have to do is build your plant in the United States. We didn't have to give them the money to build a plant. Besides that, they're very rich companies. These chip companies, they stole 95% of our business. It's in Taiwan right now. They do a great job. But that's only because we have stupid politicians.

We lost the chip business. And now we think we're going to pay. You can't build it that way. You have to make them spend their money in the United States. And those plants would open up all over. And they'll fund them.

We're in the process of making a huge speech in about a little while. How long have we been talking?

I've got to make a speech. But we'll do it again. I want to do it again with you. You are something. I said, how long will this last? Anywhere from an hour to three or four hours.

Good. Well, we'll do it again. I thought it was --

You are a fascinating guy. And --

You have done a great job.

I'm a big fan. Thank you very much. It's been an honor.

I'm going to make a great speech and I'm gonna say -- and if I'm a little off tonight I'm going to blame you.

I'm going to say, I spoke with this guy for three hours. Anyway, it's a great honor to be with you.

Thank you.

Thank you very much. Appreciate it.