I believe I'll be able to get energy down to 50 percent of what it is right now within a period of less than a year.

You have to love what you do. If you don't love what you do, it's not going to work. It's the largest tax cuts in the history of our country. That's why we became so successful. You know what's funny --

Yeah, I think we can go lower. If I don't turn my head at the exact 90-degree angle, if I was a little off, I'm not doing this very nice interview with you.

I am. I'm going to say --

Thank you very much.

Thank you, Dave.

Right.

Right.

Right.

They should be.

Right.

Well, in terms of inflation, you're right. And it's almost inflation over the economy, if you want to really know, because people are getting wiped out like never before. I think it's the highest inflation we've ever had. They say it's the highest in 48 years. I think it's the highest ever. There's never been any mess like this.

And it's because of what they did with energy also, then they topped it with spending with money, that trillions and trillions of dollars that they didn't need that's being just wasted. But the first thing you have to do is get the energy down. If you get the energy down, other things are going to follow.

You want to get the interest rates down, too. And interestingly, even interest rates are going to follow energy because it's going to take that burden off the shoulders of the economy and off the shoulders of inflation itself. And we are going to drill at a level that you haven't seen since, let's say, four or five years ago.

But even more so, we would have been so dominant by this point. If you remember, when you go back to the beginning of this really failed administration that we're in right now, what they did was they turned off the energy, they turned off everything that I had.

It's drill, baby, drill.

True. That -- it says it all. You know, I'd like to use another line, but there's no line that's better, and we're going to drill, baby, drill. But the fact that they turned it off. And then the energy -- if you look back at the very initial period of their administration, the -- the numbers started going through the roof, the energy numbers.

Inflation was caused -- and then they went back to Trump where they're trying to equal it. And it kept it bad, as opposed to horrific. And it's been really bad. And the energy has been very expensive, but nothing like it could have been. So, they went back to Trump-type things. But we would have been now three to four times more.

We would have been dominating the entire world on energy. We have more than anybody else, as you've heard me say, but as you also know.

We have -- I call it liquid gold. We have more liquid gold under our feet than anybody else, actually, by far. We would have dominated. We would have been taking care of Europe. We would have been taking care of Asia. We would have been taking care -- you know, ANWR in Alaska is the biggest find anywhere in the world.

It could be as big as Saudi Arabia. And I got it. Ronald Reagan couldn't get it. Nobody could get it. I got it. It was done, ready to start. And when these people came in, they turned it off. They -- they -- they terminated it. Nobody could believe it.

Right.

It affects --

Yeah. Yeah.

So, I have a little thing that I've been saying lately because I think it's easily achievable. You know, we pay very high energy costs, and especially now, but we're paying very, very high. I believe I'll be able to get energy down to 50 percent, 50, 5-0 percent of what it is right now within a period of less than a year.

That's pretty good. It's going to happen fast, OK? It's going to happen fast.

They're going to drill. They're going to -- they're going to frac. They're going to do things that they -- they have tremendous --

Yeah, we -- oh, we have to. They put them back on. They put regulations back on. That areas that have no environmental real meaning, they don't let them drill. They're -- they're taking leases away, government leases that you're hearing about. I think we can get energy costs down to half of what they -- if we do that --

If -- everything -- all of those inflated prices are going to come down with it.

Right.

Well, he's great.

He did.

Right.

Right.

Yeah, you probably saw my plan, and I think we have something really good. I was, yesterday, in North Carolina, which is great. That was the furniture capital of the world, and China then went in and did a number and took so much of that business -- you know, most of that business. The talent -- I used to go there to buy furniture for hotels and things.

I --

Yup, in Hickory. I was in Hickory yesterday and made a speech. And we're going to bring it all back. What we're doing is it's sort of a two-phase. Number one, I took taxes from 39 percent to 21 percent. You know that better than anyone. It's the largest tax cuts in the history of our country. And that was great.

That's why we became so successful. You know what's funny --

Yeah, I think we can go lower, and I'll tell you what I'm doing. I'm bringing it from 21 to 15, but you have to manufacture your product here and then you pay 15 percent. And then I'm going to put tariffs on countries so they can't come in and steal our business so that our businesses now can be competitive, not that -- I mean, China came in and just stole all our furniture and -- and many other industries, by the way, including steel.

And I saved steel by putting 50 percent and 100 percent tariffs on all of the -- all of the steel that they were dumping. But we're going to do -- so, in other words, this is a dream for you then, we're bringing the tax rate from 21. Remember, it was 39, and it was really 50 if you add state and local and all of the other things.

So, we're going to bring it down from 21 to 15. I got it down to 21, which everyone said was impossible, and got it approved by Congress. So, it's -- you know, it's there. And we're going to bring that down to 15, but you have to make your product in the United States.

Well --

You -- you saw it with me. So --

And you saw it with Reagan. So, at 39 percent, and then down to 21 percent, you would think we'd do half or you'd do much less. In the first full year, we did much more revenue in the United States than we did at 39. In other words, we took in much more money.

Yeah, that's true. That's true. He did. And cost-cutting.

We have plenty of cost-cutting to do, too, and that's OK.

In fact, I'm going to ask Elon, who's a great guy, but he's a pretty good --

Yeah -- oh, that was a great interview.

That was -- that was some interview. We did pretty big numbers, I hear. We did like 900 million people or something. That was a pretty good one. But he's a great guy, and he gave me a full endorsement and all of that. But he -- he's got a good sense on that. There's tremendous cost-cutting that we can do and affect nothing.

Just -- we're not going to affect anybody. We're not going to hurt anybody. We have to save Social Security and keep it good and solid. I don't want to be raising ages or anything. I don't want to do -- they're putting migrants into Social Security. When -- when they get finished, they are -- if she got elected, this country is going bust.

If she got elected, we're going back to 1929 depression. It's -- it would be a disaster for Medicare, Social Security. They're allowing millions and millions of people to come in. You can't use these schools anymore. The quality of life in this country has gone so bad because of what they've done.

Yeah.

Yeah.

Yeah.

The small businesses --

Yeah.

Sure. And he's right.

Well, the best way is just letting them do what they have to do, but we still have to give them a playing field. If we don't give them a level playing field, they will die. And that's what happened before. That's why China came in. That's why all the -- they came in and they came in at a level like nobody's ever seen, and we did nothing about it.

So, the word tariff, to me, is a very beautiful word because it can -- it can save our country, truly. And yet, I think because of graft, because of a lot of consulting payments and other things that are given by other countries, we have so much fighting with politicians on using it. I saved our steel industries by putting tariffs on steel that China came in and dumped.

And you know what they do, they dump and dump and dump. Everybody goes out of business. Then they buy those businesses very cheap, and then they raise the prices to higher than they ever were. That's one of the many benefits that they have if they want to do it. But by putting tariffs on -- as an example, in the furniture business in -- in North Carolina, it was so vibrant, and they stole our business, and they charge us.

If you wanted to build a furniture place, if you want to sell your furniture in China, they won't take it. But if you want to build a plant in China to make furniture in China using their labor, they open it. We're doing the same thing. But a lot of people like, "Oh, well, we don't want to have tariffs."

The country was at the richest point in its history in the 1890s. It was all tariffs. If you looked at William McKinley as an example. He was a big tariff president. They had committees that were put in charge of what to do with the money. We were taking in so much money. And McKinley would say, "Why should we let other people come in and steal our factories and steal our workers and steal our jobs and why shouldn't we benefit?" And he tariffed the other countries, and we made so much.

And then they went to the income tax system later on. But they would actually have -- they had a blue ribbon committee. Our country was so rich, they didn't know what to do with the money. And this blue ribbon committee was set up to determine how can we spend all of this money, and they took it in through tariffs.

But we can turn our country around, make it strong, and then guard it with tariffs.

Good.

Isn't that good?

Yeah.

Thank you.

Thank you.

Yeah.

Yeah.

Well, my son, Eric, is very much involved, and he runs a lot of it. And Don helps out a lot, and Ivanka to a lesser extent. You know, she's a great mother and everything. She did a fantastic job in the administration. All she wanted to do was get people jobs. And she'd go around and see Exxon and see Walmart.

She wanted jobs for people. It's really pretty amazing. She could have had a very glamorous job, and she would have done well. But Eric's done a great job. And I did a similar type of job when I was doing it. Now, I'm doing a thing called running for president, so I don't get --

But we rebuilt Turnberry. Turnberry was considered one of the greatest courses in the world because the land is so incredible, right, with the ocean and --

You know, that ninth hole over there, you're hitting over the ocean. How good a golfer are you?

All right. That's --

Oh, really?

Wasn't that --

That one did well in terms of the ratings.

And he can swing, and he's a great guy. And he is very long, very straight. And you know what? He's a great putter.

One of the best putters. He's one of the best putters in the world. That was quite an exciting thing. We got it down to 50.

Yeah, well --

Even more than one hole, if you want to -- but we -- we -- we did well. We did well.

Well, I -- I like the recommendation business, but what I like best is taking people that are in the company and moving them up. You take a waitress as an example, and she becomes the head of the restaurant, you say, because you know if certain people are good. And when they work for you already, you know, that's better than a recommendation.

But if you don't do that or if you can't do that for some reason, you really need strong references and you need -- and then they have to enjoy their job. If they don't enjoy their job, they're not going to be very good at it.

Yeah. Right.

Right. Right.

So --

We have -- oh, how good is she?

She's a great -- she's a great golfer, by the way.

She's a --

She was good. She was -- she's a beautiful person in every way. She took over that whole Republican convention, meaning Kai, Kai, our beautiful Kai. So, the one thing --

The one thing I always told my kids, no drugs, no alcohol, no cigarettes. Now, in my day, there were no drugs. There was alcohol and cigarettes. And -- and I had a brother that went through a lot with alcohol, and -- and he taught me a lot. He really taught me a lot, my brother Fred. And he had a problem with alcohol, to put it mildly.

And he would always say -- and he was quite a bit older than me. And he'd been through it, and he -- he would say, "No alcohol. I never want to see you drink," you know, very strong. And he'd also say no cigarettes, but -- because, you know, cigarettes are like you don't need. If you don't smoke, if you don't drink, you have no problem with staying off it.

When you do drink and you -- it gets -- it's very hard to stay off it. I mean, I've seen very strong people that cannot get off. But the way you get off is if you never start. If you never start -- I never had a glass of alcohol in my life. I've never had -- I have never had a glass of alcohol if you can believe it, I think largely because of my brother.

I think if I did, I'd probably -- I probably would have a problem, you know, personality type, right? But I -- I never had a glass. I have no longing for it. I have friends that are on the wagon, as they say, and I watch them watching trays go by. The tray is going by. Oh, it's like they have -- you know, it's -- it's a thing that they can't get over with.

Same with smoking, it's tough. I've seen guys just grab somebody's cigarette, they -- they haven't had one in a long time. And to them, it's like the greatest sensation. If you've never smoked, you never -- you just don't have that problem. So, I tell people for their children, no drugs, no alcohol, and no cigarettes. At least --

They do.

They have to like what they do. If they don't like what they do -- they do -- my kids like what they do. And I would say genetically -- I'm a believer in genetics. You know, I like it. I'm -- I'm good at doing certain things. And, you know, racehorses, like two slow racehorses don't produce a Kentucky Derby winner, right? You know, that's not the way it is.

But you have to have an ability at something. And if you don't have the ability, don't do it. But most importantly, do something you like, whether it's your parents or not. You know, your parents want you to go into a business or they want you to go into a store with them if they have a store. I would say that you have to love what you do.

If you don't love what you do, it's not going to work. I've never seen it. If you don't want to get up in the morning and go to work -- now, a lot of people say, "With all the people that come after you, do you really love getting up in the morning?" You understand that, right? I'd be -- I'm attacked at left and right, but I do because we -- we make so much progress.

We're doing great on the campaign, as you probably see. We're leading in the campaign now and doing well. We beat Biden, and we were up so far on him, and then they said -- that's like a fight. You're in a fight and they changed the fighter in the middle of the -- right? In the middle of the fight, they changed the fighter. And now --

We're -- we're beating her very badly. I'd -- it'd be so interesting to see her in your show because I don't believe that she would be able to answer any questions on what you discuss --

Better than anybody else.

I'm sure she would be.

I'm sure she'd love to come.

She wouldn't come.

I am. I'm going to say, "As I was saying."

Right?

Yeah.

Yeah.

Well, I know she -- she was calling. And, you know, I was -- a little tough to take a phone call with blood pouring down your ear.

People don't know, the ear is the bloodiest part. If you get hit in the ear, it bleeds because -- that was a lot of blood. But no, I spoke to her -- by -- by the time I got to the hospital, I had spoken to her. And she was -- she was sort of watching it. She had it held off for a couple of minutes, and then somebody called her and said, "He's OK. He's OK. She said, "

What do you mean he's OK? What does that mean?" She had no idea. And then she went back and pressed it and caught up. No, it was tough for her. Tough for my son, too. He came out. Somebody had said, "Your father just got hit." And he came in, and he was very -- very riled up.

That's a tough thing. That was a tough day. And I don't recommend it for anybody. I got --

I got very lucky or maybe -- maybe more than luck from somebody else.

If I don't turn my head at the exact 90-degree angle, if I was a little off one way or the other, it's --

I'm not doing this very nice interview with you. I wouldn't -- I wouldn't be around to do this interview.

You do.

Yeah.

Yeah.

So, my whole thing is make America great again. All right? That's -- you know, that's why -- why I do it. And we did it. Then COVID came. We did a really good job on that. So, it was always about making it great again. I had that -- I had the country going, just prior to COVID coming in, at a level that nobody had ever seen.

And even if you go all four years, it was so good that even with that terrible interruption that destroyed the world, we had the greatest four years. The economy was so great. The job numbers were the best ever, etc. And I think just that concept of what I had done --

Yeah. But individual things: getting the tax cuts approved, biggest tax cuts in history, biggest regulation cuts in the history of our country, rebuilding the military. We -- we did a job in the -- I rebuilt the whole military. And then you see a lot of that military being given to Afghanistan stupidly because they left the country.

I mean, you know. And now, you see them parading it back and forth. That was, I think, the most embarrassing moment in the history of our country, what they did. But there were a lot of individual achievements that we had, the creation of Space Force. You know, Space Force is now dominating space. And when I came, there was no Space Force.

The first time since Air Force, 78 years, maybe 80 years by now. And we are dominating space now. And we wouldn't be. We were being -- we -- we were in third place by far. And now, we're way in first place. And that's very important. Militarily, it's very important.

Thank you very much.

I do.

It's a great honor. I've watched you for many years. I shouldn't say that because -- but I can say it from both of us. I've watched you for many years and a real pro. Thank you very much.

Thanks, Dave.