Let's go. Let's go.

How are you?

Thank you.

No, I didn't say it. They're liars. You know they're liars. They lie about everything. They've got the worst policy in the world. They lie about every single thing they do. I chose Milwaukee. I said, I do say, and I say it all the time, I said it to you and I said it to anybody that wants to listen, crime is way too high, as it is in many cities, and they got to watch the election because the election results last time in Milwaukee were terrible.

I mean, it was just terrible, what happened. But other than that, I like Milwaukee. I'm the one that picked Milwaukee. And they are just such liars, such horrible people. And we have to turn -- and look, Joe Biden is the worst president in the history of our country. There's never been anybody like him, not even close.

And we have to win this election.

Well, Democrat-run cities.

Yeah. The top 25 cities are Democrat, and they're -- they're run by Democrats and there's crime. You take a look at other cities, there's not so much crime and there's not -- in some, there's virtually no crime, run by Republicans. Big difference.

Well, there's too many guns in certain hands. And certainly, I would agree with that, 100%. And you can do various things about that, and you're going to have to do it, because, in some cities, you do have -- you have the wrong people having guns. You don't have the right people, you have the wrong people.

We have to work with the Democrat mayors. They are -- I mean, you take a look, the -- the big troubled cities are run by Democrats. And, you know, we chose this one because we still have confidence in the mayor. And the mayor really wanted it, but so did other cities. We picked Milwaukee because I wanted Milwaukee.

I actually was the one that wanted it. And then they come out with, you know, the -- the fabrications, which is all they're really good at coming out with. I will say this, we're going to work with the mayors of the cities and some -- in some cases, governors of states, and we're going to solve the city problem.

We have to. We have to get much tougher on crime.

Oh, well, just basic great police work. You have to give the authority and the -- the control back to the police. That's been totally taken away. I was -- when I was president, I brought out the National Guard because, in Minnesota, Minneapolis was burning down. It was burning down. I've never seen anything like it. And the governor is supposed to go. He just didn't want to call.

I got him, and we saved that city. We literally saved that city. The police weren't allowed to do their job. You remember they took over a police precinct? I mean, you can't even believe this stuff. So, we're going to give the police back a -- the honor -- the honor of doing what they want to do. They want to make sure that it doesn't happen.

You know, if a policeman does his job, oftentimes, they're -- they lose their pension, they lose their family, they lose their house. They lose everything. They go after them. And we can't have that. One of the things I want to do is immunity for police where we give them, we grant them immunity. We give them protection from what happens to them.

That's why you see in cities where stores are being robbed and the police are standing outside watching as they walk out with televisions and every other thing. We have to give the authority back to the police. We have to have safe cities. The ones that are most affected are African Americans, Hispanic Americans.

Inner cities are the ones that are -- you look at Chicago. It's unbelievable what's happened to the African American in Chicago. They -- they're losing two, three, four people a day. And, you know, they've had days, they've had weekends where 25 people were shot. And that's like a war zone, and we have to stop it.

Well, they have -- probably, they think because I have a hotel there. I have a beautiful hotel there, a beauty, as good as it gets. But I'm staying here. I was always planning on staying here. It's an hour and a half, maybe sometimes two hours. And again, I chose Milwaukee for a reason. I chose Milwaukee.

And they -- you know, just so you understand. When the Democrats were here, they didn't even hold it, and Biden never came. I think he stood out in the parking lot for about a minute, and then he left because he's --

During the pandemic, yeah. And they did not do your -- your city justice, I can tell you that.

Well, it's not going to be that group. It's going to be that group, perhaps, but it's going to be many others. It's going to be a lot of the people that have poured in from prisons and from -- if you take a look, from mental institutions. They're being emptied out all over the world. It's going to be much more than that.

They're not stopping there. The only reason they're allowing all of these people into this country is for the vote. And, you know, for a while, people weren't sure why would somebody do it. They're allowing them in. They want to try and sign them, but vote. They're doing it now. It's an illegal process. We're -- we're going to stop it in court.

If the courts don't stop that, then the courts should be ashamed of themselves. But they're trying to get votes and this is all about votes because they're way behind in the election. Biden's way behind in the election. We just had a great poll coming out of, actually, Wisconsin. We're doing very well in Wisconsin, as we have in the past.

And frankly, they're doing that just for the purposes of the election.

Well, we'll look at DACA and I've looked at DACA for a long time. We dealt a lot with DACA. It's a complex issue. But there are some people that deserve to be here, but there are a lot of people that don't. When people pour into the country from prisons, they're murderers, they're drug dealers, and they're gang members and we want to make them citizens, I'm not in favor of that.

We have to look at individual cases, but they're not looking at that. They're using that as an excuse to sign up people from all over the world that shouldn't be here. It's just an excuse.

Well, I'm doing really well, better than any Republican has done in a hundred years, actually. And I think that when they look at criminal justice reform, that I got that nobody else got. I got it. And without me, they couldn't have had it. And other presidents tried, including Obama, but they couldn't -- they just couldn't get it. Obama tried with Biden, and they couldn't get it done.

And a lot of people tried. I got it done, criminal justice reform. Opportunity Zones. I got Opportunity Zones done with Tim Scott, the senator from South Carolina, a great guy, and he had this idea, and we put it into practice. And it's been one of the most successful economic development programs ever. We did the historically Black colleges and universities -- universities and colleges, and we were able to get that funded, which, for years, they've never had any funding.

They'd have to come on a year-by-year basis. We got long-term funding, more money than they needed, more money than they asked for. We gave it to them because we felt they needed it. I got very familiar with the heads of those colleges and universities. I say, "Why do you come back every year?" They felt -- and one of them looked at me and said, "We feel like beggars.

We come back to Washington every year to come, you know, for money." And I got them long-term financing. I got that taken care of. And I think when the Black people and Hispanic people, too, the jobs, they look at their job numbers, they look at all of the things that we did. Nobody has done -- and I say this, nobody has done more for the Black person, for the Black people, than anybody than me since Abraham Lincoln.

That's a big statement, OK? Abraham Lincoln. That's a long time ago. But there's been no president that's done for the Black people what I've done since Abraham Lincoln.

Thank you.

Thank you very much.

See you soon.

OK. See you.