Right.

Well, I think really what we -- what the strategy is, is to talk about the four years we had. We're the greatest economy ever. We rebuilt our military. We had the biggest tax cuts, bigger than the Ronald Reagan tax cuts. The things we've done are pretty monumental things. Almost nobody, even with an eight-year term, has done what we did.

Biggest regulation cuts, biggest tax cuts, Space Force, we rebuilt our entire military. We had no wars, other than I defeated ISIS. I defeated ISIS. And everybody said that would take years, it took me one and a half months. We have an incredible military, and it's not going woke, except some fools at the top.

We have a great, great military. We did it in one and a half months. Totally defeated ISIS, 100%. So, they see what happened. They see things that were -- we did on a medical basis. The vets see what I've done for the vets. We had the highest approval rating in history, 92% approval rating with our vets, the Veterans Administration.

And they look at that, and that's basically what I talk about. You know, much easier than the first time, because the first time, I said, I will do things. But we did all those things and much more. We had the safest border in the history of our country. And now, we have the worst border in history. We will make it safe again, and it will be safe again very quickly.

Well, I think she's going to be on our team because we have a lot of the same ideas, the same thoughts. I appreciated what she said. You know, we had a nasty campaign. It was pretty nasty. But she's a very capable person, and I'm sure she's going to be on our team in some form. Absolutely.

In this hometown.

Well, we have so many. I don't want to do that, but we have so many. You could take people like Ben Carson. You could take people like Marco Rubio, J. D. Vance. I mean, there is so many -- Elise is doing a fantastic job. But I could go on for quite a long time. We have many people that would do a really fantastic job.

Sometime during the convention.

Well, when you have somebody like tonight, we had Ruben Diaz Sr., who is one of the most respected Hispanics in the country, come out and just give us a full-throated endorsement, that's a big thing. But we've been doing very well. We did well in the last two elections, actually. So, there seems to be a kind of a relationship that I have with the Hispanics.

They're very entrepreneurial people, very smart, very energetic, and they like me. And I like them.

We're going to have no choice. We have many criminals coming in. They're coming from all over the world, not just from South America. And they're coming out of jails and prisons. They're coming out of mental institutions and insane asylums, and many terrorists. And we have to take them out. We have to get them out of the country.

We have to deport them. No country can withstand this. This is an assault. It's an invasion. We are being invaded by millions of people. I think you have 16, 17 million people. That's bigger than almost any state. And it's not sustainable, and we will be doing a large deportation, especially immediately with the criminals.

When you have people that are murderers being let out of jails and they're being put into the United States, bad things are going to happen.

Well, we have a perfect case. Every single lawyer and legal expert, every one of them, scholars, Alan Dershowitz, John Turley -- you take a look, Jonathan Turley, every single one, Andy McCarthy, Mark Levin, Gregg Jarrett, the biggest, the best, every single one of them said there was no crime, "He did nothing wrong, he did nothing wrong." This is a political hoax.

This is a way to try and help Biden get elected because he's incompetent and unable to run on his own. And I can tell you, we have a judge who's highly conflicted, very, very conflicted, like probably no other judge anytime, anywhere. We have a perfect case. There is no crime. There's nothing wrong. We did nothing wrong.

Other people did things wrong, but we did nothing wrong. But you have a conflicted judge. He should not be -- he should have recused himself. He should be taken out by the Appellate Division. I don't know that they do that. But it's very bad for our country. But every single legal scholar of note in the country says this is something -- and by the way, if it was brought, it should have been brought seven years ago, not in the middle of my campaign.