Oh, I like that. I like that.

Yes.

Well, I think you're honoring the Catholic Church. And, you know, I've been a longtime supporter, and I'm surprised she's not here. I think she's the first one in many, many -- in decades, actually, to miss it as a candidate. It has always been a tradition. So, I'm happy only that the Catholics are going to vote for Trump now.

But no, look, I have a special relationship with the Catholic Church, and I -- I think it was very important to be here.

No, I don't think so. It's just beautiful to me. I mean, I -- I look at the whole thing, the words and the pictures. The pictures are so beautiful. And yeah, I put up some stuff. Somebody else asked me that same question.

And it's really that. I think it's really very beautiful.

Right.

No, no. I am like Ronald Reagan before me. The exceptions are very important to me, and that's the life of the mother, rape, and incest.

And -- not at all. I'm very proud of what we did. Everybody wanted it to be back in the states where it belongs. And the states are voting, and, frankly, some of the votes are very liberal by comparison to what people may have thought. But it's now back in the states. It's an issue that's torn the country apart for 52 years.

And no -- and everybody wanted it: Democrats, Republicans, conservatives, liberals, everybody. And all legal scholars wanted it back in the states. And now, we did that. And I have to tell you, I give great credit to brilliant Supreme Court justices. We had six brilliant Supreme Court justices, and they had great courage.

And now -- the country will now come together.

Well, I was the only one that did that. As you know, no other president did that. And we're going to be giving that a very good, serious look: in other words, how that compares and competes with the states.

But we'll be giving that a very serious look.

Well, you know, I haven't been asked that, but it sounds to me like a pretty good idea, frankly. But even Catholics, a lot of them, they want IVF. It's fertilization, basically. And, you know, they view that as helping a family, helping parents have a child. And it's a very popular thing. But certainly, if there's a religious problem, I think people should go with that.

I should be -- I really think they should be able to do that, but we will look at that. Nobody -- nobody has asked me that question.

That's OK.

Well, it's ridiculous that she says that, in turning the military. I'm not. These are the really -- these are the threat to democracy, people like -- actually like her with her language. You know, she's the most liberal senator in the Senate, not as smart as most of them, but she's certainly more liberal.

And she likes to say that. Turning the military, how ridiculous is it? But I will say this: The enemy from within, we do have an enemy from within. We have people that are, I think, more danger to our country when you see the radical-left programs that they're espousing. And we have a true enemy from within.

They hate when I say that, but whether we like it -- and I think, in many ways, it's more dangerous from the outside enemies that we have.

Well, as you know, we had the strongest borders we've ever had. Just four years ago, we had the most powerful, the strongest. We let people in, but they have to come in legally. And I don't think that's changed. We want people to come into our country, but they have to come in legally. As you know, they allowed people to come in from prisons and, frankly, murderers; the 13,099 murderers, where they were let out of prison, convicted murderers.

And some killed more than one person. Some killed more than five people. And they're now free in our country. And we're going to have to get them out, and we're going to get them out fast. Nobody wants that. No. I want to have people come into our country legally, but we have to have strong borders and good elections.

Well, we seem to be winning, and we were way up on Joe. We had the debate, and the numbers were very strong. And I just see numbers that are very similar right now. They're very similar. So, we'll see what happens. I hope we win because we want to make America great again.

It's a stance that I've taken from the beginning, and I'll keep it. I wouldn't change it for anything.

Well, I think he wants them to vote for me. And I stand for really everything that you stand for and that the Church stands for. And she doesn't. She's a very different kind of a person. She's a Marxist. Her father was a Marxist and still is a Marxist. And they are not big into religion, I will tell you.

And I'm not just talking about the Catholic religion. I'm talking about any religion. The whole Democratic Party has gone really radical left, and I'm the opposite. I am totally in favor of religion, and I also like the Catholic Church a lot.

Thank you very much.

Thank you. Good.