That was very quick.

Good to know.

Lawrence.

Oh, I have a lot of jammers --

I do.

OK.

Good job. Wow.

There we go.

I'm good. This is very nice.

I've never sat in the middle.

I've always sat on --

I've never see anybody sitting in the middle.

This is good lighting. How do we look? Oh, not so good.

Lighting is very important. No, let's turn down the lights. No, I'm only kidding.

Nice room.

I thought it was great. I thought -- you know, it was for the Catholic church really and for a lot of good people, a lot of good causes. And unusually, she didn't show up. You would have thought she would have shown up last night. You were surprised. We were all surprised. But they told me it's only teleprompter for the comedian. I said, "Give me the --"

No, no, I didn't get -- so, I had to do it sort of like -- and I liked it better. I think I liked it better. But, you know, when I -- when I went, I said, "Is this a teleprompter speech?" And I had a pretty long speech. And they said, sir, we don't use teleprompter. Then, I get up there and see the comedian using it.

And he was good, too, by the way.

I thought he was good, yeah.

Yeah, I do.

Right.

Well, I've had a lot of people helping, a lot of people -- a couple of people from Fox. Actually, I shouldn't say that, but they wrote some jokes. And for the most part, I didn't like any of them, but I got --

Go ahead.

Catholic church helping the poor, educating children, and supporting the vulnerable. But if you really wanted Vice President Harris to accept your invitation, I guess you should have told her the funds were going to bail out the looters and rioters in Minneapolis. And she would have been here guaranteed.

She would have been here guaranteed. It's a true pleasure to be with you this evening. Amazing pleasure. And these days, it's really a pleasure anywhere in New York without a subpoena for my appearance. Anytime I don't get a subpoena, I'm very happy. But, unfortunately, Governor Walz isn't here himself.

But don't worry, he'll say that he was. He's going to say he was. But I have to be careful, however, to understand that this will be the first time in the history of this event where jokes will be fact checked, and they will be. All polls are indicating I'm leading big with the Catholic vote as I should be, as I should be.

But I don't think Kamala has given up yet. She hasn't. Instead of attending tonight, she's in Michigan receiving communion from Gretchen Whitmer.

You know, I know him very well. I guess he doesn't like -- but he likes me enough. It's -- it's a little bit -- it's hard to explain. You know, I gave him his first check. When he was young, I was young, it was his first check. I don't know, is that good or bad? But it was the first check that he ever got.

He was running for, I think, assembly up in New York. And he got it from me, so --

You can blame me for --

Yes.

The weaponization. No, it's -- look, I've been investigated more than Alphonse Capone, I say it. But Adams, he came out against the immigrants, you know, against the destruction of New York, frankly. He did the right thing. I said, "He will be indicted within six months." And he was. They indicted him now.

Now, I don't know if it's legit. I haven't looked at it. But it seems very suspicious when he's -- you know, he comes out against something they're doing -- they're destroying the country. They are destroying our country. He was right. I -- I go down the streets of New York. I went down the streets of New York two days ago, and I'm looking at migrants all over Madison Avenue, all over Fifth Avenue.

I've never seen anything like it. I'll tell you, I've never seen -- this is New York. You see empty stores. You never saw empty stores on Madison Avenue. You never see them. It's a -- it's a shame. He did the right thing, but he got indicted. And they play weaponization. These are an evil group of people.

These are really a bad group of people. I'm doing well with my stuff. I won in Florida. I won -- I'm winning all over the place. But, you know, what they want to do is keep him busy. Let him spend plenty of money fighting it, and let him maybe -- but I think, so far, it's backfired because the public understands.

The win in Florida, that was the big case. That was the case, "Oh, you're going to lose." Now, he actually lost because he had documents, but he didn't have the presidential --

Yeah. It was the documents case. That was like, they say, the big one. I don't know what's the big one, but the big one. And we had a very brilliant judge, a very fair judge. And I won the case. I won the whole thing. He didn't win. They said he was grossly incompetent. And based on that, they're not going to charge him.

But the funny is he can be president, but he can't go to court. They say he can't go to court because he's incompetent. So, he can't go to court, so that's OK. But he's allowed to be president. So, there's something wrong with our country when that -- when that happens.

But I thought last night -- I thought last night --

God was not with her.

OK. I think that she's not competent. I don't want to say this kind of stuff, but we can't live with this. We're not going to be able to live with it.

I don't think she's funny. I don't -- look, her staff, she's got -- 5 percent of her staff stayed with her, 95 percent quit. If that happened to me, I'd be front page of every -- nobody likes her, nobody wants to be with her. And I only say this, I don't like even saying it, but we can't have her as a president.

She's a Marxist. We're not ready for a Marxist. Do you agree with that, Ainsley?

And she -- and she's not very good. Let's face it.

Yeah.

Not working too well.

Well, first of all, the question is pretty rough question because, you know, you're giving this whole argument of this woman that I don't think she knows where she is. She's a low-IQ person, she's not smart. Everyone knows that didn't even pass her law exam. It was a big thing. She never thought she was going to be able to pass it.

You know, if you tell me this stuff, I'll say it. I am a person that -- they are a threat to democracy. These people are misinformation people. They'll say, "Let's go out with this one." They've tried many different things. They tried "He's a dictator. He's going to take over the whole world. He's this."

Every week, they try something else. So, far, it hasn't worked. I guess that's the attack they have for this week. It doesn't seem to be working. I am the most stable human being. Remember they said "a stable genius." I am the most stable human being. I've been doing this for a long time. We had four years of greatness.

We had the greatest economy in history. We had the greatest border. Brian, you were down there.

We had a border that was the best we've ever had in the history of our country. There's never been anything like it. I built 551 miles of wall, which is far more than I said I was going to build when I campaigned. I had a border where the drugs were at the lowest level, the human traffickers -- in women, they traffic in women.

Everything was at the lowest level. I got kudos from -- excuse me, the -- the Border Patrol gave me with thousands of people unanimous -- every single one --

They endorsed me.

What can you do better than that?

I did.

You guys are the same as me, it's the same stuff. We were born the same way. I grew up in Queens and all of that. I mean, you know, it's -- I had a great father. I had a father who was a great guy. He was tough but good big heart, big, big heart. And he was a construction guy pretty much and a real estate guy, and I learned a lot from him.

He was great. But I know -- I know you people so well. Without knowing you, I know you so well. When I walked in here, I said this is -- this is home territory.

It was like people that I grew up with actually, you know, all different types, everything perfect. The area was incredible. The traffic, the -- there were thousands and many thousands of people standing outside this barbershop. The owner was great with his son. The son is actually the owner. He's already made that passage.

But the -- the people were fantastic. We could have stayed there for two hours, right? It was great. I had --

Yeah.

I just saw a Hispanic poll. I'm at 52 percent. Nobody's ever seen that before. Republicans have never been there before. I'm at 52 percent. And with Black men, I'm at 32 percent and 31 percent. This is sort of throwing their -- their formulas off a little bit. You know, this is a --

This is a little bit of a change. But look, we ran a great country. We had everything going. The world respected us. We had no wars. This group will cause us World War III. They have no idea what they're doing. And, you know, I hate to talk that way, but we can't let this woman get in.

It's two people, and she's a very -- and you talk about unstable. She's a whack job. And how about the -- how about the vice president? How about Walz. I mean, he's not qualified to be doing this. He is -- I mean you have to look at the vice president very seriously. And you compare him and JD Vance, JD Vance, No.

1 at Yale, you know, the whole thing. I mean, high academic -- I mean, JD Is doing a phenomenal job.

Yeah.

But you know the difference? In the old days, you never played negative ads. In other words, when I leave here, I'll then be hit by five or six ads. And in the old days, you never had --

Yeah, well, in the old days. But -- in the old days, which wasn't -- so when I leave, I'll have 12 people from Kamala on and, you know, pretty much unopposed for 19 days. I don't think we should do that anymore. I think you shouldn't play negative ads. It's very tough. You do a show, and I complain all the time about it.

I love complaining, I love complaining. I like to have everything perfect. But when I leave here, I'll have 200 people from --

And, you know, by the time you do it, you say, "What are you doing?" It's sort of a net --

A net neutral.

We'll see what happens.

Yeah.

Well, I think --

I think -- yeah, no, I wouldn't do that. I think in terms of effort, which means something but -- I give myself an A plus, OK, effort. But -- but that's -- you know, results are more important. In terms of messaging, I would give myself a C or a C plus.

So, look, I've had three campaigns, and I won the first one. I did much better in the second one, getting millions more votes. And this one, I can say there's more enthusiasm. And we had a lot of enthusiasm for both. You know, I won. I did -- we got 10 to 12 million votes more the second time, which is a lot.

Never happened before. I think this is the best campaign --

Oh, for effort --

Nobody works like me.

I think I have to go higher than an A.

Well, message, I'll have to tell you that in, you know, on -- on the sixth, I think.

And I'll put that on your show so you can interview me in a year --

But I don't -- but we're going to bring energy prices down. That's going to bring the inflation and the cost down. We're going to make this thing really good. We're going to bring a lot of companies back into the US. Jobs are going to be good, everything is going to be good. And everything was good when I had -- look, we had the greatest economy in the history of the country five years ago.

Go back in, five years ago, we had the greatest economy in the history of the country. And now, we have a horrible economy from the standpoint that inflation ruined -- I had no inflation. Inflation ruined the economy, just ruined it. And I gave them inflation-free. I gave them almost no inflation, and it carried on for two years.

And then they went out and borrowed like $7 trillion, which was so stupid to do. And when they borrowed that, it all blew up. The other thing they did is they blew up the energy policy. I had the best energy policy this country has ever had. We were energy independent. We will soon be energy independent and energy dominant. We'll be selling all over the world.

That is so --

No.

Yeah.

Well, a lot of the people that you had last night will be a part of it. We had some tremendous people. And that room really had some great people.

Oh, I put him in, right?

Honestly -- and he looked good, he lost weight, he looked nice and thin, I said, "What are you doing?"

Right?

No, he's a great guy. And that's why I did it to a large -- you know, by the way, he called me during COVID, and he said the Catholic Church needs billions of dollars to keep the school going. And the schools are -- you know, they run great schools. And I got him the money during COVID, and I think it meant a lot to him.

I think it meant a lot to the Catholic people. I got him $1.7 billion --

And they had a great school system during COVID, and they kept it open.

Yeah.

I thought I got out of it.

No, it's all about the weave. You know, sometimes I get -- they say it's either a genius, it's so brilliant, I go from here and then it being -- but you always come right back --

To where it's supposed to be.

Some say it's total genius, some say, "Oh, wow, what's going on here." No, it's -- it's pretty good, I tell you. Look, I think it's a little bit early. I have great people at every position, but I don't like talking --

Like maybe every minute of every day.

Oh, he's going to be a part of it.

He had a big impact because he's -- he's very much into women's health and health, and he's very much into the environment, which a lot of people like. People really like him. He looked good last night.

Yeah. Yeah. He is in good shape.

I saw the pictures, Brian, of him with the whole thing and --

No, it's pretty good.

I'd do it. Would you like me to do it?

One day.

Yeah.

Well, he said that if we don't win this country, it's finished. He actually says it. He says, you know, that they are the threat to democracy. They're all about sound bites and -- these people are sick. They have people -- you know, I talk about the enemy from within, what -- what person wants to have open borders? What person wants to have men playing in women's sports? What -- all of this stuff, it doesn't make sense.

It's no good, it's horrible. But they have an open border. They're going to always have an open border. We'll have -- so they let 21 million people into our country. Of the 21 million, 13,000 were murderers, 13,099 to be exact, drug dealer -- and this is all over the world. This isn't just South America.

Drug dealers came in, everybody's coming in. They emptied their jails from all over the world. They emptied their jails into this -- into our beautiful country. We have a problem. I mean, you know, we have to straighten it out. We have to get these people out. They emptied jails from all over the world, jails.

In those jails, you have dealers, you have murderers, you have gang members. They took all their gangs in Venezuela, dumped them into the United States. You know, Venezuela crime is down 72 percent because their criminals are in the United States. And it's going down further --

Yeah.

Can you believe that?

You know, the Democrats say -- the Democrats say, "Well, it's not that bad." They've taken over big sections of the town --

With weapons that -- the army doesn't need that.

By the way, it's a big proportion --

OK, then we --

Then we start thinking.

Then we start thinking. Because, you know, look, you're talking about millions of people, you're talking about 21 million people --

In three years. Just so you know, they will let this happen. If they win the election, they're going to open up the border, and the border is going to be open for four years. You'll have 200 million people come in.

We have no idea. They tend to be not the best for a reason because the countries send them out. The countries are not sending their best people out. I've been saying this for a long time. They're not sending their best.

It's just common sense, Brian.

When a country sends people out, they're not saying, "Hey, let's take our best people and send them to the US." They're sending -- they're sending their rapists, they're sending their murderers. We have a big country -- look at what's happening in Springfield, Ohio. Look at what's happening in Aurora.

Aurora is amazing. Do you know there are many Aurora's right now, but you haven't heard about them?

It's only going to get worse.

By the way, they're destroying our country, destroying this country.

I looked at -- I looked at -- I'm telling you, I drove down Madison, the first time I've ever seen vacant stores. And I see migrants from foreign countries, the people that came in --

They're sleeping all over the streets.

Look, I think I do very well with women, and I think it's all nonsense. I see the polls, and we do well.

You have one issue, you have the issue of abortion. Without abortion, the women love me. Now, they like me anyway, because what I've done is so good. I've taken this issue out of the federal government and put it back to the states where they're voting. And I believe in exceptions and most people do for rape and all -- you know, rape, incest, life of the mother.

But I've done so, and I think I've taken an issue.

Let me just say, that issue has torn our country apart --

For 52 years. No legal scholar, no Democrat, Republican, no liberal, conservative wanted it to be in -- in Congress. They wanted it to be out of the federal government. I got it out through six very brave judges who were also brilliant.

And now, they're voting. Ohio voted and it's actually a very liberal vote. Kansas, very liberal vote. But people are voting. They wanted it to be in the states and a vote of the people. But that issue may be some women --

But they're going to find -- the country is going to --

Well, the country is coming together now over there --

And they're getting to vote. They're actually voting on the issue.

Yeah, I'll do what I have to do. But let me just tell you. Nikki Haley and I fought, and I beat her by 50, 60, 90 points. I beat her in her own state --

By numbers that nobody's ever been beaten by. I beat Nikki Haley. I beat everyone else, too, badly. I beat -- I mean, frankly, I set records, both in speed and in the magnitude of the win. And everybody keeps saying that. They don't say get Ron, and Ron did very well. But again, I beat everybody by numbers that have never happened before.

And they keep talking about Nikki, Nikki. I like Nikki. Nikki, I don't think, should have done what she did, and that's fine that she did it. But even in her own state, in South Carolina, where she was the governor, I beat her by a number that nobody ever heard.

By 50 points or something. And then they say, "Oh, when is Nikki coming back in?" Nikki is in. Nikki is helping us already. But it's just people keep saying, "When do you bring --" they don't say, "When are you bringing this one?" Everybody is in. And Nikki is already in. You know, she's out campaigning.

And Elon Musk is -- look. I watched a rocket ship land four days ago.

I watched a rocket ship -- you talk about people. This guy is unbelievable. I was on the phone. I'm talking to somebody on the phone, blah, blah, blah, and I'm half falling asleep, an important guy, but a very boring guy. And I'm like this. And the television is sort of like -- the sound is off. And I see this massive, like, 20-storeys -- you know, the thing is like 20-storeys tall.

And I'm looking -- I thought it was a space movie or something.

I did -- this guy is so brilliant. And I watch it come down, and it's gone -- and you can see it's still in good shape, but it's burned to hell because it was traveling at 10,000 miles an hour.

You know, so it's like a piece of fire, and it's coming down. And I said, "Oh, man, that's going to crash into the gantry."

Right?

And I said -- and then I see the two arms grab it, and it's like perfect. I said that could only be Elon. I called, he said, "That was me." So, think of it. This guy is campaigning. He is actually campaigning for me in Pennsylvania.

He thinks that my winning -- and a lot of people love him. I mean, he is -- you know what he did with that Starlink, how he helped North Carolina.

And Georgia.

I mean, they had no communication.

He had it there in record time. I called him, I said, "Could you do --" They asked me do I know him. "Yes, I know." He gave me the nicest endorsement really of anybody.

Having his endorsement meant a lot.

OK.

Yeah.

I have.

I want one immediately.

OK.

I'm going to get your energy down to the lowest it's been. We're going to get it down by 50 percent immediately. Those ovens that you use are going to be half priced. You will be so happy because I'm bringing it down with energy.

Energy -- and we're going to allow gas stoves, all the gas stoves you want. That's the other thing. They're restricting all the good stuff.

They're restricted. You're going to have a beautiful gas stove, and you're going to have -- mark my words.

Your energy costs will be 50 percent down. That's going to bring everything else down. You're going to love Trump.

Yeah.

Right.

OK.

Well, thank you very much. It's all about school choice. You know that's one of the biggest things on my platform. It's about school choice. And it's -- also, we're going to move, get it out of Washington. If you look at our schools, we spend more per pupil than any other -- any other country, Norway, Sweden, Denmark.

I hate to say this, China, can you believe? Top five.

They have great school programs. We are No. 40, which is sort of like at the bottom of the list. We spend more per pupil than -- we're moving everyone -- we're moving it all out of Washington, and we're going to let the states run the schools. So, you give the schools to Iowa. They're going to be another Norway.

It's going to be great. You give them to so many different states. Indiana, they're dying to do it. They can do it for less than half, and you will have those states competing with the best --

It's going to go.

And every building in Washington, you know, you go by Department of Education. I'm going to have one person working there maybe with a secretary. I don't mean a secretary, secretary.

Because we want to make sure they're teaching English.

Right? Let's say reading, writing, and arithmetic.

Not transgender. We're not going to be

All of that. Absolutely.

Right, right.

Right.

School choice is one of the most important things we're going to be doing.

Because we have the worst -- think of it, out of 40, we're No. 40.

And yet, we're No. 1 when it comes to spending per pupil. Does that sound good?

I would sign it. Anything to do with school choice.

But also, separate from school choice. We're going to take the Department of Education, close it. I'm going to close it. We'll have one person, could be you if you decide to retire.

You'd be central casting.

Then we don't send them -- then we don't send them money. We would save half of our budget.

And we're going to send -- but if they want to do that --

No, no. They -- well, we've lost control. We're -- we're No. 40.

We're last on the list. We're the worst there is, and we spend more money there. And a lot of states -- look, you know, what's going to happen. The states that are well-run now, like I don't want to say specifically because -- but you take Indiana, it's so nice. No debt, no debt, everything is good. Our beautiful Iowa, right, that I win every time.

Take -- every one of those states. So, let's say out of the 50, we have close to 40 like that. Then, you have the laggards run by guys like Gavin New-scum, who is -- you probably won't do as well there. But they -- you have to watch it a little bit more.

No, if they want to get cute, then you don't send them the money.

Well, you know, we had a great first term. We had the greatest economy we've ever had. We had the strongest borders we've ever had. We rebuilt the entire US military. Unfortunately, they gave a lot of it to the -- to Afghanistan in one of the worst times ever. I think the biggest thing for me in terms of government is great people.

I had great people. I had a lot of great like Bob Lighthizer in trade. We had great people, but I had a couple of clinkers that I would not want again. And I know -- I didn't know -- you have to understand. I was there 17 times in my entire life. All of a sudden I'm president. I'm saying, "Wait a minute."

And I'm -- people are recommending different people. Of the people, usually we got it right, but there were some ones that we didn't get right. I now know everybody in Washington. I think it's been enforced. I know people in Washington that nobody ever heard of.

I think I'll be the most experienced guy. I know the good ones, the bad ones, the dumb ones, the smart ones, the loyal ones --

The people that want to --

Oh, I'll give you a list.

Most of them -- most of them are the people that I fired. You know, when you fire -- you know, Biden has never fired anybody. Never. He should have fired a lot of generals and a lot of people for Afghanistan, as an example. I took out ISIS, I promote people. I beat ISIS. It was supposed to take five years, it took one month. I did it in one month.

We have unbelievable generals. We have unbelievable military. But not the guys like Milley that you see on television all the time. We have great people.

That's right a lot of them. Almost every person that speaks badly of me. Look, you're firing, I know a lot about firing. When you fire somebody, you can do it nicely and take a year and just, you know, "Not working out, blah, blah, blah." I've done that and I've done it. "Get out, you're fired. Get out." And --

But can I tell you that did quite well. So, I've done it always. You know, at the end, when you get fired, you get fired. It doesn't matter. You might as well just do it quickly. And then, if you're famous like me, they write a book.

Because the sleazebags come out and they offer them $1 million to write a book. And then, sometimes, they'll say, "I want to make it good." No, we're not interested in a good book. We're only -- so, I end up with more books than -- you know, I just end up. And I end up -- it is true. If Bush fired somebody, nobody cares about Bush, they couldn't care less about Bush, I think you do you like -- oh, you like Bush.

I'll use it -- let me use it.

He's fine. Well --

But I disagreed with what he did so much.

I just disagreed with him.

I really did. I disagreed with what -- got us into the Middle East. We spent $10 trillion. We got nothing so -- except death.

So, I liked Ronald Reagan. I thought he was -- look, I didn't love his trade policy. I'm a very good trade -- I've made some great trade deals for us, the USMCA.

That wasn't his strength, but he had a great dignity about him. Ronald Reagan, you could say, "There's our president," more than any other, really any of the others. Great presidents, well, Lincoln was probably a great president. Although, I've always said, "Why wasn't that settled?" You know, I'm a guy that it doesn't make sense. We had a civil war well.

Yeah, yeah, but you'd almost say like why wasn't that -- as an example, Ukraine would have never happened and Russia if I were president. Israel would have never happened. October 7th would have never happened. As you know, Iran was broke. They wanted to make a deal. I told anybody buys any oil from Iran, it's -- "You're finished. You know, you can't deal with the United States."

Nobody was buying oil from Iran. They came -- they wanted to make a deal. Now, they have 300 billion in cash.

Biden has been and -- and her she's -- I don't know if she was involved in it, but she's -- she's terrible. Hey, look, remember this, she was the border czar. She never went there.

She was the border czar. And the Border Patrol -- the one thing you have to remember, the Border Patrol gave the strongest endorsement that anybody's ever seen. "He's the best there is. There's never been -- he's the greatest president, the greatest at the border. And she's terrible." That was their policy.

And these guys are great, by the way. These are great -- you know them very well from the show.

We got the best endorsement, and that really says it all. And I think the border is a bigger thing than inflation and the economy. You know, I watch your polling where it says the economy and inflation, No. 1, 2. And then, it says -- always says like the three, I think the border is bigger. I got elected in 2016 on the border.

I did a great job. I couldn't even mention it after that because nobody cared because I did -- it was fixed. We had a great border. Then, they blew it, and I have to do it again. The difference is it's much worse this time.

Because they're allowing millions of people into our country that shouldn't be here.

But we'll fix it.

Well, you know, I'll tell you what I love. I love cows. But if we go with Kamala, you won't have any cows anymore because you're not allowed. I don't want to ruin this kid's day, but I love cows. I think they're so cute and so beautiful and so protective. But according to Kamala, who's a radical left lunatic, you will not have any cows anymore.

So, we have to vote her out. If you like cows, you have to vote for me.

I'm going to do everything. I tell you what --

A friend of mine owns McDonald's someplace. Oh, I'm going. Because she lied.

I know she didn't, we checked it out, unless somebody comes up with something -- we checked it out. They said she never worked there. She even picked the store. We went to the manager. The manager's been there forever. "You remember her?" "No, she never worked here." They know. OK?

And she won't -- and you know who else stopped talking about it? The press. If I said I worked at McDonald's and it turned out not to be true, this would be --

The front page of that stupid New York Times, the worst paper. It is the worst rag. The New York Times is the worst, most dishonest -- they would have me front page for months.

Nobody -- I can't get anybody -- that's why I have to do it myself. That's what I'm doing.

I am -- well, I don't know how much the training will be.

Not going to be -- oh.

I love that salt.

Yeah.

You know what else I did?

I got in -- OK, this was a crazy day. We did your thing. I did five other things. And then, on top of it, I came back, and I was really, really like tight because I'm the keynote speaker at Yale.

So, what happens is I said, "Let's go. I want to go." "Sir, you have an interview with Tyrus." Tyrus. He's a large guy, by the way.

Isn't he a great guy?

He's a very smart guy.

And he's been so good to me. And he said, "Listen, there's no election here. You're going to win this thing." And he's been saying that for a long time.

Whenever they talk about -- he's funny. And Gutfeld is great. You know Gutfeld.

He didn't like me originally.

And then he said, "He gets everything done."

Do you not like --

No. he's great.

He had his highest rating in the history of the show.

But Tyrus, he has a website. And he said, "Would you do my show?" So, like two or three weeks, I agreed. So, I came home. I'm running because I'd like to at least see my speech, you know, like before I get up, before all these killers.

And I'm running, and "Sir, Tyrus is waiting for you." "Oh, oh." And I have to put on a tuxedo. In theory, white tie, but a lot of people didn't have white tie.

But they had tuxedo. And I'm running in. And you know what I did? Rather than saying, "Tyrus, I can't make it," I said, "Let's go, Tyrus. Let's do a quick one." So, I knocked it out. That was a busy day.

He's great.

You know what event I have now?

A very big event. I'm going to see Rupert Murdoch.

That's a big event. I don't know if he's thrilled that I say it.

And I'm going to tell him -- I'm going to tell him something very simple because I can't talk to anybody else about it.

Don't put on negative commercials for 21 days. Don't put them. And don't put on there -- they're horrible people. They come and lie. I'm going to say, "Rupert, please do it this way."

And then, we're going to have a victory because I think everyone wants to have a --

Oh, good.

Thank you, Lawrence.