Hi. Thank you.

Well, not really, but it's a little bit sad. We've been together a long time as a candidate. Now, we can be together maybe toward making America great again because we have to do that.

I think we're leading in every state, every swing state. I think we're even picking up maybe some states that traditionally don't go Republican. People want to see change. They don't want to have borders where murderers are being released into our country and many others, drug dealers; where jails are being emptied out into our country.

I happen to think it's the biggest issue. I think inflation would be second, the horrible inflation and economy. I mean, the economy went bad because of inflation. We had no inflation, whatsoever. We had a great economy, maybe the best ever. I think the best economy anyone has ever had. And when you see what's happened to our country, it's very sad.

But when you see what they're allowing to come into our country and kill people -- just randomly just kill so many people. Young girls are dying left and right. We can't let this happen. I think it's the most important issue. And we're talking about by the thousands. They're coming in by the hundreds of thousands and even the millions.

And so, they have 21 million people released into our country through a ridiculous open border policy of Kamala. You have to blame her because she was put in charge of the border by Biden, who went to sleep at 4 o'clock. And she's done a horrible job. And by the way, I think it's very important for your listeners to know that the Border Patrol endorsed me powerfully and said she was horrible.

They said I was the best ever and that she is the worst ever. So, it shouldn't be that much of a choice.

Correct. And defund the police.

And defund the police. Don't forget, she was one of the leaders of defund the police. That means it's in her psyche, defunding the police. We have to do the opposite. We have to let the police do their job. We can't take away their house and their pension and their family and everything else if they are a little bit more aggressive.

We have -- our country is a crime-ridden country. When they go into department stores and they strip the store, they strip the store, and our police are standing out there wanting to do their job, but they're told, "Stand down. Don't touch anybody." And they're walking out with refrigerators, and they're walking out with air conditioners. And there's hundreds of --

Yeah, yeah. Well, that was her policy.

Under -- anything under $950, you don't prosecute. But really, it's much worse. They don't prosecute anyway. The only ones they go after is me, people like me. They go after Catholics. They go after -- and evangelicals will be next. This is a horrible group of people. These are very dangerous people.

Yeah.

Right.

That's right.

Oh, well, first of all, they have no joy. They took it away from a man. I'm not a fan of Biden, obviously, but he got 14 million votes. She got no votes. She was the last in -- 22 people ran, she was last. She came in last, never made it to Iowa. They went in, and they said, "You're not running anymore. We're taking it away."

They took it away, and he gave up much more easily than I would have thought he would have. But this is not a campaign of joy for them. It's a campaign of hatred. You know, my father -- and I mentioned this for the first time. Yesterday, I was in Pennsylvania, and I mentioned it. I said, "My father, when I was young, 'Never mention the name Hitler, ever.'"

He was tough on it. Somebody would say Hitler, "Never mention that name." Nazi, "Never mention -- never mention that name." And he meant it, too. And it was a word that you never used. You know, you never use those words --

And now --

They accused me of being a Nazi. They accused me of being a Hitler-type guy or a Hitler-lover. And I'm not. I'm the opposite. They're the ones that are doing -- they're oppressive. This is like an oppressive machine. And, you know, they also happen to have the press, for whatever reason. But think of their -- think of what they're fighting for.

They're fighting for open borders where millions of people can pour into our country. Think of it, millions. Who would -- who can get elected with that? They're thinking of having men playing in women's sports. You know, it's interesting. I've been a politician now for nine years. I can't -- I hate to say I'm a politician, but I guess I'm a politician.

Nobody's ever come to me and said, "Sir, it's really important that we let men play in women's sports. Sir, transgender operations all over the place are really important." Nobody ever brought this stuff up. They bring up could you lower taxes, could you do this, could you do that, could you help me here, my businesses, you know, etc.

, etc. They bring up a lot of things. But nobody ever came to me and said, "It's really important that we do this. Men should play in women's sports." I think it's got a constituency of about -- about almost nothing.

And yet, they do it. Maybe it's because they want to destroy the country. I don't know.

Sure.

So, a young man leaves for school and goes to school, and the authority takes him over without parental consent and they do things to him that you don't want to know about. I mean, is this supposed to be America? I don't think so.

These people are radical people. And let me tell you, she's not a smart person. She's a low-IQ individual. I've said it for a long time. She speaks so slowly. Everything is so slow. She thinks of answers. They ask her a question, she talks about she was growing up with a lawn growing on her front yard.

Everything is like crazy. "60 Minutes" protects her. "60 Minutes" takes out her answer and puts a new answer in because her answer was so bad. Could you imagine them doing -- I would love to have them do it for me. Think of it, Sean. "60 Minutes," CBS. They should lose their license. This isn't just editing.

They took out her whole answer, every word, and they put a totally different answer in so that she looked better because she looked like a very stupid person if they would have left the original answer.

I've never even heard of a thing like that.

Nobody wants to talk about --

Over 300 people --

From the administration, the most respected people. I see even Bill Barr's name was mentioned, and I said, "Well, that's nice," because he understood -- look, he understood I did a hell of a good job, and so did everyone. They signed a document, over 300 people. The press will not put it out. I'm so glad you asked.

Thank you for asking this question. But I had over 300 of the top people from intelligence, generals, everybody, from the administration saying, "Trump was a great president." But the press won't put that out. They just don't. Look, we have a very, very corrupt and dishonest press. And I think, with time, it gets better because they're all doing pretty badly.

Right. Right.

But it's the only thing they can do, Sean, because, look --

I had the best economy in history. I had the strongest border and the border wall. I built 500 miles of wall. And without that wall, nobody could do anything. You couldn't -- they -- remember, they used to say, "You don't need a wall." What are you going to do? Send some drones up to look

Yeah. But now, they have to do it.

Now, they have to -- in the meantime, they put in for funding to do a wall. Look, I had the best economy ever. We cut more regulations than ever cut. I had no wars. Think of it, no wars, except I finished off a war that they couldn't finish. They wouldn't have finished it off in 10 years. I did it in a few weeks.

ISIS. I knocked out ISIS. I rebuilt our military. I gave you the largest tax cuts in the history of our country. We had the greatest economy in the history of our country. We were lapping -- think of it. We were lapping China. I took out hundreds of billions of dollars from China in the form of taxes and tariffs nobody thought it was even possible.

And China respected us, and everybody respected us. Viktor Orban said, "He was the most respected leader." And now, we have these clowns that -- that look so bad. They make us look so bad. Nobody can believe what's happened to our country.

Yeah.

They only go after consequential presidents. I'm very consequential. I make China pay. I had Iran ready to make a deal. They would have done anything. Now, they -- they have $350 billion. They were broke with me. And I would have been very good to Iran. They -- I had to have one thing, no nuclear weapons.

You can't have nuclear weapon. Nuclear weapons are the greatest danger to our country going forward, to the world going forward. It's not global warming. I'm an environmentalist. I do great things. We have the cleanest air. We have the cleanest water. But if the ocean rises one-eighth of an inch over the next 500 years, we'll handle that.

What -- what we don't want is global warming of the nuclear variety, and that could happen tomorrow.

Yeah.

If that. If that.

Right. That's right. They did the best.

I still have -- I have no idea who he is. Somebody said there was a comedian that joked about Puerto Rico or something, and I have no idea who he was. Never saw him, never heard of him, and don't want to hear of him. But I have no idea. They put a comedian in, which everybody does. You throw comedians in.

You don't vet them and go crazy. It's nobody's fault. But somebody said some bad things. Now, what they've done is taken somebody that has nothing to do with the party, has nothing to do with us. He said something, and they try and make a big deal. But I don't know who it is. I don't even know who put him in.

And I can't imagine it's a big deal. I've done more for Puerto Rico than any president, I think, that's ever -- that's ever been president. I -- when the hurricanes came, I rebuilt -- I helped them rebuild their electrical system. I helped them rebuild dams and everything else. That place was hit by so many hurricanes.

It's almost like hurricane -- hurricane alley. I've never seen anything like it. And Puerto Ricans love me because I was the president that stood up for them more than any president. I've had great relationships with Hispanics, but I've had really great relationships with Puerto Rico and people from Puerto Rico.

They love -- every time I go outside, I see somebody from Puerto Rico. They give me a hug and a kiss. I gave them more money. I sent the hospital ship when they had one of the big hurricanes. They had no hospitals. The hospitals were wiped out. I sent the big Mercy ship. I sent it to Puerto Rico fully equipped.

It took care of things. I mean, they love me in Puerto Rico, and I love them. I was -- I was there handing out food. I got in trouble for that, too, because we were having fun. We had a lot of people, and I was throwing paper towels to the back. They were all having fun, everybody. And the fake news came, "Oh, that was very disrespectful to be throwing towels."

No, I have unbelievably good relationship with Puerto Rico and the Puerto Rican people. Who this comedian was? I have no idea.

Yeah, I mean, I -- I don't know if it's a big deal or not, but I don't want anybody making nasty jokes or stupid jokes, but probably he shouldn't have been there. Yeah.

Well, talks actually about confiscation of your guns.

They're not a buyback.

They're going to confiscate your guns.

If she wins, they will confiscate your guns.

It's going to be about --

It's going to be about everything.

Health care.

It's going to be about health care, taking care of people. It's going to be about things other than what you would typically think coming from me. We're going to take care of our borders immediately, day one. We're going to drill, baby, drill. We have more liquid gold than anybody else, including Saudi Arabia.

We were energy-independent. We would have been energy-dominant. Well, I'll tell you, ANWR in Alaska, I got it approved. Reagan couldn't do it. This is the biggest find anywhere in the world. It's the size of Saudi Arabia. Some people say it might even be bigger. Think of it. Saudi Arabia in our country, Alaska.

They were all ready. I got it approved. I got everything done. Biden cames in -- comes in, the first thing he does is end it. We would have been supplying oil and gas to China, to all of Asia. It's Alaska. To Japan. We would -- it would have been unbelievable. We would have been paying down debt. He comes in, and he rejects it because the environmentalists, "Oh, reject it."

It has nothing to do with the environment. It's good for the environment.

Very quickly.

Yeah.

We would have taken over Western Europe. Oil prices will go down, and Vladimir Putin wouldn't be able to prosecute the war. Look, when they came in, they screwed up my energy program and the prices went through the roof and Putin went in. If I were president, that would have -- number one, we wouldn't have had inflation.

Oil wouldn't have gone up like it did. But it got close to $100 a barrel. He made a lot of money during the war. At $100 a barrel, he makes money. At $40 and $50 a barrel, he wouldn't have even thought about doing it. Biden forced him. He said -- he said, "We're going to raise the price of oil." Oil went up to $100 -- almost $100 a barrel.

It would have gone up even more. You know what they did? They went back to my policy and got it down a little bit, but only a little bit because it wasn't really my policy. Right now, we would be -- we would have three to four times more than what we're doing. But if they didn't go back to my policy, you would have been paying -- you would have been paying literally $20 a gallon for gasoline for your car.

They want to get rid of all gas. I will end that immediately, by the way. You're going to be able to get a gas-powered car. You're going to be able to get a hybrid. You're going to be able to get an electric car. But they have -- they want --

Of course. They want to force -- and nothing wrong with electric, but they want to force everybody to electric. Everybody doesn't want electric.

So, Elon has a lot of roles he could take because he's a very exceptional guy, but he has a thing. He -- he feels there's such waste, fraud, and abuse in our budgets, and he's right. And he's a great cost-cutter, and he'll cut costs without anybody even knowing it. Nobody's going to know. Nobody's going to feel it.

He will cut costs, and he feels he can save $2 trillion. If he does that, our -- our budget is more than balanced.

I can -- look, you have a lot of very --

You have a lot of  people.

I -- I looked at the two that we're talking about. I'm disappointed the -- that the FBI hasn't opened up some of these phones, and one guy had six phones, and the other one had three apps, and two of the three apps supposedly were foreign-based. I mean, maybe there was something to it. They should be looking at it.

They should be opening up those phones. Why haven't they opened up the six phones and why haven't they opened up the three apps? So, the first one had three apps, and I think they were encrypted and it was -- they were foreign. Think of it, these were foreign apps. Wouldn't you think they'd be opening them up?

It's a strange -- look, we have a strange situation going on. I will say this. I don't think there's ever been a president that's had more support and strong support than I have. When you mentioned Madison Square Garden before, everybody said, "You can't do -- how are you going to ever fill up Madison Square Garden?" I said, "Well, I filled up the Nassau Coliseum, and it's almost the same size."

And we could have filled it up three or four times. I mean, the crowds, there were the same thing. And when I saw that, I said, "Let's go for Madison Square Garden."

New Jersey was --

New Jersey was 107,000 people.

I would tell them -- and even if I didn't like my opponent. They can't love me because I'm very critical of them. But I'm critical for a reason, because they don't know what they're doing. Look, we have wars. The Middle East is blowing up. Ukraine would have never been attacked by Russia if I were president.

October 7th would have never happened in Israel. All those people would be alive. We wouldn't have had inflation. We wouldn't have had -- Afghanistan, the most embarrassing day in our history, would never have taken place like that. We would have kept Bagram because it was one hour -- the biggest air force base, one of the biggest in the world.

We gave it up to China. China occupies it now, not -- not Afghanistan. We gave it up to China, one hour away from where China builds its nuclear weapons. Wouldn't it be a great thing if we had that? We walked away. We have incompetent people running our country. They're very dangerous people. They're dangerous because they're incompetent.

She's grossly incompetent, plus she's a radical left person. And any person that has her ideology -- I mean, you could go through her ideology. It's the ideology of a communist, and this country is not ready for that. And I don't think it ever will be. If it is, we're in big trouble.

Not only are you right when you say that, I'm -- when you say good time, it's hard to say I'm having a good time because, you know, yesterday, I did three rallies. I did, you know -- I've --

I've gone 58 days in a row, no days off.

I -- I am amazed. She's taken two days off in the last few days. I said, you know, you're -- you're getting down -- I think it was down to like -- we were down to 14 days and she was taking days off all the time. And, you know, she only does -- you know, she'll do like one little event, and they don't get any people at their events.

You know, they bus them in. I don't bus anybody. They bus them in. They don't get people. And when they leave -- you -- you saw Beyonce. They came in to see Beyonce. Beyonce didn't sing, they all left, and she's standing there making a speech. There was nobody there, and everybody was screaming and cursing because of what happened.

Look, we have a real campaign. This is a movement like we've never had in this country. And it's not a question of am I having a good time? I think we're making tremendous progress. We have to save the country. Our country -- we are a nation in decline. I say it, we're a nation in serious decline, and we can't go through another four years.

I don't think we could go through another year like this. We have criminals coming into our country at a level that's never been seen before. And to me, the biggest thing -- I know the polls say the economy and inflation and everything, but -- and -- and the border is No. 3. I think the border is No.

1. For a really great American, the border is No. 1 because we're allowing tens of thousands. Think of it. It was announced -- the Border Patrol, which is so great, they did things which they've never done before. They announced last week how many of different crimes are coming in. They said 13,099, exact, murderers, people that murdered people that were in jail have been released into our country.

They said 16,000 drug lords, drug dealers. I mean, everything's exactly detailed onto. They never did that before. They never -- they announced the total, but they wouldn't say what the crimes were. Think of it. They've released over 13,000 convicted killers, many of them killed far more than one person, and they're now roaming the fields of our country.

We made America great. And now, we're going to make America great again. We're going to make it great again. And we have the formula. It's down path. This country, we're going to have jobs, we're going to have countries pouring back into our country. You're going to see something. And now, I know everybody in Washington.

I didn't know anybody. I was not a Washington person. I was rarely there. I know everybody. I know the good, the strong, the weak, the stupid. I know the -- I know everybody. And we're going to make this country great again. And we have to save our country. If they won this election, our country is finished.

She's going to raise everybody's taxes. Every company is going to move out of America. We're not going to have any -- she would force them out of America. She doesn't know what she's doing. She's not a smart person, and she doesn't know what she's doing. We're going to use certain things against other countries that have taken advantage of us, having to do with the most beautiful word in the dictionary called tariff.

And we're going to make so much money in this country. We're going to pay off our debt. We're going to do things that nobody thought possible, and it's going to happen all quickly. But Elon --

So, in Mexico, which is a real threat to us, by the way, in two ways, they're killing hundreds of thousands of people by letting fentanyl and other things come through our border. We should stop it. I had it stopped. I had it very close to stopped. I had the strongest border in history. Now, we have the worst border in the history of the world.

I had the strongest border. The day -- you saw the chart. The day I left office, I had the strongest border in the history of our country. Now, we have the worst border ever in the world. There's never been a border in the world where 21 million people were allowed to come across almost at one time. It's crazy what we're -- what we're doing.

But we're going to have a country that's going to be strong and respected again. We're going to have a country where the taxes are going down, where the quality of life is going up. We're going to have a country -- they don't respect us. You know, it's interesting. I went to Abe of Japan, Shinzo. He was a great friend.

He was assassinated. He was a great gentleman. I said, "Shinzo, your deal with us is horrible." He said, "I know you were going to come." I said, "What do you mean?" He said, "I knew, at some point, you would come." For 25 years, nobody came. He said, "No American ever came to renegotiate the deal. I knew you were going to do it."

And I renegotiated the deal. And I was stuck with a bad deal to start off with. We had a bad deal with Japan. This is Japan. But I renegotiated with South Korea, where they said -- now, don't forget, I'm negotiating from a bad place because they have these deals that were made by people that were either really stupid or -- or corrupt.

They had to be corrupt to make these deals. We have the worst trade deals. I was fixing these trade deals. I was taking care of our country. But the bottom line is this. We're going to be respected again. We're going to make America great again. And there's nothing in the world I'd rather be doing. I don't want to be in some beautiful beach.

I don't want to be sitting in some faraway hotel where it's very nice and watching television or doing something. I want to be doing what I'm doing. It's so incredible. We've made such -- and this is a movement. By the way, this isn't -- this is a movement maybe like the world has never seen, MAGA, Make America Great Again. The world has never seen a movement like this.

And I think we're doing very well. We're leading everything. We're against the opposition, and the opposition is also the fake news media. They're terrible.

They're really terrible.

No.

Interest rates are coming down big. Energy prices are coming down. I'm going to have everybody's energy bill, from a year from January 20th when you take office, cut in half. When that happens, everything else comes down with it. Oil is so big. It's so important. And everything's going to come down. But we're going to have inexpensive energy.

We're going to have companies moving to our country at record -- at record clips because, otherwise, they're going to have to pay to do business with our country. And you don't have to pay if you build your plant inside our country and you hire our workers. We are going to have a country the likes of which -- and we were getting there.

We were very close. Look, I had the greatest economy in the history of our country. I met with two pollsters, McLaughlin and Fabrizio. They said, "If George Washington came back from the dead and he brought along Abraham Lincoln as his vice president, they couldn't beat you, sir." And then two days later, we had the period of time where we had COVID.

I mean, they said it. I mean, they said it. But --

You have a deal. No, you've been a great friend. You're a very talented guy.

And you've always been fair. I don't want any special favors. I just want fairness. You've always been fair, and I appreciate it.

Thank you.

Thank you very much.

Thank you.