I'm just a guy.

My guy. Nice to see you. Nice to see you.

So, we're doing pretty well. I mean the states are looking pretty good.

Well, vote early or vote.

Such corrupt --

That's good. Thank you.

I really hope -- I really hope so.

I've been busy. I really have -- I've been -- we've been doing a lot. Your show is going great, huh?

Oh.

So, it just started, huh? You're going to have a lot more than that when this goes off. You watch.

Is that right?

No kidding.

Yeah.

Your -- your crowd is MAGA, right?

Pretty much.

Right.

Yeah, right.

How about Elon? How about him?

I saw that rocket come in and -- and then -- and he's campaigning now in Pennsylvania.

Yeah. He's a sweetheart. So, let's go.

OK.

Yeah. They are. I know.

So, the people I've met from Secret Service, and I know a lot of them, right, they're amazing. They're really good. They had a really bad day in Butler. And I don't know whose fault that was. You know, I guess you go top level, but that building should have been covered, obviously. But if you look at what happened, when those bullets started going off, they were on top of me really quickly.

And they were -- it's a miracle they weren't hit, actually. I think the guy was sort of stunned. Something happened to him, something happened. The Secret Service shooter was amazing because he was very far away and he -- you know, he spent one bullet, when you think -- but everybody I've met from the Secret Service has been so good.

But they had a bad day, there's no doubt about it. We're not allowed in this world to have a bad day, right?

Not -- not in this one. This is too big. I think they did a good job the second time. Some people said, "You should have caught him the day before," or, "He should have never been there." But that was a great job that the other Secret Service, the second time. That guy was --

That guy was -- no, I understand, I understand it.

Yeah, yeah. I understand it both ways. The individual guy did an amazing job to see a barrel coming out of a bush.

No, but to see a barrel -- the Secret Service guy, to see a barrel coming out of a bush was something pretty amazing. But, no, it's -- got to be safe, got to be safe.

How was the report? The report came out yesterday.

Right.

Yeah.

Right.

Right. Right.

Well, Dan, as you know, you have to have the best people, and it's all about the people. And I know nothing about -- you know, very little about that, although I've learned a lot over the last few weeks. It's amazing. You know, we had a rally in Butler, second rally. We had 107,000 people that turned out

And it's -- it's been -- and it's become a great site. I don't know if there's like a memorial site where cars are riding up and down the road, honking their horns from all over the place. They're coming from all over the country.

It's become like -- what is it in Nevada where they have the site with the aliens. Right?

Area 51. I think it's the largest -- Butler, you have to see Butler. The streets are just loaded with cars. They ride up and down the side, and they honk.

It's uh, I don't know. It's cute, it's beautiful actually. But I know the Secret Service well. I know -- I didn't know the top person, but I know the people that work on my detail. They're very, you know, very good. You know a lot of them.

And they're great people. Something went wrong and you can't let it go wrong. So, I can't tell you. You'd be somebody good to look into that. You would be good. That was your business, right?

You would be good. But they got to -- they got to get it right.

It's dangerous. I'll tell you what being president is a dangerous profession when you think, OK?

I mean, forget about me. You look -- it's one-tenth of 1 percent die as a race car driver, right? OK? So, you take 1 percent. Now, you take one-tenth of that, that's what die. And these guys are going around a track at 220 miles an hour. The bull riding to me looks like, you know, that's -- that's not something I want to do, right?

And it's about the same, one-tenth. You know they get killed. They get killed --

It happens.

No, no. But when you think about it, a lot of presidents have been shot and even assassinated relative to the -- relative to the number. So, I always say this is a dangerous business. I never thought of that when I ran. You know, you think everything's peachy-dory.

But it's a nasty business. One thing I would like to do is the first shooter, which they say was a miracle. I mean, you know, it's lucky I moved to the right. But if I didn't turn to the right for -- over immigration -- see I got saved over illegal immigration, the chart.

My all-time favorite chart.

But -- but the first shooter had three apps. And two of them, they say, were foreign-based. And they haven't opened those apps. And I wonder why the FBI hasn't done that. The second shooter had six -- had six cell phones. Now, who has six cell phones? Have you ever heard of anyone -- I have two. But who has six cell phones? And you would think that they'd want those opened and they haven't opened them, and they can open them.

And I guarantee they opened it for January 6th. All those guys got their cells opened.

So, why aren't they opening? So, I do ask that question. Why isn't the FBI opening up those phones?

And they're foreign. It looks like they're foreign-based. So, you never know, you know, where these people are coming from. They may look innocent like, you know, they're nice country boys, but they may not be. So, I'd like to see them open that up and fast. And we'll get down to the bottom of it.

It looks it, doesn't it?

Yeah, well, it's -- I understand that.

They actually spied on my campaign, and then they go after the people that went after the spies, right? And they spied on my campaign. And if you look, it was Biden and Obama and their group of people. And the deep state, they wanted that forgotten as quick as possible -- quickly as possible. The fake news media, they -- they hate to cover it.

And when you say they spied in my campaign, they go, "Well, you know." No, they actually spied on my campaign. We have it all. So, we'll see. I don't think any --

Yeah, yeah --

Lesley Stahl. And, you know, she never gave me an apology.

And David Muir didn't give me. When I said crime is rampant --

He said, "No, crime has gone down."

And he said the FBI told him.

I said, "Well, the FBI, it's a -- it's a fraudulent report because they didn't include the worst cities.

They corrected -- yeah.

They go that's --

That's right.

They go, "Let's include a few other cities like the worst cities, right?"

No, It's very sad, what's happening with the FBI.

And she knew it -- she knew it. Look, it's -- hey, I think the worst scandal I've ever seen in broadcast history will maybe not be as much of a scandal that were a Republican, it would have been over when they changed Kamala's answer. They didn't edit.

They took her entire -- which showed she was crazy. They took it out, the entire paragraph. And it was a long lots of -- they -- they say word salad. I don't like the term, actually, but they say word salad. It was just words like, rambling words, horrible.

So, they take it out, and they put another statement that she made two pages later. They insert it. And nobody would have known the difference, and they got caught. They got caught.

And I think it's the worst scandal. You know, it's one thing if they took even a sentence off because they do that with me all the time. Because I like to speak in long sentences, paragraphs, right? And if they take a sentence out like in the middle, it really does screw it up. But -- but think of this, they took the whole thing in, and they replaced it with a totally unrelated time and place.

And they put it in. And -- and that's the only one that we caught. And we want them to release the tapes now. So, I think I'm going to sue them, actually.

So, no, you know why? They can't defend it. And if they do -- and even if they win, it's going to be very embarrassing. And "60 Minutes" -- so I've done it many times, I did it with Mike Wallace. The best one I ever had was Mike Wallace, and he was the biggest killer. And you know, Chris tries to be Mike, but he just -- you still have to have it.

He doesn't --

But it's a very embarrassing moment for them. But the media is not pressing it. You would think the media would be pressing it. And I go a step further. It's so bad they should lose their license, and they should take "60 Minutes" off the air. This is like the $64,000 question many years ago, if you ever read the books on television.

They caught somebody. They gave somebody the answers, right? And he was a very famous dude. They ended up giving him the answers. And the whole thing -- it was the biggest scandal maybe in television. But this is potentially -- because think of what they did. It's election interference. They gave her an answer.

It was worse than that. They took the answer out and put a new answer in.

Everything I said --

He questioned. There wasn't a thing -- every single thing I said, he questioned. And he was wrong, I think, on every one of them. I'm pretty sure. But -- and he never questioned her. And she talked about Charlottesville. She talked -- all things that have been, as they say, debunked. Another term I don't like, but it's, you know, a pretty accurate term.

All totally debunked, bloodbath. They used the bloodbath.

I was talking about the car industry, right? Not talking about a bloodbath.

He used the word bloodbath.

You know, these people are sick. You got to say, though. They are good at what they do. You have to admire it.

They are -- they are sick.

Yeah.

Yeah.

That's right.

The press is a big scam. It's terrible. It's -- you know, I don't know that a country can come back if it has a fake press.

Because they're like the policeman. You know, they're like -- they keep people honest, right? But Democrats don't have to be honest. They really don't have to be honest because they're not going to -- they will never be accused of anything. It's interesting, I was so amazed that Harvey Weinstein got schlonged.

He got hit as hard as you can get hit because he was sort of the king of the walk, right? And yet, he got hit. And I figured that maybe he wouldn't get hit so hard. But, boy, did he get -- you don't know him well. I don't know him well. But I watched that, and it was amazing. So, when they do get hit, they get hit.

But that's the only one I can think of. Normally, they protect everybody. What they did with Adams, I think is very suspect.

Well, I brought it up because he was on the dais.

And I think other people were bringing it up, too.

No.

I predicted it. So, he came out pretty strongly against the migrants taking over the city, which, as a mayor, he should, right, and not getting paid. You know, they've spent $3 billion on migrants, and the federal government's not there to pay it back. But he went against the party. And I said, "He will be indicted within six months."

I know these people, like deranged Jack Smith. This is a deranged individual.

Before -- before the election.

And the judge is allowing --

And the judge is allowing him to do it. And it's not even believable. This guy is a sick puppy. And they're going to release something else. And always before the election, you know they want to do it before the election.

So, election interference. No, it's a terrible thing what's happening. And the judges -- this judge is the most evil person.

She was -- they all said, "Well, make sure you don't get Chutkan." And who did I get?

I got Chutkan. I got Chutkan. It's all right. It's all right.

Because, you know, it has to get approved by lots of different people.

But they said, "Make sure you don't get Chutkan." Well, I have nothing to do with it. So, you know, they supposedly pick -- they pick balls, right? It's not -- I don't think it works that way, but that's what they say. That's the way it's supposed to be. You pick out of a hat, and that's the judge.

Well, you don't want Chutkan, that's for sure. And you got Chutkan.

What judge would do that? Forget about deranged Jack Smith.

You know, a judge is supposed to keep him in check.

What judge would say, "We're going to release something, you know, a couple of days before the elections?"

Yeah it's -- it's an amazing thing. Well.

No, it's because it's hard to believe, right?

It's hard.

Yeah.

Did he -- did he say that about this one?

Right.

The legal analyst for CNN, he's the top guy, has been against all of this. He said, "Trump did nothing wrong." I'm so amazed. I'm more impressed with that than anything else I've seen on CNN. But, you know, because you'd think they'd try and stop him.

He is one of the biggest guarders of the Constitution. I mean he really is. He's a great lawyer. He said, "This is really unfair." But think of it, right before the election. Now, I don't even know what it says. This is made up by other people. It has nothing to do with me. And you don't even get a right to answer.

It is -- see that's election interference right there. That's cheating on the election.

Yeah.

So. that's now been proven to be false.

Yeah.

A lot of people said, "Don't dispute that story. It makes you look very tough and strong." No, they say --

They say I went to the man on the right, who's a weightlifter and -- and like 30-years-old and then the man on the right, who's supposed to be a great karate expert.

I decided to go for him, and I got him around the neck right.

And this was a woman who -- I think the testimony is all now gone. So, what happened to me -- here's one of the greatest scandals. The Unselect Committee of political hacks, Cheney, all these people --

Cheneys. You know, they say, "We have a Republican." The Republican is Cheney. And then they have kissing and crying.

I've never seen him when he's not crying.

They call him, crying at him, kissing -- he cries every time. You know, he's so desperate. He's -- he's a sick puppy.

Those are the two Republicans, OK?

So, they say the bipartisan committee --

They were much worse than any Democrat. The Democrats were nothing.

So, anyway, so the head of it, Bennie Thompson --

A real beauty. He decided to destroy all evidence of the -- of this year and a half trial. Everything is gone. The reason is because I was so innocent. And like, as an example, this one case that I won't mention names, the girl, the person that did that said that it's been totally unconfirmed, right? It's been unconfirmed.

The Secret Service agent said, "Never happened, never happened." I can tell you -- first of all, you wouldn't be able to do it anyway.

Yeah, Bobby.

Bobby's a tough cookie. Bobby's not going to let somebody grab him --

Yeah. You're not grabbing Bobby around --

No, no, I have a friend that say, "Why are you fighting that? Let it be. It doesn't make any difference. Let it be. You beat the crap out of them." It's the coolest thing I've ever heard, right? But I said, "Let's tell the truth." It never happened. I actually said, "I'd love to go down, remember, peacefully and patriotically."

Do you know they don't mention that in any paper?

The biggest, most important part, peacefully and patriotically. They don't mention that in any paper, in any document, in and anything. It's crazy. So, anyway -- so, it was all disproven. They -- did you know -- they destroyed all evidence, right? Now, you're supposed to go to jail if you destroy evidence.

Even in a civil case, you go to jail. They destroyed -- they announced -- we have decided to destroy all evidence having to do with the Unselect Committee. I love the name Unselect because it's called the Select Committee like it's -- I call it the Unselect Committee.

Yeah. Yeah, it's interesting.

It's a rigged deal. The whole thing is rigged, 100 percent rigged.

I do believe. I do believe. Look, this is really corrupt stuff. The other thing is, as you know, they really won in the Supreme Court, OK? The Fischer case and the various cases. Why are they still being held? Nobody's ever been treated like this.

Nobody's ever -- maybe the Japanese during Second World War, frankly. But, you know, they were held, too. But when you look at Portland and the damage they did and killed people -- because other than Ashli, nobody was killed here, nobody was killed. And there were no guns involved. And these are all gun owners.

You know, these are people that have guns, but they never went to the Capitol with guns.

It's really amazing -- it's a very sad -- I think it's a very sad day in the country's life.

But they -- but here's the end of this, they destroyed and deleted all evidence. So, now we're not going to know what she said about how I beat the crap out of these two Secret Service agents.

I was so strong. My arm just ripped around those big necks, 24-inch necks. I ripped my arm around them, and they didn't have a chance. Can you imagine that?

But how do they -- how do they delete it and destroy it? You're not allowed to do that.

Yeah.

Well, it's a great place to learn. A lot of very successful people came out of Queens. Queens is --

It's a place of successful people, as you know. But so is Brooklyn and maybe the Bronx, too, a little bit different.

Oh, wow.

It's good -- beyond good. It's --

I know. And doing well. And she has a lot to do with your success.

I have seen over the years, people married and having a great relationship, and they're successful. Then, it doesn't work out, they go to somebody else, and they lose everything. You know, the man behind the woman and the woman behind the man, it's both. It works out both ways. But I've seen many cases where somebody's successful and -- but with somebody else not successful at all. I see it with athletes.

Melania?

By the way, she just did No. 1 bestseller book. Did you see that?

No. 1, she's No. 1 on the list, New York Times list. Now, to be No. 1 -- for Trump to be No. 1 on the New York Times list is not even believable, right? You know what you have to go -- she had to be number one by thousands of books, OK, because they're pretty tough on that. Now, she's got the No. 1 bestseller, Melania.

Right. Well, it was -- it was closed for 11 years. My kids were getting older, they kept saying -- Ivanka, "Daddy, can I go ice skating?" "I'm sorry, darling, the rink is under construction." After saying that for 11 years --

You know, for 11 years, it's been under construction for 11 years. "My darling, you're the most beautiful little ice skater, but there goes your career because --"

You have to start young, and they were building. So, they were building it for 11 years. And they had spent just, you know, numbers that were unbelievable. They couldn't get it to work, they were building it wrong. They had the wrong pipe, they had the wrong system. They used a refrigeration company from Miami.

Now, you don't go to Miami for a rink. You go to Canada.

I went to the Montreal Canadiens. They came down. They were very nice, they came down. They said, "This doesn't work. You have to use a brine system." Anyway, they were using a gas -- they had the wrong everything. And, you know, they'd pour this big 50,000-foot sight in little tiny patches.

So, it was all uneven. You never saw a butcher job like this. So, I took it over. So, it was under construction for 11 years. I got it done in two and a half months.

I had cement trucks going -- the Teamsters, I had cement trucks going from the rink back to Harlem, you know along the park --

And I had 40, 50 trucks standing there, all poured over a two-day period at one time. You know, they were doing little chunks. And then they wouldn't match. And then, they tried to hook up pipes. The whole thing was the craziest thing. And the people from the Montreal Canadiens came down and they said -- oh, and you remember? They kept stealing the copper pipe. You know, you'd put pipe in the concrete.

But every night, they'd put the pipe, and the pipe would be gone the next day, the thieves, because copper is very expensive.

And they said, "No, you don't want to use copper, you want to use hose, and it has to have water in it, warm water. And you have to put salt in the water. That way, it doesn't --" that's the whole thing. That was a big factor. You know, it's called brine. It's water and salt, so the salt doesn't let it freeze, right?

And it was great. And we opened it, and I ran it for many years. And de Blasio came along. And by the way, I hit him hard last night. Did you see that? Were you watching last night?

So, they had the Alfred Smith -- Al Smith dinner last night, the big Catholic dinner in The Plaza. It -- it was great. The cardinal was -- everybody was.

Every -- she -- yeah, everybody was there but her.

That's right.

We had a lot of jokes. It's actually -- you're supposed to be a comedian, at least for part of your speech.

It was a great evening.

Would you say de Blasio the worst mayor in history?

Yeah.

Yeah.

Who is the best mayor?

Well, it's getting bad, I will say. It's getting bad. Bad things are happening. And the migrants are making it happen really bad because you know we have 100,000 migrants. Nobody has any idea how many. And interesting, the mayor said, you know, "This is not sustainable." And I said, "He'll be indicted."

And he was indicted. They indicted him. This is a bad group, the same group that we just talked about. And it's -- let's see what happens. I mean, let's see what happens with it. But having a young Rudy, at this moment, you know, a young Rudy -- because he did, he did a great job.

This city was a mess. This whole place was a mess. And within a couple of years, it became the safest big city in the world, right?

He's got to be given credit for it. He did a great job.

Right.

Right.

That's right.

So, when I first got elected, Dan, I was only -- you probably heard me say this story, but I was there 17 times in Washington, DC. So, I wasn't a Washington person.

I knew really nobody there and mostly because I was building a hotel on Pennsylvania Avenue and a beautiful hotel that I sold to the Waldorf Astoria. You know, I did --

But I did a beautiful job. But it was mostly for that. So, I was -- I was essentially never in Washington, so I didn't know people. So, I had to rely on people, you know, for big positions. I'm saying, "Hey, do you know anybody that can be like this job and that job." And generally, I got it very good.

We had Lighthizer, you know, trade. We had -- we had a lot of good guys. But we also made some mistakes, made mistakes at attorney general, made mistakes -- I made some mistakes. And I don't really blame myself for it. You know, they were highly recommended by RINOs, and they weren't the right people.

They just weren't the right people. And there were some other positions, too. Mostly, I got it right. You know, nobody ever talks about the good. We had a lot of great people.

But we had some -- some mistakes.

I fired them. And here's what happens. When I fire -- because I'm famous or whatever for whatever reason, when I fire them, immediately, the book companies go to them and they say, "Oh, we'll give you a book if you say bad things about Trump."

If Bush fired somebody, nobody cares. You know, if somebody else fired -- but immediately, when I fired, they go to -- and they write something or they say, like Bolton was a stiff. He was a dumb guy, very stupid guy. But actually, he came in handy because he was a maniac. You know, he always wanted to go to war with people.

He wants to bomb -- so I just -- he wouldn't talk because he was stupid. But what happened, I bring him into a room with Putin, and Putin would say, "Oh, shit, Trump wants to go to war," because Bolton was with Bush and they -- you know, think of it. They went into the Middle East, they bombed the hell out of the place.

And they left. You know, it's like they bombed --

This guy would he would go, he wanted to bomb anything. He's a nut job, but -- but he was good for negotiating purposes. But then, after a while, you get -- so you fire him. And whenever you fire people, generally, if they have an option, like with me they have -- most people don't care, it's like they get fired, but there's nobody to write about the boss.

But if the boss is famous, they can maybe get a book deal. So --

I believe in firing people. For instance, in Afghanistan, Biden should have fired every general and every person involved in that botched job, moving the soldiers out first. Everything they did was wrong.

They should have all been fired.

First of all, they should have used Bagram.

And then, they dropped Bagram, and China has Bagram right now. And it's an --

So it's --

Yeah, they left it.

They should have --

Yeah, my plan was -- I was getting out, but keeping Bagram because of China because it's an hour away from where they make their nuclear weapons. So, anyway, that's where it is. That's the saddest story and maybe the most embarrassing story in the history of our country, that whole Afghanistan. We were getting out, but we were going to get out with dignity and strength.

And we were going to get out. It was going to be great. We had to get out. It was 20 years, 21 years, it was ridiculous. But we were going to keep Bagram because of China. We didn't keep it.

But I did say that. We didn't have any soldiers shot after I spoke with Abdul, the leader of the Taliban.

We didn't have any soldier, not one soldier for 18 months who was killed. And Biden actually admitted that at a speech a few years ago. He said, "Well, I have to say no soldier has been killed." We were -- we were losing a lot of soldiers over there with Obama. And I said that, "If you do it --" I don't want to say exactly what I said because it's not appropriate.

But I said you better not shoot our soldiers. We didn't have one soldier killed in -- in --

Think of it, in 18 months. And then, this horrible thing happened. They should have left from Bagram, number one, not from that base. And we lost 13 soldiers.

Many really badly hurt, you know, with the legs and the arms and the whole thing. We have Americans left behind. We had some very good people left behind, too, that maybe should -- should have come with us. They had that airlift which was terrible with people falling off the planes. It was so bad. And we left behind $80 billion worth of equipment.

Biden is a grossly incompetent man. But here's the bad news, she's worse.

She is more incompetent than Biden.

Hey, Dan, I got to get going.

They're going crazy

I do.

Yes.

Yeah.

Good.

I would do it, I would do it, I would do it.

I would do it.

That's all right. Let's see.

That's a nice -- nice baseball.

Plenty of movement on it, yeah.

He's doing a great job.

I'll tell you who's not doing a good job. Kamala.

She's not doing a good job.

Thank you.

Thank you, Dan.

Thank you very much.

It's pretty good, huh?

Just like the old days.

Good.