Wow.

Right.

Oh, that's nice.

We're going to get better ratings, I promise.

Where?

That's all right.

Yes, by a lot.

Right.

Well, I would say this. We just got the endorsement of Border Patrol all over, I mean, all over the country, Border Patrol, virtually every sheriff's department, every police department, the Fraternal Order of Police, 400,000 police, the biggest in the country.

We have every -- we have every single -- I don't think they have a policeman or a policewoman single. And we have the border -- we had the safest border in the history of our country. Now we have the most unsafe border in the history of our country. So, when you talk about safety, we had -- it was just announced, as you know, last week, 13,099 murderers were released into our country.

Drug dealers, drug addicts, drug -- everybody is released into our country. We have never had anything like this. We have never had a mess like this, 625,000 criminals released into our country, along with 21 million people. We have no idea who they are. And that's just a sound bite. I don't know this guy, but he got lucky as hell to win.

I will tell you that much. But it's a sound bite that they like to use. But remember this. Law enforcement's with me 100 percent. And we have to keep our communities safe. And we have to take these murders that they have allowed to come through open borders without knowing anything about them. We have to take those people, and we have to remove them. We have to get them out of our country.

Who did they vote for? I wonder.

Are we allowed to ask that? Who did you vote...

Yes.

Thank you. Thank you very much.

Could you outline your plans to revitalize the economy again as president and policies that specifically support the middle class when reelected?

Sure. Thank you very much. Great question, and sort of an easy question for me to answer, because we have tremendous wealth in this country, but it's under our feet. It's called liquid gold. And we're going to bring down your energy costs. And, with that, everything's going to follow. We're also going to make it possible for companies to come into our country again.

We have lost so many businesses. If you're in furniture-making, like in North Carolina, just they're flocking out of our country because we have politicians that don't know what to do. We're bringing them all back. We have a tax rate that's going to lure them. And we're going to protect them with tariffs so they can make money and so they don't get stolen.

But we're going to have record-setting jobs. And just to know, I mean, the advantage I have is that I have done it. We had the greatest economy in the history of our country. We had never had an economy -- and remember this. We also had the safest border in the history of our country. We never had a border that safe. The famous graph that I looked at, my all-time favorite piece of paper, I mean, even...

My all-time favorite. I love that piece of paper. But that shows you, that day, the day I left office, the border was the safest it ever was in the history of our country. We had the fewest number of people. We had the least amount of drugs. Everything was -- human trafficking, which is now 12 times higher than it was when -- and it's trafficking, I hate to say this, mostly in women.

It's a vicious thing, because of the Internet and because of this administration, maybe more so than the Internet. But we had the safest border. We had the best economy. Think of it, a combination of security and finance and all of the other things. And we're going to make it even better. We're going to make the border even better.

But the border can't -- I mean, we did things with the border that nobody could have done, including built -- we built 571 miles of wall. And that wall worked. Then I got Mexico to give us soldiers, a lot of soldiers, 28,000 soldiers, to protect us. I said, you have to protect us because you're letting all of these criminals come into our country. You have to protect us. They said, we're not going to do it. I said, good. Then I'm just going to tariff all your goods until you do it. They said, like I said, we're going to do it.

And they gave us -- they gave us the soldiers. So, we had great protection. And we had the best economy in the history of our country.

We're not going to tax any of the Social Security money. The benefits, they go to seniors, because what you have done -- what they have done to you with inflation is a disaster. It's the economy. But in terms of really the numbers, it's the inflation. We had the worst -- they say it's the worst in 48 years.

I say ever. We had the worst inflation in the history of our country. And the ones that really got hurt the worst are people that are on a fixed income, like our seniors. And I said, we're not going to tax Social Security benefits on our seniors. And we're not going to do that.

And that will a little bit more than even make up to what you lost. I mean, you lost a fortune. You went up, again, they say 21 percent. I think it's 50 percent. And all of that money, you're on a fixed income. People that were buying breakfast, they could no longer buy breakfast.

They have a case, a woman goes up to the counter with three apples and then she says, oh, I can't afford it. She brings one apple back. That's not supposed to be our country. That's not our country.

By the way -- excuse me -- it's so crazy.

It's so crazy. Your question, your name and your hometown.

Good.

Ooh. I love that.

That's good.

Right. It's such an easy question. And everybody in the room and you know that answer. We're not going to let it happen. You look, just yesterday, they had a volleyball match, did you see that...

... where a person that transitioned, OK -- we have to be very careful, because this can terminate your political career if you say it slightly off, all right? But transitioned from man to female and was on a volleyball -- and I saw the slam. It was a slam. I never saw a ball hit so hard, hit the girl on the head.

But other people, even in volleyball, they have been permanently -- I mean, they have been really hurt badly, women playing men. But you don't have to do it in volleyball. We stop it. We stop it. We absolutely stop it. You can't have it. It's a man playing in the game. I mean, physically from a muscular stand -- even if it was a little bit less, maybe they do all sorts of tests and drugs and everything else.

Look at what's happened in swimming. Look at the records that are being broken.

You just ban it. You -- the president bans it. You just don't let it happen.

Not a big deal.

You got what? Excuse me.

Oh, tax. That's -- that's...

Right.

Right.

Yes.

You have a beautiful voice, by the way.

Right. I understand.

And it's not fair, right? It is not fair.

You never heard of Ivanka, right? Ivanka.

My daughter drove me crazy on this. We had the simplest, most beautiful time. I gave you the largest tax cuts in the history of our country, OK, larger than the Reagan cuts, larger -- but my daughter Ivanka she said: "Dad, we have to do tax credits for women, for the child tax credits," that -- she was driving me crazy.

Then I did it. And I got it just about done. "Dad, you have got to double it up."

I said: "Ivanka" -- it was actually more complicated than the entire bill, but I got it done. And what we're going to do -- and I'm going to -- because I understand exactly what you're saying. We're going to readjust things so that it's fair to everybody, because it's really not fair to everybody. But we have a lot, and we're going to -- we're going up higher, but we're also going to readjust, because you have to make some readjustments.

It's unfair to some people. And we're not going to have that. But she was the one that got it started. Those were our credits. Those were not the Democrat credits. A lot of Republicans said, rightfully, don't do it, because we never get credit for that. You know, we're not known for that. But the truth is, I wanted to put it all in the form of the tax cut.

So I got the maximum tax cut. But we're also bringing down the taxes for companies and for people. We're bringing it down to 15 percent, and for companies only if you make your product, build your product in the USA. Otherwise, you don't get it. So, it will be...

Yes.

So, I feel so badly about what's happened, because this -- none of this would have happened. Just to start, there wouldn't have been a war in Ukraine and Russia. There wouldn't have been an October 7 in Israel. There wouldn't have been this horrible, most embarrassing day in the history of our country with Afghanistan, where we lost 13 soldiers.

But they never talk about the soldiers that are so badly wounded, I mean, with legs and arms and face obliteration, all these things. And there wouldn't have been any inflation. And it's so sad to see. We have to get prices down, because the damage is done. When they say, well, we're stopping inflation because it went down now to 4.5 percent.

Well, 4.5 percent is very high, is very high, meaning it's going up, because it was at 3 and then -- but it was at one point, I believe, 40 or 50 percent, because, if you look, they didn't include a lot. They didn't include -- I had interest rates at 2 percent. They went to 10 percent, but at 10 percent, you couldn't get the money. So they weren't at 10 percent. They were much higher than 10 percent. We have got to get the pricing down. It's this big lump. And we have got to do...

Well, I will tell you, everything starts with interest rates, if you get interest down, but it all starts with energy. We have more energy than anybody. We don't use it. We go to Venezuela to get their tar. They don't have good -- they have tar. And we have to refine it. We have -- the only refinery that can do it is in Houston, Texas.

So, if you're an environmental person, this stuff is pouring up. It's the worst stuff. We have the best, most beautiful -- we have the best and the most.

And we have to get -- if we get energy down -- and I'm making this pledge here, but I have made it a couple of days before, so you know.

But energy -- your energy bill, which is a very big bill, will be down 50 percent starting on January -- one year from January 20. We take office. If we win this election, oh, and I just -- it's beyond like -- I didn't need to do this. I really didn't. I saw what was happening. And I said, I have to do it again.

We had a great election in 2020. We had an election that was much better than 2016.

And I said, we have to do it again. We're going to get the prices down. We can't just leave them up there, because it's going to take too long for people to catch up. That's why I did the Social Security.

No, it's too high.

You can get the prices down.

By the way, energy brings everything down.

Yes.

But interest hasn't come down very much, and you can't get that money. Look, it really happens. If you make donuts, you have the stoves, you have the dish. Everything is involved around energy. What -- that's what caused inflation, energy, more than anything else, including their stupid spending on the Green New Deal.

They spent money, so much money. And that caused it also. But the biggest thing was, they went away from my energy policy. And, by the way, after they screwed it up, they came back, because they drill a similar amount. So, they say, well, we're doing almost as much as he did. The fact is that, four years later, I would have been four to five times more.

We would have dominated Russia and Saudi Arabia. When I took over, we were number three and number four in energy in terms of production. When I left, we were number one by far. We would have been -- we would have been double Saudia Arabia and Russia combined. There was nobody going to be close. We would've supplied Europe. We were going to make a fortune, including paying –

Yes. When – if your energy bills come down to half, which they will because we have it. Some countries could never make that pledge.

It's going to bring everything down with it.

Look, if you have to make –

The problem with electric vehicles, and Elon Musk is a very good friend of mine. He endorsed me like, and you saw him the other night in Butler, Pennsylvania. Was he having a good time )?

I like it .

Thank you.

Thank you.

Thank you.

Yes, on the borders?

Yes, we want to have as many people come in as possible but they have to come in legally. We don't want murderers, we don't want drug dealers, we don't want human traffickers, we don't want people from prison that are being let out after murdering somebody. We don't want to have that. We want to have great people come.

And that's the sad thing. So many people work to come in our country, and they've worked for 10 years, they're getting ready and then millions of people pour through the Southern Border. They fly them over in airplanes, nobody knew that until about nine months ago. They were talking about the border and like they were trying and all this.

Look, he's the worst president in history and she's the worst vice president.

She's worse than him. She's worse than him. And she was made the border czar and she's destroying our country. I don't want to use the word destroyed because that makes it sound like it can't come back. But it's awfully close. She is the worst. He made her border czar. She never even went there. The Border Patrol, yesterday, two days ago, thousands of them, the whole thing, 100 percent, unanimous, every single person, thousands of them, they endorsed me. And they work for her.

They're not even sure if they're allowed to do it. They said we don't care. She's so bad, we don't care. Do whatever you want to do. We have to have borders. If we don't have borders -- but we also want to have people come in. You know, we, actually, need people. We have – we sort of like, all these companies that we're going to bring in through taxation, we're going to bring in a lot of companies, they've got to have people to work.

Otherwise bringing them is not going to work either. You need the people. But they're going to come in through testing. They're going to come through like, do they love our country? Can they love our country? We had – Aurora, Colorado, when Venezuelan street gangs have taken over a big chunk of the city. They've taken over apartment buildings. They're in the real estate business, just like I am.

No, but think of it. They've taken over buildings and everyone's petrified. The governor of the state is petrified. He's a radical left guy. He has no idea what to do. We can't have that. And you know what, and you see it, every state is afraid of this. Even the ones that haven't been hit yet. Springfield, Ohio, they have 52,000 people.

No problems, no real crime. Beautiful community. They just dropped 30,000 illegal aliens in Springfield, Ohio and it's become a different place. We're going to destroy our country. Our country is going -- it's horrible.

For the election.

And you know the word is probation. They use a word --

In order to get the people in legally, they call them probation. Probation's for prisoners. So they use this in Springfield, Ohio. So you have 32,000 people coming into a 50,000 community. You can't get into the hospitals, you can't get your kids into school. They're taking over the school and they're looking for interpreters because the people that came in don't speak the language.

I mean other than that it's a wonderful situation. It's -- it's -- they're destroying our country.

Yeah, a lot of people.

Look, we have a country. It grows nicely over a period of many years. All of a sudden they are force-feeding millions of people -- 21 million people came in over the last three years with them. And look, we all have a big heart. We want to take care. We're not going to have a country left. There's no country that can sustain this.

We're a laughingstock all over the world. They're laughing at our president and vice president. They've never seen anything like this. You know we have another thing. If you touch a foot -- if you put one foot into our country, congratulations, you have a lawsuit. You don't take the person and move the person into -- out.

You have to go through years of litigation. We have lawyers that wait for people to come in so they -- years. You got to see the court systems. We have thousands of judges at the border. No other country has judges at the border. If somebody walks in they walk them out. Our country is in trouble. We had the best border -- you know Tom Homan. You see Tom Homan on your show.

He said we did the greatest job in the history of the border. And all they had to do was leave it and leave those people there.

But they didn't.

Hi.

Terrifying for all those kids, right? I wanted to know how quickly in a sanctuary city like they are calling Athens, Georgia. How quickly can you remove those threats to our society so that our children can go out on a run as they rightfully should be able to do in a park in the daytime by themselves? It should not be like that.

And also, I was wondering -- I've watched television all the time, I see your ads. I don't see a lot of vocalness about these sort of crimes, the hideous crimes in your promotion. So I'm wondering why that is.

Well, we are into it. First of all, we are going to end all sanctuary cities immediately.

We're going to end them.

Because they're really --

But really -- I could do it with an executive order. I'll have to do it with an executive order. You can do it with the Aliens Act of 1798. We can do things in terms of moving people out. We can move them out of the sanctuary cities. You have some liberal crazy people that they fight -- you know, normally you like to understand the opponent.

Like in business you want to understand what is the opposite, what do they want? It's something you want to try to figure out. Why do they want open borders? Why do they want to do this? Why do they want sanctuary cities? Sanctuary cities are really meant for one thing, to protect criminals. That's what they've become.

We're going to end all sanctuary cities in the United States and we're going to go back to normalcy. And we're going to have law and order. We're going to -- we have to reinvigorate our police. We have great police. They're not allowed to do their job. If they do their job with gusto, which is what we want, we want them to be fair. And you know the sad thing is you'll always have a bad apple. And you know, hundreds -- hundreds and hundreds of arrests, one bad arrest and it's on the front page of every newspaper and these people are incredible. They want to do their job just like the border patrol. They want to do their job. We're going to let them do their job, and I'm going to give them immunity. We're going to protect them because they do things and they end up getting sued. They lose their family, they lose their house, they lose their pension, they lose everything. The police officers in this country, our law enforcement and sheriffs, everything else, they have to be given back their dignity. They want to do their job. But we've become so politically correct. I mean you look at New York and Chicago and L.A. and every city. All run by Democrats, okay? Liberal stupid Democrats --

No, and our country --

Our country has lost its way. So it's a good question. In other words, we're going to have law and order.

So ) bad apples, they do. You -- 99 percent is -- they're just -- they want to stop crime. You will have bad -- you're going to have a bad police officer. And I've seen it where you have one -- I mean a couple of very famous cases.

No, because there are going to be some people you're still going to say we're not giving you immunity. What are you crazy? Look what happened. Look what you've done. You've been terrible. But most of them are -- you know they just want to do their job. They're prohibited from doing their job and that's what's -- we have to allow them to have -- to do their job.

They're prohibited from -- when you see these hundreds of kids walk into a department store and walk out with refrigerators and air conditioners and the police are standing there watching it and they're shaking. You know why they're shaking? Because they want to do their job. They want to stop them. But they're told you can't stop them.

You go to drugstores now, you must know this. You go to drugstores. They have glass all over the place. If you want to buy a bottle of aspirin they tell me -- I haven't been in there for awhile.

No, it's like a big deal. But who can run a store like that? And they're all going out of business. So I think we all agree.

No.

If we have to.

Two enemies. We have the outside enemy and then we have the enemy from within. And the enemy from within, in my opinion, is more dangerous than China, Russia, and all these countries. Because if you have a smart president, he can handle them pretty easily. But the thing that's tougher to handle are the lunatics that we have inside like Adam Schiff.

I call him the enemy from within.

I don't know, I thought it was a nice presentation.

I wasn't unhinged. You know -- you know what they are? They're a party of sound bites, fair . Somebody asked me can they be brought together? You know, it's very -- I never thought -- really, I wasn't thinking like they could because they are -- they're very different. And it is the enemy from within and they're very dangerous.

They are Marxists and Communists and Fascists. And they're saying -- I use a guy like Adam Schiff because they made up the Russia, Russia, Russia hoax. It took two years to solve the problem. Absolutely nothing was done wrong, et cetera. They're dangerous for our country. We have China, we have Russia, we have all these countries.

If you have a smart president, they can all be handled. The more difficult are, you know, the Pelosis. These people, they're so sick, and they're so evil. If they would spend their time trying to make America great again, we would have -- it would be so easy to make this country great. But when I heard about that, they were saying, I was, like, threatening. I'm not threatening anybody. They're the ones doing the threatening. They do phony investigations. I have been investigated more than Alphonse Capone. He was the greatest gangster.

No, it's true.

No, but think of it. It's called weaponization of government. It's a terrible thing.

They're the threat to democracy.

Glad I got that out. I'm glad I got that out.

Sure. So we give hundreds of billions of dollars to foreign countries, many of which you never heard of, and not just -- I'm not just talking Ukraine. I'm talking about so many countries that nobody's ever heard of, where they're getting tens of millions of dollars a month. And yet this group of people we have in our White House did the worst recovery or rescue in especially North Carolina that anybody's ever seen, worse than almost Katrina, which I guess really set the example, right?

I mean, they're comparing it to Katrina. They're saying maybe even worse. And then they're offering them like a little pittance and they're negotiating. And I will tell you, Elon Musk did something that was great. He got them Starlink. They called me. Do you know that one of the top people in North -- they had no communication whatsoever.

And they said, you know Elon Musk. Yes. Because we want to get Starlink if we can. But it's very popular. They don't have it. I said, let me call him. I called him. He had it to them in minutes, literally before I hung up the phone. I said -- I was called while I was talking to him that they -- that he just approved it. The whole -- he's on a different level.

But it was great with me. We had...

You know what? We had -- FEMA is great. FEMA was so good with me. We had such good people. But they put these radical left lunatics in there. They actually -- when Elon had these Starlinks and they desperately needed -- they had no communication. They're almost like an island unto themselves. They come in. And they were confiscated by FEMA by basically the top people, because they didn't want it to go there.

And then all hell broke loose, and they got the Starlink. And, by the way, it worked incredibly well. He did a great service. Elon did a great service.

You know what I like about it? He endorsed me. He gave me the biggest -- you know what? He said -- Harris, so, I mean, look, he's a respected guy. When you can see a guy take that rocket yesterday...

... and have that sucker...

... come back out of space, all burned up, and he's putting it right back where it started.

I said: "Why do you do that?" "Because I don't want to build another one." He's the only one...

Hi.

Right.

Right. Good. I think it's great. And I'm glad you asked that. For 52 years, this issue has torn our country apart. Every legal scholar, the great ones, every lawyer, but the Democrats, the Republicans, the liberals and conservatives, they wanted it brought out of the federal government and brought back to the states for a vote of the people.

And, like Ronald Reagan, I believe in the exceptions for rape, incest, life of the mother, strongly believe it. You have to follow your heart. Some people don't. It's a very small percentage, but you have to follow your heart. But you have the exceptions. But we -- what we were able to do is through really the courage of six Supreme Court justices, we were able to do this after years and years of turmoil.

Now it's back in the states. We have -- the states are voting for it. If you take Ohio and Kansas, it was a much more liberal vote than you would have thought. I think it was 20 weeks, et cetera, et cetera, a much more liberal vote. But now it's where everybody has wanted it for years. And now it's working its way out in the states. Nobody wanted it to be in the federal government. Five or six or seven years ago, they started talking about weeks and this, that. But what they wanted is, they wanted it back in the states for a vote of the people. And that's where we have it. And the states are now voting for it. And, honestly, some of them are going much more liberal. Like, in Ohio, I would have thought it might be a little bit different.

And some of them are not. But it's going to be redone. It's going to be redone. They're going to -- you're going to -- you end up with a vote of the people. And some of them, I agree, they're too -- they're too tough, too tough. And those are going to be redone, because already there's a movement in those states -- I know exactly what you're talking about -- to redo it. It's back in the states, where they can have the vote of the people.

It's exactly where they want it to be. Remember this. This issue has torn this country apart for 52 years. So we got it back in the states. We have a vote of the people. And it's working its way through the system. And, ultimately, it's going to be the right thing. And IVF -- you had mentioned before IVF.

Yes.

Oh, I want to talk about IVF.

I'm the father of -- I'm the father of I -- I'm the father of IVF. So I want to hear this question.

Hi.

Thank you.

Thank you very much.

Right.

So I got a call from Katie Britt, a young, just a fantastically attractive person from Alabama. She's a senator. And she called me up, like, emergency, emergency, because an Alabama judge had ruled that the IVF clinics were illegal and they have to be closed down. A judge ruled. And she said: "Friends of mine came up to me and they were -- oh, they were so angry." I didn't even know they were going.

She -- they were -- it's fertilization. I didn't know they were even involved in it. Nobody talks about it. They don't talk about it. But now that they can't do it, she said: "I was attacked in a certain way. I was attacked." And I said: "Explain IVS very -- IVF very quickly." And within about two minutes, I understood it. I said, no, no, we're totally in favor of IVF. I came out with a statement within an hour, a really powerful statement, with some experts, really powerful.

And we went totally in favor, the Republican Party, the whole party. Alabama legislature a day later overturned, meaning approved it, overturned the judge, essentially, approved it. And we really are the party for IVF. We want fertilization. And it's all the way. And the Democrats tried to attack us on it. And we're out there on IVF even more than them. So we're totally in favor of it.

Thank you. Thank you.

Sure. That is true, by the way.

A lot of good -- a lot of good -- yes.

Ah, good.

Right.

And if I may, sir, as a West Point grad, I'd also like to ask that, as you work to de-woke our military, that you pay careful attention to the generals that you put in charge at our academies and our ROTC programs...

Very woke.

... and the curriculum there.

I have the answer. I have the answer. I love you. Write my foreign policy, please.

Because what you just...

I was bringing troops back home. I got out of Syria. I defeated ISIS, because it was the only one. I started no new wars, as you know.

For 79 years, this had not happened, no new wars. I finished off ISIS. It was supposed to take five years. I did it in a month, month-and-a-half. And, by the way, we have a great military. When I said, do it, they did it. Five years. You know why five years? Because the Washington generals, the guys you see on television, they're terrible.

They're terrible. The real generals out in the field, these guys are unbelievable. The job they did on ISIS, unbelievable. OK. So -- and you're right about the academies too. It's all going to be changed. We don't have a woke military. We have a couple of woke guys on the top, a few woke people. When I -- I really got to know them during the fight on ISIS, which we won.

We beat ISIS in like -- it was supposed to take literally five years. And I did it in a month. Our military is great. You could put these guys in a cage and scream woke at them for two years and let them out, and they're coming out fighting. They're never going woke. They're never going woke. Don't worry about it.

But -- but...

Yes.

But I love the -- I love the way you phrased that question. We are -- it's got to be America first. And we're going to help people. But there's no reason for us to have 60,000 soldiers in this country, 40,000 soldiers. And we never get paid. South Korea, we have 42,000 soldiers there. They don't pay. I made them pay.

Everyone raised hell. And Biden took the deal and he said they don't pay anymore. Not since the Korea -- and they're a rich country. No, we have to -- we have to start. We cannot be taken advantage of any longer...

... in trade, in the military.

And I love the way you phrased that question. Thank you. That was great.

Thank you very much.