I am -- I am.

Well, they're used to it. We had a rally yesterday. We had probably thousands of people. I don't know, it was a tremendous hall, and it was packed to the rafters. There were -- people couldn't get in and nobody was complaining. I can tell you it was really a fantastic day, and we had a couple of meetings with a lot of people and everybody was there.

I think it's going to be surprising how many people show up. They want to really -- they want to show something, they want to -- they have to win in November. Look, if we don't win in November, if we don't beat the worst president in the history of our country. To you, I can say that because you agree 100 percent with that one.

He's the worst president --

-- before that. The happiest person is Jimmy Carter, because his presidency was brilliant by comparison. We have to win and the more we win by the better it looks.

I don't think he's had one thing that's successful and now you just see the ship get blown up and I guess the missile, the ship and I'm just getting the first signs of it right now. And I'm telling people that you know, I'm --

You know, you have the Secretary of Defense who was missing for five days and now they say he's running the war, believe it or not, from his laptop in his hospital bed. And normally you wouldn't believe it but, in this administration, I would. You take a look at Afghanistan, the way they withdrew. You know, I was all set to withdraw, but we were going to do it with strength and dignity, and the soldiers come out last, the military comes out last.

Move the military out first and that was the end of that. What a decision that was. And you know, we have the same people running this war in the Middle East because now you're starting a war in the Middle East.

Well, it wouldn't have happened, It would never have happened and not in a million years. I dealt with President Xi, had a good relationship, but it was a tough relationship. And as you know, we took in hundreds of billions of dollars from China, no president ever took in $0.10, literally not $0.10 in years and decades.

We never took in anything. China ran us ragged. I took in hundreds of billions of dollars, hundreds of billions with a B, billions of dollars. And it would have never ever happened, that would have -- whether it's -- and I'm talking about Taiwan, but Russia would have never happened going into Ukraine, and Israel would have never been attacked, and we wouldn't have had inflation and lots of other good things.

What they've done to this country is they're destroying our country, Sean.

Well, they were killing many soldiers, mostly snipers, and they were killing many of our soldiers, especially under Obama. The Obama administration was losing a lot of people through snipers. They're very good shots and the equipment they had was very good. And a lot of people were being decimated, literally killed, and other people, in addition to our soldiers.

And I said I've got to speak to this guy, who's the top guy? And his name is Abdul. By the way, he's still there. He did very well. He's got $85 billion worth of equipment, etc., etc. But I said I have to speak to him. And the press went crazy when they heard I was going to make a call to him. I said no, no, no, it was like Jesse James, they say Jesse, Jesse, why do you go after the banks?

He said, because that's where the money is. So, I say why do I go after Abdul and the Taliban? Because that's where the death was. They were the ones causing the deaths, very similar to whether it's the money or the banks or anything else, that's where the death was. So, I said I want to speak to this guy.

So, they got him and we, through a series of minor interceptions, we were able to get him. And I spoke to him, and I had a very rough conversation. I would say a firm conversation.

Well, he said, but why, but why do you send me a picture of my house? And I said, Abdul, you'll have to figure that one out for yourself.

Right, let me just finish with Abdul first. I had the conversation; it was a tough conversation. He understood that -- I let him know that it will be -- hell will rain down on them like never before. Now you heard me have that conversation with Kim Jong Un before we made peace and before we became able to talk to each other very nicely, to be honest with you, at a minimum.

We solved that problem because that would have been -- that's North Korea. We would have had -- I think we would have been nuclear war -- if Hillary Clinton, which was an extension of the Obama administration. If she got into office, I think you would have had a nuclear war with North Korea. But we didn't have a nuclear war; I got along very well with him after the first two months, which was very vicious and very rocky with Little Rocket Man and the red button on the desk and all of the different things.

With the song Rocket Man. But to finish with Abdul though, Sean. So, after the conversation, not one American soldier was killed in 18 months, not one. They weren't killed, they weren't shot at, they weren't sniped, they weren't -- nothing happened until that horrible day. We had a terrible election where I got more votes than any other candidate in history and a sitting president, but the result was very unfair.

And what happened is it all blew up after I was gone. So many things blew up, China blew up, Iran became rich. Think of it, Iran became rich. And by becoming rich, they now are giving billions of dollars to Hamas and the Taliban -- they're giving it to many, many groups. I hear 28 different groups. But Hezbollah.

They're giving millions and millions and billions, frankly, when you add it all up, of dollars. Iran gave very little if anything because they were trying to survive. Iran was broke -- when I left, they were broke. I let everybody know if you do any business with Iran, if you buy oil from Iran -- oil is their big deal.

If you buy any oil from Iran, you're not doing any business with the United States. And virtually every single nation would not buy oil. They were afraid to buy oil; they wouldn't do it. And I'm not -- I wasn't looking to hurt around. I'm looking to make a deal where they don't have a nuclear weapon.

They're 60 days away from having a nuclear weapon and it just can't be allowed that they have a nuclear weapon.

OK. So, when I left -- before we get to that, when I left office, Iran was broke, they weren't giving money to anybody. And now they have $200 billion, maybe $250 billion sitting in the bank, in addition to getting $6 billion for five hostages. And in addition to getting $10 billion for supplying some electricity to Iraq.

But they have $250 billion because all of those sanctions and all of those harsh words that I had with other nations were taken off the table. And Iran now is an immensely wealthy nation. When I left, they had no money, they were broke. They were down to the bottom. They weren't giving any money to Hamas or Hezbollah or anybody.

As far as Putin is concerned, I actually had a very good relationship. He's a very tough guy, but I had a very good relationship, and he understood that he's not going in. You know, it was the apple of his eye. I spoke to him often about it. I would always talk about it because I knew it was his inclination, but there was no chance that it would happen.

And he knew there would have been tremendous -- a tremendous problem if it happened, tremendous, beyond anything. And it didn't happen. You know, a lot of people say, well, how do we know. Because it didn't happen. It never happened. Nobody even thought a thing like this could happen. And when I heard the words that were used, I said, you know, he's going to force Putin to do it. And you take a look at what happened, and you take a look at the stupidity of the words.

And now you have what you have -- you have a country that's been obliterated.

Well, I don't know, they're very big with disinformation/misinformation, the other side, like they're totally professional at that. That's what they're good at. They're good at that and cheating on elections and other things. But they're not good at policy. They're not good at borders. They're not good at economy, they're not good at keeping down inflation.

The things they're not good at are monumental. And they're the ones that affect the country. I think that we're going to do very well. But I've been really tamping it down, Sean, to be honest with you. I know exactly what you say. If I win by a record, they're going to say, oh, this was a terrible, terrible night.

It's very interesting; the last time in 2016, I did great. I was, you know, I really thought I was -- we didn't have much of a ground game. Nobody ever heard the word caucus before, in all fairness, you know, it wasn't like a big thing.

Yeah, well, we came in second, Sean. Out of 18 candidates, we came in second. And that's the first time I ever ran a race. I never ran for even school president or any of that, right, class president.

Well, they're also coming -- it's very interesting, they're coming from prisons and jails. They're coming from mental institutions, insane asylums. They are terrorists all over the place. In 2019, they did a poll, and I was even surprised by this, zero terrorists coming in, zero. That's what they said. I don't know, that's -- I was saying are you sure about that?

Who knows. But that's what they have. Right now, we have record numbers of terrorists coming into our country. It's a horrible thing. We had the safest border in history, now we have the worst. Now people aren't buying, I mean I heard they tried to make that claim, but it didn't work out too well, they stopped.

People aren't buying it because I'm beating Biden in every single poll by a lot. And I'm the only candidate running that's beating him. Nikki's getting clobbered. She uses a poll that's two months old and it was a fake poll, and she said she's doing well against Biden. She's not doing well. She's losing against Biden in most polls and so is Ron Desanctimonious.

So, we're leading Biden in almost every poll that I've seen for the last month and a half, two months, and we're leading him by a lot. And so, they're not buying it. The fact is the border is the worst it's been; the economy is a disaster, inflation is the worst ever -- probably the worst ever. They say the worst in 52 years, but maybe 52 years is ever as far as I'm concerned.

But the inflation -- all things we would have never had. You know, inflation was caused by the energy problem that he created. Energy went up -- after I got out energy doubled; energy went up to a level that nobody's ever seen before. That caused inflation. And look, he's been the single worst and the single most corrupt president; he's been a disaster for this country.

And I think one of the biggest problems we have is the millions and millions of people that he's allowed into our country. We're going to have a mass deportation. But the millions and millions of people that he's allowed into our country and many of them are from jails and mental institutions.

Well, you're right and you do make a lot of difference. I will say you have a very big and very powerful voice and you're a great gentleman too. I can say that to your listeners, you are really in a class by yourself. You're an incredible guy and you do make an awfully big difference, Sean, and you --

Well, you're right about that and we are going to. You know, we're a very rich country in theory, but you wouldn't know it because we owe so much money. But we are sitting on the greatest oil reserves anywhere in the world. It's not even close. We have more than Saudi Arabia, we have more than Russia.

And we, as you know, as -- you once called me up not so long ago, three years ago, we were energy independent. Think of it. Today, we're begging people for energy. We're begging people for -- we're taking it from Venezuela, who people thought of as the enemy. I mean, what they've done in Venezuela.

They're making them very rich and we're taking it from Iran. We're taking oil from anybody that wants to give it and yet we have more, I call it liquid gold, under our feet. We were going to be drill baby drill. It was all drill baby drill; we're going to bring down inflation because energy caused inflation.

And when you look at what's happened to our country, when you look at the inflation, what that's done to people, where their income, if it goes up a little bit, even if it went up a lot, the inflation more than wipes it out. So, people are living very, very poorly right now and the jobs are going to be -- and being shipped overseas again.

You know, they're right back into China and Europe and everybody else that takes advantage. I stopped all of that and took in billions and billions from China. Speaking of Iowa, I gave the farmers $28 billion out of the tariffs I took in from China. Not one -- think of it, not one president took in any money, any money for years, for decades from China.

I took in hundreds of billions of dollars. And I gave the farmers of our country, a lot of them right here in Iowa right near us or this beautiful -- I think it's beautiful, very invigorating weather frankly. But we gave them $28 billion, you remember.

It's pretty invigorating, I'll tell you.

Well, first of all, in town halls, we had a great one last week with Bret and with Martha.

We took part of your hour, I appreciate it too, but  we had a town hall with you a month ago, you did fantastic.

You got great ratings, and they got great ratings last week. But no, it brings out some nice things, it brings out -- and I think you can tell your audience, and I know they're going to believe it; I never call you and say, listen, let's not talk about certain subjects or --

No, a lot of people go on a town hall, and they negotiate for days and days and days before they ever get on. And most of them are canceled because they don't want to go and then you have all sorts of -- I didn't with Bret and with Martha, I didn't say don't talk about this, don't talk about that, I never do. Sometimes I'll say like two minutes before I go on, by the way, what are we going to be talking about today?

But no, I don't do that. I don't need to do that. This is something that Joe Biden would not be good at. This would be not a good format for him, I can tell you. There aren't too many good formats for him.

Well, look, we have a man negotiating with Putin, with President Xi of China, with Kim Jong Un, but he won't talk to Biden. So that's -- you don't have to worry about that negotiation, but bad things are happening. But we have a man that can't put two sentences together and he's negotiating with Putin and with China and with other countries that frankly don't particularly like us. And you know, we're talking about weapons of mass destruction.

We're talking about nuclear; we're talking about weapons the likes of which have never been seen before. And we have somebody that has no idea what the hell he's doing. And I don't get it. I don't know how he got there, and I just don't get it. And personally, I don't even think he's going to run -- maybe I'm in the minority, but I can't imagine.

Because if he runs -- if anything ever happened, it would be a catastrophe for our country, an absolute catastrophe. And I'm worried about it, and so are you. I'm worried about the next 10 months. We still have 10 months to go and I'm very worried about it. They could do tremendous damage. You know, Sean, you've heard, I say a lot and during speeches and all, that if you add up the worst 10 presidents in the history of our country, they haven't done the damage that Joe Biden and the Biden administration have done during this three-year period.

There's never been damage, and all you have to do is look at our southern border, which by the way we will close it up. We had the safest border in history. Now we have the worst border probably in the history of the world. There's never been a border for any country that has done what these people are doing.

Right. Well, my final message and my strong message, we have to win in November. And to win in November, we want to really put on a great show tonight. And so, it's don't be complacent; don't believe -- I mean, we have polls that are showing us 25, 30, 40 up. I mean, don't believe everything just forget about that.

Just go out and we have to vote. And the margins are important because the more we win by the better we look for November. We have to beat Joe Biden; we have to get him out of office. He's destroying our country. And I love the voters. These are incredible people. We've been all over the place for the last two and a half days and really for the last year, but it has been just a great experience with Iowa.

We won it twice and we're going to win it a third time. And we want to really win by big numbers tonight because we want to get everybody together, get them unified and then we have to go after Joe Biden.

Well, yeah, I mean we can, and I thought I made it very clear. I just want to very simply make America great again. We want to do it in a very calm and peaceful way. These people are really the insurrectionists. These people are really the crazies out there. I mean, what they do, they put roadblocks up and then you hit it very hard.

You have to fight them very hard otherwise you'd be out of office very quickly. They just have to get it together. They are really radicalized people, and our country is in danger because of it. I've often said that we have more danger from within our country than we do from the outside from -- because if you have a capable president, he can handle China, he can handle Russia.

But dealing with some of these crazy people within our own country that maybe don't love our country. In fact, maybe they hate our country, you have to be strong, you have to be tough.

Well, thank you very much, Sean. Great honor. And I hope it's America's night. That's going to be America's night --

More importantly than my night and thank you very much.