You look at Kamala, she's worse than Biden. The next day, you remember, they announced that crime is up like 45 percent. So, I was right, but I haven't gotten an apology from David Muir. But I don't watch him anymore. I haven't gotten an apology.

Thank you very much.

I'm a big fan, so just so you understand it.

Yeah.

Yeah.

It's a good show.

Right.

There is noise.

Yeah, I am. Well, I am.

And your daughter is gorgeous, really, and your wife, the whole thing. I mean, you have got some setup, I'll tell you, but your family is great and you're great, and you've really done something, and you've captured a certain spirit. You know, a friend of mine who's very smart, he's also a very big guy, he said, "Because I'm big and strong, people think I'm not the smartest guy."

OK? You are a really smart guy, and I see it and I've watched it, and I like the show. And we have the privilege of having had the highest rating in the history of the show when I did it a couple of weeks ago. That was his highest rating.

Of all time, yeah.

You beat everybody.

That's right. That's right.

Yup.

Go ahead.

Yeah.

I never talk about it.

Yeah. I mean, I just have great relationships with a lot of people. People say that, you know, a little bit like you do. I don't think it's a narrative the press likes. Maybe it's not even a narrative that I should have. We have to protect our country, and maybe we should let the -- the other side -- I don't even call them the enemy.

I think we have more of an enemy from within than we do from outside. You know, if you have a smart president -- they talk about China and Russia and everything else. If you have a smart president, they're not going to be the problem. We have a bigger problem from within, and they hate it. I noticed, today, they were saying, "He said the enemy from within."

Of course, it's Adam Schiff. These are bad people. These are sick people and bad people. And it's true. But I think it's a narrative that they don't like. Frankly, I think the fake news -- a term, I think, I came up with. I'm very proud.

It's not tough.

Yeah, I should --

But, you know, it's -- it's funny because it's a great term, but it's actually not strong enough because it's beyond fake, it's really bad.

Yeah.

Yeah.

It's something that I've never -- I -- I love doing it. I don't need praise for it. I -- I don't -- we all like a certain level of praise, but I've never -- I just like helping people. I help a lot of people and I enjoy doing it and I never talk -- it's nice that you bring it up. I also think it's not a narrative that the press likes talking about for me.

I want to see them.

I want to see.

I like that.

Yeah.

Well, that's Lara. So, I have a wonderful -- the wife of -- of Eric, and she's a terrific person. You know, she's actually now a very big -- an important person in the -- in getting elected in the Republican Party, comes from North Carolina. She loves the dogs, and I did that in her honor, actually. And, you know, if you listen to her, boy, dogs are treated very badly.

There are, you know, some evil people having to do even with dogs.

So, I did that for my daughter-in-law, yeah, more so than me. I don't know that much about dogs, but I want to take care of them and I had an opportunity. You know, as president, you can do a lot of things. I did a lot at the size of the kennels, the size of the -- you know, there's like cages that they're in, and they're -- it's terrible.

It's like you have no room, no nothing. And she came in with a whole group of people. These are people that really fight hard for dogs. I mean, you have people that fight. And she's a good person, so I did it for her.

Yeah.

Yeah.

Right.

We are. Well, actually, manhood --

Is under attack.

I see things that are so beautiful. And the next day, I see they're knocking the hell out of somebody for doing something that a day before I said, "What a wonderful thing." No, we have to get back a little bit more. You know, the other thing under attack is religion. Religion was like the glue that kept this country together.

And so many people are mocking it now. They mock it. And it just kept our country together. But it's absolutely under attack, and under attack by this administration. And you look at Kamala, she's worse than Biden. Biden is -- is -- he's out of it, OK?

But she's -- she's actually not as smart as Biden. Biden was smarter than her. I think to this day, he is. And I don't think the country can take a chance on having her. I think it's a tremendous -- I don't even think it's a chance.

I think it would be a disaster.

So -- are you talking about her and him or --

Are you talking about just him?

Well, he -- he was different. I -- I think he had a really bad night. I don't think --

He had a -- I don't know. He had a really bad -- the second time.

I think he had a really bad time of it. So, I debated him before and he was OK. Look, I hit him hard. I asked him about $3.5 million. Remember when Chris Wallace was protecting him? Chris Wallace is not doing so well. Chris Wallace is not Mike. But I asked him about the three and a half given to him by the mayor of Moscow's wife.

I said, "How do you -- how do you justify this?" And then I always have two or three people to debate. The last time, I had David Muir.

Oh, they're terrible.

Well, David Muir, I said, "Crime is through the roof. It's way up." And he said, "No, it's not. It's way down. The FBI said so." Well, the FBI didn't include a lot of places.

Yeah. The next day, you remember, they announced that crime is up like 45 percent. So, I was right, but I haven't gotten an apology from David Muir. But I don't watch him anymore. I haven't gotten an apology. No, I think Biden -- look, the debate he had was not great, but I -- I think that he's a step above her, actually.

Yeah. Oh, yeah.

Sure.

Are we talking where we're saying about the whip or something else --

Which didn't exist?

Yeah.

Oh, you do it.

You do it. You set it up. We win, I'm there because I said, we have to win. If we don't win, we're not going to have a country. You're right, they were -- they were brutalized. You know, it's interesting. These people are not smart, but they're vicious. They're very vicious, and you see it. It's like fascist.

It's like Marxist. I don't know what the hell it is, but the level -- look at -- look at me, the -- the -- the weaponization of the Justice Department, nobody's ever seen anything like it.

Are you able to use like one seat because you are --

First class, one seat.

Well, that means you have to stay wealthy, right?

Well, that's even better.

I like that even better.

You were not -- people were watching that. There's no question about it. That was a big deal.

Wow. Wow.

Right.

They've been brutalized.

Sure.

Yeah.

Right.

You know, I've never heard that before, and it's like a very interesting thing. It's -- it's the kind of thing you would think of, right, because they have been treated so terribly.

Yeah.

Right.

And other countries do that, as you know.

Other countries do that --

In spades. Yeah, it's something I would think about. You know, it's something that nobody ever brought up. I've never heard it. It's interesting you're bringing it up. You're like my tax person there. But yeah, I mean, it -- something has to be done.

And we have to attract --

Well, the military is now not attracting people. They're not going in. And I think it's because they don't respect the people at the top, the commanding officer. I mean, they're not -- the commander in chief is not -- I think you have to have -- we were not having this problem five years ago. We -- we have problems in the military right now.

You know, the one thing I will say, though, and I tell this story, we really did a great job with our military. I rebuilt the military, right? And we got rid of ISIS. And I got to know them during this very short period of time. It was supposed to take five years. We did it in about a month. Remember that?

And I got to know the real military, not these guys that are woke and that are like -- you know, like -- I -- should I mention them?

No, no.

With Milley and his of statements.

And I mean, look, I guess Mattis is a nice guy, but we have people in there that are much different, not the people on television, the people that got rid of ISIS quickly. I was told it was going to take five years, and we did it in a matter of literal weeks. And I said, "This is a great military." And by the way, they're not woke.

You could never make them woke. These are guys -- you will never ever make them woke, but they did a great job, great job.

Yeah.

Yeah.

Right.

So, let me ask you this, so what about teachers that are in the military and they're teachers, they leave the military, they become history teachers, they become math teachers, and they're in the room and they get to know the students and they know how to use a -- you can't have people that don't have any idea about what to do with guns.

But people that were in the military that are in the classroom and they have access to guns, whether it's on them or in a little safe or something. You know, the problem is if it's in a safe, it takes a long time --

To get it, right, so, you know. But sometimes, I think -- and I've heard that and I've thought about it a lot, and in some ways, I like that more than just having police standing someplace in the building. Do you like that idea? It would be a small percentage of the teachers, like 5 percent.

But that would be much more than you would ever have with --

Yeah, yeah.

Yeah.

Right. Right.

You notice how that stopped? I'm in the middle of a campaign -- hopefully the end of a campaign, and it's going to be successful. But we're in a campaign, nobody ever talks about the environment. They don't talk about it. They want clean air. They want clean water. This green new scam is the worst thing that's ever happened.

They're destroying our -- you know, the windmills all over the place. You fly over these gorgeous areas, you got windmills going all over.

Yeah.

Yeah. They -- they were much nicer than --

Actually, they were actually much nicer. No, when you think of what they've done, though, with all of the money that they spent, trillions and trillions of dollars -- China does nothing, by the way, just so you understand.

No, they don't do anything. And by the way, that flies right over our country. You do understand?

Those winds, four and a half days, it's over. So, here we are. It costs us twice to make a product, three times, four times, five times, and we're trying to keep everything nice and clean, but the wind is flying in from China, India, and every place else. It's crazy, isn't it?

Yeah.

Yeah.

That's right.

Good guy.

I can't believe you wear glasses, huh?

Huh?

Yeah.

Yup. That's true.

Well, you have a great new governor in Louisiana. I bet you, he'd take a look at it because your new governor, a Republican --

Is -- he was the attorney general. Now, he's a governor. So, if you give me that, I'll send it to him, OK?

Sounds good, right?

Why, is that something -- I mean, it's a big problem in --

Uh-huh.

That is -- that is not --

If you -- if you give me, I will send it, and I'll bet you get action.

Yeah.

Insurance is one of the biggest increases, and it's happened in the last four years. People are going crazy with the insurance costs. And I -- I say what about self-insurance? You know, sometimes, people are better off with self-insurance. They can't afford the insurance. And then the problem is when you need the insurance, they don't want to pay and they negotiate, right? They say, "We're not going to pay you," and you end up getting $0.05 on the dollar.

It's a problem. It's a real problem.

Go ahead.

OK.

So, she's very good, right?

That's good.

Good.

Good.

Good.

Not too much. They like it. They do it, maybe a little bit, but not -- not like your daughter. No, your daughter is supposed to be very -- like you, a talented athlete, right?

You can see it. No, I've heard that.

Right.

Because baseball -- yeah.

A little bit less.

No, but it never ends.

So, Wilmington  is about 20 minutes away.

Yes, you're -- no, you're going to come over. We're going to have dinner with your daughter and your family, your wife. We're going to come over and have dinner. But do you mean, Wellington or Wilmington?

Right. Right.

Yeah, it could be. But it's -- either one is about, yeah, 20, 25 minutes. So, come over. I'd love to have you on.

No, but you're a terrific guy. Look, it's -- that show has caught on and the whole group is -- is great. But I just -- I've always watched you. You always were defending me, and a lot of people don't defend me, and I like people that defend me because I think I'm doing the right thing, and we have a lot of bad people in our country.

You know, we have a lot of people that -- you almost say they must hate our country because what they do is so bad for our country. But I just have always appreciated it.

Yeah.

Right. Right.

Yeah.

I appreciate it.

No, no, no, it means a lot to me. It does.

You know, I think this is going to be the most important election in the history of our country.

Because our country is going bad. You know, I hate to say -- our -- I wouldn't do this with just politics. Our country is going bad. The things we do. I mean, men playing in women's sports, OK?

As -- as crazy as -- and let's not say it's the most -- but it's just crazy, the whole concept. Having no borders. Having elections where you're not allowed to ask somebody whether or not they happen to live in the country. Just anybody can walk in.

It's really wacky. And we're going to get it changed, Tyrus.

Yeah, I do.

I -- I love -- I love it.

Right.

I did -- I did that -- I mean, in the WWE Hall of Fame.

And Dana is a good friend of mine with UFC. What a job he's done, right? Dana White is -- he's like an incredible guy. And yeah, I was always involved. And then I remember, in those days -- well, Hulk is a great guy.

You have to say.

He was great.

Yeah.

Yeah.

Yeah.

No, I was --

No.

They were both friends of mine. Now, Don King is still alive, you know.

He's 92 years old.

He lives in Florida. He's a great guy. He endorsed me, very strongly endorsed. He said, "You got to vote for Trump." And I probably spoke to him a week ago maybe, and he was great. Very different guys. But there's nobody -- Don King -- each incredible. Don King, nobody like that. And Muhammad Ali, nobody liked that.

These were two unique people. You know, Don King was a tough cookie, too.

He beat the hell out of people. Unfortunately, it cost him a lot.

But he was a tough guy -- he was a tough guy, but he's a big supporter. Muhammad Ali was actually a friend of mine.

I knew him pretty well. He was amazing, actually. He was amazing. And, you know, you -- you look at some of the fights. Sonny Liston had no chance of being beaten, and he got beaten badly, twice.

And then when you look at George Foreman, another really good guy, but he just had George Foreman.

He -- bulletproof. Remember when he fought three guys and knocked him out?

He fought three -- he fought three guys one night, and he -- but -- but the third guy -- and Muhammad Ali was watching. The third guy, he was getting a lot of tired, you know. And never -- what --

Well, believe it or not, I was at Madison Square Garden. I think it was -- I think it was Ali-Frazier I.

I was there as a young guy, a very young guy. And I remember, there were many heart attacks. Can you believe it? They had heart attacks. Men -- I heard -- I don't even want to say because it sounds ridiculous, but there were a lot of heart -- it was the craziest evening. Two undefeated legendary fighters.

They were both undefeated. And it was brutal. And that was the days of the 15-round fight, you know.

And -- and I can't say it because, you know, look, I'm not in the ring, but those fights were better, you know, that -- those extra three rounds. I mean --

Yeah.

They were the championships. Right.

Yeah, I -- I think just pretty normal, but I was a very young guy.

But in terms of an event, I think that was maybe the greatest event.

But now, you have Dana White, who's done such a great job with the UFC. I don't know the boxing, unless something happens, the boxing doesn't look the same as it did.

No, no, but it's -- he's done a great job with the UFC. Would you ever do the UFC stuff?

No, from years ago.

Can you take the shots to the face? Because a lot of --

Well, that's good.

I asked Dan Gable. So, he was probably the greatest wrestler of that type, right? And he was fantastic. I said, "Would you have done well in the UFC," if -- you know, if they had it then. And he said, "No, because I could never -- I would never let people hit me in the face." You know, it's a whole different -- it's a whole different culture, frankly.

You can get hit in the face --

Yeah.

Lot of --

Yeah.

I would only do this one for you. You don't know what's going on. I am having -- I make -- I'm the keynote speaker --

At the biggest dinner in New York probably of the year, and I had a choice. I was going to walk in and say, "Could you do me a favor? Could I do this interview tomorrow or maybe next week?" And I said I'm not doing it to Tyrus. And I got people over at the big hotel, and that room is packed, and everybody's wearing white tie, not black tie.

I don't like wearing white tie, but it's white tie, and it's waiting for me. And I said, you know what, I got to do it with Tyrus because I respect him. And Tyrus has always -- I tell you -- your people, he's always stuck up for me when maybe it wasn't the thing to do and he's always there. So, I'm here for you. And I'm a little late, but that's OK.

Thank you, man. Special guy.

Thank you very much. Thank you.

Take care of yourself.