I don't think so. I think we're getting the word out. We have a crooked trial. We have a corrupt situation in New York. It's election interference. Everybody knows it. We've had tremendous response, really tremendous response. If you look at Jonathan Turley, every single -- Andrew McCarthy, everybody is just saying how terrible it is. I just read Gregg Jarrett and Mark Levin, every single person, Dershowitz.

The reviews are like this is a trial that is a disgrace to America. I haven't had one -- one review saying that's a legitimate trial. It's really election interference at a high level. It should never happen. And I think, you know, based on polls, including in your state, in Wisconsin, the polls are as good as they've ever been.

I think the highest I've ever had, actually, because people know it's a witch hunt.

Well, I'll be picking, but probably not too much before the convention, which I happen to be having in the great state of Wisconsin.

No, I don't see it. I do see a problem in Chicago for the Democrats because they've handled things very poorly in so many different ways and they have a person that doesn't even speak to the public. I don't know. Has he come out and spoken yet? I don't think he's spoken about what's going on with the colleges and universities.

So, I think you're going to have a little bit of a problem in Chicago. Maybe a big problem. I think here is going to be good.

Oh, I have -- yeah, I have great -- we have great respect for them. We've been dealing with them for over a year. You know, we made that choice of Milwaukee a while ago. And we've been dealing with them for over a year, and the relationship has been great.

We have to pull it together. We have to get together. Israel has to get up and finish what they started. They have to finish it fast, get it done, and we have to get together as a world because the world is blowing up all over the place. You know, four years ago, there were none of these problems. Today, you have problems like nobody's ever seen before.

The world is blowing up. We have to bring it together.

Well, based on the polls, we have more than we've ever had here in this county. But just generally in the state, I think we have the highest number we've ever had. So, I think we're going to keep it there and maybe build it because when you see the bad job that Biden is doing on the border, we have millions and millions of people flowing into our country from prisons, from mental institutions, terrorists.

They're coming in here by the millions, and we're destroying our country in so many different ways. Now, you see, the markets are crashing. The business, the economy is very bad. Inflation has destroyed people. It's destroying the lives of a lot of people. We have record inflation. The country is a mess.

I'm not signing a national abortion bill. That's Democrat misinformation. I'm the opposite. We fought for years. Everybody did, both sides. They fought. They wanted to have states' rights, very important, states. They wanted to bring the states into it. And that's Democrats and Republicans. And I got that done.

And now, it's up to the state. It's up to your state, it's up to every state, what you do, what you -- and this is the way people wanted it. Democrats wanted it. Republicans wanted it. And now, it's up to the states, and I think it's working out very well. Some states have surprising votes, I mean, one way or the other, but it's now up to the states.

It's not up to me anymore. And I think that a lot of people are very happy about it. They've been trying to get this done for 53 years.

I mean, all good names. We were speaking before, all good names. We have a lot of them.

Marco is great. I think he's been great.

Well, he's one of the people I respect, I can tell you that. Marco has been great. But so many people asked that question. Usually, it's done right around the convention. So, it's going to be done and maybe it'll be done before you because here we are in Wisconsin. We'll be making that decision, I think, closer to Wisconsin time, if you want to know the truth.

It's very early right now.

Tim Scott is fantastic. He's been -- I always say to Tim, you know, he campaigned. He did well, but he does really well as a surrogate for me. He's been incredible. He goes around. They call it surrogate, and he's been to a lot of different networks and stations, does a fantastic job.

Well, I'm in a fake trial and I'm in a trial that's Democrat -- you know, you take a look at where did it come from. It came from Biden. It's a Biden trial to try and keep me off --

There's evidence. So, you just take a look. I mean, who's heading up the trial? Take a look at the person that's heading it up. No, there's a lot of evidence. There's -- and there's also common sense involved, but there's a lot of evidence. And it's disgraceful. Never happened in the history of our country before what they're doing.

So, I call it the Biden trial, and it's a fake deal. And the voters get it, and that's why I'm up by so much.

Thank you very much. Appreciate it.

Thanks.