Good morning.

Well, it's way too high. But if you go back two years, you'll see, that was where it was just so bad and nothing's happening. You know, you're still way up in the stratosphere, close to 30%, the real numbers. Remember, they leave a lot of numbers out. You know, this crazy Biden administration, everything's a -- everything's a game and they leave a lot of numbers out.

They leave the highest numbers, the worst numbers. Oftentimes, they'll leave rental out. They'll leave a certain food type out. The whole thing is rigged. They are the worst.

He is the worst president. Hey, Hugh, this is -- and you don't have to say it, I will. This is the worst president in the history of the United States, and it's not even close. And you can take the 10 worst and add them up, and they're not as bad as this guy. And -- and look, the inflation is bad and the number today is bad.

They want to try for the -- you know, this is like using the strategic reserves for gasoline. They want to try and play around with the interest rates with the Federal Reserve. But you can't lower them because of the fact that you have the inflation. It's a lot of inflation. When added to the inflation that we've suffered that's been so bad, it's got to come down much more.

That's a lot of inflation, their number, this --

Well, I'm not a fan of LeBron James. I have a lot of players that I like better than LeBron, although he's an excellent basketball player, but I don't like his politics one bit. This nation would be destroyed if you went by his politics. Do you remember he endorsed the great Hillary Clinton? And that endorsement was a disaster.

She got on stage, she walked up to him, and she came up to his belt buckle and said, "That's not a good look." That is not a good look for a president. But --

Hugh, is he thinking about leaving California, going back to Ohio?

Well, Dan Gilbert is a good guy and he's a smart owner. And that'll be interesting. Certainly, it's good to have LeBron James as a player.

Oh, absolutely. I've been trying to get -- you know, he's issuing it. I wonder whether or not he shows up because, you know, he also challenged me to golf. So, I'm a very good golfer. He can't hit a ball 50 yards. He said, "I'll give him three aside." But he knows he'll never play. This is sort of like that, I think.

But I hope not because I really think he has to debate. He might as well get it over with. Probably, we should do it early so that he can -- you know, he's not going to get any better  Every day -- every day --

Every day is a down factor for him.

Well, I've already -- I just -- why don't you look at the statement? I just put out a statement. You should have it on your hot wires. You get everything. I noticed you get things very quickly. I put it out on Truth, and Truth is the hottest thing right now by far.

Take a look.

Do you want to read that -- do you want to read it? Do you want to read it?

Oh, I see. OK.

I do. I do. And I don't think they'll have a choice.

I don't know. I mean, Gavin is a terrible governor. Gavin Newscum, he's a terrible governor. I think he does a terrible job. I have things out in California, and, you know, it's so beautiful, everything. The weather is the best. Everything is so good. But he just does a terrible job. You know, water, I had a deal for water to come down from the north.

They have so much water, and they don't do it because they're trying to protect a tiny, tiny little fish that hasn't made it. And millions and millions of gallons of water are sent into the Pacific Ocean, routed right into the Pacific, instead of coming down throughout California. It's so

I think we should go two hours. Yeah, I think we should go two.

And a stand-up podium is important. He wants to sit down. You know, he wants to do things like he wants to sit down. I think a debate should be standing up. Don't you agree with that?

Didn't you think my debates with Hillary were better? Didn't you think my debates --

In all fairness.

Because I have

But let me ask you this. I'd like that, too, but I'd be willing to take anybody. You know, what difference does it make? I'd be willing to take anybody. But, you know, the commission got caught cheating with me, you know that?

They turned down my sound, remember?

It is not believable to me that he made the statement. All that does is prolong a war because -- and it gives the other side tremendous energy when that happens. You know, it gives them a psychological energy. That was such a bad statement. And how a person that's Jewish can vote for this guy who's obviously mentally impaired, how a Jewish person can vote for him is beyond belief.

I have friends who are Democrats. You know, they're good people, they're Jewish, and they're Democrats, and that's just fine, being a Democrat. But I say, "How do you vote for this guy?" And many of them say, "We won't." But some say, "We will." It's almost like they're in a rut. They can't get out of the rut.

But he is so bad for Israel. And I've been the best president with Golan Heights and moving the capital to Jerusalem, getting the embassy built. You know, we -- we -- not only did I give the embassy, I got it built.

When I was president, Iran was broke. They were broke, stone cold broke. And you did a story I remember once, but everybody was, there was no money for terror. Hamas, Hezbollah had no terror because they had no money. They had no cash. And Iran was broke. They had less than $1 billion. They were at $600 million.

They wanted to make a deal with me. And then the election was rigged and we had a different little, little problem came up with the COVID and with all of the different things that took place in that horrible election. That election was the worst election in the history of our country. We're going to have the best election in the history of our country on, and it's going to be a beauty, November 5th. You know, the one thing -- you can't really say November 5th anymore.

In the old days, you can have a date. But here, you have all these early dates, September 22nd, September 29th. You have dates all over the place. We used to have Election Day. Now, we have election period, unfortunately. It was so much better the other way, but what are you going to do? We should

So, I think, well, he's far worse than Jimmy Carter. Jimmy Carter is like a brilliant president if you compare him to Biden. Jimmy Carter never let 18 million people into our country, many from jails and prisons and insane asylums, OK? He never let -- he never had anything like this. Jimmy Carter is a happy man now because his presidency was considered brilliant by comparison to this guy.

This guy is the worst. No, he's afraid because of a different reason. He's a thief, a total thief, and he's taken millions and millions of dollars from China and Russia. Remember when he got $3.5 million from the mayor of Moscow's wife? And I brought it up with Chris Wallace, and Chris Wallace said, "You can't bring that up. That doesn't belong here." I said, "It's a big story." And two months later, it turned out to be a big story.

He didn't want me to question him. I said, "How come you got $3.5 million from the mayor of Moscow's wife?" Remember that? It's a big deal. And Chris Wallace, how's he doing, by the way? Chris Wallace wouldn't let me bring it up. And I said, "Well, I'm debating two people then," which is

Yeah, the answer is yes and yes. He's definitely afraid. But he's also afraid because Joe -- Joe Biden is a Manchurian candidate in the truest sense of the word. He is being paid off by China, and he's being paid off by Russia, and he's being paid off and was paid off by Ukraine. You take a look at that.

Just look at it. I mean, the money is coming from every different angle. So, he's worried that if he is nice -- is tough, like I was with China -- I took in $500 billion in tariffs. Not one president -- and it was going up. Not one president has ever taken in anything from China. Now, he puts a tariff finally.

It should have taken place three and a half years ago. He puts it on the electric vehicle. But that's going to destroy other vehicles. You've got to put it on everything. He just put a tariff on China, the first time he's ever done this, and the only reason he did it is because the election is coming up and he wants to sell this ridiculous EV mandate, the all-electric car that people don't want.

Five percent want it and certain people want it. And, you know, it doesn't go far, it costs too much, and they're all going to be made in China. But he really is -- he's a Manchurian candidate, and I believe he's weak on China because they know how much money they paid him and his family.

It's -- it's not even believable, and it's not believable that they're trying to get -- look, we don't want Austin and these guys telling our ally, and a very important ally, by the way, how to fight their war. They've got to get that war over with and they've got to -- they've got to do it very fast. You know, people are now starting to say October 7th didn't exist.

You know, here goes the -- the misinformation machine. They're saying the war, that never took place. October 7th never took place. It's the same way the same people that say the Holocaust never took place. And that's starting to hurt Israel very because there are a lot of people that believe it. I was watching the other night, and these kids are saying -- you know, these kids that are protesting.

When they accepted an interview, a little interview, they said, "Oh, October 7th never happened. That never happened. I never heard about that." It's like incredible. Israel has to finish this off quickly. And I wouldn't listen to the people that gave us Afghanistan and the people that gave us all these failures, these military failures that we're involved in.

I would listen to the people that wiped out ISIS. You know, who wiped out ISIS? Donald Trump.

Yeah, that's an interesting -- that's an interesting question. The answer is yes. I think it's a great idea. Nobody has suggested that. But you, see, you're a step above. Nobody has suggested that but you. It's a very good idea. I will be putting out a Supreme Court list.

That's a very interesting idea.

No, but he's very good. I tell you, he's really good. He's an expert. You know, he made his money -- he made a lot of money in -- in technology. And yet, he's -- to me, I think he's more of an expert on energy. He's a very talented guy. He has a great wife and family. He's -- he's running

Well, all of the people you mentioned are real candidates. I mean, everybody you've mentioned. I mean, generally speaking, the people you like are the people that I like. I mean, to be honest with you. All right. You're not going to see some of the clowns you have right now, that -- that I can tell you. The people that we have right now, the Afghanistan, what they did with Afghanistan and to have nobody fired.

You know, I was a firer, not that I want to be. I don't want to fire. But I would get rid of people if they did something where -- which was -- how about not one person was fired and Afghanistan was the most incompetently -- Afghanistan gave us Russia going into Ukraine, that's for sure. And it gave us China getting frisky.

It was so badly handled. I mean, grossly incompetent. To move the soldiers out first, you know, that was -- that was 90%. They should have used Bagram. And by the way

Yes. You know, I knew him very well. And I love the term, the -- because I have a big silent majority, the biggest. I think the biggest ever. We had 107,000 people at that rally. The final count just came out from, I think, the town or the fire department, 107,000 people. I expected 40,000, 45,000. We had -- by the way, if Biden went down to do a rally, he wouldn't get 50 people in that same location.

He wouldn't get 50 people, and you know it. And by the way, nobody else would get more than 200 or 300. We had 107,000 people at that rally. That was -- you had to see it. It was a wave of people. And the town did a great job.

Yes. So, Nixon used the term silent majority. I added the word great to it. I have great silent majority. I didn't -- you know, the -- the term was very, very powerfully associated with Nixon, and I didn't want to be copying the term, actually. So, it's the great silent majority. And I did use it pretty much -- I haven't used it much, pretty much for the first time in an important location in

It got a tremendous -- it got a tremendous response.

His life, to me, was very sad. It was a very sad life. You know, I got to know him really more when he was out. He watched me on the -- his wife watched me on the -- on The Phil Donahue Show, and she wrote a letter, which I have. She wrote a letter, which he gave to me, saying that -- he wrote me a letter saying that "My wife, Pat --" who he really loved, by the way, really loved -- but he sort of had very few friends.

You know, she was his friend. But he wrote a letter, "My wife, Pat, said that someday, if you wanted to be, you'll be president of the United States." It's become somewhat of a famous letter. It's from him explaining she watched me on The Phil Donahue Show. Remember that

It's very cute.

It's totally unconstitutional.

No, I don't get -- I'm not getting in trouble. I know exactly how to talk. You know, we have a gag order that like the likes of which nobody's ever seen. We're doing very well on a case, but we have a judge who I say is corrupt and conflicted. He's a corrupt judge and he's conflicted. And nobody can believe the gag order.

That's never happened in this country before. There's never been --

Because I won an election against somebody that was supposed to win. It broke up their game like rather -- rather drastically, in all fairness. If you remember, before that election, they thought they had it made. They took the convention center. They built the most beautiful -- they built the most beautiful venue I've ever seen.

They spent millions. They spent $28 million building that thing. It was beautiful. They built a -- it's like a picture. It was a beautiful picture of the United States. I've never seen anything like it. And then they lost. You know, the glass ceiling, it had a glass ceiling. It's a convention center. I actually was involved with it. It has a glass ceiling.

They were going to break the glass ceiling. It was an election that they had in the bag, they thought, and they lost. And it's been -- you know, they've been very nasty. And, you know, when you say, though, people that dislike me, I also have more people that like me. We just  95% --

By the way, Hugh, I just got a 95% approval rating in the Republican Party. That's higher than 86 that Ronald Reagan had. You know, I'm very popular in the Republican Party. I mean, hey, we got more votes than any president in history, the last election, at 75 million. That was more votes than any president has ever gotten -- sitting president has ever gotten by like eight.

And, you know, that's -- that's pretty good. And

No, I'm not overconfident because they -- they -- I'm not overconfident because they cheat. You know, they cheat. Look, I have people saying, "Well, you know, you have to expect they're going to cheat six, seven, eight points." I said, "I'm not expecting that at all. We have that, you know, covered." But they find new ways of cheating every time.

It's -- they're professional cheaters. And I say it like it is, and you know it, and you shouldn't say it because why should you get yourself in trouble?

But, you know, it's just one of those things, but --

Well, I think it's a ridiculous thing. I also think that it's almost worse than if he said convict. They said he's grossly incompetent, and this is who we have running for president. You don't think that's going to be brought up? He got out only based on the fact that he's incompetent. I mean, think of it.

I said, you know, I don't think I want to get out that way. I think I'd rather have to win it in trial because that is -- that is a disaster. It's -- it's very sad, actually, in a way. It's very sad --

Well, I think they probably had a little side thing. You know, when I hit Iran, I hit them very hard. And then they had to hit back and they called me, "We're not going to hurt anybody. We're not going to hurt anybody." That was on the military base, you remember?

OK, good. We'll see -- well, then tell him to thank me for his life, OK? You'll thank me for his life. But, you know, we knew that those missiles were not going to do any harm, but they had to send a signal. I have a feeling there was a little bit of a signal sent because that was a strange situation where they knocked down everyone and then Israel went in and attacked it in a certain way, you know, and everybody was happy.

So, I think -- I think it was -- I think it wasn't so bad. That could have been catastrophic. But the bigger problem is what are you going to do with Iran trying to get -- you know, they're going to have a nuclear weapon soon. And when they have a nuclear -- if you allow Iran to have a nuclear weapon, you're going to have problems like never before because they are very difficult people to negotiate with.

I did very well with Kim Jong Un, but he wasn't a religious zealot. Iran should not be allowed to have a nuclear weapon. They would never have had even close to a nuclear weapon. They are very close to getting a nuclear weapon. You cannot let that happen.

It's not the look you want. I said it this morning. I told people, I said, "This is not what we want. This is not central casting." And look, he's done a very poor job. The world is blowing up. And I will say, Viktor Orban -- and you know him and you respect him. He's -- you know, they say he's a strong man or a tough guy and all that, and he is. He runs a -- you know, tough.

Nobody came into his country other than he takes Ukrainians. I mean, he does take in Ukrainians. But he has nobody coming in, and they're not blowing up his shopping centers, etc. He said, "The only way you're going to solve the world problem," he was asked this question, "is Donald Trump has to become president of the United States.

When he was president, we had no problems." He used the word afraid. I would never use that word because I don't want to use that. You know, he said, "China was afraid of him. Russia was afraid of him. Kim Jong Un was afraid of him. Everybody was afraid of him. We had no problems. The whole world was peaceful." Now, the world is blowing up because nobody respects Biden, nobody.

Maybe you should do it anyway, if you want to know the truth, because what they're teaching and the way they're teaching is ridiculous. But I'd probably recommend doing something. I think we should do something with endowments anyway. It's ridiculous. And then we subsidize schools on top of the endowments.

The whole thing is ridiculous when you look and see some of these things with $25 billion, and then they're coming to us for aid. OK, the whole thing is ridiculous. And I'm going to look at the whole -- the whole situation. It's one of the great -- it's actually a tax scam in a very sophisticated way, and I think that whole thing should be looked at anyway.

Well, it is, but I'm embarrassed to say it's a centerpiece because who can imagine this is possible? You have to look at the weightlifting records. Have you ever seen, you know, where one ounce stood for -- one ounce -- one ounce stood for 12 years, and then some guy comes along and breaks it by, you know, by numbers that I can't even tell you because I think they're so ridiculous.

But who could -- who could do this? When you look at the speed records, you look at the weightlifting and the weight records, you look at all this, and then you have the sports where it's very dangerous when you're competing. Now, I understand they want to have football, they want to have girls playing on football teams, and they don't want it. And it actually is very demeaning to women.

It's a very demeaning thing to women. It's hard to believe. I mean, sure, centerpiece, yes. But I hate to put it as a centerpiece because it's so ridiculous. It's like open borders. I say the things that they do. There's no -- I call them the no common sense things. Men should not be allowed to play in women's sports, and women don't want them.

You know, I'm yet to find people that really want this, other than far-left lunatics.

That is --

Well, I wouldn't want to see that from a country standpoint. I wouldn't want to see that from that standpoint. They could -- you know, I've always loved the potential of the UN, but it's never lived up to its potential. And it's very much controlled by, I guess you'd say, radical left, but it's even worse than radical left in many ways.

It's controlled by certain nations that shouldn't be controlling. You see what's happening. You see who's going on security boards and boards. It's like that's the craziest thing I've ever heard. But you know what? Just from the standpoint of, you know, I made my money in real estate. I made a lot of money.

I'm good at real estate. Do you remember? I was going to -- I offered to build it for one-fourth the price.

And it would have been -- they said, "Well, what would be the -- what would be the difference?" I said, "It would be much better. You'd have marble floors instead of tile floors." You remember that? But I was willing to build it for 25% the cost. They spent so much money. It was so ridiculous what they did.

And

Oh, yeah.

Well, they'll do it, but I'll be -- you know, I'll be right on top of it. Look, I'd like to see more debates. I've accepted. I put out the letter. You'll see the letter. You'll read it afterwards. But I put out a letter. I think you'll get a kick out of it. I've accepted the two debates. I've recommended they should have more.

I hate to use this group that does the debates because they cheated. They turned the sound off during one of my debates, and they -- they go out of their way to help the Democrat. But that's OK. You know, it doesn't matter. We -- ultimately, you're still up there with one person, so they can do whatever they want to do. But I think there should be more than two debates, I think, and I've accepted the two, 100%. But I think there should be more than two, and I think they should be in large venues.

It's just more exciting.

Well, that's only because of the debate people. You know, you remember whenever I looked at Hillary Clinton, they turn down the sound so, you know, she wouldn't get spooked, I guess. I don't know. But they turned down the sound. And we caught them. It's on tape. They sent me a letter of apology. They cheated on the debate.

And I don't care. Look, it's two people standing on. We'll have people back there that they can't do that. But they're very, very radical left debate. They're really Clinton people, to be honest. More than anything else, they're like Clinton people. But I don't care about that. I think it's important that we have debates.

I think we should have more than two. But I've accepted the two. But I feel that the large venue is just -- it's a very exciting night. And when you don't have that, it takes a lot of -- it takes a lot of energy out of it.

Well, I think I'm doing really well. We just had a poll come out, not that one, in Michigan where I'm up nine points. I -- we just had one come out in Minnesota where I'm -- I think I'm up one. You saw that one yesterday. I'm up one point. You know, Minnesota is amazing because I go to Minnesota, I say we're going to win this state by a lot.

And I thought we won it last time, actually. I really thought we won it. But it hasn't been won since your friend Richard Nixon won in 1972. Who would think that, right? Minnesota.

Yeah, I never viewed it that way, but it hasn't been won by a Republican since Richard Nixon in 1972, and that's amazing to me. That's really amazing.

That's the one. That's the one the longest because, you know, they had Reagan almost won everything. He almost. But he didn't win -- he didn't win -- let's see. He did not win Minnesota. That's right.

I think we have a very good chance. We have some very interesting plans on the House and we have some -- and the Senate is -- you know, if you listen to people like you, I think the Senate would be looking a little bit stronger than the House in terms of winning. I think we're going to take both. And I'm doing -- I mean, were you surprised by how strong the New York Times poll was?

Well, it's election interference. That's -- it's their form of cheating this time. They always find a way to cheat, and they're cheating with those trials, and they're nothing, those trials. Those trials are absolutely --

Right.

But thank goodness I can speak to you -- thank goodness I can speak to you by telephone, unlike Joe Biden. Would he ever take your call? I don't think so.

You think -- can you imagine him doing an interview --

Like this?

Can you imagine him doing an interview with you like this?

He may never show up to the debate. He may never show up to the debate. I know he accepted the debate. You know, accepted, more or less. He sort of accepted it. But let's see if he shows up. It's all misinformation, disinformation. "Oh, sure. I'd love to debate. I want a debate. I want a debate." And then you can't make a deal with the guy.

Let's see if he shows up to a debate. But I've accepted. I'll go anywhere, any time, any place, and we'll see where it is, you know?

Well, they're both good. And Ric has been really outstanding. I mean, he has been -- he's been something very, very special. And he talks about

Well, and attorney general. I got attorney general wrong. That one, I got wrong. But attorney general is very important, too. Yeah, they're all important. Honestly, every position is important. And we had a lot of great people. Lighthizer did a great job. We had so many great people. But sometimes you get them wrong.

And you know the difference is? I went there. I was not a Washington guy and I -- and people were recommended. And for the most part, we had great people, but we had some people who would never be there again. That I can tell you. I know --

By the way, Cotton is a -- Cotton is a very good man. You're right. More and more people are mentioning his name. More and more people are mentioning his name.

Well, it was a great honor to see that crowd. I mean, it was like -- we expected 40,000, 45,000 and the people just didn't stop because they're looking for hope. It's so bad what's happened to our country. They're looking for hope. They want hope. And we're going to give them more than hope. We're going to give them fact.

We're going to give it -- we're going to give it to them. We're going to bring back our country. And, you know, to use our -- our greatest expression of all time, we're going to make America great again. That's what we're going to do. And thank you very much, Hugh.

So long.