Well, it is important. It's most important to vote, but it is important to have it. And it takes a lot of the risk out of bad weather and other things when you get back to the famous Tuesday, where Republicans like to be. And the Republicans have really stepped up and they are early voting. And I think it's very possible.

I think we're -- we're doing very well in the Senate. I think the House is going to surprise you. I've helped a lot of the House members with calls and endorsements and things. I think the House is going to surprise you greatly. And you're seeing the numbers for president right now. And the numbers are -- I would say, if you took highest expectation and doubled it, that's where we are.

Well, that's true. I mean we've spent a lot -- I took Michael Whatley from North Carolina, which I won twice, and we had no cheating there. And we had a lot of cheating in other places, John, a lot. And I didn't use those people. I took the people that were able to -- we don't need the votes. We need to make sure that the ballots are counted properly and that new ballots aren't added at bad times.

And I took the man that was best at that. I put him in charge. And he's doing a fantastic job, along with Lara.

Right.

She will open the border. It won't even -- like she's pretending it's, you know, closing now. But she forgot to turn off the airplanes. Four hundred thousand people come in by airplane, can you believe it?

That's when people really begin to say, "Hey, this is really bad." Because, you know, for two years, they didn't know about the airplanes. They only found out the airplanes -- they started looking up, and they said, "How come all those planes are flying over us?" The big planes loaded up with migrants.

These people are sick. And, you know, I watched last night that CNN town hall, this woman does not have what it takes. It was a disaster, it was a disaster. I mean, to have her lead us for four years, she's just a vessel for the party. Look, the party is a very vicious party, the Democrat party, It doesn't have a president and it didn't have -- with Biden, it calls all the shots.

They are extraordinarily -- they're very smart, but they are a -- and they're a very corrupt party. And they need people like that. They are perfect people. Those people will do whatever it tells them to do. But their vessels, all they are is vessels. I watched her last night. She could not answer the simplest question. It was amazing actually.

Well, nobody would. I mean, unless they want to lose it. Nobody would. She can't run a country, she can't run anything. But she'll do what the party tells it. Look, the party is vicious but smart, and they ended up with Biden. They didn't want Biden. They wanted Bernie Sanders, they ended up with Biden.

And they tell him what to do. Look, they took the -- they took his presidency away. This has never happened before in our country's history. They went into him. They said, "You had a bad debate. Your numbers are down, and we want you out." And he said no for about 24 hours, and then they threatened him with -- with you know what, and he got out.

And he's -- and he hates her so much because she was, you know, helping because she wanted to be in this position. And then, they went politically correct. So, they took their weakest candidate, which is her. They have, you know, much stronger candidates than her, you know, but they took their weakest candidate, which is her, and they said, "You're going to run."

They didn't have the guts to put their best candidates in because they didn't -- you know, they wanted to be politically correct with her, she was vice president, even though she got no votes. Think of it. Biden got 14 million votes. She got no votes. She was the first one out. She lost. She -- she quit before Iowa.

She never made -- most of them made it to Iowa. She never made it. And they picked her. And I always say they're -- I say they're the threat to democracy. You know, they always do this threat to -- they don't believe it. It's just a soundbite with me. They don't believe that, I'm a threat to -- they're the threat.

They weaponize government. The things they do are horrible. Even the way they took him out of office. They say, "Joe, you're out. We're making a change." He said, "You can't do that." They said, "Yes, we can." And it was Schumer and Pelosi largely in case you have any questions. Crazy Nancy.

Oh, yeah.

I don't think you need a coup. They basically stole the elections. You know, it's almost better. Half the people don't know what a coup means. You know, we think they do. They don't. But they basically just said, "You're out." They stole the election from the president, and he's angry about it. And he knows it.

And it's blown up in his face.

So, I fire a lot of people when they don't do a good job when you fire people or let them know they're no good, like when John fires somebody who's running his stores and he's -- you know, and when they call that person, that person will always say bad things about you. And I fired people in many ways.

I've gone the nice way. You take your time, have lunch, talk about it, fire them. And I fired people like "You're fired, get out." It doesn't matter. When you fire people, they never say well, especially me. Because with most people, when they fire people, nobody cares. You know, they're not going to go -- with me, if I fire somebody, they've got every newspaper in the world talking to them to see if they can get them to say something bad.

John Kelly was a stupid person. He was a stiff. He had no -- no anything. He had very little. He had two things. He was tough but ultimately became a marshmallow. At the end of his time, I fired him. He sat in his office, and he was as weak as anybody I've ever seen. But he was a bully. And bullies are that way.

He was a nasty bully. And I didn't -- I realized I didn't like him, you know, pretty quickly in and was stopping paying attention. But he was a bully who made up stories. And I saw him lying when he was in the administration. I thought it was really amazing. I have so much stuff of the guy, but I don't want to waste a lot of time with that.

But John Kelly was a man of rather low intelligence who was a tough guy who became a marshmallow. At the end, the guy couldn't even talk. The other stuff is -- well, like a guy like Yesper. Yesper was a week. I call him Yesper because he said yes to everything. His real name is Esper. He was a very weak person, weak and ineffective.

He was recommended by a man who I liked, but he gave me a bad recommendation with Yesper, who was like a woke guy. But -- but he was an -- and many of these people don't know me very well. They really don't know me very well. I have guys all the time that go on and they say they're telling about Trump, but I've never even met them, or maybe they were in a room or something with me for a couple of minutes.

Remember this -- and Mattis also was -- was -- you know, he had this reputation of -- first of all, his name was -- his actual nickname was Chaos. And I changed it. I said Mad Dog or whatever --

I changed it because -- I said, "That's a bad name to have the name Chaos." Is that really a name?" "Yeah." He said --

Yes.

Right.

You've had it many times --

Let me just finish.

Mattis -- Mattis was just a guy that wouldn't get it done, and Milley was a total dope. Milley was the one that said leave them all of our equipment in Afghanistan. He told me that. You know, I was getting out of Afghanistan. I was the one that planned it. It was beautiful. But we're going to take the military out last.

They took the military out first. That immediately killed everything. You can't do it. You know I didn't have one soldier killed in Afghanistan for 18 months? There was nothing -- it was -- I dealt with Abdul, the head of the Taliban. And -- but they left all the equipment. And Milley told that to me.

Sir, we should leave the equipment behind. I said, "Why would you do that? You mean you'd leave $150 million brand-new jet fighter behind?" "Yes, sir. It's cheaper." And then, I realized he was an idiot. He was a very stupid guy. And what he did with --

What he did with China, John --

What he did with China, now that's --

I know.

No, what he did -- well, number one, they gave them the base. But what he did worse than giving them the base -- because I was keeping the base, it's called Bagram.

I was keeping it because it was one hour away from where China makes -- no, but he had -- he would talk to China about things. What he -- what he did with China is, you know, very dangerous. Look, Milley was a dummy, and Milley should have been fired after Afghanistan. Milley and the whole group, everybody should have been fired after Afghanistan.

But we are one thing. So, I'm glad John did mention that. When we fire people -- now the one -- the one slight advantage that John has is he's just slightly less famous than me, so people care a little bit less.

And me -- yeah, right. You become famous. That's true. You become famous. You know, it's a good station, too. Let me tell you, people listen to that, people listen to that sucker. I want to tell you they like it --

And you're having a good time?

That's great.

That's great.

You have a face for radio, John? Is that what you're trying to say?

You're doing good.

Go ahead.

If we listen -- if we listen to Harris and Biden -- and Biden has been wrong on this stuff, we don't have to say it. Everybody knows.

For 50 years, everything is -- everything he's ever said is wrong, and he was wrong here. He's wrong -- he's wrong on everything. If you would be genius, if you would have taken Biden's, you know, whatever his policy and gone the exact opposite, you would have been the greatest in history. OK? He's been wrong on everything.

If you have her as your president, we are in for a catastrophe. There's no way -- I know them all. I know all the players, President Xi, Putin, every one of them, Kim Jong Un. If she becomes the president, this country is in real trouble, real trouble. First of all, we'll have a depression, an economic 1929-style depression.

But we'll end up in a -- in a third world war. The woman is incompetent. I watched her last night. She's -- all she could do is talk about Trump. I mean, whenever ask a question, "Well, I think Trump is a dictator." Now, John knows me a long time. I think you could set the audience straight, John. I'm not a dictator.

I'm not a dictator. It's just incredible. This is their new thing. You know, every week, they have a new plan because it hasn't worked. But here's the good news. The numbers are coming in at levels that nobody's ever seen before. I think you agree with that, John.

Exactly -- yeah --

Right. Right.

Yeah, well, that's the right way to go, and we'll have a great country. We're going to have a great four years. And you're going to be happy, and everybody's going to be happy. The other way, John, I'm telling you, we'll be in World War III. We'll be in World War III  devil.

It could happen here, John. It could even happen here. Remember that. So, yeah, it could happen here.

Absolutely. You have great people in both offices. The FBI is great. But your top people, boy, oh, boy, oh, boy, what's happened to the FBI? And then, when you take a look, I mean, incredibly, Border Patrol is great. They gave me an endorsement the other day like you've never seen. "He's the greatest president of our lifetime."

I said, "You couldn't do longer?" But, you know, some are young, I didn't like that. But, no, but they gave me the strongest endorsement. And I never saw this before. While they were endorsing me, they said, "She's the worst ever. You can't allow her to do this." Do you know that in four years, she never called them? Not once, and she was in charge of the border.

She never even called them once. And it's -- look, we're going to have a great border.

We're going to have a great economy. We're going to have a great everything. All we have to do is finish this thing off. We're leading in every state. We're not doing badly in one state. I mean, I think every state we're leading in

Be careful, they'll call you cognitively impaired  get you out of --

Let me -- let me tell you. You are the least cognitively impaired person I think I've ever met.

But anyway, so --

Think of it later. Go ahead.

He's sharp. He's a very sharp guy. Go ahead.

Well, you can't have it. It's not sustainable.

It has to be shut immediately, and you have to let people in but they have to come in legally. And you have to get the killers, the murderers, and the mentally deranged, you have to get them out. And we should throw Jack Smith out with them, the mentally deranged people. Jack Smith should be considered mentally deranged, and he should be thrown out of the country.

Yeah.

Well, the one who called the shot is her because she was in charge of the border. So, she called the shot. And Biden was sleeping at the time. So, I don't know, it's almost hard  president.

That guy is the worst president we've ever had, but you'd really say it starts at the top. Now Mayorkas is ultimately responsible. But the one that really is the one that said, this is the way we want to do. It is going to be Biden and her and Kamala. But she never made one phone call. I was with the Border Patrol when they endorsed me.

They gave me a great endorsement. But I was with them. I said, "Let me ask you, does she ever speak to you? Does she ever call? "No, "Has she called you many times during -- you know,  many times?" They said, "She's never called us once in three and a half years.

Can you believe it?

I love the idea of helping them. I love the idea to help them.

I mean, when you take a look at Laken Riley and the family, when you take -- I could name 50, I know a lot of the people, I've met a lot of the families. I felt they had an obligation to do it. They'd call me -- you know, people call me because they say I'm the president, it's -- it's sort of sad.

They don't want to deal with him. First of all, they don't get called. But when they do, they don't even want to talk to him. They won't even talk to him. And I get to know a lot of families and what they're going through. Their daughters were killed, their sons were killed. The 13 that were killed in Afghanistan should have never happened, should have never happened.

And, you know, it's amazing. I just get to know these people, they call me. So many times, they call me. And I have to take their call because it's, you know, they lost their daughter, they lost their son. It's so sad, it's so tragic what happened. You know these people are coming over in droves, and they're really -- they're murderers.

We got 13,000 murderers. We've got drug dealers at levels that nobody's ever seen. Who would take these? Who would take them." John, Who would take these people? We have terrorists coming in. And they come in, and they don't even examine them. They just let them walk through.

John, it's called an open border. And if they were in, you'd have 200 million people instead of 21 million people --

Yeah.

All the things -- yup.

Yup. And you know what?

Well, listen, in Venezuela they opened up their jails. They took -- and it's, you know, tough, they run it tough, they took all of their street gangs and they dumped them into the United States.

And they're tougher than anybody we have. We don't have gangs that tough. You know that.

Well, it would be help to -- it would be great if we had the proper leadership, which we really don't. If you take a look at, you know, Chicago, the various places, it's incredible. But we're going to help them, and we're going to have to strengthen up the police. The police are great. They're sitting back.

They want to do their job. But if they do their job, they lose their pension, they lose everything, OK? Their house, their pension, their families, they lose everything. We're going to give -- we're going to indemnify the police. We're going to let them do their job because they can do it. They want to do it.

Like Border Patrol wants to do it. Border Patrol is standing there, watching people come in that they're looking at, they can -- they can just smell it that they're horrible criminals. They're coming in, they're criminals. Do you know that Venezuelan crime is down 72 percent because they've -- and the only reason it's not down further is because the ones that they haven't brought out yet.

But they're bringing them all out. They won't have any criminals, every one of them is going to be in this country. It's not conceivable, John. John, in business, we always know what the other side wants. You know, we have to sort of -- it's not conceivable that people would have allowed this to happen to our country.

These are bad people, and that's why she's getting crushed in the voting. Wow, worse than the post.

Yup.

We could talk for a long time.

We could talk, but we have to act.

John, we can talk, but we have to act. This is serious. The people are coming in right now, they're being flown in by airplanes over the top, can you believe that? Four hundred thousand people came in by airplane. They were talking about the border, airplane, we -- we've got to act.

And this is not sustainable for any country.

Yeah. Yeah.

You and I got the Ellis Island medals together, right?

And it was a great thing, and we had a spirit for the country. Today, they don't even talk about things like that. That was a beautiful thing you just mentioned. It was beautiful the way that was done. It was a great honor, and they don't talk about that anymore. Today, they just come in through the border -- and they just come in -- anybody can come into our country.

We're going to get them out, John. We're getting them out. This is not --

Not sustainable. OK, that's good.

Yeah.

Well, it's New York, but it's also sort of -- it's the end of my campaigning, when you think -- I mean, I've done it now for nine years. We've had two great elections, one was better than the other. The second one was much better than the first. We got almost 12 million more votes than we got the first time, which is unheard of.

Nobody -- that never happened for a president before. We needed to do better the second time by that kind of a number. Got more votes than any sitting president in history. But now, this one blows it away. This one is better than the both of them, maybe the both of them put together based on the numbers we're seeing, John.

I think you see that. And, you know, numbers are coming out of Georgia and Michigan. The numbers that are coming out of Michigan and Pennsylvania are incredible.

Whatever it is -- look, you know what I want? I just want the victory. I want to have a victory. We can start stopping people from pouring into our country that are -- you know that like shooting people and killing people and all the other things. It's -- it's insane what we've allowed to happen to our country.

It makes no sense.

Well, I'll see you both on election night.

Yeah. And maybe at Madison Square Garden, if you'd like, but it's going to be great. They sold it out in three hours. But we have -- it's going to be -- it's going to be --

I know. That's right. That's right. We sold more than anybody. Anyway, well, I think it'll be a great time. And it's going to be really a celebration of the whole thing, you know, because it's coming to an end a few days after that, the campaigning, I won't campaign anymore, then I'll be campaigning to make America great.

In other words, then I'll be calling guys like John, and I'll say, "What do you think of this, John? I want to get --" Because John's a great businessman, and John's got great common sense. John can answer 99 percent of these questions better than anybody in government.

And, see, I know the real John. You do, too, probably.

But not like I know him.

Thank you both.

I will. Thanks, John.

Thanks, Rita. Thanks a lot.

Good. Goodbye. Thank you.