Well, the military is not woke. Some of the really foolish leaders on the top are woke. But I took out ISIS, and there was nothing woke about it. I dealt with a general. You could put him and his men in a room and scream woke at them for 10 years, and they'd walk out, and they wouldn't be woke.

Correct.

I'd get rid of them so fast, and I know who they are. They're weak, ineffective people. And they are actually woke. I think they actually believe it. I was told in Washington it would take at least four or five years, and we probably couldn't do it. I did it in four weeks.

Go ahead.

Right.

So, first of all, she's a disaster. If she becomes president, I think Israel's going to be wiped off the face of the earth very quickly. I think things are going to happen at a level that we've never seen before.

Her friend is the head of the ABC, I think, news division or whatever, her best friend. His best friend is her husband. They met through these people. And, oh, I have absolutely no idea, because those answers -- not good memory, but those answers were sort of semi-memorized. In fact, on occasion, she'd get out of kilter, and she'd give the wrong answer to the wrong question.

That's -- that's what we've got. No, but even worse than that -- and that's bad, you know, that's bad. But they would interrupt me every time. And I said, "What's going on here?" And I had a choice during the debate, I was going to say like -- I was going to hit them hard, but I wanted to be elegant.

I wanted to say, "Let's try and forget about it," because I know if I hit them, they'll say, "Oh, he played into their hands." They always like to say that. If I fight for myself, for instance, if they say something negative, and I try and correct them -- just quickly, I don't want to waste a lot of time on it, because usually it's nonsense, they say, "Oh, he played right into it." I didn't play into anybody's hands.

Go ahead.

Yes. Well, sometimes you -- am I capable? If it's doable.

Competence.

But real competence. Real, real competence, not just, "He's sort of a competent person." But no, real competence.

Yes.

Right.

Right.

Yeah.

Well, she's a very competent person and a very smart person. And she's a great athlete, she's a great golfer. She's actually a great golfer, not just like, oh --

I hope not. No, I actually hope so. I want her to be much better than me, if that's doable. You know, the man has an advantage, even though some would like to say, men playing in women's sports. But she's really good and highly competitive. I thought it was very cute when she said that. No, but I'm not --

I want to -- I want to try to beat her, always want to try and beat her. And I think that's the best thing I can do for her, because she's a competitive --

Yeah. I saw a movie years ago, "Mommy Dearest." Now, I don't want to be that, you understand that, where the mother was ruthless in the way -- now, I don't know, it was about an actress from Hollywood, you know the whole story, I think. It was sort of a great movie. But it was where the mother was just ruthless in defeating the daughter.

She wanted to defeat her, she wanted to bury her, she wanted to just -- and no, it's not that. But you want to be competitive, and you want to have fun. Now, sometimes, somebody can't be competitive.

Well, I think it is rare, and, you know, you have so many phonies, you have so many people, you say, "What are they doing? Why would they be doing that?" And they don't believe what they're doing in the first place. But it's interesting because you mentioned policy. So, a lot of people have said, "We love his policy, but we don't like him."

I actually think I'm a nice guy. I actually have good relationships with people when they get to know me. But one of the things is that I'm time-constrained. I can't take a lot of time in some of the niceties because I'm trying to do a job, whatever it may be. But there's a certain senator who you wouldn't like because he tends to be -- he's a Republican, but he tends to be somewhat liberal, but he's a good man.

He is generally right about a lot of things, but he tends to be very -- a little bit on the liberal side for where he is, OK? He said, "Wait a minute, you don't understand about the policy. Trump policy doesn't work if Trump's not doing it." And he gives the example of, I have a policy, and then I call up the leader of a country, and I force the policy down their throat.

Most people can't do that, they can't force policy down. When France put a tax on our country, and they wouldn't, under any circumstance, they wouldn't -- for Mnuchin, for all of these smart guys you have working for you, they wouldn't do anything about it. I called him and I said, "Oh, you're going to do it, 100 percent, you're going to do it."

No, no, I cannot do it. To Macron, nice guy. You know, he's a wise guy, and he likes France, but he's a nice guy. I said, "No, no, you're going to do it." "But it was approved already by our," the equivalent of the legislature, "by our parliament, but it was approved already." I said, "It doesn't matter if it was approved, you're going to do it."

I said, "If you don't do it, I'm going to charge you a 100 percent tariff on every wine and every bottle of champagne that you send into our country." And I don't want to take a lot of time, but he essentially said, "I would be really very much inclined." I said, "Don't be inclined. Are you going to take the tax off or not?" He said, "I will take the tax off immediately."

So, they all had my policy. Nobody was able to get it done, but I got it done. So, it's not just policy.

Yes, you go ahead.

Sure.

Sure.

Well, that's very differently explained than anybody I've heard, and it's very true. And what you are saying is -- and I watched some of these very weak-kneed people just cower at the thought of being called a racist. They call everybody a racist. You always know that's their final. When you're winning, that means they start calling you racist.

Great word.

Great word, you have to say.

It's not strong enough, though.

It was a great word. No, it was a great word. It's not strong enough.

They're corrupt.

Correct.

But I've seen people, when they're called racist, strong politicians, strong men, generally.

They cower, they, oh, they -- they -- they are so afraid of being called racist that they'll do anything for the other side. And I think that's a little bit what you're saying.

But what I say is a little bit different and maybe a little bit earlier in the process. We have enemies outside, but we also have the enemy from within. And I say, and I've said it for a long time, and I took hundreds of billions out of China and we got along, we got along fine. Other than COVID, we are right.

That was a bridge too far as far as I was concerned. But I took hundreds of billions of dollars from China. We got along great. I made a trade deal with China. I don't even talk about it. It was one of the greatest deals ever made economically, $50 billion a year in purchasing of our product. Nobody talks about it.

And that's OK, because once COVID came, I don't talk about anything having to do with it. It was really a bridge too far. But we have the outside enemy, and we have the enemy from within. And I say that the enemy from within is far more dangerous than the outside enemy. Because if you have a capable president, I'll always be able to get along with Russia, China, with Kim Jong Un.

Go ahead.

Go ahead.

No, you are, and I love that, because a lot of people aren't, and you go off in -- you don't let anybody go off on a tangent.

And I will not let you go off on a tangent, but you go ahead.

You go ahead.

The enemy from within.

I've given a lot of great names, I think so.

Right. I'm not totally satisfied with comrade because a lot of people don't quite understand what it means. She is a Marxist, she's a communist, she's a fascist, and she's not very smart. And these are bad things. And by the way, if she ever won, my life won't be so great in this country. But I don't care, I don't care. We have to explain who this woman --

We have to explain who this woman is.

This woman is a disaster.

It's true.

Bad movement.

No.

It's actually stupidism. Because when you think about it --

What they're doing is so stupid. The open border, who wants an open border where tens of millions of people have come in here from other countries' jails?

I've usually put some moniker on -- on opponents if I can, like Pocahontas was a good name because she said she was an Indian and she wasn't. So, I apologize to the real Pocahontas. They demanded I apologize to Pocahontas, so I did to the real Pocahontas. But -- but there are great names. And a lot of them I can't mention because they're Republicans who I did during my little trials and tribulations in the primaries.

Well, do you like comrade?

It's not bad.

Yeah, it's pretty accurate. I think it's pretty accurate.

Well, comrade, it means she's into that whole sect.

That's right.

Yeah, but I don't think she is the head. That's the interesting thing.

I don't think she is the head, there are other people behind her that are telling her what to do.

And by the way, she shouldn't be allowed to run. She got no votes. This was a coup. This was just like a nice, hard South American coup, but there was no blood --

Yeah.

You know it better than anybody, and it's very interesting because of your writings. And I read your things. And I don't know that much about you. As soon as I read your first statement about me, I said, "This guy's got it figured." So many people don't understand what they did. And the problem we have, we have a lot of weak people in the Republican Party.

They're not willing to play the game with the same level of ferocity that the Democrats play the game. Adam "Shifty" Schiff is a truly bad guy. He's a crooked guy. The Russia, Russia --

We're in a war.

Some. And some -- some love me.

And they still do.

Well, we can't help it. Mitt Romney is Mitt Romney. He's a bad guy. They're weak.

Well, I'm always saying that. The Republicans don't stick together like they -- now, I tell you what, on impeachment hoaxes, they stuck together, they were great to me. I actually had a unanimous in the House, which is unheard of, and outside of Romney, who actually only voted half, half a vote, if you can believe it.

But I had unanimous in the Senate. They stuck together for that, that was a very important thing because it was a hoax. They're all hoaxes. Everything's a hoax. Russia, Russia, Russia was a hoax. They do that, and what they do is they distract you from doing things to our country that are great, as I say, make America great again, because you're fighting.

But the Republicans -- and I'm not talking about for me, just if you look over the last 50 years, the Republicans don't stick the way the Democrats do. The Democrats are willing to go for really horrible policy. I think generally speaking, their policy is horrible. Nancy Pelosi is a horrible human being.

I know her very well. She's a sick, horrible person, but she gets people to stick together. You know, she gets them to stick together for bad things. These are bad people, what they do to our country, these are very bad people. And I can name a lot of them on the other side. The Republicans have to get tougher.

For instance, they cheat like hell on elections. We have a thing called the SAVE Act. It's not the end-all, but it makes it a little bit tougher. They just approved something where the SAVE Act comes up after the election. I said, "Wait a minute, you just read about it yesterday." They approved and they extended it.

They did a continuing resolution, of course, because they always do. They just go on and on. And we have a thing attached to the continuing resolution called the SAVE Act. It has to do with elections which are taking place right now. They approve and do the continuing resolution where the SAVE Act is going to be approved probably but sometime after the election.

What the hell good does that do us? So, it's so disappointing, they don't fight like they should fight. Their policies -- actually, the Republican policies are good. You're a very smart man, I know for a fact that you're a very rich man. Why the hell do you do this?

Same reason I do it.

Yeah.

Are you a golfer?

Do you play well?

Well, will you play golf with me at the appropriate time?

Because you don't want to be shot at. I think I'll lose a lot of golf games. You know, yo be honest with you, I'm noticing people, well -- you know, people that love playing golf with me, they're saying, "Gee, I'd love to, but I'm not feeling so well today." Now, I always say, golf is a very dangerous game, and I've proven that, right?

I think it is. And I tell you, I think they did a great job on the second situation, I really do. To have somebody pick up the barrel of a gun was pretty good. You know, somebody else is walking down the fairway looking at the weather, "OK, isn't it a beautiful day?" And this guy took out his gun, and he started shooting.

And that guy ran, and then he was caught. But it's very heavy. Well, you're going to see that today because you're coming with me to North Carolina.

You're going to see more machine guns on the tops of buildings than you've ever seen before.

Yeah, I'm very -- I'm very happy with it, I'm very happy with it.

Thank you very much.

That's a different kind of an interview, but this guy -- I'm not going to argue with this guy because he's one smart cookie.

Good. Let's go have some fun, OK?