Oh, that sounds OK.

The quarterback is a great story, right?

He's like the last drafted, and he -- they put him in and he just moved the team. He's --

Really good.

You never know, right?

Then you take the best player that anyone's ever seen out of college, and he turns out to be not so good. But no, the -- the St. Louis quarterback -- the San Francisco quarterback, I found to be very, very interesting, how he's been so good, and he was -- just about the last draft pick.

He was Mr. -- that's --

He's not irrelevant anymore. He's --

Watch it?

These are nice. Let me -- I haven't seen one of these.

Yeah. That's pretty cool.

Yeah. That's OK.

That was -- you know who that was, right? Maria.

She's great. Good -- good person.

Yeah.

No, I know that he was -- I think Mr. -- but not anymore. He's not irrelevant any longer, but he's just a great quarterback. And it shows you there's a little luck in sports. And actually, he wouldn't have played except that everybody got hurt in front of him.

And then they put him in and he moved the ball, right? And that was the end of that. That's happened before. It happened with Tom Brady.

Oh, that's so great.

He's done a great job, though.

Yeah. And they're leading now, right?

That's great.

So, are you on live now, in addition to everything else, because, you know, congratulations. Your show -- my son is saying, "Dad, you got to do those guys. Those guys are great." You know, I have a son who's 6'9".

How tall are?

He's like everybody. I say, "How tall are you? I'm just curious." No, he's -- he's tall and he's a good boy. He's a good student, very good student.

There's nobody like him.

You know, I just -- I can't -- I just -- you always say that everybody is replaceable, right? I don't think anybody could do what he does. He's done that and, you know, built billions of dollars of value just because -- but there's nobody that can -- there's nobody like this guy. He's just a fantastic person.

And he's so loyal, and I've known him a long time. I've known him a long time, and he's never changed. He's just an incredible guy. And he really understands that business. But I think he could probably do something else. Although, his enthusiasm is so -- I mean, he's going to a fight. It's like the first fight he's ever gone to. He's so enthusiastic.

He's -- he's just -- he's really -- and he's -- he's called high quality, right? There aren't too many around. He's high quality.

Yeah.

Yeah.

Yeah.

He -- they had a hard time, and the Fertittas are great people. They had a hard time at the beginning because nobody would allow it because they thought it was so dangerous. And somehow I met Dana. I don't know. He called me and he wanted -- I had -- I have a great site. I have a site that was fantastic, actually.

And I said, let's -- I didn't know much about it, and I said, "Let's see what it's all about." And I'm telling you, they were the most brutal fights I've ever seen. And I said, "You know, they may be right. It might be too dangerous."

But they were unbelievable fights. And I stayed right till the end. I thought I'd go in for 15 minutes and watch and just pay my respects. Good luck. Have a good time. The place sold out in two seconds. And I ended up doing, you know, numerous with him. I did like five or six of them. And then they got it going, and then it became just amazing.

And then they got, you know, the ESPN deal, which I assume was a great deal. That was a great deal. And -- but the job he does -- but at the beginning, they had -- I guess they had a hard time getting an arena. Nobody would take it because of the danger factor. And it has to be dangerous. But interestingly, they've never lost anybody in terms of death.

And yet, in boxing, you have quite a bit of it. And I asked Dana why is that? I guess it's a little bit different in that sense. You know, it's not all to the head. But they've never lost anybody. Nobody died in the UFC, which is shocking because when you look at some of it, right?

When you look at it --

You'd say they have to -- like one a night should, you know, probably will no longer be with us, right? But it's pretty good. But they really -- they -- you know, they -- they make it as safe as they can make it, but it is really something. It's great to watch. And we do the walk-on sometimes, you know, where we walk into the arena together, and it's crazy. That place goes -- those places go crazy.

Yeah, it does.

It's pretty good. It's pretty good. Now, he's a -- and I know he's a -- he's a friend of yours, but he's very much into the -- he's like a young person. He's so into this world. You know, you're into a world that's much different. I'm into the old world of like television, etc., etc. And you get views.

I looked at your numbers, congratulations. That's a great success.

You've done a fantastic job.

But you're like a young person. You know, it's like this is young person's television.

I heard it was good. Tell me about it. It did very well?

I heard it was really --

Is that -- that's -- that's a lot.

I did. He was very -- every one of the guys. You know, they're young guys and they're very different, in some cases. And I said, "What about these guys?" Great athletes. They said professional football players at one point and great athletes, which I like. I respect that. I respect great athletes a lot.

There's a reason you're great. Not only -- it's not only the muscle, right?

We know that. So, congratulations.

Yeah.

No.

Oh.

Well --

I've heard great. No, I've heard great. I have -- I have heard great.

No, it's just -- so it started off -- and -- and it may be a little bit to do with all of my sons. You know, they're young and two are less young, but I have one that's very young. And this is a young world. You're in a young world, right? And I've done a few of them, and they've done well. I did one with Elon.

You know, Elon and I did one. They call it -- I don't know. They have some special names, but I did -- did you know I did a one on one with Elon Musk, right?

It was on X, and it was unbelievable, actually. I think he had 715 million people, with billions of hits. It was a crazy -- it was just a -- I don't know if it could be done again. But we did it. It was just him and I talking. We went for about 2.5 hours. And it got, you know, world-record stuff. I did one with Tucker.

We did fantastically. We did one -- I think he had -- that night, he had 281 million. We did it the night of a debate. We had a debate, Republican Party debate, and I didn't want to do it. I said, "I'm not going to do it. I'm leading these guys by 70 points and 60 points. Why should I debate?" I'm not a stupid person.

Why -- why would I debate, you know, six or seven guys that aren't stupid? They're not -- they're professional politicians, for the most part. And why would I stand there and do that if I have a 70-point lead? And so, I did something with Tucker that same night. Went against the debate, and he had almost 300 million people, Tucker Carlson.

Good guy. And so -- but this is a new world. It's a -- it's a -- it's changing, you know.

It changes very fast.

Yeah.

Yeah.

We have great support. That's great. I mean, he feels that this is the most important election ever. He thinks the other side is bad, bad people. Probably feels, in many ways, they're not competent, but he also feels that, you know, it's for democracy, etc., etc. And he feels very strongly. I mean, I'm not sure.

I've heard and he said -- I've heard him before I knew him that he said he voted for Biden. I'm not sure that that's so -- you know. I just find it hard to believe it.

But he's an incredible guy. He's a brilliant guy. We -- we had something the other night in Butler, Pennsylvania. You probably heard about it. We had 101,000 people show up. And Elon was there, and he got up and he gave a great speech. And he's got a lot of things going. He's got rockets. He's got cars.

He's got the whole thing. He's got everything. He's got Starlink, which was very helpful. You know, in North Carolina, the -- Biden really -- I mean, Biden and Kamala -- if you can believe Kamala. How about the thing with CBS? OK, tell me. You heard about CBS where they changed her answer and everything. Did you hear about that?

Yeah. It's the biggest scandal in broadcast. I've never heard -- she did a very bad interview with them. It was taped and going live. But it was essentially taped like if you tape a show and you put it on that night or the next day. And she gave some really stupid answers. And what they did is they cut those answers out and they put other answers in.

And I think it's really -- I think it's a very bad act, probably a criminal act, but it's certainly election interference and license-threatening. You know, they have licenses. And I just think it's one of the worst things I've heard. Think of it. She's on things -- it's a news organization, too. And I think "60 Minutes" is under the news umbrella.

And they do an interview and she gives a bad answer, and they give her -- they take it out entirely. It's not like they did a little. I mean, they took the whole thing out and they put another answer from another question in there, which didn't make sense either. I mean, it was -- that was a lousy answer also. But nobody's ever heard of something like that.

Yeah.

I like doing stuff like this. You know, I like it. I like conversation. I don't seem to get myself in much trouble. When she does it -- every time she does it, they say she's stupid. She's stupid. I mean, this is a -- they tried to get away with her not doing it, which is always a bad sign, frankly. And -- well, they did it with Biden.

They kept him in a basement, but they were able to do that because of COVID. You know, they could say, "Oh, he wanted to protect." And then when I debated him -- we had a debate that -- did you watch the debate with Biden?

Did you think he did well?

Yeah. So, anyway. So, he -- they forced him out. It was like a coup. And then this is like Dana would have a fighter and the fighter is getting -- you know, doing badly, and they say, "Let's take him out and put a new one in." And this never happened before. So, they got him out and they put this one in, and she was No.

13 on line because she failed already. She -- she had -- you know, she tried to get the nomination and she failed. There were 22 people and she came in last. She never made it to Iowa. And now, all of a sudden, I'm -- this can only happen to me, fellas. I have one. I spent $150 million to beat him, and I was leading by a lot.

And then they take him out and they give me another one. That's never happened before. It's like a palace coup. And he doesn't like her. He hates her. I think he hates her as much as he hates me.

Yeah. I think Biden hates me. I'd say he hates me a lot. But I think he hates her maybe as much or more than he hates me. Is that possible? I don't know. Hard to believe, right? He can't stand her.

Well, I don't know. They were politically correct. They wanted to do it that way. They were afraid not to do it that way. They were catering to maybe something other than competence, and -- and maybe they were -- they just wanted to do it. They wanted to be politically correct and they did it. And then they said she'd have a six-week honeymoon period, and that's what turned out.

I mean, they -- they had a little bit of a honeymoon period. And now, she's falling badly because she's been doing interviews. She's falling because she's doing interviews and the interviews have not been good. They have not been good. So, we'll see what happens. But we're leading in all of the swing states right now.

We're leading pretty good in all of the swing states. And we'll see. I think it's going to be a very successful campaign, I hope.

In some ways, you don't want to think of it, right?

You know, you just don't -- I -- I don't want to really even think about it. I don't -- I just do -- I go from day to day. I do what I have to do. I work hard. I'm a hard worker, always been. So, I've gone like 36 days in a row with no rest. And I have -- what do we have, 23, 24 days left, right? And I don't intend to take like a day off or two days off.

You're running for the president. This is like you're running for the Super Bowl times 10, right? And you're sort of all by yourself, but you have some good people, you have some very professional people sitting over there. And I -- I just feel -- a lot of people say, "Oh, sir, you should take a couple of days off."

I can't take days off. I want to be in Wisconsin or I want to be in Michigan. Today, I was in Michigan. I did the Economic Club of Detroit -- Detroit Economic Club, and it was -- it was great. How to bring back the automobile business, which has been stolen from the country, and we can do it. We're going to do it easily.

We're going to have a lot of automobile business, factories opened, and plants. We're going to open up a lot of them. So, I don't know. I find it very interesting, but it's an all-out run. It's an all -- you would say it's an all-out sprint. And it is. It's an all-out sprint. We're sprinting to the finish line, and we're almost there.

But we did great. In 2020, we did great, and it was a bad -- a bad thing. Look, we had the COVID all over the place, and even people, officials were afraid to come. They didn't want to catch COVID. You know, the whole thing was crazy. But I think -- I think -- this time, I think we're actually doing better than we did in 2020.

Yeah. I -- I think the biggest thing is I got to know a lot of people. You know, so I was elected. If you look at presidents over the United States, over the history of our country, 92 percent have been politicians and 8 percent have been generals. So, I was told, "Well, you got to be a general. You got to be a politician."

You know, it makes sense, I guess. But I said, "But I'm not a general. I'm not a politician." So, I won. And I went to No. 1. You know, when I announced -- because I was very well known as a business guy and people knew me. I did -- I've done a great job in business, did a lot of great jobs, a lot of great deals, and made a lot of money, but I was known as a business guy.

And I was known for "The Apprentice." You know I did a show called "The Apprentice --"

Which was a very successful show. And I had a lot of bestsellers. Some real big No. 1 bestsellers, "The Art of the Deal" and others. So, I was known. And -- but I went -- and as soon as I ran, I went to No. 1 in the Republican thing and did that and won. And then I went against a woman known as crooked Hillary.

And -- and she is one crooked -- but -- and, you know, she was a professional, married to a president, popular president, a good president. And then, you know I ran, and the COVID made things tougher because it was, you know, much tougher. But I did -- I did phenomenally. Otherwise, I wouldn't have run this time.

So, I've won three Republican nominations in a row. And now, we have this final thing. And I think if it happens, it'll be the biggest victory in the history of the country. You know, I mean, it's a big thing because I think the country has to have it. We've gone through four years of hardship. And -- and, you know, they were asking me, fellas, "What's the biggest problem?" I -- I really -- you know, they say inflation and they say the economy and all that.

I really think that in terms of the voters -- inflation is a very big deal. But in terms of the voters, I think the biggest thing is the border. In terms of the election, I think it's the most important thing. I think women don't want to have migrant killers running around their backyard, you know. It's -- it's pretty simple to me.

Yup.

Yeah.

Two things, trade because I saw, as a businessman -- I think I'm a natural -- very natural businessman like you guys are natural athletes. You're always the best at your sport and you did well. I mean, in high school, you guys were dominant, right?

And even in college, you were dominant.

There was nobody --

No, you take -- you take a player at your level, in high school, you're in a different level. You know, you're just much better. You're much, much better, OK? You could run right through that line, guys wouldn't even -- right? I mean, like --

Yeah. No, I -- I understand. I know how it works. And then it gets tougher and tougher as you go up, right?

Then all of a sudden, they get bigger and faster and you say, "This isn't as easy."

Let me go back to high school.

But no, you were always dominant in what you did. And I was a good businessman. And I'm an athlete, too. I was always good at sports. I was always really good, good golfer, good baseball player, good -- I mean, I loved sports. I always loved sports. And it's sort of a microcosm of life, OK? It's -- you know, the great athletes have something very special.

And it's true like that in life, you know. You have people -- some people win, some people don't win. It's very interesting. But I always looked at sports as a microcosm. And the nice part, it's fast. You know, you win or you lose.

With other things, like what I do, it takes years to determine if somebody a winner or not, and it takes a long time. With sports, you win the game or you don't. And it's -- it's very interesting. But -- but I really have always equated it very much with life, what you do, what you do as an athlete, very much.

And maybe it's why you're so successful, actually. People see it. And then you have people that like watching athletes on television --

Because I do. I do.

Yeah.

Yeah, the weave.

OK. So --

Two things. I think trade and I think the border. The border was real bad, but nothing like this. The border was -- by the way, the border was like 10 percent of this and nothing like this. There has never been a border in -- in history -- in the history of our country, there's never been a border like this.

And trade because I saw China and I saw other countries just ripping us off so badly. We have these massive deficits. We're not going to have them that long because I'm going to -- I'm going to turn it around. We're going to turn it around. They've taken advantage of us. And oftentimes, it's our friends that took the biggest advantage, which is true in life, too.

But I would say those two things. I -- I would look at the trade and I'd see these deals that were so bad. And it actually started a long time ago with Japan. You know, Japan -- before you guys were born, Japan was brutal to us in trade, and then they had a little explosion, and they went away. They had a very -- you know, they had a real problem economically.

And all of a sudden, they were gone. And then other countries came in, but China came in -- in a big way and, you know, to this day. And I had them pay billions of dollars in taxes and tariffs. They call them tariffs. And we did a good job. We had the greatest economy in history. We had the greatest -- we -- we had the greatest job numbers in history.

You know, we had the most jobs. And whether you were a high school student that didn't graduate, no diploma, or you went to MIT, Harvard, the Wharton School of Finance, Stanford, no matter what school you went to and no matter what degree you -- you did well, including if you didn't have a degree, if you were a woman, if you were a man, if you were Black or Asian or Hispanic, everybody -- every single group was doing better than they had ever done.

And so, I think we're going to do it again. But I think -- again, as I say, I -- I really believe it's going to be the most important election in the history of the country. This will be the most important election because we're a failing nation. We're a nation that's in decline. It's a very serious decline.

And it's got to be fixed. And if it's not fixed, we're not going to have this country any longer.

Yeah.

So, I was a very good baseball player, actually, in high school. I --

First base and sometimes catcher, but basically first place -- first base. I was good -- good fielder, good hitter. And don't forget, it wasn't like your stuff. You know, it was high school, but we played very good teams. We had a lot of good -- very good players, and we did well. I was -- you know, it's very interesting.

Anything with a ball and it's hand-eye, right? If you told me gymnastics, we had a class, I was the worst. I was the worst. You know, it's funny. I had friends that were great. And yet, if you threw a ball, it would hit them in the face. You say here. They couldn't catch a ball, but they could do circles -- no, it was the craziest thing. Do you understand?

Well, I see it even in golf. I'll -- I'll play with somebody that's a star athlete, like great, even some of them with the ball-eye-hand-type coordination, and they won't be good golfers at all. And they never will be. They will never be.

You have a good practice swing.

You know, you can't go more than an inch.

Yeah.

If you go more than an inch -- you're very tall, but if you go more than an inch, it's too tough to control, believe it or not. You can go an inch, but you don't want to go much more than that. It's interesting. But -- do you hit a long ball?

Yeah. It's funny, though, but I meet people that are unbelievable athletes, but they can't play golf. I mean, baseball players that can hit a 100 -- 100 mile-an-hour fastball, but they can't hit a golf ball that's sitting on the grass, all teed up, and ready to go. It's funny.

I did. I did.

No, not close. The owner who got it is a very good man. I think he's done a great job. Well, he made a great pick. He picked a great quarterback, right?

Josh. But no, I -- I bid $1 billion and I put up a letter of credit, and I thought I might get it because it was in Buffalo, which was having some troubles in terms of a place. And he bid 1.4 billion or 1.45 billion. So, it was $400 million more. It wasn't -- I don't think it was a very serious room, but I gave him a -- you know, I gave him a guarantee of $1 billion, so that's always serious.

And he paid 1.4 billion. And he was in the oil business, and he's got a daughter who's a great tennis player. You know, it's very unusual that that happens. He owns a team, but his daughter is a top three or four or five tennis player. She went to the finals of the last major, whatever that major was.

I watched so many majors. But -- and he's a very nice guy. I think he's terrific. I think he's done a great job with that team. He drafted a quarterback who was going to be the No. 1 draft pick. And then he said things on the internet that weren't good. You understand that. And he said -- and they passed him.

I don't know what he got drafted maybe, No. 8 or 9 or something.

What do you think? Do you have a fact-checker over there? What was --

What was Josh --

Was he No. 8 or 9 or something like that? And --

Seven.

So, there are six teams that are saying -- you know, they fired their scouting system, right? But he's a great -- do you rate him as a great quarterback?

He's done great. He's an exciting quarterback, too. But he's a -- he's a great one. And so, he was going to be No. 1, and then they found things that they didn't like, and people passed on him for that. And then so No. 7 was the Bills. It was -- pretty sure it's No. 7, right? And No. 7 was the Bills, and he picked him, and they took him around on an apology tour for a day.

And he ends up with one of the best quarterbacks, which was pretty good.

You know. The funny thing is you never know how a quarterback's going to turn out, though, because you see people that have a zero chance of failure and they don't do well. And then you see like as we're talking about with San Francisco, right?

Was he very good in college? Was he --

Yes.

Good but not --

Yeah.

The all-time great, and that was the great Lou Gehrig, right? You know, he had -- was it Wally Pipp? Wally Pipp?

Wally Pipp, right? So, Wally Pipp, it's a long time ago. It's a long time since I've told this story. But Wally Pipp was a very good first baseman. He batted like 280, great fielder. And one day, he wasn't feeling well, he said, "Coach, I just don't feel well. I'm not feeling well. I won't be able to make it today, coach."

The coach looks over at the bench, takes an 18-year-old kid who -- who actually came out of college. He went to Columbia. Takes an 18-year-old kid who's sitting there, and he said, "Lou, take over first base." And "OK, coach." He goes out and he got, like, first game, two home runs, a single and a double or something.

The next game, he -- you know, just he'd rip the hell out of it for three or four games.

He had like five or six home runs. The coach said, "Well, I've never seen anything like this." Anyway, Wally he gets better. He said, "Coach, I'm ready."

He looked at him and he said, "I'm sorry, Wally." You know what Wally said? "I thought you'd say that"

He understood. Yeah, I mean, you know, it was Lou Gehrig. But who knew, right? But it was Lou Gehrig, who was just a young guy out of college. He didn't -- I don't think he played in the minor leagues. He came out of college. It was a little different. That was a long time ago. But I always say to people that like people that give up their position for a day or two to somebody else because they have to be at a wedding or they have to be somewhere, I say, "Remember the story of Wally Pipp."

Yeah.

You never know what's going to happen. Now, the ultimate example of that was didn't he play like 2,900? He played the most games ever or something.

And, you know, he was -- and then he got -- then he got sick, very sick.

Yeah, that's right.

Yeah.

Yeah.

I -- I really don't find too much time to rest. Look, the way I look at it is that -- and -- and you have two opinions on this. Some people -- she rests. Kamala rests. In fact, she's almost resting all the time. She does very little. She takes, you know, days off. And I'm not knocking that. You know, that's another I guess --

Really? No, I'm not eight hours.

I'm less than eight hours. But -- but you can't -- you know, you got, what do we have, 23 days. But I've been going for like a lot. You know, I've been -- I haven't -- I don't know what it is, but 30-something days. And I don't intend -- I was telling the guys. I said, "You guys are ready because we're going to -- this is a sprint."

And it's amazing because you start off at four years, and then you have to run and you have to go through primaries and stuff and you have to get that. And it's a big deal. I've gotten three in a row, right? That's never been done before. You know, three primaries in a row, that's never been done before by anybody but FDR, right, I guess.

FDR did the four-time thing, but that was before they had the -- the cap.

Instagram.

Yeah, I know.

Yeah.

Do you like Instagram?

Yeah. Yeah.

Oh, there's a lot.

I had -- when I -- when I first saw I was president and I got to be president, I had a lot -- I -- I started with Twitter and then I sort of liked it. I didn't even do it. I sort of dictated it, you know. And I said to the guy like how do you do this, and he showed me, and I sort of liked it. I liked the little whole thing.

And I got sort of good at it. And I -- I put it out. And all of a sudden, I had like 190 million people. And then on Facebook, I did even better. And then I was on Instagram, too, and, you know -- and I was -- I had hundreds of millions of people. And Mark Zuckerberg came to the White House, who I like much better now.

He's -- I actually believe he's staying out of the election, which is, you know, nice. But -- but he called me up after I was shot, and he said, "That was so brave," which was nice. I didn't feel it was brave. I felt like, you know, I just wanted to get off the ground. I didn't like it. I knew I was shot in the ear.

A lot of the Secret Service didn't think so. They thought I was shot all over because there was blood all over the place. The ear bleeds more. Did you ever get a cut in the ear because it bleeds?

It doesn't stop, and I will tell you from personal experience. And I do -- I have respect for Elon a lot because Elon -- and -- and by the way, he's another one that respects Dana White a lot. He respects him a lot. But Elon is a different kind of a guy. What he did is he bought something that was run by the radical left lunatics, and he opened it up.

You know, he made it -- he made it for people not necessarily conservative. He opened it up. He made it fair because I'll tell you, it wasn't fair. When -- when we were there, they -- they didn't even want conservative -- a conservative voice on. I don't know if you guys -- how you feel about that. I don't know your politics too well.

I know your sports better than your politics.

Yeah.

It's free, you know. And he did that, and it's like, you know, what he did is a great -- I don't know how it works out financially for him, but he's rich and he can do what he wants to do. But he opened it up. And, you know, that's such an important thing that he did. You got to hand it to him. He's really an incredible -- he's like this incredible guy.

He said today that -- he's actually campaigning for me in Pennsylvania.

Well, how are they doing so far?

Well you know -- you know I love Nebraska. Great people. I won the state by, I don't know, like 20 points, a lot. You had a great football coach for many years who was a silent person, very unusual, right? You know who I'm talking about.

Yeah. So, Tom Osborne was a great coach, and he was a silent coach, a total -- is he still living?

Boy, I'll tell you, that guy was a good coach for years and never -- not a rah-rah coach at all, just a total professional coach. I wonder what he was like in real life because, you know, it seems so unusual, right?

But they would just be brutal. And they had a good -- and then all of a sudden, they went back -- you know, they just -- when he wasn't there, they didn't do so well. But now, they've gotten -- you know, they've gotten better.

Well, it's always going to be decent, right?

But -- because it's  it's a football -- it's a football --

Where did you guys play in -- in college?

At Nebraska?

Oh, that's good. So, you're --

Wow.

What position did you play?

Wow. That's good. So, how much heavier were you then?

No kidding.

Man, that's --

Why? You decided you wanted to live?

You decided you wanted to live, right?

You don't it that often where -- because I know a lot of linemen. I know a lot of -- lot of players. I know a lot --

And what position did you play?

That's good. But he was good, right?

So, you would say that Lawrence was the best?

Yeah, Ray Lewis was great.

Green Bay -- Green Bay had some great ones, right?

I think it's terrible.

I think it's terrible. What are they doing? Now, college hasn't done that, right?

And do you think they will do it?

You think they'll do it?

Do you like it?

I think the one foot is a good idea.

You know what, it's too complicated, the two feet. I mean, if you didn't have slow motion, you know, replay where you see everything perfectly -- I mean --

It's amazing. In the old days, they didn't have that. Guys were -- they had two feet out and they were called. It's sort of great to be able to do that. But -- but one foot is so much -- it's so, so much simpler, unless you have cameras, in which case, it doesn't matter that much.

I like the one foot much better. What do they have, I have one foot in college, right?

So, let me ask you, do you -- so I haven't been -- I've been sort of busy, I haven't been able to watch too much football, in all fairness. And if I did, I'd be -- you know, it would be a dereliction of duty. Do you understand?

I'm supposed to be running, I can't watch too much football. But I just saw it the other day, and I was amazed by it. To me, it's ugly. It's actually ugly. It's not football. Do you like it or do you like it?

Well, they're saying it's --

They're saying it's dangerous because the hitting is pretty fierce when you're running that far, right? You're running into --

Yeah, but somehow it's -- you know, it's supposed to be football. And I played football, too. I didn't particularly like it.

No, I didn't like it. I played tight -- tight end.

And I didn't like it.

I could catch the ball good, but I didn't particularly like having some guy that was lifting weights all day long and came from a bad neighborhood.

And he sees me, and they were tackling hard. I -- you know -- and I had a quarterback without much of an arm --

To throw the ball. It wasn't like -- but this wasn't high-quality football. But I -- I didn't like it too much. I love baseball.

Yeah.

I was. And my father loved -- my mother loved -- we -- they had a great marriage. They were married for many years. That's where he beat me. He beat me on that.

I said, "Pop, I'm not going to catch you."

I'm not going to catch you. No.

Yeah. Yeah. Great marriage, a great wife, great husband. But no, it was -- it's so funny. I see my guys going crazy over here. So, I said to them, "Listen, I've been doing this stuff since 6:30 in the morning, so we'll do this one quick." I thought I'd be with you guys for maybe -- I said, "Maybe we'll do it for four or five minutes, and I'll get --" I found this so -- this is great.

Well, this is what they call long form, right?

It's cool. It's better than like, you know, boom, boom, boom and you go. But no, I thought -- right, fellas? I thought I'd be here for just a short while. These guys are great. I could do it for hours. I could do it for hours with them. It's -- you know, a lot of people you meet, even for interviews, and you wouldn't feel this way.

You know, you want to sort of get out of there, right? And I wasn't in the mood to do this. I've been -- I just left the Economic Club of Detroit. I made a two-hour speech. Then I left Maria Bartiromo. She gave me a, what, one hour, at least, interview. And then I said, "OK. Is that it for the day?" "No, you're going to meet a couple of young handsome athletes." They said, "One of them is six foot seven --"

And the other one is just a pure good athlete.

I said, "Let me ask you --" I said, "Let me ask you, is there a way we want to do it tomorrow or so?"

Anyway. No, this was -- this was -- we had a lot of fun. I had a lot of fun with you, guys.

Yeah.

Go ahead.

Yeah.

This episode?

I think so, vast majority. They're going to say he's such a nice guy.

Now, everyone says that. When I do these things, they say, "He's so different than I thought. He's such a nice guy." I'm actually not a nice guy, but -- no, I'm actually -- I'm actually -- I think I am a nice guy, actually. But no, I think they'll think it'll be interesting. I'll tell you one thing. You know what you're going to do? You're going to get the highest ratings you've ever had.

And I don't know why. I have no idea why, but that'll happen. You know, I did Gutfeld. He's great. He's a great guy. And he got his highest ratings in the history of his show, and he had the No. 1 show of the week. You're going to get high ratings, and I don't know why. But you'll let me know what your ratings are, right?

Do you have a thing -- is yours called ratings or is it called hits?

So, whatever. It's like how many people are watching.

Yeah, it's a great question. It's a great question. So, you want to see the country united, but we have like two very different -- you have a very conservative side and a conservative side and then you have people that want to see an open border and things. I mean, you know, I don't -- a lot of it is so far out.

Like, for instance, they want men playing in women's sports. I don't think I could ever say I'm thrilled about that, OK? I've seen it. I've seen people really hurt. In the Olympics, you had two boxers that transitioned to women, and in the women's boxing, they both won gold medals. And you saw the one, the young Italian girl got hit a couple of times.

She said, "Oh, I'm -- bye, bye. I'm out of here."

No, the whole thing -- huh?

Well, it was sort of weird, right?

It was a weird thing. I mean, she got hit very hard, and only with lefts. You know, it's boom, and she then walked back to the corner. She said, "I just got hit by a horse. I can't take it." And then she walked back. You're right about -- a little bit right, but -- but she's fighting a man. She is fighting a man.

Yeah.

Yeah.

Did you see it? Did you see that?

She got hit -- beautiful girl. She got hit by two jabs, and that was the end of it.

That's interesting. He said -- she said -- so, in other words, she should have gotten the shit knocked out of herself.

He's a nasty guy.

No, he's a sadist.

He wants her to go in there and just get the hell beat out of her.

But she had a beautiful face. She wants her on the floor, bleeding profusely, broken nose that'll never be the same again, scar down the face. You're a tough guy. He's a tough guy.

She might have done the right thing, and I'm not one that says that she might have -- but anyway. So, no, but the two guys, there were two of them, and they both won a gold medal. How about the weightlifting? You know, records haven't been broken for like years, and they put an eighth of an ounce and another eighth on the -- and, you know, the girl can't do it.

The guy comes along. She -- the whole -- the whole thing is ridiculous. So, OK, let's get back to your question, right, the weave.

You forgot about the weave.

He forgot, but I did not.

The thing -- yeah. But -- no, I have to do it otherwise, they'll say maybe -- you know, you always have to come back. What happens is that I think that we have to have success. If I -- when I was running the country, we had by the second and a half year, like two and a half years, three years, just before COVID came, we had the most successful country in history ever.

This country was doing the best -- best numbers in every category, no matter what category, including employment and everything. And I was getting called by people on the radical left that I would never have ever thought wanting to see me because everybody they knew was working. Radical left people had jobs, making more money than ever.

And I'm telling you, the country was -- then we got hit by the COVID stuff and we had to go back to work. But everybody was working. Everybody was successful. They had great jobs. They were making more money than they ever made. Everything was good. And I'm telling you, the country was coming together, OK, despite the fact that, you know, the -- what we were saying before about the divisions, like, you know, how do you have open borders.

Some people -- I don't think a lot of people like it, but some people do. But the country was coming together. And now -- and if you would have asked me that question before this, I would have said it's sort of two countries and you just have to work it out. But I'll tell you, I experienced unbelievable success leading the country just prior to COVID.

Numbers that -- the stock market was at an all-time -- everything was, like, perfect and the country was coming together. So, now, I can honestly answer that question, say success will bring the country together, you know. OK? See, we got right back to that.

OK.

Thank you.

OK. Press the middle, right?

He's a handsome man.

Well, bench press.

Well, you know, I don't want to tell him because if I tell it, it's not much. I don't --

I don't think so. I don't think it's too much. I don't know. It's never been my -- my -- I'd have to -- let's do it sometime. Well, next time, we'll meet, we'll start lifting weights.

Now, is -- is he live right now?

OK. Good because --

I'm talking to him. I'm just wondering.

Thank you very much, Jordan. I appreciate it. And he looks --

He looks he can bench press a lot. I don't know.

He was a great player?

Did he go to the NFL?

Well, he looks like a great guy. So, his question, essentially, you're -- you're very resilient. How do you basically take it?

Because I have been through a lot, more than -- I think more than any president. Tell him that it was always Andrew Jackson, they said was the one who was most abused. Andrew Jackson. He was a good president and he was a great general, but he was a good president, too. He was very abused, so -- so much so that his wife died very, very young, and she died because of heartache of what he went through and what they went through.

And the second was Abraham Lincoln. But, you know, he was in a little thing called the Civil War, right? But he was very badly abused. And now, I think they probably say Trump blows him away, if you want to know the truth. I -- I think the answer -- because a lot of people do ask me this question, how do you take it? How do you take it? How do you get up in the morning? They actually say, "How do you get up in the morning and go to work? They're always after you. They're -- they want to indict you. They want to put you in prison. They want to --"

They're animals, OK? They're animals. They're sick people. I have a guy named -- I call him deranged Jack Smith. I mean, he was put out there -- this was -- this was the weaponization of justice. And probably, it's the first time it's happened. I don't think I'd be as popular if they -- if it didn't happen, OK, because I explain it to the public.

It's not pleasant, but I explain it to the public and I said here's what happened. And they know it's true. They put -- they go after me to try and hurt me politically so they can beat me in an election. And it's actually had the opposite effect. It's made me more popular. It's actually made me more popular.

And just told you I try not to think about it the way he phrased the question. I just say screw it. Whatever happens, happens, and do the right thing. You know, I see guys at golf or in sports, but they want to drop a three-pointer. They try so hard. And in the end, it's like -- it's really unattractive.

It's -- and then you watch some other guys, they're like -- you know, do you ever see Lee Trevino play golf? You know, he's loose as a goose or -- or some other -- you know, just bing, it goes in. I try to take it less seriously than I should. I should take it more seriously, but if I do -- if I did that, I don't think I'd be with you guys today.

I really don't. I fight very hard. And I'll also fight nasty because you have to because these are sick people. These actually are people -- I think a lot of these people are sick, the people that do what Jordan is saying. And he's no fan of theirs either, I can tell you. I love him because he's like so many of our people.

That's the attitude. There's spirit and there's tremendous love. But I try to be very loose and just say it doesn't matter. You got to do what's right. And I get through it pretty easily. I'll tell you, it also helps, I think, that it's made me much more popular. I don't know that I'd be this popular.

I mean, I'm leading -- I beat all the Republicans easily, very easily. I mean, in record time, right, record fashion. And the -- the -- the indictments came and all the problems came from Biden and Harris. You know she was a prosecutor. She probably used whatever talent she has, which isn't much, and she would come after me over nothing, over -- over documents that Biden turned out to have a problem.

And I won the case. And come after me. When I explained to the public -- and I would have a news conference and I would explain it in great detail, and they would believe me. They understand. It's not even a question of belief. They would believe me. And -- but just tell them, I -- I really appreciate him because I have so many people that I -- I respect that are just like him.

You have to just fight your way through it. And you cannot let it get you down. You have to just fight like hell and don't let it get you down and try not to take it -- it's serious. It's very serious. But try not to take it so seriously that you become immobilized because I've had friends that have gone through far less and they become basket cases. And you don't want that to happen.

Thank you very much.

It's all right.

It's all right.

I found it interesting.

If these guys weren't driving me crazy over here, I'd stay -- I'd stay for another two hours with you guys. You're two interesting guys, and that's why you're doing so well. You're doing great.

And my son says hello. My six-foot-nine son says hello.

Thinks you guys are -- yeah, he's a little taller than you, I'd say.

I look at some guy, I say, "My son is taller than them. That's crazy." Have a good time, fellas.

Good luck with your lives.

We'll do it again sometime.

That's great.

Thank you.

Thank you.