How are you?

OK. How are you? Nice to see you.

Your beauty.

OK.

OK, good.

Yeah.

So, millions and millions of people are coming into our country, and it's not necessarily exactly what we want or had in mind. They have open borders where people just flow in. And many of those people are coming from prisons. Many of those people, frankly, are murderers and they're drug dealers, and they're coming from mental institutions.

And they're coming from places that are not going to work very well. It's not going to be very good for our country. So, we're going to start with that, and we have to get them out. No country can sustain what we're going through. I believe the number is 15 million, 16 million, could even be 17 million people right now.

It's more than -- almost that's bigger than almost all of our states.

It will really be done with local police. You know, the respect has been taken away. The honor has been taken away from our police forces. They're not allowed to do anything. And whether it's libertarian or not libertarian, people have to have -- you have to have law and order. You can't have 500 people walking into a department store and just walking out with everything they have.

And we have to give honor and respect back. And I believe immunity, because, you know, so often when a police person does their job, they end up with -- they end up with no pension, they end up with no house, they end up with no family. Everything's taken away from them. They have to get their own lawyer.

So, we're going to give them back their dignity and their strength. The local police know the criminals that we're talking about. They know their first name, their middle name, and their last name. They know everything about them. And we're going to have to let them do that. And they will bring them in. We have no choice.

And these are, in many cases -- and this is from all over the world, not just South America, which is big enough. But they're coming in from the Congo. They're coming in from all parts of Africa. They're coming in from all parts of Asia. And they're -- it's an invasion into our country.

And no country can handle this. So, we're going to have them taken out. Local police, we're going to work very closely with the local police. And it's been done before. We had Dwight Eisenhower, believe it or not, did the biggest deportation. He pretty much stopped it. Strange that we mentioned Eisenhower because you don't think of him that way --

But he did a massive deportation where people were pouring in.

I agree.

It's true.

So, we had some great people because our trade numbers were fantastic. The jobs we did on trade, the jobs we did, frankly, in the military underneath the terrible television generals who were absolutely terrible, but we have incredible people. You know, we defeated ISIS. And we had no new wars because they were concerned with us. I had no wars at all.

I finished off a war that we were in for 20 years, but we had no wars. And we have to get the right people. It's all about the people. So, when I first came here, I was only in Washington 17 times in my life. All of a sudden, I'm president. And I really knew nobody. I relied on people. Some were good, some were RINOs, some gave us some bad advice.

And generally speaking, we had very good people. But we had some that we have to do better. Attorney general, we have to get a great attorney general. And I'd work with the Libertarian Party on that. I think it's very good because, you know, I view the Libertarian Party as almost a party of common sense, largely of common sense.

And I say that about the Republican Party, too. We're a party of common sense. You want borders, but you want fairness. You want a lot of things that a lot of other people don't talk about so we will work with a lot of people to get the right people in. The difference is I know no sort of everybody.

And i'm not having to be relying on. people that I didn't know very well and listen to their recommendations. And I think we have phenomenal people. I know the people -- I know the good ones, the bad ones, the weak ones, the strong ones. I think we're going to have great people.

Yeah. Well, Kash is fantastic.

He's an example of a good one. We have some great people, but Kash was a great example. Devin Nunes, as you know, he's fantastic.

So many great people.

Yeah.

Right

Yeah.

I appreciate it.

Yeah.

Well, first of all, I'm the only one that is going to stop World War III because this man can't put two sentences together. He doesn't know what he's doing, doesn't know where he is. And amazingly, it seems like he's going to be running. You know, it's a lot of people say, "Do you think you'll make it to the starting gate?" Well, we'll see what happens.

But if you look at Viktor Orban, because we don't want to see wars. I don't want to see wars. I was in no wars other than we finished a war with ISIS, and we completed it, 100% complete. But I don't want to see wars. I think it's so horrible, so unnecessary, so costly in terms of lives and money in that order, and destroying these countries.

You know, you're destroying culture. When you look at Ukraine, that would have never happened if I were president. You look at the October 7th attack on Israel, it would have never happened.

Right.

That's right.

I think it's just a failed mentality. It's crazy. You can solve problems over a telephone. Instead, they start dropping bombs. I see, recently, they're dropping bombs all over Yemen. You don't have to do that. You can talk in such a way where they respect you and they listen to you. Viktor Orban of Hungary, you know, the leader.

They call him a strong man. Who cares if he's a strong man or not a strong man? He's a very powerful guy. He said the problem the world has is that Donald Trump is no longer president. When he was president, China didn't play around, Russia didn't play around, nobody played around. And we had no problems.

Today, the whole world is on fire.

That's right.

Right.

Well, direct economic, but also direct in terms of warfare. We're spending hundreds of billions of dollars all around the world. But when you look at Ukraine, we're giving all of this money. Europe, which is much more affected by that war than us, is spending just a tiny fraction of what we're spending. And you say, does anybody at least get involved in this?But more importantly, I will end that war.

I'll get it ended. Putin respects me, Zelenskyy respects me, I know all the players, and I want to get that war ended. It's a horrible war, it's a terrible. There's no good war, but that's a horrible war. And to think it would have never started. It would have never started.

If the election turned out like it should have turned out, that war would have never started. And you know, the number of lives we're talking about is far greater than the numbers that you hear. When they blow up a town, or when they blow up these buildings, these massive buildings surprisingly, I mean these are big -- it was my business.

These are big powerful buildings, and they come tumbling down to the ground and they say nobody was injured. A lot of people killed.

And the numbers are a lot different than you think. What -- you will see that, you will see that happening. When those numbers really get it out, you can see it's much worse than people think.

Yeah.

Well, I'm the one that stopped the funding, and this was funding from before me. I'm the one that stopped the funding. Fauci wasn't a big player in my administration like he was after I left. I mean Biden made him the king of everything. And if you take a look at that, Fauci was not the big player with me that he was.

And in fact, I did things that he didn't want to do. He wanted to keep it open to China. I said, you got to close it to China because it was all coming out of China. It was coming out of Wuhan, which I said right at the beginning. But the other thing is, and what people don't realize, I gave -- I believe in federalism, I gave the power to governors.

Some governors did a great job. In all cases, they were Republicans. And some, like in South Carolina, Henry McMaster kept everything open, kept everything open. Others didn't. The Democrats did a bad job, very bad job. But basically, I gave that power over the states. I gave it to the governor. I gave it back to the states.

And I think it's something which, when people realize that, it's something that they respect.

Yeah, and we'll take a look at statute of limitations because you know the statute of limitations are quite long. And we're going to be looking at that very seriously, yeah.

Yeah.

Good.

And it hasn't happened since.

And we were, when I met with, you know, with the handoff, you sort of meet with the previous president for a period of time. The meeting lasted for quite a while. With President Obama, you sit in the Oval Office and you talk in the presses outside and you talk for a little while. He said the single greatest threat we have is North Korea.

And I said, "Have you called them? Have you tried to talk to them?" You know, little things like that. And it didn't matter what the answer was. He felt that that was the single biggest threat in the world was North Korea. And as you know, there was certain hostility when I first started. And all of a sudden, it boiled down to something that was very beautiful, the way it happened.

And I got along with him very well. And I will say that if Hillary won that race, you would have had a nuclear war, and millions of people would have been killed. And you weren't even close to that. It never happened. It was never going to happen. I got along great with them, and it just never was going to happen.

Well, I wouldn't say that Secret Service was thrilled. And in those blue buildings, there were lots of people in those buildings that I looked at. You know, the two blue buildings --

On each side of the windows. And I looked in those windows, and there were a lot of things happening in those -- someday, I'll tell you about it. But no, I felt very safe. I felt -- my relationship with him, as you know, was very hostile. Little rocket man and all that.

But then, all of a sudden it morphed. He respected me, I respected him. And we ended up -- once we got to know each other, we ended up very good, a very smart guy, very strong guy. He's the absolute leader of that country. For those that think he's not, they're wrong. And I got to know him very well. I even did a press conference.

He never did a press conference before. I said, would you like to do a press conference? We did a press conference, if you remember. And then, he said, that's the end of the press conference. And boom, everybody was pretty radically thrown out. But it was a press conference, the only press conference he's ever done.

I got along with him great. We had no nuclear war. You would have had a nuclear war guaranteed. And you won't if -- look, if we have the right president, if we have somebody that knows what he's doing, you're not going to have World War III. If, on the other hand, we don't, you're going to end up in World War III, and it's going to be a war like no other because of the power of weaponry.

He can't fix anything, he can't fix himself.

He can't fix anything.

By the way, I just -- just so you know, I know all the leaders. They're at the top of their game. They're sharp, they're tough, they're smart. They love their country, or they do whatever they have to for their country at a minimum. And when they see this guy come in, I think they can't believe it.

I know they can't believe it. It's not the right person.

What we're doing is we're backing it as a form of -- as a field, and we have to. Because otherwise, somebody else is going to be doing it from another country. And as you know, they're already trying. And it's going to happen and we're going to help it happen, and it's something that can be very good. I think it can be very good.

No -- right, no Central Bank.

Well, I'm going to talk about that today and we're going to give it very serious consideration. And we're going to have a couple of other things to say in this speech that I think you're going to love.

And you've gotten so much out of me, I should leave a little bit for the speech, don't you think?

It's my honor.

And you're very respected, I have to say --

When I did a little research.

And some of my guys said -- and I've met you before --

But they said, just a very respected guy, it's my honor. Even though we're keeping that big crowd, that's the biggest crowd they've ever had.

We're keeping them waiting just for this interview, so congratulations.

Thank you, my friend.

Appreciate it very much.

Great, thanks.

That was fun.

We better win. We're not going to have a country.

Yeah, yeah.