More than accused. I mean, they came out of jails, and it was 13,576 or something. And that's the least of it. You have that. And then, you have hundreds of thousands that have been in prison for the worst crimes. And then, you have the gang members, all of the gang members from all countries all over the world.

They come in from the Congo, from prisons in the Congo, from games in the -- it's not just South America. It's from all over -- it is South America, but from many other places. And they're coming in by the hundreds of thousands and destroying our country. And this Kamala doesn't know what she's doing.

She allowed him to come in, and they have to be removed. I mean, they're murderers, they're rapists. They're -- they're at levels of crime, the highest levels of crime. And nobody's ever seen a report like that because they were never released, to the best of my knowledge. Nobody knew about it. I was saying, but nobody could have thought it was that bad.

These are murderers that are convicted and imprisoned in the worst prisons in the world. They're now living happily in the United States of America. But they're not going to live happily long because they'll be on the same spree that they did in their own countries. They'll be killing people. It's very dangerous. We have to get them out of our country.

Well, the one thing, Alexis, is interesting, the people don't want sanctuary cities, including Democrats. The ones that want them are the politicians, and they have their own reason. We'll do a separate interview on that. But the people don't want them. Democrats don't want them. Republicans don't want them.

And they're going to be out, and we'll defund -- we'll do whatever it takes to make sure they're out. But sanctuary, they're really sanctuary for criminals, and that's what it is. And it's like why do the Republicans want to have open borders? Why? Why would that be good? Why do they want to have men playing in women's sports? Why do they want these things? And you have to think about it a little bit.

But sanctuary cities are not wanted by the people, and they're very dangerous, and they take care of criminals. And we're going to defund them, and we're not going to let them happen.

Well, first of all, it was inflation that caused the problem. And with me, I had no -- almost no inflation, 1.2, 1.4 percent, which was perfect. It stayed there for about two years because we had it good and solid. It wasn't just -- all of a sudden it went up. And then, it went up to 9.9, but it really went up, overall, 40, 50, 60, 70 percent for many of the products to live.

And it destroyed people, it destroyed their lives. The seniors, that's why I say no tax on Social Security benefits because the seniors have been devastated on fixed income by inflation, by Democrat inflation. And they caused it with their ridiculous energy policies. I gave them the best energy policy ever, and they dismantled it.

And the prices went up. Then, they went back to the Trump plan because of what it was doing to -- and it came back into a little bit of focus. But really, the problem is the people were already hurt. It's like inflation. What are you going to do about inflation? The damage has already been done. And people are paying 50, 60 -- like, I would say, in many cases, 75 and 80 percent more than they were three years ago.

So, we're going to get it down, and we're going to get it down the same way it went up with energy. We're going to reduce people's bill by 50 percent on energy, 5-0, 50 percent. We do that. It's going to bring down the cost of making donuts and -- and shopping and anything else, including houses. We're also going to get interest rates down.

So, interest rates with me were at 2 percent. And now, they're at 10 percent, but you can't get the money. You can't get any money at 10 percent. So, that means it's much higher than 10 percent. And that's also inflation. But it's stopping the American dream because young kids coming out of school, coming out of college, they can't get a house.

Right.

Sure.

Yeah, well, we're going to create jobs. We're going to bring our companies. You heard that today. We're going to bring our companies back that were stolen from other countries, from foreign lands. And they were brought out just because we did nothing to defend. We didn't put taxes on. We didn't put tariffs on.

These companies would come in, they'd take our jobs, they'd take our product. We're going to do that. We're going to get rid of the inflation. The inflation is going to go down fast because we're going to drill, baby, drill. And we're going to get -- interest rates are going to follow. Interest rates will follow what we do with respect to energy.

But we're going to bring companies back. Like in Michigan, they've lost so much. If you go back 30, 40, 50 years, I mean, nobody else could compete with Michigan. And now, it's just almost like an afterthought. We're bringing the car industry back. We're bringing industry back into our country, and that means jobs.

And people will have a lot of choice as to jobs, and it's going to happen very fast.

Well, there are a lot of them. One is that we are bringing companies back. But a big one is that we are lowering taxes, very simply, and she is raising taxes. She'll have taxes up to 70 or 80 percent, and we're going to have them down in the 15s. We think we can get it down to 15 percent. So, we're lowering taxes a lot, and she's raising taxes a lot.

She can't explain it because she's not a smart person. And she's not a person that understands business, she doesn't understand economics. I mean, she wants to raise taxes on companies. And what that means is those companies are going to go to Europe. They're going to go to Asia. They're going to leave, they don't stay.

If they negotiate taxes, literally, they'll go to Asia, they'll go to Europe. They'll be very happy. They don't care. They want their bottom line. All of those jobs will be gone, and she doesn't understand that. She wants to bring them up to 70, 80 percent in some cases. So, we're going to lower taxes a lot, and she's going to raise taxes, and that's one of the biggest differences.

Thank you very much.