Well, I would say that he is currently more incompetent. I think at a certain point, he was probably slightly better than her, but not much. Look, he was never known as a rocket scientist. You do know that, right? And I'm talking about 35, 40 years ago. This was not a rocket scientist. This is a guy that got elected because of COVID.

They kept him in a basement. They wouldn't let him talk. They wouldn't let him -- I used to say, "Where is this guy? When's he coming out?" They ran a brilliant campaign, but is it a legal campaign? Everybody lied about him. He was grossly incompetent then, just as he is now. Now, he's a little bit worse, maybe a lot worse.

Yeah, well, right in that -- in that neighborhood.

I'm pretty good. I won a lot of club championships.

Well, I'll tell you what, within a short period of time she'll be able to.

I don't want to say. We have -- it's -- let's -- let's -- it's pretty close.

Oh, she's going to be good. She's going to be really good. I mean, she's really a top young player for her age. She's incredible, I would say.

Right.

Absolutely.

Absolutely. Mexico is going to have to straighten it out really fast or the answer is absolutely. They're killing 300,000 people a year with fentanyl coming in. And China, by the way, will do what they have to do. They're going to do it, just like I had to deal with President Xi. But then Biden never took it over.

They were going to give the death penalty to anybody sending fentanyl our way, and that was part of my negotiation. They never did it because nobody forced it on our side. You know China has the death penalty for drug dealers, etc. And I said they're drug dealers. They agreed with me. He agreed with me.

Death penalty for drug dealers, death penalty for people that send fentanyl into our country, and that would have made a big -- that would have made a big difference. But you know what happened? Nothing. Because when Biden came in, nothing happened. And I don't know why he's so soft on China, but boy is he soft on China.

But China is sending -- almost 100 percent of it is from China to the Mexican border. And then it's coming in. Mexico is going to be given a very short period of time to police their border. I'm sure they're going to do not well. And then, you're going to see the action start. And you know what's going to happen? We're going to have -- we're going to have a lot of people living -- they're killing 300,000, 350,000, not 100,000 or 90,000.

Like, if you say 100,000, it's a lot of people. That's two Yankee stadiums, OK? They're killing 300,000 people, maybe more than that, and destroying families. Even if there's no death, they're destroying families. The families are decimated, and they're destroyed.

She looked great the other night.

She was great.

Yeah.

So, Dwight Eisenhower, who people consider a moderate. He probably wasn't as moderate as people think. But Dwight Eisenhower did the largest deportation ever in this country. He was very big on not -- people not coming into our countries, people breaking our sealed borders, right? And the hardest thing in a certain way is exactly what you said.

We have to get some very bad people out of this country. And as soon as we grab, perhaps, we take a woman with two children, three children, she shouldn't be here, but she's a nice woman, the children are beautiful, and all of a sudden, it ends up being a front page story of the liberal newspapers, and you're right, it's some -- it's a hard thing to do, harder than a long time ago with Dwight Eisenhower, right? A lot harder.

Nobody complained in those days. It was -- you know, we had a country that was much different. But we have no choice. We have to get the criminals out. These are murderers. These are drug dealers. These are people that will take women and put them in the trunk of a car and sell them to the highest bidder.

They'll come across the border, human traffickers, which is, you think of that as an ancient thing.

Actually, it's almost as big as the drug trade now. You wouldn't even believe this. And the reason is because of the internet. The internet has made that into a massive business. Human trafficking, it's mostly in women. And all of these things, we have no choice. We have to do it.

The problem is Mexico is petrified of the cartels because they'll take out --

A president in two minutes. And they're petrified of the cartels. The cartels are running Mexico. And I had a great relationship, as you know, with the president of Mexico. But I had Remain in Mexico. I had catch and release in Mexico. We released them in Mexico, not here. I did things that nobody believed I did.

They could be done. Remember when I had Remain in Mexico? In other words, nobody could come into our country. They had to remain in Mexico. Do you think that was easy to get? And I got it. I got it because of tariffs. I said, "If you don't agree to it, I'm going to put tariffs on your cars and everything you sell us at a level of 50 to 100 percent."

And all of a sudden, they said, "We would love to keep them in Mexico. It would be a great honor to keep everybody in Mexico." But we had --

But we had great -- no, we have great powers if we had people that knew how to --

Use them, they don't --

That's right. That's right.

Yeah.

You know, it's interesting, I never took it seriously until now because people believe things when they hear it over and over. Biden gets up, he can't read two sentences, he can't put two sentences together. "Trump is a threat to democracy, he's a threat," he doesn't even know what the hell he's saying.

He couldn't even define the word democracy and he says he's a threat. Then I started realizing a couple of weeks ago, you know, every single time he gets up, he calls me a threat to democracy. And he's actually a threat to democracy because he's grossly incompetent. I mean, that's the big threat to democracy.

So, I spoke yesterday as you know, President Zelenskyy called me, and we had a good talk. And I said we got to get this war over. This is a war machine. You're facing a war machine. That's what they do is they fight wars. They beat Hitler. They beat Napoleon. They're fighting a war. And the spring offensive never happened.

And I hear they had millions of mines put down and they had thousands of Army tanks, meaning the Russians. And I said we've got to get this war over with a lot of Russians being killed, but a lot of Ukrainians being killed. It's a whole mess. It should have never happened. Biden should have never allowed this to happen.

This was an easy stop. This was zero chance of happening, and it didn't happen for my four years. You know, it wouldn't happen. It didn't happen. And President Putin would have never done it, never ever. Two reasons. Number one, the oil prices were low. I kept them low, I kept gasoline low, I kept oil low.

And he wouldn't have had the money to prosecute. As soon as these guys came in, the oil went to almost $100 a barrel, which is double what it should be. And all of a sudden, he's got tremendous amounts of money that he didn't have. Russia had. So, they did the war. And in my opinion every single thing that Biden said was the opposite of what he should have said.

I watched this happening, I said, "He's saying the wrong things. He's saying absolutely the opposite of what he should be saying." I think one of the reasons Putin went in is because when he saw Afghanistan the way we got out. Not that we got out, I was going to get out, I would have been out sooner, but we would have been out with dignity and strength.

When people saw that like Putin, like President Xi of China, strong guy, strong man, when they saw that, Jesse, they said this is our time. And that's why he went in, in my opinion, that's why he went into Ukraine. I mean he went to Ukraine when he saw how bad we were with Afghanistan. He said these people are incompetent.

They don't -- and we do. We have incompetent leaders, but we have great -- because I defeated ISIS in a very short number of weeks, and they were fighting them for years. We have great military, and they're not woke at the --

Because I have generals in there that are great, not the ones on television that you see that you hear the Milleys and the Mattises. We have great generals. These are not woke people. And we have great military, too. And they're not going to be woke even --

We're going to win, we got to win.

We're going to get them all back.

Well, I'm going to make a phone call, we're going to get him back. We're going to have him back fast.

Well, we're going to be big for AI. But, you know, AI requires unbelievable amounts of electricity.

You know this, do you know we need twice as much electricity as we currently have in our country for AI? But the environmentalists won't let you produce it. They want wind. The wind is blowing today. The whole thing, it's the most expensive hoax in the world. The wind, it kills our birds. If you want to see a bird cemetery, go under a windmill sometime, you'll see a bird.

You know, if you shoot a bald eagle or an eagle of any kind, they put you in jail for two years. Go under a windmill, see how many eagles are under there. Nobody goes to jail. It's -- they say the environmentalists like them. I don't know what's to like. It ruins everything. And it's a single most expensive form of energy.

And then, by the way, every nine years, you have to replace them.

These are mechanical machines. You know, people think, "Oh, we built them." But you're going to have to replace them and especially the ones in the ocean.

The salt water just absolutely eats through the steel like it's nothing. Anyway, we have a lot of things to do, and we can do it. We'll do it fast, and we do it with common sense. You know, I call it the party of common sense because 90 percent of the things we've talked about over the years, common sense.

Like we don't want all electric cars, you want an electric car. It's great, but not everybody wants an electric car. They want to go far, they don't want to pay China, or they don't want to pay too much because an electric car is more expensive.

Well, I love Elon. And I have to tell you this about this. He endorsed me. He announced he's giving me $45 million a month. And yet, I'm against certain electric cars. I love electric cars for people that want them, people that don't want to drive across the country, people that don't want to go long distances.

You'd have to stop too much. But if you go back and forth or whatever, I think they have a great place. And here's the thing with Elon that's amazing. And I keep waiting. He has never once -- as you know, he endorsed me just recently, and I've been making this whole thing about electric cars and the mandate for electric cars, another mandate for the electric cars.

And I'll tell you, he's never called me and said, "Could you lay off the electric car thing?" Because I think electric cars are fantastic for certain people. So, right now, you're selling 6 percent, 7 percent. They want you to go to 100 percent all electric and the other day I saw they built chargers like a gas pump.

Some place in the Midwest, they built eight chargers. They cost $9 billion, and two of them don't work, OK, $9 billion.

This country doesn't have enough -- the whole world doesn't have enough money to -- we don't have enough money to even think about it. It would cost $5 trillion to build chargers so that we could charge the electric car. And yet, under our feet, we have more liquid gold than any country in the world, including Saudi Arabia and including Russia.

And we're going to start using it and we're going to start paying down debt and lowering taxes.

Yeah.

It's a good one.

Yes.

Thank you.