Well, it's just such a sad thing to see, Sean. When you look at this, it's not even -- even believable. If you go back a year or go back three or four or five years ago, this would not even be possible to think about. Nobody would be thinking this could happen. You look at the antisemitism, the hatred of Israel by so many people.

If you go back 10 years, I mean, Israel was protected by Congress. And now, Congress is just doing numbers that are unbelievable with, I think, a very, very small group of people within Congress. And it's got to stop. But we have to go back to the roots. We have to protect. We have to stop the antisemitism that's just pervading our country right now.

And Biden has to do something. Biden is supposed to be the voice of our country, and it's certainly not much of a voice. It's a voice that nobody's heard. And look, I don't think he's -- I don't think he's able to do it. I don't think he's got what it takes to do it, but he's got to. He's got to -- he's got to strengthen up and he's got to be heard.

Well, I really think you have a lot of paid agitators, professional agitators in here, too. And I see it all over. And, you know, when you see signs and they're all identical, that means they're being paid by a source. You know, these aren't hand-painted signs where people would go to their basement and paint something because they really believed it. These are all signs that are identical.

They're made by the same printer. And, you know, when you see that, that means there's somebody at top that's paying or a group that's paying, and they're doing a great disservice to the world, but they're doing a great disservice to our country. But when you look at New York and a state like this -- but look at other cities, it's not a lot different.

It's frankly worse in some places than it is right now in New York. And I think the New York's finest -- New York City's finest have been incredible, the way they've been. It's not over yet, but the way they walked in and the way they climbed through that window, they were not -- they were not afraid of anything, and it looks like they've got it maybe clamped down.

But it should never have gotten to this, and they should have done it a lot sooner than before they took over the building because it would have been a lot easier if they were in tents rather than a building. And tremendous damage done, too. You know, when you look at that building, that's a landmark and it's really been damaged badly by these people.

Well, I'm watching Jewish politicians abandon Israel, and I've seen it and you've seen it. Where is Schumer? Why isn't Schumer speaking up? He was always out there in front. Because he's looking at votes, I guess. And I guess he's looking at maybe more votes than represent Israel. But that has nothing to do with it. You have to -- you have to stop this war on terror.

It's Israel's war on terror. October 7th was beyond violent. It was things done to people that nobody's ever seen before, to babies. And a lot of people, people that are out there protesting, they deny October 7th ever happened. October 7th did happen, and it was horrible and violent and disgraceful, and it's got to be stopped.

You can't have a thing like that. And when you have people out there protesting and they're denying that October 7th ever took place, they're either brainwashed -- in a certain way, I really believe they are brainwashed because you look at some of the comments, they say none of this stuff happened. And, you know, we want Israel back.

The fact is, you have to get Israel back where it belongs because what's happening in Israel right now is really not sustainable either. We have to let Israel complete their war on terror. It's a horrible thing, but they have to do it and they have to do it fast. And we have to get back to order. And people have to respect law and order in this country.

They don't respect it anymore. The United States worldwide is not respected anymore, and we have to gain back that respect from other countries quickly.

Well, we knocked out ISIS in record time. We had it out in three to four weeks. People said it was going to take four years. You have to get the job done. It's a horrible job to do, but they have to respond. When they do -- when there's an attack, a sneak attack like on October 7th that's so violent and such hatred, you have to clean it out.

You have to clean out the cancer, and you have to let them do their job. And frankly, it has to be done fast because this is not sustainable for anybody. The job has to be done. It has to be done fast. The United States has to get courage, and the United States has to speak up. Nobody knows where the U.S. stands right now.

I think Biden is not on the side of Israel, and he's making a tremendous mistake. You have to clean up the terror that we witnessed on October 7th.

Well, I'm the one that designated, in a sense, by moving the embassy back to Jerusalem. Jerusalem becomes the capital. That was -- you know, a lot of presidents said they were going to do that. They didn't do it. I did a lot more than that. I mean, we did things that nobody thought were doable, including ending the horrible Iran nuclear deal, which was so dangerous.

And unfortunately, the Biden administration didn't do anything with it. That deal could have been made in one week, literally, if they knew what they were doing. And you have a big problem. You have that everlasting problem of Iran looking over Israel soon to have, and remember this, soon to have nuclear weapons.

You can't let Iran have nuclear weapons. But the bottom line is they have to be able to finish the job. You have to let them finish the job. You have to support them. But they have to do it quickly. And you can't let scenes like this. The head of Columbia should be ashamed of herself, the job that she's done.

She should no longer be there. She should be absolutely ashamed because she let this take place, Sean.