Thank you very much.

Well, I think we're going to see a lot of results. We've already seen them. On the border, we have the best border in the history of our country. It was 99.999, and nobody ever thought that was possible. In fact, Biden, if you remember, said he has to get legislation. And I said, "No, you just need a new president." And I guess I was right.

We have the best border we've ever had. We're doing great on illegal immigration. We are being hit hard by judges that I think they're trying to take away the power of the presidency. I was elected in a massive landslide and a big, you know, big vote. We won the swing states. We won the popular vote. We won the district votes by tremendous numbers.

We won everything. And one of the reasons -- one of the primary reasons I was elected was to get people out of our country that were allowed. We have prisoners. We have murderers. We have terrorists in our country. We have people from mental institutions that are seriously insane. They all came in through Biden's open border policy.

And I was elected to get them out and to seal the border, but to get them out. And we'll have judges, they're activist judges. They're saying, "Well, you know, you don't have the right to take out murderers and -- and people that you don't even want to talk about." These are really some really bad criminal people.

And they're here illegally. So, you know they talk about -- your next question will be due process. But they talk about due process, but do you get due process when you're here illegally?

Much better.

Well, I think certain aspects of it are. Costs are. I was able to get down the costs. But even that, it takes a while to get them down, but we got them down good. We lost 5 to 6 billion dollars a day with Biden. Five to 6 billion. And I've got that down to a great number right now in a very -- in a record time.

You know, we're talking about 100 days. But just think of what that is. Five billion dollars a day we're losing on trade. And we were very tough with China, as you know. We put 145% tariff on. Nobody's ever heard of such a thing. And we've essentially cut off trade relationships by putting that much of a tariff on. And that's okay.

We've gone cold turkey. That means that we're not losing. You know, we lost a trillion dollars to China. A trillion dollars. That means we're not losing a trillion dollars when we go cold turkey because we're not doing business with them right now. And they want to make a deal. They want to make a deal very badly.

We'll see how that all turns out, but it's got to be a fair deal. But think of it. We were losing a trillion dollars. And that was a big part of the 5 million dollars a day.

It spiked because I was elected president. It didn't spike because of anybody else. It spiked because they see what I'm going to do. They know what I'm going to do with the tariffs and everything else. And I think it's actually working out better than we anticipated. Did you see oil prices? Did you see gasoline is now below, in many cases, in many states, below 2 dollars a gallon? $1.98, $1.99, $1.97?

Well, I think he did a lot of very bad things. And despite some of the bad things, we're overcoming them. But he was bad on the border. He was bad on the economy. We had the worst inflation in the history of our country. Look, Biden gave us the worst inflation in the history of our country. People -- it didn't matter what they made because they were losing their shirt because of costs.

Now take a look at what happened. Oil is down. Gasoline is down. Groceries are down. Eggs. You were the one that asked me. You asked me about eggs. It was the first week. I didn't even know anything about what you -- we were talking about. Egg prices were so high, you couldn't buy eggs. They didn't have any eggs.

And they said, "Easter is going to be a disaster." Well, we had Easter at the White House, and we had thousands of eggs. And they were down 87%.

Well, I don't know --

-- what it was. Why do you say that?

We had the same bird flu as he had.

It partially is right now. And I really mean this. I think the good parts are the Trump economy and the bad parts are the Biden economy because he's done a terrible job. He did a terrible job on everything, from his autopen -- which I'm sure he knew nothing about, some of the things he was supposedly signing -- to immigration.

You look at what happened with immigration, how bad it was. Think of it. We have murderers, 11,888 murderers, many of them murdered more than one person. Think of that. And they're in our country. Now, we've gotten a lot of them out, and we know who many of them are. And we're on the hunt. But why would anybody do that?

Why would anybody -- who could do such a thing where they'd allow hundreds of thousands, and even millions of people into our country -- or criminals and murderers at the highest level. Who would do this?

Well --

-- it is, but now it's --

Look at today. I take responsibility.

Ultimately, I take responsibility for everything. But I've only just been here for a little more than three months. But the stock market, look at what's happened in the last short period of time. Didn't it have nine or ten days in a row, or 11 days, where it's gone up? And the tariffs have just started kicking in. And we're doing really well.

Psychologically, I mean, the fake news was giving me such press on the tariffs. The tariffs are going to make us rich. We're going to be a very rich country.

No. I think tariffs are going to be great for us because it's going to make us rich.

Sure.

I don't think --

-- children --

I don't think that a beautiful baby girl needs -- that's 11 years old -- needs to have 30 dolls. I think they can have three dolls or four dolls because what we were doing with China was just unbelievable. We had a trade deficit of hundreds of billions of dollars with China.

I'm saying they don't need to have 30 dolls --

No. No, I'm not saying that. I'm just saying they don't need to have 30 dolls. They can have three. They don't need to have 250 pencils. They can have five.

I'm basically saying --

-- we don't have to waste money on a trade deficit with China for things we don't need, for junk that we don't need.

Wait, whoa, whoa, whoa.

Whoa, whoa. This is such a dishonest interview already.

Prices are down on groceries. Prices are down for oil. Prices are down for all energy. Prices are down at tremendous numbers for gasoline. And let me tell you, when you have -- the big thing, what he did, he spent like a stupid person, which he was. But he spent like a very stupid person. And that was bad for inflation.

But what really killed us with inflation was the price of energy. It went up to $3.90, even $4. And in California, $5 and $6. Right? Okay. I have it down to $1.98 in many states right now. When you go that much lower on energy -- which is ahead of my prediction because I really thought I could get it down into the $2.50s -- we have it down at $1.98 in numerous places.

But when you say costs are going up, even mortgage rates are going down. You know, we have mortgage rates --

Excuse me. That's peanuts compared to --

-- energy. Energy is 60% of the cost.

Energy is a big --

Well, I don't know, when you say strollers are going up, what kind of a thing? I'm saying that gasoline is going down. Gasoline is thousands of times more important than a stroller or some place?

And they're getting it.

Even mortgage rates. It was just announced --

-- mortgage rates are going down, despite the fact that we have a stubborn Fed.

Maybe they might. But you don't need to have, as I said, 35 dolls. You can have two, three, four, and save a lot of money. We don't need to feed the beast.

I can't tell you that. I can tell you that we're making a lot of money. We're doing great. Again, we were losing more than $5 billion a day. $5 billion a day. You don't talk about that. And right now, we're going to be at a point very soon where we're making money every day. Look --

-- we were losing hundreds of billions of dollars with China. Now we're essentially not doing business with China. Therefore, we're saving hundreds of billions of dollars. Very simple.

Very positive statements in the last 24 hours.

No. They -- first of all, you're giving me a statement that was said a week ago. You're not giving the statement that was said today.

Do you know what they say today?

We're looking forward --

No, no, no. They made -- first of all, they made numerous statements.

You know how many people speak for China?

It's like, you have 15 different --

I can give you a statement for any occasion.

But they said today they want to talk. Look, China -- and I don't like this. I'm not happy about this. China's getting killed right now. They're getting absolutely destroyed. Their factories are closing. Their unemployment is going through the roof. I'm not looking to do that to China. Now, at the same time, I'm not looking to have China make hundreds of billions of dollars and build more ships and more army tanks and more airplanes.

Why would I --

Why would I do that?

At some point, I'm going to lower them because otherwise, you could never do business with them. And they want to do business very much. Look, their economy is really doing badly. Their economy is collapsing.

And many businesses are being helped.

Look at the automobile --

Why do you always mention that. You know, you pick up a couple of little businesses. What about the car business? They're going to make a fortune because of the tariffs. Do you know that the union, the head of the union, who was no fan of mine, Fain, Shawn Fain I guess his name is, right? He didn't endorse me. The Teamsters did.

A lot of people did. A lot of unions did. But he didn't. He couldn't stand me. Now he's saying, "Wow. What Trump's done for the automobile, I can't believe it." I assume he's going to probably now say -- the next thing he can say is, "I endorse this guy. He's the greatest I've ever seen." He can't believe it's happened.

He said, "We've been waiting 40 years for somebody to do what Trump is doing." So why don't you mention the big car industry instead of mentioning somebody that's doing strollers?

They're not going to need it.

They're going to make so much money --

-- if you build your product here. Remember, there are no tariffs if you build your product here. It's very easy. It's very simple.

Depends on what you're talking about. One of the things that is going to bring, and has brought -- so I think we probably have close to $9 trillion of investments coming into this country. If you look at other presidents, there's never been anything like that. This is over a period of two months. You've got to give me a little break on the one month because we're three months.

But, you know, let's say we had to get started. We had a lot of fake news at the beginning, so we had to beat that down. But so let's say in two months. So in just a short period of time -- a matter of a couple of months -- we have the largest number ever in history invested in the United States and committed.

We have between, guaranteed, spoken for and people that are going to make a decision and announce it pretty soon, close to $9 trillion. We've never had anything close. Now, that's Apple building $500 billion worth of plants. They always built their plants in China. Now they're building their plants over here.

That's the biggest computer company, the biggest chip company in the world. You know, the chip company from Taiwan, which is the biggest in the world, is committed for $500 billion. Another one's committed for $300 billion. We have companies, nobody's ever seen anything like it. Let me tell you the other thing, very importantly -- automobile companies.

Plant, after plant, after plant: Toyota, Honda, Ford, General Motors, Stellantis, I mean, nobody's ever seen anything like it. And I don't like this, but it happens to be. They're stopping work in Mexico, and they're stopping work in Canada, and they're all moving here.

No, I wouldn't do that because if somebody thought they were going to come off the table, why would they build in the United States?

You understand that, right?

See, I don't think there is uncertainty.

I think there's only uncertainty in the fake news. I don't think there's uncertainty. I mean, I've been very rigid, very strong on it. But I will say I have -- I'm flexible. Like, with respect to parts made outside of the country, I gave the automobile companies a little extra time. You know, you're talking about 15%, and then 10% of the parts made -- put in a car.

I gave them a little extra time without penalizing them. And I did that only to help, you know, companies. We're looking to help companies. We want them to thrive and to hire a lot of people and that's what's happening.

Well, you know, you say some people on Wall Street say, well, I'll tell you something else. Some people on Wall Street say that we're going to have the greatest economy in history. Why don't you talk about them? Because some people on Wall Street say this is the greatest --

-- thing that ever happened.

There are many people --

Yeah. There are many people on Wall Street that say, "This is going to be the greatest windfall ever happen."

Remember this --

Yeah.

Remember this. Look, yeah. Everything's okay. What we are -- I said, this is a transition period. I think we're going to do fantastically. One of your colleagues on another fake news station, ABC, said, "Do you guarantee 100% that a certain person is going to do a fantastic job as, let's say, Secretary of Defense?" Okay?

Because that was the question. I said, "What kind of a question is that? Do I guarantee 100%? Nobody guarantees 100%." But I will say this. I think we're going to have an economy the likes of which we've never had before. You know, my four years were phenomenal, as you know. The stock market. In fact, even though we had to go through the Covid thing, that horrible situation with Covid, we did numbers -- and when I gave it over, when I handed it over, the election was rigged, and I handed it -- and because of that, we have a lot of problems, by the way.

But when I handed it over, what happened? The market was higher than it was previous to just previous to Covid coming in. Nobody could believe it. The stock market, I'm talking about.

No, you got to look back.

Ah, no no no. There's no question about it. The election was rigged. The facts are in. And it's still being litigated. Let's go.

No, no, sure.

Sure. And I won a lot of court cases --

What are you talking about? The election of --

Are we talking about the election of 2020?

The election of 2020?

No.

No. No. I think we're going to have the greatest economic --

Anything can happen. But I think we're going to have the greatest economy in the history of our country. I think we're going to have the greatest economic boom in history.

I think what's -- what is a great misnomer is the word "tariff" in many cases, it's not -- to me, I don't view it as a tax. I view it as an incentive for people to come into the United States and build plants, factories, offices, a lot of things. I think it's an incentive. But the thing that's not known is, if you look back and see, oftentimes, like China or Vietnam or other countries, not just China, because China's an abuser, but there are other abusers.

Many of them are friends, the so-called -- I say friend and foe, and friend is oftentimes worse than foe. But what people don't understand is, and this is a lot, the country eats the tariff. The company eats the tariff. And it's not passed along at all.

I don't view it as a tax.

It may. It may. But the company --

China is eating the tariffs right now.

Well, they say that because maybe it's to their advantage to say it. Maybe they don't --

No, because you know what? I want them to build plants in the United States. That way, they don't have any tariffs. See, tariffs will -- and not only will, look at what's happened. In two months, we're close to $9 trillion of investment. We've never been anywhere near that.

He's just a very nice guy. We have a relationship. I asked him about it. He said, "Well, I don't want to do that," and he took it off immediately.

Sure. I'll always call people if I disagree with them.

If I think that somebody's doing something that's incorrect, wrong, or maybe hurtful to the country, I'll call. Absolu -- wouldn't you want me to call? Biden wouldn't call because he didn't know what was happening, but I do.

Well, he should lower them. And at some point, he will. He'd rather not because he's not a fan of mine. You know, he just doesn't like me because I think he's a total stiff. And, you know, it's just one of those things. He should lower them. And I wish the people that are on that board would get him to lower because we are at a perfect time.

It's already late. But he should lower interest rates.

I'm not -- you know, I get to change him very quickly anyway. You know, it's in a very short period of time.

No, no, no. That was a total -- why would I do that? I get to replace the person in another short period of time.

Yeah.

No. I just think he'll do a nice job in the new position. Marco's doing an outstanding job. Now, Marco won't keep -- Marco's very busy doing other things, so he's not going to keep it long term. We're going to put somebody else in. But I think Mike was a -- as you know, he's a fine guy. And I think he'll do a very good job -- knows the countries, knows leadership.

And I think he'll do a very good at the United Nations. And in the meantime, Marco's really doing something special. And it's going to work out very well.

Well, I'd love to have Stephen there, but that would be a downgrade. Stephen is very -- Stephen is much higher on the totem pole than that, in my opinion.

Well, I have a lot of people that want it. I will tell you, I have everybody calling. Everybody wants to be a part of this administration. So at some point we'll -- you know, probably do that. You know, there's a theory. Henry Kissinger did both. There's a theory that you don't need two people. But I think I have some really great people that could do a good job.

He could, yeah. He could. But I think he even would like to probably see -- because it is a little bit different. But in the meantime, he'll handle it. And I think Mike, if that goes forward, you know, he still has to get approved. But I think Mike will do a very good job at the United Nations.

No. Not even a little bit. No. Pete's going to be great. We're --

We're doing a fantastic job against the Houthis, who like blowing ships up and watching them sink in the ocean. We're hitting them very hard. No, he's doing a very good job.

Totally safe.

Is that good?

Yeah, it's really secure.

Isn't that good, though? When you say that, doesn't that just sound good? After being abused for years by an incompetent president that allowed people to pour through an open border, criminals from all over the world, murderers and insane people from mental institutions and insane asylums, isn't it -- isn't it a beautiful thing when you say, "It's the most secure it's ever been in the history of our country." Isn't that a nice statement?

Yeah.

By the way, it means exactly what you said, you know --

Means we have the most secure border we've ever had.

It's not complicated.

Well, the biggest emergency is the courts aren't allowing us to take really --

Well, that's to me the emergency because --

The border now is not the emergency. The border is -- it's all part of the same thing though. The big emergency right now is that we have thousands of people that we want to take out, and we have some judges that want everybody to go to court --

That's all right. I mean, they change. I mean, it's unbelievable. It's unbelievable how that happens, but they do change.

No, no, no. We have an emergency. We have a massive emergency overall. It's an overall emergency on immigration. And the -- if the courts don't allow us to take people out, if we had to have a court case every single -- think of it. Every single person, we have millions of people. If you have millions of court cases, figure two weeks a court case, it would be 300 years.

No. I'm relying on the attorney general of the United States, Pam Bondi, who's very capable, doing a great job. Because I'm not involved in the legality or the illegality. I have lawyers to do that and that's why I have a great DOJ. We have a great one. We had a very corrupt one before. Now we have a great one.

And they're not viewing the decision the way you said it. They don't view it that way at all. They think it's a totally different decision.

Well, I have the power to ask for him to come back if I'm instructed by the attorney general that it's legal to do so. But the decision as to whether or not he should come back will be the head of El Salvador. He's a very capable man.

We may do that. I was asking about that. We may do that. There are some people that say, "Bring him back, put him in trial, and you get him out right away." Because you take -- you see what happened just this morning, tapes came out, horrible tapes from his wife. You don't get much worse than that. You don't get, I mean, he seems certainly like a very dangerous, very bad person.

But even the wife who was so afraid, she was afraid to talk, and all of a sudden tapes got released this morning that were devastating to him.

Well, I'll leave that to the lawyers, and I'll leave that to the attorney general of the United States, because --

-- they're in it. You have to understand. I'm dealing with Russia and Ukraine. I'm dealing with China --

I'm dealing with Iran. I'm dealing with Rwanda and the Congo who are fighting and we're trying to get that one straightened out. And I think we have done that, did a great job. Nobody even talks about it, but I think we're close to doing that. They're looking like they're going to maybe make a peace deal, which was -- would be good.

But I'm dealing with a lot of different things. I don't know much about this gentleman other than I hear he's an absolute not good person. And I have very capable legal people, John Sauer, as you know, and all top people. And I have to rely on that to interpret whatever is said by the Supreme Court. Now with that being said, I have tremendous respect for the Supreme Court.

Look, three of the people are people I appointed.

And I have great respect for the Supreme Court. And I would expect that the attorney general will be doing the right thing.

I don't know. I'm not, I'm not a lawyer. I don't know.

I don't know. It seems -- it might say that, but if you're talking about that, then we'd have to have a million or 2 million or 3 million trials. We have thousands of people that are some murderers and some drug dealers and some of the worst people on Earth.

Some of the worst, most dangerous people on Earth. And I was elected to get them the hell out of here and the courts are holding me from doing it.

I don't know. I have to respond by saying, again, I have brilliant lawyers that work for me, and they are going to obviously follow what the Supreme Court said. What you said is not what I heard the Supreme Court said. They have a different interpretation.

I don't know. You'd have to ask the attorney general that question.

I don't think that'll be necessary, but what you're not saying is that many people have been killed, maimed, badly hurt by illegal immigrants that came over that are from prisons and from jails and from mental institutions. And they're hurting our people. And if we don't get them out, we're not going to have a country for long.

We need honest media, and we need walls. We need to have borders. And, by the way, I built a lot of walls, and if we didn't do that, we wouldn't be able to have those -- you know, we would not be able to have the kind of numbers if I wasn't successful in building hundreds of miles of wall.

Many, many years ago --

Well, it's not a priority for the Democrats because every time we talk about it, they don't want to talk about it because I guess they like it as a political issue. But they're not good at political issues because they still want to have men play in women's sports.

Yeah, but the Democrats don't --

Well, for that, you would need to have support from Democrats, and we have no support from the Democrats.

Yeah, we've had discussions. We would do something. I'd love to put a beautiful immigration for everybody. But the Democrats don't want to approve anything. All they want to do is knock out a tax bill. We're trying to get approved right now the biggest tax cut in the history of our country, and if it doesn't get approved, it's a 68% tax increase, and that's what the Democrats want.

They want a 68% tax increase. It's rather incredible.

Well, he found $160 billion worth of fraud, waste and abuse. I mean, I think he's done an amazing job. I think his people have done an incredible job. They're brilliant people. They know the computer. I actually asked him, "What's their big trait?" He said, "They're unbelievable at computers." In other words, you can't fake them out.

Because these people were in many cases crooks, but it was fraud, waste and abuse. They found -- your question should be asked a different way. "Were certain things found?" Yes. "How much?" $160 billion. Think of what $160 billion is. If you found 160 --

Well, we're not finished yet. We're not finished yet.

Oh yes, of course, sure. He's leaving behind some very brilliant people. They were on television last night. They're super high IQ people. I like high IQ people. The Democrats don't have many of them.

Yeah.

Well, I tell you, I'm going to just follow what the lawyers say. They say that we're allowed to do that, and I'm all for it. But everything I say is subject to the laws being 100% adhered to.

Sure, why not?

We've won a lot of cases.

Well, no. I just look at people -- and I'm not directing anybody. They looked at these two people. They might have known it or they might have heard it from two years ago. One person said, "He knew me so well," he was I think on CNN or MSDNC, but they're both failing networks, you're happy to know. Even though one of them I guess is related to you in one form or another, although, they're trying to cut them loose as fast as possible.

But the -- it was well-known that this one person, it was almost like he was my brother. I don't even know who he is. Maybe he was there. Maybe he was in the Oval Office a few times as a surrogate for somebody in some form of government, along with 25 other people that sat in the back of the room or stood in the back of the room.

I have no idea who this guy is. And he's out there and then he did a book called "Anonymous." Did a book called "Anonymous." I think that's really subversion. I think it's spying, it's something. It's something really bad.

And I think he's been looked at for a long time. And the other one said that the election was so wonderful. Well, it turned out it wasn't a wonderful election. It was a corrupt election.

Did I really say, "I love you?"

I'm sure you're right, but I'd like to see that.

Look --

I want to treat people fairly, whether they voted for me or not. I want to have a unified country. It's very hard because the media's so fake, including, like, even the way you ask questions. Every question is asked in a negative vein. "There's a toy company that took a toddler's you know whatever." But you don't talk about the fact that gasoline is down at numbers that nobody believes possible.

You know why they're down, by the way? Drill baby, drill. We're drilling like crazy right now.

Well, look. Every question you ask says a very negative slant.

And I'm fine for responding to you. I don't think you're very difficult at all to respond to, to be honest with you. But you know what? You should ask some positive things, like, "Sir, it's amazing what you've done with gasoline." Because you know what? Gasoline's big business. A stroller is not big business.

No, not at all. No, we want honest people.

I think you have to do that. And we want honest people in this country.

Well, there you go again. Why don't you ask it a different way? Many people want to come into our country. Many people love Trump. I won the election. They didn't win the election. I got a lot more votes than they did. I won the popular vote. I won all seven swing states by a lot. A lot of people were surprised.

They said, "I think he could win four, maybe five." No, I won all seven, and I won by a lot. And I won. Actually, I think there was a lot of hanky panky going on but it was too big to rig. That's the good news. It's too big to rig. But let me just say, so when you make these statements about, "People say this --" well, they had their chance at the election and they lost big.

So you should ask the question differently --

You should say, "What about the people that want to be in this country? What about the people that love this country?"

Those people are going to be very happy. They're going to have to see some results. And I think we had a great 100 days. There are a lot of people that say it was unprecedented. It was an absolutely unprecedented 100 days. And I hope that they're going to be right.

It's a part of democracy. It is. You're always going to have dissent --

You're always going to have -- Kristen, you're always going to have dissent. There's nothing you're going to do about that. Am I going to get 100% unified? It would be a strange place. I can't even imagine it where 100%. Look. You have people that are good people. They're very smart people. And they honestly believe we should have open borders and the entire world should be allowed to pour into our country.

I think it's a 95/5 issue, but they believe it. They're not even bad people. Some of them are bad. You have people that honestly believe that men should be allowed to play in women's sports. Some of these people I really, actually I don't know any. I haven't been able to find any, but they exist. They say it's an 80/20 issue.

I don't believe that. I think it's a 97 to three issue.

Absolutely. Yeah, I do. That I do.

And I think that happens.

I have been investigated more than any person in the history of the United States of America. I've been investigated more than the late great, as they say at my rallies, Alphonse Capone. Alphonse Capone was a nasty man. He was a -- the highest level gangster. And I have been investigated more than Al Capone, more than anybody.

These people are evil people. And I won. And I'll tell you what. All I want to happen is for the Department of Justice and the FBI. Pam is great and Kash is great. I think they're two great people. But they're their own people. They want to do a fantastic job. And all I want to do and all I want to ask for is that they be allowed to do their job.

I'm not telling them to do anything. And I believe I have the right to do it. I'm, in theory, the top law enforcement officer as the president. We went over this once before, and it turned out I was right. But I'm not looking to use that. We have two great people, and we have many, many incredible people under them.

And I just want them to do their job and do it well.

I don't even know that. What did it surge to --

Yeah. What's it worth? You might as well tell me, because I have no idea.

To what number?

What, billion?

Billion dollars?

What's the number? I mean, what is the amount?

Well, that doesn't mean anything.

Look. I'm in favor of crypto.

You know what I'm in favor of it --

I'm not profiting from anything. All I'm doing is, I started this long before the election. I want crypto. I think crypto's important because if we don't do it, China's going to. And it's new, it's very popular, it's very hot. If you look at the market, when the market went down, that stayed much stronger than other aspects of the market.

But I want crypto because a lot of people, you know millions of people want it. I don't know if you know that Biden went after it violently, and then before the election, he changed his tune entirely. His head of the SEC, everybody changed their tune. You know why? Because there were hundreds of millions of people that are participating in crypto, and they wanted to get their votes.

But it didn't work --

I haven't even looked.

But I'll tell you what. Look, if I own stock in something and I do a good job, and the stock market goes up, I guess I'm profiting. But who really profits is somebody like Nancy Pelosi, who uses inside information. She worked for $175,000 a year, and that's at the high end. And she's worth $150, $200 million?

Okay? You ought to look at Nancy Pelosi and you ought to look at some of these politicians that are stone cold crooks. I was very wealthy when I came in. Being president probably cost me money if you really look. In fact, I do something that no other president has done, they think maybe George Washington has done.

I contribute my entire salary to the government, back to the government. And I'm doing it again.

I never thought of that. I mean, should I contribute all of my real estate that I've owned for many years if it goes up a little bit because I'm president and doing a good job? I don't think so.

But I've done something that surprisingly they say nobody else has done, no other president has done. I give, and it's a substantial salary. It's a half a million dollars a year or $550,000 a year, four years, couple of million dollars. I gave it to the government last time. I never got a story saying I gave it. Nobody cared if I gave it. I guarantee if I didn't give it, there'd be a big story.

But no other president, they say with the possible exception of George Washington, and they haven't been able to find those records. And we've had wealthy presidents before, but no other president has contributed his salary. And they told me before this that you will probably be asking me whether or not I'm going to contribute my salary again.

But you haven't asked that.

Yes.

Yes. I am.

I hope so.

I do believe we're closer with one party, and maybe not as close with the other. But we'll have to see. I'd like to not say which one we're closer to. But we did do a deal for the American people that was good. We were able to get rare earth, you know? The Europeans are getting paid back. They have a loan.

We didn't -- Biden just gave them $350 billion. He has no idea where the money is, what happened. And at least we'll, in one form or another, get our -- yeah, I don't feel so foolish. And remember this, this is Biden's war. This was a war that was never going to happen if I were president. This is a horrible, horrible war.

And I get to see shots of soldiers through, you know, satellite that are so, just so, terrible. 5,000 soldiers are being, look 5,000 soldiers a week on average are dying. They're not American soldiers. But I want to solve the problem. They're Russian soldiers, and they're Ukrainian soldiers. And if I can save 5,000 souls, I just love doing it.

Well, there will be a time when I will say, "Okay, keep going. Keep being stupid and keep fighting."

Sometimes I get close to it, and then positive things happen, okay? So I hope it gets done.

Well, it depends on whether or not Russia is behaving toward coming to a peace. We want a peace deal. We want Russia and Ukraine to agree to a deal. We think we're fairly close, and we're going to save a lot of people from being killed. Going to save a lot of money, too. Because we're spending money like -- you know, Europe is spending a third of the money that we're spending.

And it's more important for Europe than it is for us. Biden had no control. He just sent money over there willy-nilly, nobody had any idea what was happening, why they were doing it, why they were sending it. And it was massive amounts of money.

Russia will have to give up all of Ukraine. Because that's what they want.

No, no. Russia would have to give up all of Ukraine. Because what Russia wants is all of Ukraine. And if I didn't get involved, they would be fighting right now for all of Ukraine. Russia doesn't want the strip that they have now; Russia wants all of Ukraine. And if it weren't me, they would keep going. Do you know that the European Union leaders have asked me to call Putin so many times?

Because he doesn't return their phone call.

Might be.

But you might be tapping me along, too, when you tell me how nice an interview this is going to be. So you know, I'm used to being tapped along.

Did I what?

No, I'll tell you about in a month from now, or two weeks from now. I have no idea. I can tell you this, he's -- his ambition was stopped to a large extent when he saw that it was me that was now leading the charge. Because he wasn't dealing with anybody in Europe, he wasn't calling them back. Do you know that I asked him, I said, "Did Biden ever call you in three years?

Did Biden ever call?" He said, "He never called." You know, Biden didn't call him one time? And all these thousands of soldiers, hundreds, millions of soldiers are dying, and people, not only soldiers. People dying in the cities, and the towns, and the whole heritage of that country is being blown apart.

I mean, the country's heritage is being blown apart. You know the steeples, those beautiful spires that you see, you know the most beautiful in the world? Almost 95% of them are laying in smithereens, all broken up and, so sad, laying all over the ground because they were shot. It's really a bad situation.

And he didn't get one phone call from Biden. The war would've never started. And by the way, for four years it didn't start. I was there for four years, it was the apple of his eye. This was the apple of Putin's eye. There was no chance he would have gone in.

Well, you'll know. I mean, there will be a time when I may say that. And if I do --

-- there may be something. I can't -- maybe it's not possible to do. There's tremendous hatred, just so you understand. Kristen, we're talking tremendous hatred between these two men and between, you know, some of the soldiers, frankly. Between the generals. They've been fighting hard for three years. I think we have a very good chance of doing it.

I don't want to say that now. It's too early to say that. I don't want to get into that argument.

Correct.

No. He called me, he was very nice, and I congratulated him. He had a victory. It's a very close victory. You know, there's no majority or anything, so that's going to make things a little bit difficult, I think, for him to run. But he'd nevertheless had a victory. And he's a very nice man, I think.

He wants to come and see me. He's going to come this week or next week.

I'll always talk about that. You know why? We subsidize Canada to the tune of $200 billion a year. We don't need their cars. In fact, we don't want their cars. We don't need their energy. We don't even want their energy. We have more than they do. We don't want their lumber. We have great lumber. All I have to do is free it up from the environmental lunatics.

We don't need anything that they have. We're giving them -- I asked, I asked Mr. Trudeau -- who I call Governor Trudeau, not Prime Minister, Governor -- I said, "Governor Trudeau, could I ask you one question? Why are we giving you $200 billion? Why are we subsidizing Canada?" If Canada was a state it wouldn't cost us. It would be great.

It would be such a great -- it would be a cherished state. And, if you look at our map, if you look at the geography -- I'm a real estate guy at heart. When I look down at that without that artificial line that was drawn with a ruler many years ago -- was just an artificial line, goes straight across. You don't even realize.

What a beautiful country it would be. It would be great. But, I don't think the American public wants me to pay $200 billion a year to subsidize Canada. Again, remember this, we don't need their cars, we don't need their lumber, we don't need their energy. We don't need anything. We do very little business with Canada.

They do all of their business practically with us. They need us. We don't need them.

Well, I think we're not going to ever get to that point. It could happen. Something could happen with Greenland. I'll be honest, we need that for national and international security. But I think --

-- it's highly unlikely. I don't see it with Canada. I just don't see it, I have to be honest with you.

And by the way, Canada, they spend less money on military than practically any nation in the world. They pay NATO less than any nation. They think we are subsidizing, they think we are going to protect them, and really, we are. But the truth is, they don't carry their full share, and it's unfair to the United States and our taxpayers.

I don't rule it out. I don't say I'm going to do it, but I don't rule out anything. No, not there. We need Greenland very badly. Greenland is a very small amount of people, which we'll take care of, and we'll cherish them, and all of that. But we need that for international security. Do you know, we have Russian boats and we have Chinese boats, gun ships all over the place -- aircraft carriers, gun ships -- going up and down the coast of Greenland.

We need that to be protected. Internationally we need it.

I didn't say that. You asked me a question, "Would you, is there a circumstance?" It could happen. I doubt it will, but it certainly could happen with respect to Greenland.

Total dismantlement.

Yeah, that's all I'd accept. Now, there's a new theory going out there that Iran would be allowed to have civilian -- meaning to make electricity and to -- but I say, you know, they have so much oil, what do they need it for? But you know, I've seen it with other states, where they're looking to do something and they have a lot of oil.

Iran has tremendous energy. You know I put sanctions, if you know that, I put pretty strong sanctions on two days ago, on the oil. The sad part is that if Biden didn't get involved, if we had a competent president, you would've never had the attack on Israel. October 7th would've never taken place. Hamas would've had no money.

Because Iran was broke. And now in a period of four years, during the Biden administration, they became very rich. They have over $300 million cash in the bank. And they had no money. They were ready to make a deal with me, and it's very sad. Because of this rigged election they didn't do it. Just another thing you can mark down to a bad election.

Well that's what people -- I didn't say anything contradictory. I said that people are talking about that. And this is something that's really pretty new in the dialogue. And I'd have to be, you know, my inclination is to say, "What do you need that for? You have a lot of oil."

I think that I would be open to hearing it, you know? Civilian energy, it's called. But you know, civilian energy often leads to military wars. And we don't wanna have them have a nuclear weapon. It's a very simple deal. I want Iran to be really successful, really great, really fantastic. The only thing they can't have is a nuclear weapon.

If they want to be successful, that's okay. I want them to be so successful. And you know, the Iranian people are incredible. I just don't want them to have a nuclear weapon because the world will be destroyed.

You forgot the Panama Canal.

I don't see that as conflict. I think that's good for our country, those things. Look, the Panama Canal was taken over by China, effectively. Now China seems to have left. But the Panama Canal -- think of this deal. We built the most expensive object we've ever built in the history of our country. That was Mount McKinley, they just took away, I just gave it back the name.

But, McKinley made the money, Teddy Roosevelt spent the money. McKinley takes gets very little credit, you know but you know how he made the money? Through tariffs. He was the big tariff president. Okay, but forget that. We built the Panama Canal. It was the most expensive thing. It would be the equivalent, like, almost $2 trillion today.

We've never spent there -- and it was very successful. And Jimmy Carter gave it away for $1.

This is the kind of leadership --

Panama said what? Panama said what?

You know, if you would have gone there about 5.2 months ago, every single sign on the Panama Canal, with the exception of about 15% of them, was in Chinese.

I'm not complaining. You keep saying to me like I'm rushing --

I don't want to rush you. I don't want to make you nervous.

Yeah.

I will say this. So many people want me to do it. I have never had requests so strong as that. But it's something that, to the best of my knowledge, you're not allowed to do. I don't know if that's constitutional that they're not allowing you to do it or anything else. But, there are many people selling the 2028 hat.

But this is not something I'm looking to do. I'm looking to have four great years and turn it over to somebody, ideally a great Republican, a great Republican to carry it forward. But I think we're going to have four years, and I think four years is plenty of time to do something really spectacular.

That's because they like the job I'm doing, and it's a compliment. It's really a great compliment.

Well, there are ways of doing it. There are ways of doing it. And you know the same thing. And if you look at the vice presidential thing, and you hear different concepts and different other people say, "You can have a write-in vote." There's lots of different things. With all of that being said, I want to be a great president.

I will have served -- hopefully everything will go well. I feel very good. I just did a physical. I took -- unlike all other presidents, I took cognitive tests and I aced it. I got 100% correct. And the doctor, one doctor said -- there were numerous doctors watching. And he said, "I've never seen that before." Biden didn't take a cognitive -- he couldn't have gotten the first question right.

But I came out great with the physical, both physically and mentally. And I just want to serve, do a great job. I'll be an eight-year president, I'll be a two-term president. I always thought that was very important, to be honest with you. You know, if you look at President Polk, he was a one-termer and he did some great things, actually.

Pretty good president. And I'm not saying you can't do that. But, there's something about being a two-term president that was very important to me.

Well, in a capacity of being a big supporter, many people have said different things --

But, I'm not looking at that.

No. And -- and just so you understand, four years is a long time. I have almost four years. You know, all of these things that we've done, we've done more than any president -- and even you might admit that. Nobody's done the extent of -- of the things that we've done. Nobody's done this, in essentially a little bit more than three months.

As they say, 100 days. I'm looking to do a great job as president, and set the country on the right track. Because if I didn't win, this country would've failed. We would've been a failed nation.

Greatest in history.

The greatest --

-- political movement in history, MAGA.

Make America Great Again.

Yes, I do.

I think it's so strong. And I think we have tremendous people. I think we have a tremendous group of people. We talked about a number of them. You look at Marco, you look at JD Vance, who's fantastic. You look at -- I could name 10, 15, 20 people right now just sitting here. No, I think we have a tremendous party.

And you know what I can't name? I can't name one Democrat. I mean, I look at the Democrats, they're in total disarray. They have a new person named Crockett. I watched her speak the other day. She's definitely a low IQ person. And they said she's the future of the party. I said, "You have to be kidding." I don't know what they're going to do. And I really believe in a two-party system.

I really -- because it's good to be challenged. It's really good to have a two-party -- you know, it's good. Being challenged is okay. It keeps you sharp. I don't know what they're going to do. They have nobody. Bernie's 87 years old or something. And you know, Biden is the worst thing that ever happened to old people because he was grossly incompetent.

And I think maybe for artificial reasons. You know, he had operations and things. So maybe that's an artificial -- but I know people that are unbelievably sharp and they're older than 87. But I watch Bernie Sanders. He's a nut job, but he's still sharp. He's sharp as -- he's the same guy he was. He hasn't gone down.

But Biden is really -- he's the worst thing to happen to old people.

Well, I -- it's far too early to say that. But you know, I do have a vice president, and typically -- and JD's doing a fantastic job. It --

It -- it could very well be -- I -- I don't want to get involved in that. I think he's a fantastic, brilliant guy. Marco is great. There's a lot of them that are great. I -- I also see tremendous unity. But certainly you would say that somebody's the VP, if that person is outstanding, I guess that person would have an advantage.

But I think the other people would all stay in unbelievably high positions. But you know, it could be that he'd be challenged by somebody. We have a lot of good people in this party.

Well, thank you.

It is a special -- there's no place like it. You look no matter where -- it's just -- there's nothing like it. And it's become really the heart of Florida in a way but certainly the heart of Palm Beach, which is an important place. And I just don't think there's anything more beautiful in this country than Mar-a-Lago as, you know, as a physical object.

It's been amazing, and it's been very successful and very special.

It is. It was built, you know by --

-- E.F. Hutton and Marjorie Merriweather Post. They were married. He was the biggest man on Wall Street, and she was the richest woman in the world actually. And they built it together. And it just -- they picked the best site. They picked the best architects. They had unlimited money, and they built it. Now it's a -- it's a very special place.

And Palm Beach likes me because I saved it. Most of these places were ripped down and 10 or 15 or 20 houses, mansions -- beautiful mansions also but much smaller -- they were built on those sites. And I was able to save this, which is very important.

Right.

Right.

Well, I just went to a great place, University of Alabama, last night. This was some unbelievable evening. And I gave the commencement address, and it's, like, different. Everybody was so awake, so lively, so -- so attractive. And I'm not talking just physically attractive, just there was such an energy in the room.

And it was really nice. You know, I won Alabama by many, many, many points. And they asked me to do it. And they put all of their -- they had nine different, you know, business and law and this and that, all those different things. They put them all -- journalism by the way -- they put them all together, and we were in the big -- that big arena.

And it was tremendous energy. And -- and that's a little bit, you know, to your question, yeah, I think I get out quite a bit. I went to Michigan. I went --

I think I will. But we're talking about the great, big, beautiful bill, you know, that we're trying to get passed. It'll be the biggest tax cuts in the history of our country, and hopefully it'll get done. And the Democrats are fighting us. And if it doesn't get done, it's going to be a 68% tax increase.

So that's going to be the Democrats. But I think we're going to have it done. I think the Republicans are going to vote for it. And it'll be the most consequential bill I think in the history of our country.

Yeah.

I think it is, and I think he's doing a fantastic job. And Mike Johnson, Speaker, is doing a fantastic job, and they're both getting together well. There's great unity in the Republican Party. The Republican Party's a much different party than it was.

Well, we're not doing that. No, we're not --

I would if they were cutting it, but they're not cutting it. They're looking at fraud, waste and abuse. And nobody minds that. If illegal immigrants are in the mix, if people that aren't supposed to be there, people that are non-citizens are in the mix, nobody minds that. Waste, fraud and abuse. But we're not cutting Medicaid, we're not cutting Medicare, and we're not cutting Social Security.

Yeah.

Well, from what I understand -- and first of all, the budget is a very preliminary instrument --

-- and I think that when it's all said and done you're going to see a wonderful budget for everybody, really everybody. I would actually say the middle class probably goes to the fore, and it's about time. But we took care of the middle class during my -- during the original Trump tax cuts we really took care of the middle class.

The people with the least amount of money actually were the biggest -- and this isn't just the middle class. The least amount of money, the poorest people, proportionately gained the most. And that's what we're looking to do here.

No. It depends what education. If you're talking about Harvard, which has a --

-- $53 billion in the bank because of a lot of things that they've been able to do and that the government help them with. That's different. But, no, not education. We're bringing education back to the states.

You know, that's a big thing because education coming back to the states is a very big thing. We're going to bring it back. The United States does not do well with education. We're number 37, 38, 39 and 40 out of 40. And we're going to bring it back to the states and we're going to go to among the top ten I believe.

I would.

Yeah, I would.

I'd like to see it done. I have a little sweet spot in my heart because, as you know, I won young people by 36 points. That's a lot. No Republican ever won young people, and I won it by 36 points, and I focused on TikTok. So perhaps I shouldn't say this, but I have a little warm spot in my heart for TikTok.

TikTok is -- it's very interesting, but it'll be protected. It'll be very strongly protected. But if it needs an extension, I would be willing to give it an extension, might not need it.

Well we're not --

Yeah. Yeah, we --

-- actually have a deal. We have a group of purchasers, very substantial people. They're going to pay a lot of money. It's a good thing for us. It's a good thing for China. It's going to be, I think, very good. But because of the fact that I've essentially cut off China right now with the tariffs that are so high that they're not going to be able to do much business with the United States.

But if we make a deal with China I'm sure that'll be a subject, and it'll be a very easy subject to solve.

I'm going to be very active. I've raised a lot of money for congressmen and senators that I think are good -- really good people. We have some great Republican congressmen and women and senators that love this country, and they're not lunatics like some of these Democrats. What they're doing to the country is incredible.

It's insane. There's something wrong with them. They suffer a major case of Trump Derangement Syndrome. I mean, it doesn't -- nothing matters to them other than that. Yeah, I'm going to be much involved. The interesting thing is -- and nobody can explain why -- but when somebody wins the presidency they seem to lose Congress.

They seem to lose the House and the Senate or --

I don't know why it would be. I think we should do better. But if you look it's pretty consistent that whoever wins the presidency ends up losing the House, losing the Senate. I think we're going to turn that around. I think we're going to turn it around easy. It should be the opposite. If we do a good job, let's say as president if I do a good job, it should be the opposite.

So hopefully we'll dispel that.

Yeah.

It's a long way away. It's a long way. You know, we're in here for a little more than three months. We have a long way to go. I've raised a lot of money. We're having a fundraiser at Mar-a-Lago tonight for exactly that purpose. We want to win the House in bigger numbers. But, you know, we had a one majority three months ago.

Now we have seven because we won a few races. I guess you know that. But we won a few races. But we're up seven now, and we're up -- we have 53 senators. And I think we're going to be in very good position. I expect to win by a bigger margin than we have now.

Well, there should be, but they seem to be stone cold. Look --

-- the one --

-- thing I will say about the Democrats, they stick together. They have horrible policy. Men in women's sports, transgender for everyone, open borders. The craziest policies I've ever seen. But regardless of how crazy they are, they stick together. And I respect that. I think it's a great thing. And I think the Republicans are starting to do that also.

Right.

Yeah --

Sure.

Well, as an example, she did a book and she was number one bestseller for a long time, for many, many weeks. The people love her. She's a very private person, which I respect a lot. She doesn't have to be out. I know people where they have wives in politics and the wife wants to be in front of the husband all day long, waving to everybody.

She's got great confidence in herself and she doesn't need that. But when she goes out. We were out, as you know, last weekend. It was an amazing, amazing day. The people love her. They really respect her, and they love her. Yeah, she'll be very much involved.

Well, she is --

Well, it's still a campaign that's very important to her, and it's sort of a cute name, "Be Best." I said, "That's a strange name," but it's really beautiful and it sort of, you know, means something now that I didn't understand, lot of people didn't understand. And she's done a great job. She's raised a lot of money.

She cares a lot about people, really cares a lot about people --

Well, that was --

Sure. Sure.

They're with me all the way. But I think they were treated very unfairly. Ivanka worked so hard on getting jobs for people. You know, I wanted to make her the head of -- the ambassador to the United Nations. There would be nobody that would be better than her. She said, "Dad, I don't want to do that. I just want to get" -- you know, she worked on getting people jobs.

It sounds good in one way, but it doesn't sound as exciting as other jobs. And she just wanted to do that. And she got hundreds of thousands of jobs for people. It made her so happy. She's a good person. The way they went after Don and Eric, I said, "Just relax," because I thought it was unfair. They went after these kids, and they're really good.

And they're no longer kids, but they're always going to be my kids.

They were treated so unfairly.

Right.

He's a great student. He's doing very well, goes to a great school. But he's doing really well.

Well, you'll have to ask him someday that, but we try and make it as normal as possible. There's nothing normal about it. But he's a very great guy and wonderful kid.

Yeah.

Yeah --

Not for my birthday.

Well, my birthday happens to be on Flag Day. So --

-- I think they're talking about Flag Day. But I view it for Flag Day, not necessarily my birthday. Somebody put it together. But no, I think we're going to do something on June 14th maybe or somewhere around there. But I think June 14th, it's a very important day. It's Flag Day, plus we're going to have different days.

You know, if you look at Russia, they celebrate Victory Day.

If you look at France, I was talking to Prime Minister Macron and he says, "Yes, there's Victory Day, Victory Day." And I say, "Victory Day for what?" "World War II." I said, "Well, we had more to do with winning World War II than any other nation. Why don't we have a Victory Day?" So we're going to have a Victory Day for World War I and for World War II.

And you have breaking news because nobody knows this. We're going to have Victory Day for World War I and for World War II. Well, it's going to start off by saying, "It's Victory Day," because, you know, when other nations, some of which weren't even very successful in the war, they have Victory Days and the United States doesn't. And we're the one that won those wars with the help of others, with the help of others.

But we're going to have a Victory Day for I and II.

Maybe not because --

Well, they took place on very different days, you know. They're about six months apart. So I think you can have two days. This doesn't mean we're going to go and not work and have a national holiday and all of that because we don't have many of those days left. You know, eventually our country will become all national holidays.

But we're going to acknowledge by having days for World War I victory and World War II victory --

You mean, like, on Flag Day?

We're going to have a big, beautiful parade.

Yeah, sure.

We're going to celebrate our military. We have the greatest military in the world --

Peanuts compared to the value of doing it. We have the greatest missiles in the world. We have the greatest submarines in the world. We have the greatest army tanks in the world. We have the greatest weapons in the world. And we're going to celebrate it.

Yeah.

Sure.

Well, the problem with the Rose Garden is the grass is always soaking wet and you can't use it for news conferences. You're supposed to have news conferences, meetings, all this in the Rose Garden. So we're going to put a beautiful stone surface down so that people -- for instance, we had something the other day and it actually didn't rain for three or four days and the women were still getting stuck in the grass.

And we want to put it to work. So we're going to do something in terms of a hard surface. It'll look beautiful, you know --

Where the grass is, where there's --

-- grass is. There's grass in the middle. The roses stay. Everything stays just the way it was, including the limestone paths and everything else. But we had the prime minister of India here and they had a lot of press, and the women were walking out with their shoes full of mud. So we can't have that. The other thing -- and you see what I've done to the Oval Office and that continues, 24-carat gold.

It's beautiful. And we have really gotten -- because I know that people can be fresh and nasty, you know, but we've been getting rave reviews. It was not taken care of the way it should. Now, I have an advantage. I was a really good real estate developer so I know how to get things done. I know how to build it. You'll see it in a minute when you look at the ballroom, which I built at Mar-a-Lago.

But the other thing, and the big thing, is going to be for 50 years they've wanted to build a ballroom at the White House. And they've tried, but the presidents were not real estate people. They had no clue. All you have to do is look at President Obama and look at his museum or library, whatever they call it, in Chicago.

It's a catastrophe. It's way over-budget. Maybe it comes to an end. I don't know what's going on. But it's a disaster because -- and it's not his fault. He's not a real estate person. He doesn't know how to build. I do really well. And what we're going to do, you're going to see the most beautiful ballroom in the world right now when you take a look.

But we are going to make and build a ballroom, which they've wanted for probably a hundred years at the White House. And it'll be a world-class, beautiful ballroom, and they'll use the meeting rooms already existing. And we're going to get that started over the next few months, and it's going to be beautiful.

And it'll be done properly, and I will fund it.

Yeah. Yeah, I'm not going to ask the government for money. I'll fund it, and I'm sure we'll have some donations to it. But it's not an inexpensive thing. It'll cost a lot of money.

It'll be near the -- I guess you would say the East Wing, near the East Wing, a little complicated to explain without a drawing. But we have three or four different concepts, and we're working with great architects, with great planners. And it will be something really beautiful, top of the line.

You know, when they have a party for, like, when the head of China comes in --

-- or the head of anybody, you know, head of anything, they have a party where they have a tent 200 yards away, where people have to walk in the rain to get to a tent. And that's not for us. That's not for the United States of America.

I want my legacy to be very much as the name of MAGA and what it represents. It's called "Make America Great Again." We were a great country for a period of time, and the last four years have been a disaster for the reputation of this country and for the fact of the country. It's been a disaster. We're going to make America great again.

That's all I want to do. I want to make it greater than ever before.

Thank you very much.