We've always had a good chemistry. And, uh, originally JD was probably not for me but he didn't know me. And then when we got to know each other, he liked me maybe more than anybody liked me, and he would stick up for me and he'd fight for the worker as much as I fight for the worker. We just had an automatic chemistry.

And I actually endorsed him in Ohio for the senate, and he ended up winning against a very tough field, a very tough field. And he wrote a book which was a classic, as you know. And it was all about the working men and women and, uh, how they aren't being treated fairly, and he was right about that, and I understood that maybe better than anyone else.

And, uh, we just have had a great relationship. And he had serious competition. We had tremendous people, all of, all of them. Every one of them. But  --

Talented.

Good. Uh, getting much better. We're getting down to the small bandages. Uh, but it was a nasty one and it was a nasty period. That was exactly one week ago from today, exactly. And, uh, you know, when you think about it, it's, uh, that's been a lotta territory covered. Who, who would've th -- thought this was gonna be happening?

But it happened and, uh, I got very lucky. Or God. I think it was God, actually.

Who?

Ah, well, he's right about that. He actually gave me the chart. If I didn't have that chart, I wouldn't have looked to the right, and if I didn't look to the right a very bad thing would've happened.  I wouldn't have been at the convention, I can just about guarantee it.

Now  --

Mm -- hmm.

Yeah.

Well, they wanted to put me on a stretcher. They had a stretcher and they wanted to put me on a stretcher. And I said, "I'm not going on a stretcher," 'cause I just felt it was the ear. And there was lotta blood coming. I, I don't know if you've heard this but the ear causes, they say the most in the body.

He get hit in the ear, uh, better than just about any other place in one way but in another way it bleeds more. And there were a lotta, there was a lotta blood. But I understood. They thought I'd, I was hit elsewhere. I thought it -- They thought I was hit actually in this area. And I wasn't. I said, "I'm telling you I'm okay.

I'm fine. I'm gonna get up. I wanna get up. I'm not gonna be taken out on a stretcher." We had a little argument while I have six guys lying on top of me. I mean, I had some big guys on top of me.

Strong guys too, I can tell you that by their wrist. Their wrist had a little, little  work on it.

Uh, and brave guys because they ran onto that stage very quickly. I was down for the most part 'cause I, when I looked at my hand I knew it was, I knew it was something very serious. I put my hand up, I looked at it, it had blood all over it. But I had a lot of big, strong humans on top of me, and they were very brave humans 'cause they were running into fire.

And he kept going. Uh, he probably thought he hit, uh, but it hit the ear. And when I saw that I got down pretty quickly I think. I also think people were starting to shout. It's one of the reasons I was able to go down so fast. Because it almost is amazing that, that move of checking here and going almost immediately down.

I think so, probably people were shouting at the same time. Who knows? It was bedlam. And I was down and I said, "Let's get going. Come on, let's go." And the shooting had stopped, so I assumed they probably got him, and they did get him. I believe they got him with one shot, one shot from a- An unbelievable shot.

Now they would've done it earlier. Maybe doing it earlier is hard because they haven't, it's hard to shoot somebody when you're not 100% sure. But they get him. And had they not gotten him it coulda been a lot worse situation. But, uh, two great men were very badly hurt. I've gotten to know them. And two -- And one, Corey was, uh, as you know, killed.

And, uh, you could've had, you could've had a lot more than that if he didn't -- But so they took him out. So now we're getting up, I said, "I'm not, I'm not lying on the stretcher. I'm not gonna do that." So enforced my way up. And, uh, once I was up I realized, 'cause I looked, everybody was stunned. You know, we had thousands and thousands of people.

Uh, a good group in the back but they were great. You know, it was just like a backdrop. And nobody stampeded. Nobody ran. You know, usually when they hear a shot -- If you go to any, where people that do this for a living, it's called crowds, and they said when a bullet goes off everybody starts running for the exits.

Nobody ran, including the thousands, I mean, tens of thousands of people were in front.

And nobody ran. And nobody ran in back. The back was like a sample of it. And yet one man and the man dressed in black, I mean, they're  all becoming famous people, with a black hat, and he's, he's looking like this, he's standing up, "Where are they?" And he starts pointing. This man had no fear.

And m- none of them did. And the women were incredible. Some went down, they, you know, for a little cover, but nobody ran. And everyone that went down came up.

And they thought I was in trouble. They -- And they were right. But they thought I was in trouble 'cause they saw the blood immediately because it was over here.

Yeah.

Yeah. Oh, it was amazing. But it was love too. It was just --

-- they didn't, they didn't move. But when I came up, they saw me come up and they thought it was over. They thought it was over when I went down because they saw the blood immediately. And then when I put the hand up everybody was happy. That was the time -- That was when they realized, uh, I was okay. And it's just an incredible country.

Ah, it was a beautiful moment.

Yes.

-- he did.

It was good. It was a nice conversation. He, uh, he said, uh, "You're lucky you turned to the right." So I was in -- It was -- You know, obviously somebody briefed him. Uh, but he did say that to me, he said, "You're lucky you turned to the right." I said, "I think so." Uh,  --

Well, I guess maybe, certainly to a certain extent it would. Wouldn't it be nice?

Yeah.

No, nobody mentioned it. Nobody said there was a problem. And I woulda waited for 15. They coulda said, "Let's wait for 15 minutes, 20 minutes, five minutes, something." Uh, nobody said. I think that was a mistake. Uh, the, uh, uh, the Secret Service s- they call them snipers, but he was, you know, world -- class shot.

Uh, I guess he didn't wanna take the shot. I can understand that one a little bit because maybe he didn't see, you know, maybe he doesn't know. You don't wanna shoot somebody if the person's not, not going to be carrying a gun. I don't know if they had a gun. Um, they had a policeman that actually saw the man with a gun, and you would've thought that, uh, the woulda been conveyed to other people.

So there were some, there were some mistakes. But I can tell you this, uh, just to go on the more positive side. The people on the stage were unbelievable and brave. The, they were all Secret Service that came running up. And they were running past bullets. Bullets were, when I went down, bullets were coming over my head.

And you hear them. It's like zip, zip. Uh, so I'm lucky I went down fast. But I don't even consider that the lucky part. I consider the lucky part turning exactly right in the one position where, you know, you're gonna get hit here but you're not gonna get hit in the wrong location, which is, you know what that is.

I know many people in the FBI, they're great. But they tend to be at the mid -- and lower levels.  They're unbelievable.

And they're --

-- they MAGA. Believe me, they're MAGA. They're Make -- American -- Great -- Again people. Uh, but, uh, you know, there's some things going on with our government that we have to really worry about. Uh, did we have enough people? Why didn't we have enough people? Somebody said that a lot of people were put on Biden's, uh, detail.

The problem is Biden doesn't draw anybody. He draws flies. He draws --

-- nobody. And, you know, you don't need very many people for that because he does not draw. You know, like --

-- 30 people show up. And we have 55, 60 thousand people show up. And so you --

-- have to take care of those big crowds.

Well, you just don't know. Uh, he doesn't -- It doesn't look like it doesn't. But now we're finding out that he had some encrypted phone numbers, and to foreign countries, which a little bit surprises me. When you look at him, uh, he was somebody that was bullied in school and, you know, y- you, you hear all different stories.

I would say probably he was a loner. But you don't know that. Uh, they have to check out the phone numbers. They have to check out the phone. I think they were able to break into his phone, I think, I hope, I would hope so. For inssass -- for, for a, a crime like this you have to be able to break into a phone.

You know, because they pride themselves on not allowing people to break in. And government can't get in. Apple can let you in. So I don't know exactly what happened. But, uh, assassination is big  stuff. And you have to get to it. So we'll see what happens. But, uh, it just should've been when you have a r- e -- essentially a flat, open roof like that and it's direct at the target with absolutely nothing in its way, how can somebody be up there?

And he was up there for a long period of time, because they have tape of him moving all over the place. And then they see him and they don't report him. Who was the, who was the policeman or the, I guess it was local police, who looked at him, saw him standing with a gun? I think the guy saw him and this guy dropped off the roof.

And I don't blame him for that. What I do blame him f- his, his, why is he crawling? Everybody screaming and say, "There's a guy with a gun up there!" W- What did they -- What did he do when he dropped off the roof? Did he just go away and say, like, nothing? That's a big, you know, that's a big factor.

Who was he, and why did he do that? Why didn't we know about that? 'Cause I would've -- You know, oftentimes, based on weather and based on other things, they'd say, "Sir, would you wait 10 minutes before you go out, please?" We never had case like this but certainly if they said, "Would you wait five, 10, 15, 20 minutes because we have a possible problem, unlikely but possible?" Uh, I wish somebody would've done that because, uh, Corey would be alive and two people that were --

-- seriously hurt would not be hurt. And, uh, we wouldn't have had all of the things that we've gone through over the --

-- last period of time.

I would, yeah, sure. Uh, there's nothing, there should be nothing to hide here.

I think, frankly --

-- yeah, but, but I think, frankly, m- many things are known right now. But some of the things that are known are bad. How did somebody get on that roof? And why wasn't he reported? Because people saw that he was on the roof. And you had, uh, Trumpers, screaming. The woman in the red, in the red shirt, she was screaming, "There's a man on the roof!"

And then other people, they said, "There's a man on the roof who's got a gun!" And that was quite a bit before I walked onto the stage. So you would've thought somebody would've done something about it.

She came to see me, actually. And, well, I mean, it went very nicely. She was very nice, I thought. But, you know, somebody should've made sure there was nobody on that roof. That roof was a dead aim right onto the stage. And they said they didn't have the manpower for it, which is crazy. 130 yards is like sinking a one -- foot putt.

It's considered really close.

It sounds like a lot but it's really, from that standpoint, it's a very, you know, it's very close. And I was surprised by that, actually. They said it's really, it's a, uh, a bad shot would usually hit the target. And, uh, so, I mean, you sh -- it's gotta be, somebody's gotta be there. And it's essentially a flat roof from it. I noticed that she said, "Well, this is sloped roof." Well, you think of like a barn where you have a- This thing had just a little, a little upswing in it, a few degrees.

This was a not -- Essentially it was a flat roof. So I don't know, somebody gave her false information when she talked about the slope of the roof. Uh, I thought she was very nice. But, you know, you have to answer why couldn't I have stayed off the stage for five minutes while they do their work? Why couldn't -- Uh, you know, how does a situation happen where a roof that's plainly in sight from the location where I was speaking, why would somebody not have seen that?