We'll have to cut back.

Thank you very much. And they love you, too, and for good reason because you have a spirit, and you get it at the same time. You're both angry but a happy warrior, nevertheless, because you see what's happening with our country, where millions of people coming in from jails and from -- from -- you know, they take their -- their convicts off the street.

They take their killers, their murderers, their drug dealers. They empty their jails, and they empty their mental institutions. And then, you add terrorists on top of it. And they're all being dumped into our country. And if you say it and you don't have a nice smile on your face, they say, "Oh, he's angry."

You know, they were saying at the debate, I did well, but I looked angry. I said, "You're supposed to be angry. How can you be happy?" Twenty-one million people came into our country --

From prisons, from jails, from mental institutions, and terrorists are pouring into our country. And you look at the crime rate of these countries all over the world, it's way down because they've given us -- they're criminals. And then, they say, why aren't you happy? I'm not thrilled, and you're not thrilled.

Right.

Well, what's happened there is incredible. You have a beautiful little town of around 50,000 people, and they put 25,000, 30,000 people there that come from a very different part of the world.

And then, I watched some of the city officials were saying, "Yes, we're looking for interpreters. We're looking for teachers." They can't afford that, and they shouldn't be there. And you have to send them back. We can't take this. We can't do this as a nation anymore. And I know it's maybe sounds harsh to some people. And to some people, it sounds very smart.

It is actually smart. But, you know, you're not going to teach them English. They have no English, they have no anything. And we're going to now -- they were looking for interpreters, they were looking for teachers so that they can teach them English. No, no. They have to leave, 100 percent of them have to leave.

And they have to be very nicely brought back to their country. But we cannot have them in any other town either. And you have a similar problem but even more violent because you have Venezuelans that have guns that are military doesn't even have. I mean, they have AK-47 supreme. You know what supreme means? I mean, that's all the bells and whistles.

Yeah. You almost say -- maybe beyond.

And you almost say, "Where do they get this stuff?" And they're going into town. This is Aurora in Colorado, and you have a governor who's petrified. He's petrified, he's afraid to do anything. And he really can't because his party is saying leave them alone. But these people are taking over apartment buildings with guns. They're in the real estate business, right.

The city manager, well, you know, I've seen too many tapes.

It's probably -- they're afraid they're going to hurt the image of the city. What hurts it more is what's happening, and, you know, people are going to be dying very soon. And this is happening in many -- these are two places, Springfield and Aurora. These are two really nice places until this happened.

And they all came in. But this is happening in hundreds, probably thousands of different towns and cities --

Throughout our country. And we got to take them out and bring them back, and we have no choice. And I guess there'll be certain exceptions you can make, but I don't see a lot of them. But if you look at Springfield, where like 25,000, 30,000, they almost doubled their population, and they're looking for teachers. Instead of looking --

Instead of looking for people to help get them out.

And it's -- it's a terrible situation. Our country -- if I'm not elected, our country will never be the same. I can tell you that right now you know that maybe --

Well, how about New York City? So, for 20 years, I've been hearing they don't have much money to do things. And now, they're spending billions of dollars. And they're not getting it from the federal government, which is incredible. And they're spending billions. I'm saying, "Where did they get this money?" But they're spending billions of dollars on -- I hear different numbers.

I hear 60,000 people. That's a lot. You know, that's filling up Yankee Stadium, in all fairness. I hear 120,000, I hear 200,000. I hear numbers probably closer to 200,000. But they're spending many billions of dollars. And amazingly, they seem to be able to get the money, and they're not getting it from the federal government, but --

Sustain what's going on.

And more importantly, the crime that's happening. And, you know, when they corrected me in the debate because I said crime is at a level that we've never seen before, it turned out I was right.

And somebody over at the Justice Department, where they have the statistics like Donald Trump because the FBI said that actually crime was going down. But they didn't include places like Chicago --

They -- they didn't include various very, very bad cities in terms of crime. And they released the real numbers including everything. And, you know, murders are up like 40 percent, and muggings are up way through the roof. Every -- the numbers are the worst we've ever had. So, I turned out to be right.

And I haven't had an apology, to the best of my knowledge, from ABC or the FBI.

And beyond.

OK, under certain circumstances, and beyond.

Including the potential vice president. Can you believe this guy --

Has the potential to become president. It's -- and he's a whack job. He is a whack. He's a crazy guy.

Yeah, he's a bad -- and I think he's also a bad guy. I thought it was a terrible pick, we'll find out.

You know, if it's -- if she makes it, it was a good pick. Well, if she doesn't make it, I think it was a terrible pick. But I think it was a -- well, especially after you get to know him because there's something wrong with him.

Well, I'm not a fan of his, but he would have been a better pick.

I mean, I've seen him, and a lot of people aren't liking the job he's doing. But you know what? He would have been a better pick. I think anybody would have been a better pick than what they have now.

Yeah.

Yeah, I haven't heard that, but it's being talked about in a lot of different places. We'll take a look, but that's pretty incredible, isn't it?

Well, where are they going to get it? And as you know, in Los Angeles, they're talking about it, and they have no money.

Right? So it's going to be a hot topic.

We had a rigged debate. We have a rigged election. We have bad borders. We have very bad elections. We have a bad voting system. We have mail-in ballots. And, you know, it's very interesting. I read the other day, the post office is saying how bad it is. The post office is critiquing themselves saying we're really in bad shape.

We can't deliver the mail. And they're not even talking about mail-in ballots, right? Well, we're going to dump millions and millions of ballots. And I'm saying to myself, how can they be taking the vote and they can't -- they are saying they're in very bad shape, that they cannot deliver the mail well.

And we're relying on them. And I said, "You know, we ought to go to court and we ought to bring a lawsuit because they're going to lose hundreds of thousands of ballots, maybe purposely or maybe just through incompetence." But we have a lot of our votes come in many, many big percentage whatever it may be, but a tremendous percentage, much more than half come in with the mail-in voting.

And we have the post office say they can't do the job. So, wouldn't you have to make a change?

Well they've always been a very Democrat union. That's the way it is.

We have people that like us, too, but it's always been very Democrat. Anytime you have mail in voting, you're going to have fraud. And even Jimmy Carter said that he --

The Carter Commission, right, where they had some pretty good people. I think Scoop Jackson and some others.

Well, some did allow, and they got out of it.

Doesn't work.

France had 39 million votes. And they didn't do it anymore, and they had a perfect election. They knew who won it by 10 o'clock in the evening, 39 minutes. So, that's bigger than generally the states, right?

I guess almost all of them, including California. So, it's bigger. But France had a very successful election in terms of the ballots. At 10 o'clock, it was won and it was lost. Everybody went home and that was the end of it. And by the way, it cost you less than 10 percent the cost. You know, if you do just like paper ballots, voter ID, also citizenship, but you don't do the whole thing with the machines and the mail-in, you spend about 8 percent and you get a more accurate.

Do you ever see these machines where they announce that they should be able to have the vote within the next two or three weeks? And if you had mail-in ballots, you would have it that night? It's crazy. And they do it because it's a very corrupt system.

They do? Who won.

It's OK, we don't want to find out if --

Yup.

Well, I don't trust the system at all. They are horrible, horrible cheaters. They were in the last election.

And probably they were in 2016, but they didn't cheat enough, you know?

Well, in 2016, Hillary Clinton went around. She was furious. She said, "Why didn't you do this for me?" Because it was a pretty close election. And she's saying why -- she was an angry woman, she's saying, "Why didn't you do this for me? Create some ballots."

By the way -- yeah, that's right and everybody else, every other Democrat. You know, I think 62 percent of the people in Congress and the Democrats in Congress said, and nobody ever calls them out.

In Georgia, you had the governor, right, Stacey, She was saying it was rigged. It was this, it was that. Nobody calls them out. They only call me out. No, it's a very unfair system. It's a very corrupt system. It's a very bad system. You know, you need borders. We really don't have good borders. We -- I had great borders.

You know, my all-time favorite chart that I pulled down that day --

Flying bullet. But that -- it really saved my life. It was -- so you could say immigration saved my life, if you think.

Well, I think that, too, because a lot of people are saying that and maybe saved my life because they want to save this country.

Screaming more and more, and I was up there for about an hour.

They were screaming more. And I'm saying, "I was here for an hour and 45 minutes." Oh, so it's so sad to see. The press is so corrupt. I didn't realize that they said that.

But she said that just as a way of -- you know, she said, "Oh, the people leave." Nobody leaves. I mean --

When I say nobody, I mean, virtually, nobody leaves.

I make a joke sometimes. Please don't get up and go to the bathroom because you'll have a place with 50,000 or 60,000 seats, and they'll all be occupied. If somebody goes to the bathroom, the cameras will go right on those.

He didn't fill it up. So, no, they're very dishonest people. It's sad. The press is so dishonest. Borders are bad, elections are bad, the press is bad. And you can't do worse than that, but we're going to straighten it out.

Too big to rig is a big deal, and that's true. You can't -- at a certain point, you can't get away with it.

But they -- they get away with a lot of things. They gave millions -- I mean millions of votes. We did so well. You know, we got millions of votes more the second time than we did the first time.

Everyone said, oh, 2016 was so good. I did much better in 2020.

I will say though, just to wrap it up, but I will say that, there is a spirit now that even 2020 and 2016 didn't have and that's because they've seen how bad it is. You know, they didn't have anything to compare it to, right? Because I had a very successful four years. So, they had really nothing to compare it to now.

They see the incompetence of him and her. She's worse than him. Oh, comrade Kamala is, I think, worse than Joe.

But you're right, and I believe that. But she's still worse.

Because she actually believes it.

It's a big combination of both. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you.