Did they have a good time?

That was 101,000.

No, about the same -- oh, it's bigger than the festival? Well, you like this?

Somebody just handed me this. Look, a bobblehead from Las Vegas. Can we honor Dana White, right?

I'll give you guys hats. You have this?

You want a drink.

Scotch?

So I've got 32 days with zero break. And we have another 23 days left. And I'm going to go with zero break. In theory, you should collapse. But I view it differently, I would feel very guilty if I sat at home doing nothing, one day or two days out of 23. And the prize is the presidency and making America great again, right? And people say, "Oh no, no, you should take a break."

She takes two, three days off a week. I couldn't do that. It's too important.

That's very good. I love that. They're always working.Show it to them, that's good.

We're going to --

Will you put it up on my site?

Yeah, put it up.

No, do it now.

Do it. Get it up.

Oh, is that a new one?

You couldn't act it as good as that?

See these are modern day stars.

He'll call back.

I'm with your favorite people, the Nelk Boys. They're having a good time at my expense. They're having a good time on my plane. We just landed. It's a little rougher landing. That's a little rougher landing than Dana would have. So, I'm here with your friends, the Nelk Boys. And they are the modern-day Johnny Carson, right? I can't say Jimmy Kimmel and these losers.

You know they have no ratings. How much he hates me --

Where did we land? I don't know. Where are we?

No, we're in Vegas. I don't even know. This was a great rally today, Dana.

Yeah. I had to put out a little extra because I had the Nelk Boys, the freaking Nelk Boys. I had everybody in Hollywood. This was the craziest -- you had a good time, fellas, right?

Here, do you want to say something?

Well, I let him ride in the plane, Dana. I don't let too many people ride in the plane. I'll be honest with you. I don't want to wear out.

You know, I have very good leather. I don't want to wear it out with these guys with their jeans, with the buttons on their jeans and stuff. I don't like it. I don't like it against my leather, actually. Anyway, but when is your next fight, please?

We -- we need a little entertainment here?

Jon Jones. What time are we leaving tomorrow, fellas?

Ten. Want to come over?

Dana, you know, it's too early, sleep. No, no, sleep. I'd just love to have breakfast with you. For the first time in about 10 years, I watched boxing. When you get used to the other stuff, it's very slow. Not the same thing, you know.

So, Dana, you are the greatest of all time. We all love you. We want to call you and break your choppers. What time do you get up in the morning generally, Dana? Like one in the afternoon?

You know, I talk about Biden. Here's one thing I don't have. He goes to the beach every day. You know those little aluminum chairs that -- they're meant for children and old people because they're so light. They weigh about three ounces. He puts his head back, and he's sleeping within like a minute. And I said I wish I had that ability.

How about a guy goes to the beach at 82 in a bathing suit almost every day? This is not going to be a great -- do you think President Xi of China does that, Dana? I don't think so. These guys are great. I think they're extremely happy with the treatment I gave them. So long, Dana, I'll talk to you tomorrow. You're the greatest.

So long. We got to win here. The country is finished. If she ever won, this country is finished, and I'll say that to the Nelk Boys.

If she wins, the country is finished. It's totally finished.