Well, first of all, I don't think I've ever been asked a question so -- in such a horrible manner, a first question. You don't even say, "Hello, how are you?" Are you with ABC? Because I think they're a fake news network, a terrible network. And I think it's disgraceful that I came here in good spirit. I love the Black population of this country.

I've done so much for the Black population of this country, including employment, including opportunity zones with senator Tim Scott of South Carolina, which is one of the greatest programs ever for Black workers and Black entrepreneurs. I've done so much. And, you know -- and I say this, historically Black colleges and universities were out of money.

They were stone-cold broke, and I saved them. And I gave them long-term financing, and nobody else was doing it. I think it's a very rude introduction. I don't know exactly why you would do something like that. And let me go a step further. I was invited here, and I was told my opponent -- whether it was Biden or Kamala, I was told my opponent was going to be here.

It turned out my opponent isn't here. You invited me under false pretense. And then you said, "You can't do it with Zoom. Well, you know, where's Zoom? She's going to do it with Zoom, and she's not coming. And then you are half an hour late. Just so we understand, I have too much respect for you to be late.

They couldn't get their equipment working or something was wrong.

I think it's a very nasty question. I have answered the question. I have been the best president for the Black population since Abraham Lincoln.

That's my answer.

That's my answer. And for you to start off a question-and-answer period, especially when you're 35 minutes late because you couldn't get your equipment to work, in such a hostile manner, I think it's a disgrace. I really do. I think it's a disgrace.

Hostile manner. I think it's a disgrace. I really do. I think it's a disgrace.

How do you -- how do you define DEI? Go ahead. How do you define it? Diversity, equity, and inclusion? OK. Yeah. Go ahead. Is that what your definition -- give me a --

Give me a definition then. Would you give me a definition of that? Give me a definition of that.

No, no. You have to define it. Define the -- define it for me if you would.

Well, I can say no. I think it's maybe a little bit different. So, I've known her a long time indirectly, not directly very much. And she was always of Indian heritage, and she was only promoting Indian heritage. I didn't know she was Black until a number of years ago when she happened to turn Black, and now she wants to be known as Black.

So, I don't know. Is she Indian, or is she Black?

But you know what? I respect either one. I respect either one, but she obviously doesn't. Because she was Indian all the way, and then all of a sudden, she made a turn and she went -- she became a Black person.

And I think -- I think somebody should look into that, too, when you ask -- continue in a very hostile, nasty tone.

I -- I really don't know. I mean, I really don't know. Could be. Could be. There are some, and there are plenty. I know this lady right over there, Harris, is a fantastic person who just interviewed me at length. And we had a great interview, I think. And I heard you got very good ratings on that interview.

My message is to stop people from invading our country that are taking, frankly, a lot of problems with it. But one of the big problems -- and a lot of the journalists in this room I know and I have great respect for, a lot of the journalists in this room are Black. I will tell you that coming -- coming from the border are millions and millions of people that happen to be taking Black jobs.

You had the best --

A Black job is anybody that has a job. That's what it is. Anybody that has a job.

And they're taking -- they're taking the employment away from Black people. They're coming in, and they're coming in. They're invading. It's an invasion of millions of people, probably 15 million, 16 million, 17 million people. I have a feeling it's much more than that. And -- and everybody's been seeing what's happened.

The first group of people, the Black population is affected most by that. And Kamala is allowing it to happen. She's the border czar. She's the worst border czar in the history of the world. There's never been a border czar like this. She's never even essentially been -- she said she was there once but not the right part of the border.

So, she was a border czar. She's done a horrible job. These people are coming into our country, and they're taking Black jobs and Hispanic jobs. And frankly, they're taking union jobs. Unions are being very badly affected by all of the millions of people that are pouring into our country. And one thing as we discussed, many of these people are coming in from mental institutions, from prisons, from jails, their gang members in other countries.

Other countries are setting loose their prisoners. They're opening up their prisons and their mental institutions, and they're taking their -- their bad people, drug dealers, gang members, and they're bringing them into the United States.

And, by the way, their crime rate is going down, and our crime rate is going to be a disaster.

That's true.

Yeah.

So, first of all, it's very hard to hear you for whatever reason because of the fact that they have bad equipment because I guess, you know, this woman was unable to get the right equipment. But it's very hard for me to hear you, but I can hear every other word. It's very difficult, actually. But -- so, I don't know if they can fix it or do something with it, but I'll do the best I can with it. The inflation is absolutely destroying our middle class, our working class, virtually every class.

Inflation is a disaster in our country. Inflation is a country buster. It breaks every country. And we had, in my opinion, the worst inflation we've had. They say it's 58 years, but I think it's much more than that. It's been devastating. And if you just take a look at a lot of things they don't include like interest rates, interest rates went from 2.4 percent to 10 percent, and you can't get the money.

People can't buy houses. They no longer have the American dream. Young people, young Black people, they don't have the American dream anymore. They can't buy a house. They can't borrow the money because of the cost of the money. They can't buy because of the cost of housing, because of the cost to build it, because of inflation.

Inflation is a disaster, and it's destroying our country, and it's destroying the Black community probably as much or more than any --

You know what we have to do? We have to bring down the cost of energy, and that's going to bring down the cost of inflation. This was all started with a bad energy policy by Joe Biden. By the way, just -- if I might, I was running against a man named Biden. You probably saw that. And he was losing very badly in the polls, and then he had a rather bad debate.

I would say it was a bad debate. I would say it was one of the worst -- worst debates in history. And his poll numbers crashed. And instead of saying, you know, let's keep going and maybe something happens the other way, they said, "Oh, we're going to replace him. Let's just replace him." That's like you're in a fight, a price fighter's in a fight, he's not doing -- well, you say, "Let's bring in another fighter." So, our whole campaign was steered toward him, and now, we have to steer it to her.

But, ultimately, it's the same because they have bad policy. They have policies of open borders, unbelievable open borders, horrible energy policies. They want to get rid of, as you -- open borders, horrible energy policies. They want to get rid of, as you say, gasoline in cars. They want to get rid of oil.

They want to get rid of efficient -- efficient heating.

Environmentally, what they're doing is killing our country. They are absolutely destroying our country. But the inflation is the thing that's hurting the Black worker, the Black population, and every other population within our country. Inflation is the worst it's been, I think, in over a 100 years, And they'll fact check it. They'll say it's only 58. Whatever it may be, they don't add all the numbers.

They don't add the really bad numbers, and you can check that, too. But inflation, Harris, is absolutely destroying this country and the people in our country. Yes, ma'am.

Yes. And that's very clear now. Go ahead.

It's very clear. I hear you.

Immunity?

I -- I don't know the exact case, but I saw something, and it didn't look -- it didn't look good to me. It didn't look good to me. Are you talking -- with the water, right?

It didn't --

OK. OK.

And they're -- they're going to be charging the officer. I guess they're charging the officer.

Well, he might not. I mean, it depends. It depends on what happens. I'm talking about people that are much different cases. For example, last -- a few weeks ago, July 4th weekend, they had 117 shootings and 17 deaths. Nobody wants that. Nobody wants that. We need to have our police officers have the respect and dignity back.

In this particular case, I saw something that didn't look good to me. I didn't like it. I didn't like it at all.

Well, right now, for the most part -- for the most part, people are protected by their unions, by their police unions, or by their police departments. But I'm saying if -- if I felt or if -- if a group of people would feel that somebody was being unfairly prosecuted because the person did a good job, maybe with crime, or made a mistake, an innocent mistake -- there's a big difference between being a bad person and making an innocent mistake.

But if somebody made an innocent mistake, I would want to help that person.

You go after somebody and it's a very close call and it's very dangerous. And, you know, they have -- the policeman's life and woman is a very difficult thing because, sometimes, you have less than a second to make a, you know, life-and-death decision. And sometimes, very bad decisions are made. They're not made from an evil standpoint, but they're made from the standpoint of they made a mistake.

Well, I've been prosecuted because I'm a political opponent of two people that have weaponized our justice system. I've been prosecuted. I just won the big case in Florida. Everyone said that was the biggest case. That was the most difficult case, and I just won it. Now, Biden has a similar case, except much worse.

I was protected under the Presidential Records Act. Biden wasn't because he wasn't president at the time, and he had 50 years worth of documents. And they ruled that he was incompetent, and therefore, he shouldn't stand trial. And I said, isn't that something? He's incompetent and he can't stand trial, and yet, he can be president.

Isn't that nice?

But they released him on the basis that he was incompetent. They said he had no memory, and he was a nice old guy, but he had no memory, and, therefore, we're not going to prosecute him. I won the case, and it got very little publicity. I didn't notice ABC doing any publicity on it, George. George "Slopadapoulos."

I didn't notice you do any publicity on it at all. I won the case, the biggest case. This was -- this is an attack on a political opponent. I have another one where I have a hostile judge --

No. Excuse me. You're the one that held me up for 35 minutes, just so you understand.

No. I know this. He is very family oriented, and he thinks family is a great thing. That doesn't mean he thinks that if you don't have a family, it's not -- I know people with families. I know people with great families. I know people with very troubled families. And I also know people with no families. They didn't meet the right person.

Things happen. You go through life, you don't meet the right person.

Excuse me. And some of those people --

That's all right. I'm just speaking for myself.

I think I'm speaking for him, too. He strongly believes in family. But I know people with great families. I know people with not great families that don't have a family. And the people without the family are far better. They're superior in many cases, OK? He's not saying they're not. What he's saying is that he thinks the family experience is a very important thing.

It's a very good thing. But that doesn't mean that if you grow up and you grow older and you don't meet somebody that would be wonderful to meet and would have been good, that that's a bad thing. He's not saying that. He -- my interpretation, you'll have to ask him, actually. But my interpretation is he's strongly family oriented, but that doesn't mean if you don't have a family, there's something wrong with it.

Well, no. But it's not something I have ever heard before. I can tell you this. Right now, you have illegal aliens coming into our country, many from prisons and many from mental institutions, and they want to give them votes. I don't think they should have votes. They came into our country illegally.

And they're taking the vote away from all of the people in this room that have been here a long time, that have worked hard, that in many cases -- and you'll see this happening. If I'm not elected, you're going to see it happening. If I am, you're not going to have any problem. But you're going to see it happening a long time.

You're going to see the -- people in this room and people outside of this room are going to be losing their jobs to people that have come into this country illegally.

Why didn't I --

I chose him because --

I'll tell you why. I chose him because he's a very strong believer in work and the working man and woman and especially the working man and woman who have been treated very unfairly because you have many of them, many of them in this room. But you have many of those people. They were treated very unfairly.

They worked very hard, and they were treated unfairly. He wrote the book that became a bestseller. The movie became a smash hit. He's a very smart guy without the benefit of having a family that has contacts like a father that was well connected. He got into Yale Law School. He graduated in two years from Ohio State, summa cum laude.

I mean, you take a look at -- you know, his career has been an amazing career. He started off at a level with a -- a difficult family situation, very difficult with the mother and the father and everything else. He ends up going to Yale Law School and was one of the top students, became the head of the law journal.

I mean, that's an amazing thing. He went -- he's a four-year -- he was in the military with great distinction for four years. Got out, went into business, became successful in business, very successful in business, actually, did public offerings and other things. And I -- I -- you know, I have to believe in that.

I mean, he's somebody that was born in a rough situation. Most of the people know that situation because it was very well documented in his book. And I have a lot of respect for somebody that can get into Yale and become one of the best students in Yale that meets a young woman at Yale who was also outstanding.

And they get married. They have a beautiful family, but he had a -- you know, he's made himself an amazing life. He then gets -- goes to Ohio, lives in Ohio, and he had my endorsement. That helped. But he wins the Senate. He becomes a United States senator. So, he's a United States senator.

And so, Harris, like I respect you for your success, I respect people for their success.

Yeah.

I'm sorry. I cannot understand. Your microphone is so muffled.

I mean, it's just -- I can understand you perfectly.

I can understand you.

But I can't understand Harris.

Because of the distance and the mics are really in lousy shape, but I cannot understand what you're saying.

Yep.

Does he what?

I've always had great respect for him and for the other candidates, too. But I will say this, and I think this is well documented. Historically, the vice president, in terms of the election, does not have any impact. I mean, virtually no impact. You have two or three days where there's a lot of commotion as to who, like you're having it on the Democrat side, who it's going to be. And then that dies down, and it's all about the presidential pick.

Virtually, never has it mattered. Maybe Lyndon Johnson mattered for different reasons of what we're talking about, not for vote reasons, but for political reasons, other political reasons. But, historically, the choice of a vice president makes no difference. You're voting for the president, and you can have a vice president who's outstanding in every way.

And I think JD is. I think that all of them would have been. But -- but you're not voting that way. You're voting for the president. You're voting for me. If you like me, I'm going to win. If you don't like me, I'm not going to win.

JD Vance?

Sure.

But at least it was said in a friendly manner.

I -- I don't think. Look, I think that the Democrat party is really the one that has the problem. I think they're radical abortion because they're allowing abortion in the ninth month. They're allowing the death --

They're allowing the death of a baby after the baby is born based on the governor of Virginia.

Based on the governor of Virginia, they're allowing the death of the baby.

After it's born, they're allowing abortions in the eight and ninth month of pregnancy.

I think they're -- and -- and I think the Republican party is actually much lesser. I think I've made them much less radical perhaps, but the Republican party, what we're doing is bringing it back to the states where everybody wanted it. Democrats, Republicans, Liberals, Conservatives, everybody wanted abortion brought back.

They didn't want Roe v Wade in the federal government. They wanted it -- everybody wanted it back --

Excuse me.

They don't know about this. Right now, they're voting. It brought it back to the states. Now, I happen to believe in the three exceptions. Ronald Reagan believed with rape, incest, life of the mother. I -- I do. I think most people do. I think most Republicans do also. But if you take a look, right now, they're doing -- it's an amazing thing.

Out of the federal government, it's in states, and people are voting. And I will say, Ohio is let's -- let's call it a more liberal version -- has been approved. Kansas, the same thing. A little bit surprising to a lot of people. But the people are now voting, and it's taking this issue that's been going on for 52 years and has torn our country apart.

And it's giving it to the people to vote on, and they're voting. And many states have already voted. Others are in the process of voting, and it's bringing them back to the people and the vote of the people. And it's not at all radical. And I -- again, you have to follow your heart. I happen to believe in the three exceptions.

Most people believe in the three exceptions. Most Republicans believe in the exceptions. But they don't want to see an abortion in the ninth month or the eight month. Almost everybody agrees to that. And they certainly don't want to see, in the case of the governor of Virginia, the former governor, I might add, who said we set the baby aside, and then we decide what to do. Meaning, what do we do? We execute the baby.

That's a radical, horrible position. And some people -- some people want that. I don't want it. Most people don't.

Yeah. Which is older than Biden is right now. But not mentally. Look, mentally, big difference.

He shot. He shot. But most people --

Most people -- I know many people in their 80s and their 90s that are in great shape. Some of our greatest leaders. You look at throughout the world, world history, the greatest leaders, some of the greatest leaders in the world were in their 80s.

Oh, absolutely.

I think I'd know.

I think I'd know. Look, if I came onto a stage like this and I got treated so rudely as this woman treated me --

And I'm fine with it because she -- it doesn't -- she was very rude, sir. Very rude. That was a nasty -- that wasn't a question. She didn't ask me a question.

She gave a statement. That wasn't a question.

Oh, absolutely. If I thought that I was failing in some way -- I want people to be sharp. I'll go a step further. I want anybody running for president to take an aptitude test, to take a cognitive test. I think it's a great idea. And I took two of them, and I aced them.

I took two of them. But let me ask.

I -- I would like to have people running for president -- and I don't mean by -- because they're 75 or 85. I think anybody running -- I'd like to do it. People say it's not constitutional. I would like to have something passed where you can do it. I think we should know. I mean, I've watched what's happened in the last couple of years under this gentleman, and our country is a mess.

We have inflation. We have the millions of people falling in. We have Afghanistan, which was the --

Worst, most embarrassing moment in the history of our country. What he has done to our country and her, too, what they've done to our country -- she has been a horrible vice president. She's considered the worst vice president in the history of our country.

I would love to do it.

Well, I've already taken two of them, but I'll do it again.

I suggested, Harris, that -- let's take one. I said Joe and I will go and take a cognitive test. Now, I'd do it with her, too. I would do it with her also. You know what? She failed her law exam. She didn't pass her law exam, so maybe she wouldn't pass the cognitive test.

I'm just giving you the fact.

She didn't pass her bar exam, and she didn't think she would pass it. And she didn't think she was going to ever pass it. And I don't know what happened. Maybe she passed it. I guess you --

There's a man over here. I think he must work for her.

Yeah.

Sure.

Well, let me bring it back to modern day, like, about five days ago. We had an attack on The Capitol. Horrible attack on The Capitol. You saw the people that were protesting and spraying these incredible monuments, bells, lions, all these magnificent limestone and granite with red paint, red spray paint that will never actually come off, especially in the limestone.

It will never -- I'm a builder. I know about this stuff. It'll never -- you'll see it in a 100 years from now. They viciously attacked our government. They fought with police. They fought with them much more openly than I saw on January 6th. What's going to happen to those people? What's going to happen to the people in Portland that destroyed that city?

What's going to happen to the people that tried to burn the --

Excuse me. You have to answer. What's going to happen --

Oh, absolutely, I would.

If they're innocent -- if they're innocent, I would pardon them.

And by the way, the Supreme Court just under -- well, they were convicted by a very -- a very tough system. They were -- how come the people that tried to burn down Minneapolis, how come the purple that took over a large percentage of Seattle, how come nothing happened to them? How come the people --

No, no, no. We're talking about Federal buildings. Really? Oh, really? Well, they shot --

They shot a young lady in the face who was protesting. They shot her in the face. You know, nobody died that day. You do know that. But people died in Seattle. Nobody died, but people died in Minneapolis.

You know, people died in Minneapolis, and nothing happens. And nobody ever talks, and nothing happens to those people. But you went after the J6 people with a vengeance. And I'll tell you what. What about the cops that were -- and -- and I'm all for the police as you know, but what about the police that are ushering -- ushering everybody into The Capitol?

Go in. Go in. Go in. What about that? Look.

Nothing is -- nothing is perfect in life, but you have people from Minneapolis, you have people just from five days ago in Washington, DC, they were having fist fights and fighting with the police. They were spraying and destroy -- they were desecrating our monuments in Washington, DC five days ago and nothing happened to them.

And you have to -- you can't have two systems of justice. That's why they went after me as a political opponent because they felt they couldn't win without doing that. And we're going to win our cases, and we're going to be vindicated, but I have to spend a lot of time on that and money. That's what they want.

After the election, they won't care. Although, in my case, I think they probably will because the hatred is pretty deep. But I'll tell you, they went after me as a political opponent. That's never happened in our country before, and it sets a terrible, terrible precedent.

What do I do? I close the border. I do two things because I can do a lot of things simultaneously. I close the border. We don't want people coming. We want people to come in, Harris, but they have to be vetted. They have to be checked. They have to come in legally.

We want people -- I want people to come into our country, but they have to be vetted. They have to be checked. So, when you say what do I do? That and I drill, baby, drill. I bring energy way down. I bring interest rates down. I bring inflation way down so people can buy bacon again. So, people can buy a ham sandwich again.

So, that people can go to a restaurant and afford it. Because right now, people can't buy food. Your grocery bills are up 40 percent, 50 percent, 60 percent, right? She's agreeing to me. Oh, she's agreeing. Thank you. I like you very much.

But it's -- but it's true. Your grocery bills are up and then they're mandating that you buy an all-electric car. You know, Elon Musk endorsed me, and he's a friend of mine. He's a good guy. He's a smart guy. But I'm against all -- everybody having an electric car, OK? I'm very much against that. You have to be able to -- if you want a hybrid or if you want a gasoline-propelled car -- but, you know, we have more liquid gold, gasoline, oil under our feet than any other country, more than Saudi Arabia, more than Russia, more than any other country.

I want to use it. I want to use what we have. I want to bring down prices, bring down costs, and I also have to stop the invasion. And remember, they're taking your jobs. These people coming in are taking your jobs.

Well, thank you very much.

Thank you, dear. Thank you everybody very much. Great honor.

Thank you.

Thank you very much.