Can you believe it, first of all? All this time, all these years, all this work, but I feel very good. She's taking the day off, and she's taking another day off. I don't believe it. I've gone 52 days in a row, and another 13 days left, and I'm just leaving to make a big speech in North Carolina. And just I feel very good.

If you look at the early voting, which you know as well as anybody, it's looking very, very strong, I think. It's the people are voting for us at levels that no Republican has ever seen before.

Yeah, I'm very mixed on it. I mean, I'm OK with the Tuesday voting, which they like doing, Republicans like. And I'm also -- I say, the main thing I say is vote. But ideally, I guess a lot of people would like to see early voting, you know, where you stand a little bit. And I'm OK either way, Brian, really.

I really am.

Liz Cheney had the biggest loss in the history of the United States Congress, losing by almost 40 point, think of it, the biggest loss. Because most people, when they're down that much, if they're in Congress, what they do is they resign before going through a humiliation like that. She is so bad. She was a war hawk like her father, a war hawk.

He was the one that pushed Bush into the Middle East and spent $10 trillion. I mean, think of it, $10 trillion that we got. We got nothing but death. Everybody got death out of it. Loss and deaths. And Liz Cheney, it's very interesting because, here, you have somebody that went into the Middle East, and she's trying to get -- this is the man who wanted to get strongly, wanted to get into the Middle East and kill the Arabs.

And she's trying to get Arab support. She's got Liz Cheney, of all people. And Liz Cheney was at war. That's why I never got along with her. You want to go to war with everybody. You know, big, brave Liz Cheney, let's -- let's kill a lot of people. So --

Disgraceful.

I think it's -- I think it's a huge negative for her, by the way, for Kamala, as the expression goes.

I think she's exhausted.

Well, I think she's not campaigning at all. She's off today, and she's off tomorrow or the next day. And I've gone 52 days in a row. And we have 13 left, and I won't be taking off. I will not be taking off. But think of it, she's off today, and she's going to be off tomorrow. I mean, this is not what we want for a president.

Well, I don't know. I think we talked about doing it. And I don't know, we talked about it for a long time. And I think he's a nice guy. I've met him a couple of times at the fights. And I don't know, it's that just seems something to do. It's no real strategy there, Brian. I do it, and I do a lot of -- I do a lot of shows good, bad, or indifferent.

I do a lot of shows, and they come out good. We're leading. We -- we won the Republican nomination in a record time, and it was the fastest anyone's ever won it. And we -- we're doing very well. Now, we're up in the polls against this woman who's -- you know, and I say it loudly, she's a low-IQ person. We've had a low-IQ person for the last four years.

We cannot afford to have it any longer. And it's sort of it's amazing when you have 13 days left that somebody takes off and you're talking about the presidency. That's not what we want.

And -- and as far as Rogan's concerned, you know, I enjoy -- I don't get to listen to much. I don't have a lot of time to sit down and listen. But I think it might be very interesting.

Yeah.

Oh, yeah.

Amazing.

Well, I guess you have to look at the also the record of the other gentlemen. We're talking about like 30 or 35 arrests or something like that. It was rough. You're going to have to hear from the people in the subway because they were very, very scared. They -- they were, from what I understand, very scared.

And I'd have to look at it a little more detail. But it sounded to me like he was very aggressive in the subway. They were afraid for their lives. And I assume they have some of those people testifying. So, we'd have to take a look at that. But it's an awfully tough case, I think. Very tough.

Yeah.

Yes.

Yeah.

Well, I didn't think of it that way. We're really looking to win New York, if we can. We think there's a chance of winning New York. First time, since, well, a long time, many, many decades. And we think there's a real chance with what's going on with the migrants taking over the city, taking over the whole state.

Frankly, if you look around, they're all over the state. And a lot of crime.

Crime is at an all-time high. You would think we'd do very well in New York. And so, it's in New York, but it is -- it's also, you know, MSG is Madison Square Garden. If -- you know, like guys like you and I, that means a lot, those words.

Madison Square Garden, right? Don't you think so?

And we'll be doing --

Yeah, we're going to have -- we're going to have a good time. I think we're going to have a great time. And it is, in a certain way. I didn't do it for that reason. I did it because it's -- it's a very big step. And, you know, we sold it out in three hours. It was totally sold out in three hours, which is pretty amazing when you think of it for politics.

I don't have a guitar. So, when you can do it -- when you can do that in three hours without a guitar --

That's pretty good. But there's a great feeling, you know, we did great in 2016. We actually did much better in 2020, as you know, in terms of votes. And this one will be -- there's no comparison --

Between the first two and this one. The level of enthusiasm. I think you see it to the level of enthusiasm for this is greater than anything I've ever done. Take a look at McDonald's. I went to a McDonald's. It's become this incredible story. Google said it's one of the most searched things they've ever had.

It's pretty wild. So, it's all about the level of enthusiasm.

And we've never had anything like this one.

Right.

No, we had a whole different thing, a whole different philosophy. My economy did good because I got the tax cuts. I got the greatest tax cuts in the history of our country, and that's what really spurred our economy. We had the best job numbers of any -- of anybody. We had the best -- I had the best economy in history and in the history of our country.

And if you look at it --

Yeah, I think I get credit for it. I do. I get credit for that. I get credit for the military. I get credit for not having gotten into a war.

You know, a lot of people thought I'd be in a war in 24 hours, and we had peace through strength. So, I did take over a mess that they left me with ISIS --

And defeated them in rapid -- in rapid time. You know, we really did. I rebuilt the military. I built the largest --

But he doesn't -- he doesn't characterize anything. That's -- that's proper. I mean, what he -- what he does, he'll say anything. Anything that comes to mind as long, as it's positive for him.

I mean, what he did -- what he did to Biden was pretty incredible. I watched the way he let him off the stage. And I will say what he did to Biden was, I think, it was really terrible.

I think it was terrible. They sabotaged Biden. Whether you like Biden or not, he won the nomination, and then they took it away from him.

And there's never been a time --

There's never been a time where that's happened.

I'm not calling on anything. I think it's a threat. It's always a threat. But the reason that threat is there is because Biden and Kamala are so pathetic as leaders. They're the worst administration in the history of our country. Jimmy Carter looks brilliant by comparison. I mean, they are the worst. There's never been anything like this administration.

They are incompetent. They don't know what they're doing and will end up in World War III over these people. So, I mean, I don't -- you know, I'm just blaming them because, frankly, if we had a real president -- if we had a president that knew what he was doing --

and a vice president that could help -- and she's worse than him. She's worse than him. I really believe that. I think she'll be actually worse than him.

It's a threat.

Well, I'll solve that as soon as I get in, and I will solve it very strong and very nicely, and it won't happen. There's no way we get off the dollar. We get off the dollar, that's like losing a world war. That would make us a third-world country. Be -- losing the dollar, losing the status of the dollar --

Would be a loss almost of a world war. And it's not going to happen. If I'm president, it's not. Now, it would be nice if they could start today instead of January 20th. But you're right, that is a threat to the dollar, and it's a threat militarily. That's a big force you're talking about --

There's no reason for this. This should have never happened.

Right.

Well, you know, you mentioned at the beginning -- just the beginning of this question that, you know, I know it wouldn't have happened. It would not have happened. And that's the sad part. So many people are dead. So many people are killed. So many cities, I mean, almost most of them are just laying on their sides, broken up into smithereens.

What a shame. Far more people died, Brian, as you know, you've --

You see that. Far more people died, and it's a horrible thing, and I hate what happened. And just --

There's now at it would've happened. It's going to be our problem. And --

Yeah.

I will be -- it will be a top priority. And I'll get both sides together. And I'll try and knock something -- knock some sense into them. And I think I'll be successful. But it was a lot easier before it started, that I can tell you. And think of all the lives that were just wasted.

Just -- it's just a very --

And you didn't see that coming -- by the way, you didn't see that coming, Brian.

You got other countries going. And you have an incompetent president, and you have an incompetent vice president. She's more incompetent than he is.

Well -- well, you got two others because you have in Ohio that's happening. And there's a couple of others, too. I guess it's a compliment. But I just hope it doesn't affect the race. I would imagine it's probably a couple of it. Now, they're all saying that we were with Trump when the tariffs -- or at least tariffs are finally becoming popular.

I'm not sure how you feel about it. But I will tell you, tariffs are going to make us rich again, and tariffs are the way to go. It's my favorite word in the dictionary outside of love and religion, Brian.

Yeah.

It's sort of ironic the way you put that question because you say without giving away intelligence, Brian, our intelligence -- or their intelligence has been totally leaked. That was a massive leak. And somebody is a real enemy to have done that. They've leaked the entire, you know, 70, whatever it is, different plans and versions of it to -- to the world -- to the world.

Think of it. How would you like to be Israel and wake up and find out that all of your various plans or to attack Iran have been leaked to the media and to the world? And this can only happen to this administration. This group of people is just so bad. And they think it comes out of the Department of Defense.

But who knows, right? Who knows?

We're going to get everything straightened out. We're going to get Russia and Ukraine settled up. We're going to get them settled up. We're going to work like hell. And I know you'd like to see that, and I know how you feel about it. And I fully understand how you feel about it. We're going to try and get that settled up and stop -- we got to stop the killing, the deaths, all that death and horrible, wasted death.

It's so sad to watch. You know, that whole culture has been taken down because those cities are knocked down to the ground for the most part outside of a few areas. It's -- I mean, if you look at those cities, every single building -- some of them magnificent -- those magnificent golden towers and everything, they're all gone, blown to smithereens.

And -- and far more people than anybody knows, right.

You're going to find that out. But I am going to sit down with them, and I know both of them very well. And I'm going to try and get that thing done. I'm going to try and force a peace between them. And then, with Israel, that's actually, in a certain way, you might say it's more complicated, but maybe not as difficult, if you want to know the truth.

It's probably a more complicated situation, but maybe not as difficult.

Again, October 7th, you know, Brian --

I think you would be believing this. October 7th would have never happened. Iran was broke. They didn't have money for Hezbollah. They didn't have money for Hamas. They had no money. They had -- they were absolutely -- they would have made a deal. And I would -- I would have made a deal that's good -- I want to make a deal that's good for everybody.

But we don't want Iran to have a nuclear weapon.

Yeah.

Right.

Yeah. Yup.

Well, I'll tell you, the message to Michigan really is that if they would have gone with the accords -- so we have the four countries in. We're going to get a lot of countries. We're going to get those countries back in there. The Abraham Accords was one of the greatest things that -- maybe one of the greatest things, maybe the greatest that the Middle East has seen.

It can easily be filled out. And I think it would have been filled out. And I even think there would have been issues at that time because Iran was not in a great negotiating position.

And although I must say, over the last four weeks, they're not as good at negotiating position as they --

They would have been a long time before. It's amazing what's happened. Now, had Israel listened to Biden, they would be waiting for a bomb to be dropped on their head right now. Think of it.

If they would have listened -- yes, go ahead.

I don't know. Yeah, I don't know. But he's been pretty much on his own. He has not been listening to Biden. Biden wanted them to stop immediately fighting. And if he did, you literally would be waiting for that bomb to drop down on Israel. That's probably what would have happened. And he's in a very strong position right now.

But with all of that being said, we'll see what we can do in terms of getting peace. But he has really put himself -- Bibi's done a hell of a job of fighting, but he would not listen to Biden. He wouldn't do it. He wouldn't listen to Biden. Don't forget, when they made the original -- you know, when the United States made the deal --

They -- he came here. He was begging Obama, and that time, Obama and Biden, but basically Obama, not to make the deal, a deal that I broke, and a deal that -- it was a great thing that I broke it. You know, if I didn't break that deal, the deal would be coming through right now. They'd be able to

You know, the biggest problem with that deal was very short term.

You know, everyone said, oh, I broke the deal. Of course, I broke the deal. The thing would be coming due right now, and they would have a clear path to do it. There was, in theory, nothing you could do about it. So, it would have -- it would have been coming due right now. It's a very short-term deal. It was a lousy deal.

Whoever made that deal, which I know made it, but that was a very bad deal for the United States. It was a really bad deal for Israel. And I terminated it. We'll work on all these things, Brian, you know, when they're in flux because it's like, what are you going to do? Well, what am I going to do today is going to be what am I going to do tomorrow is going to be different, you know, because --

It's changing rapidly.

It's changing rapidly.

I'd love to end Ukraine. I'd love to end the war between Russia and Ukraine. I really think that we got to get that one ended. I'd love to see that ended. I thought it was -- it's been badly handled by everybody, including Biden. I mean, Biden, when he -- what he was saying at the time, there's no reason Russia --

Would have gone in. We would -- they would have never gone in. And I hate to say that over and over but it's just so sad.

Absolutely.

Yeah.

Well, I don't want to say because it puts me in a very bad position in terms of negotiating. But a lot of people would say, let me put it that way, that you hit the nuclear and you hit the oil. But I don't want to be the one to say that because I don't want to get involved. And I do speak to Bibi and I speak to a lot of people.

And, you know, from a negotiating standpoint, if I'm going to be involved. But what people are saying now -- Biden is saying the exact opposite, "Don't hit the oil -- and don't hit the nuclear," you know --

He's taking the opposite approach.

Everything -- you know, in history, Brian --

If over the last 40 years you went the exact opposite of Joe Biden, every single decision, the exact -- even -- even if you look at look at the World Trade Center, "Let's not hit them," right?

Let's not hit Osama bin Laden. Let's not hit them.

If you -- if you would take the exact opposite of Biden --

Every single time, you would have -- you would be one of the greatest foreign policy experts in history.

No, I don't think so. I think it's not good. I think that -- I think the whole group is not so good. This is not what our country needs. I hope that we're going to have the kind of results that we're seeing in early voting. You know, the early voting has been extraordinary so far, I would say, beyond our wildest expectation, if you look at North Carolina, you look at Georgia, I guess somebody -- one of the -- I think the Atlanta paper came out with about a five- -- four- or five-point spread already that we're leading.

And we're doing we seem to be doing very well in early voting. But who knows? We have to get it -- you have to get it over the top. There's great enthusiasm. We've never had -- hey, look, it's my third time doing this, and we've never -- we did incredible in '16.

We did better in terms of voting by millions of votes. The second, we've never had enthusiasm like now. And part of the reason is because they've been so bad. In other words, they've been so bad.

Cheating.

All of them. I mean, they cheat. All of them. I mean, the biggest risk to me -- I think we win it easily. I think I would have just campaigned at 30 percent of what I've done. You know, I haven't taken a day off in 52 days. And now, I have 13. And she's sleeping today, and she'll sleep by here tomorrow to go, too.

She's going to sleep all day. She's like Biden. She likes to sleep a lot.

You know, I haven't taken -- I haven't taken days -- I have not taken days off at all, nor should I. You know, this is the big thing. This is going to be Make America Great Again. We can't take a chance.

Our country -- if we don't win this race, our country is in serious jeopardy.

Well, I did do it. We had the strongest border in history. I built hundreds of miles of wall. I did do it. If you look at that famous chart, that now very famous chart, the lowest point that we've had --

Or virtually ever --

Was the last day.

My what?

I don't care what he says. Look, I mean, the guy -- I thought he was a very divisive president, not a good president. And look at -- look at the kinds of things, look at the mistakes they made --

When he was president. He was -- frankly, compared to Biden, he was good. Compared to this group, he was good. But he was a very divisive president.

Not a good president at all. But when they say, "Why didn't Trump do it," I did do it. I built hundreds of miles of wall. I was going to build 200 more. They were all set to be put in place. And these people didn't do it. And we had the best border --

In history. And for him to say that is just pretty amazing. But that's --

Let him say it. Nobody -- here's the good news about Obama, nobody listens to him.

Yeah.

Yeah.

Right.

Right.

Well, I'm going to say the Yankees. You know, Randy is a great friend of mine, George and the family -- his family is, you know, made of a lot of terrific people. And so, I have to go with the Yankees, of course. But we'll see what happens. The Dodgers have a great team. You know, they have a great team.

But the Yankees are hot with their bats. I would say they have maybe a little bit of an advantage. What are the odds on it, by the way? Who's favored to win? Similar?

Yeah.

No, we don't want to bet. But I'll say the Yankees will win. Well, you and I will talk about it after.

Hopefully -- hopefully, they'll have a good -- I'd like to go. You know, the problem is, because of the security stuff --

I don't want to make it uncomfortable for everyone else. Yeah. I really don't.

I'd love to.

Well, Omaha. I love Omaha, and I really hope you're going to give me that vote because I would go out there right now. And whether it's going to be that important or not, it may be under a, you know, limited -- under a limited circumstance. It could be a very important vote. But I do great in Nebraska. I'd love to get that Omaha vote.

You know, it's a little bit segmented from the rest. They should have --

They should've done -- they had a rogue -- they had a little bit of a rogue senator out there decided that he wanted to get a little free publicity so, he didn't get that done. But that's OK. I would love to get that -- I would love to get that vote. And to the people of Omaha, please be nice to me. Thank you.

Well, you know, it's interesting. I really feel -- I'm very mixed. You know, I have the old standard of the Tuesday vote and all. A lot of people like to vote. And I really miss -- you know, the main thing to me is you've got to vote, you got to vote. Voting early, I guess, would be good. But you know, people.

I'll have different feelings about it. But the main thing is you got to get out. You got to vote. And I'll be voting early, I'll be voting early.

Isn't he great? Isn't he the greatest? He's, right now, campaigning in Pennsylvania while she's sleeping. She's sleeping, and Elon is campaigning. Elon just busier than her, too, believe me.

Isn't he unbelievable? He's unbelievable.

Even the Starlink. He got it for North -- think of it. He got it for North Carolina, Starlink, when they had no communications. People were dying over no communication.

And he got it to them right away at my request. He's amazing, that guy. So --

It's nice to have him on my side, Brian. Do you agree?

Yeah. They land. I've never seen anything like it.

It's really something.

Great. Thanks a lot, Brian.

Yeah.

Thanks, Brian.

You're doing a great job. Thank you very much. Bye.