We're back.

Dana White.

Dana got it started, right? Who would have thought?

Is he incredible, by the way?

Nobody like him.

Right. That disaster.

Well, thank you. Thank you very much. It's good. You look well, all of you.

You're still the hottest guys around, I think, huh?

Did you ever think this was going to happen?

Yeah. It was your all-time record. And I said, if we mention the election, they'll delete. Remember?

Yeah. Well, you know, it's -- they're fascists. These people are crazy. And hopefully, we're going to have a great election. We're going to beat them. But these people are crazy. They've done a terrible job running the country. They did a terrible job with North Carolina with their problems. I mean, people have been treated very badly.

And the border is the most unsafe border anywhere in the world. But they're -- and they're worried about us talking, right?

They're worried about us having a little conversation.

Right.

Right.

Yeah, yeah.

Well, I think that John Kerry has been a disaster. All he talks about is the environment. In the meantime, China, all these other countries, they don't do what he -- you know, what he suggests. He meets with them and they go, yes, yes, yes. They yes him to death, and then they laugh at him when he leaves.

In the meantime, we tie up our jobs and our plans on things that are unnecessary. We want immaculate water. We want beautiful clean air. And we had the cleanest air, the cleanest of water. I mean -- if you were to look at my stats on the environment, I had great stats, but I also had the best employment numbers, and our factories worked.

We had factories that worked and worked really well. They're willing to give up so much. They're -- I actually think they're bad people. Do you want to know the truth? I think they're bad people. There's a lot of bad stuff going on. But John Kerry would go around. I guess he's not doing that so much anymore.

He got tired of it. He'd get in his private plane. And if you believe in that, he shouldn't be taking a private plane. He's supposed to actually swim. He'd be --

Supposed to swim -- no, the whole thing -- the whole is ridiculous. And the country is not doing well. But when you look at -- I mean, we have a big election coming up. Look, on -- in literally a very short period of time, I guess, it's what, 23, 24 days, right, we have an election coming up, November 5th.

But it's actually going on right now as we speak. You know, we used to have an election on one day with paper ballots and voter ID. Today, we have computers going all over the place. We have a whole big deal. And we have them starting early and sometimes going late. It's crazy. We have to get back to -- we have to get back to strong borders and fair elections. We have to do it.

And I think we will. So, we're leading in the polls. We're doing well.

We're against somebody that has no clue what's going on. They did something that you guys would relate to because you're into this whole world, but you relate to it. "60 Minutes," she gives a horrible answer.

And they changed the answer. I think it's the biggest scandal in broadcast history. They actually took her answer out and gave her a different answer --

After it was shot. And it's turned out to be a scandal. But I think it's the worst thing I've seen in broadcast. I think it's the biggest scandal in broadcast history. Number one, it's election interference. Number two --

They get a license, and it's supposed to be a license based on free press, fair press, and honesty.

So, we'll see what happens, but I think it's a disaster.

Well, I was terrible. From what -- I don't know the show. I know your show, but I don't know that show.

I would think so.

Now, to go on that show from what I heard was pretty crazy.

Highly crazy. During the hurricane.

And she's barely been down there. And Ron DeSantis doesn't want her down there because she was trying to freewheel it, and he's right.

I did. So, Elon is a friend of mine. A friend of yours, too, right?

He's great. He's a great guy. He endorsed me very big. When I went to North Carolina, they said, we need -- we need a level of communication. We don't have -- everything was knocked down. The wires are down. They couldn't communicate. So, they had Starlink, and they said Starlink. I didn't know what Starlink was.

But they said it was Elon. They said, "You know Elon?" I said, "Yes, we all know Elon, right?" And I said, "What do you want?" "And we need Starlink to communicate." And I said, "Let me see." I called up Elon. And within two seconds -- and it's hard to get it, they couldn't get it, and we got it for North Carolina.

But it was delayed by the Democrats. It was actually delayed. It should have gone faster. He had it there right away, and they -- they wouldn't give it. There's some bad things. They've done a terrible job. This -- North Carolina, in particular, has been -- has done a terrible job, whether you call it FEMA -- I call it the White House more than FEMA.

When I had FEMA, they were unbelievable. But the White House has done a terrible job on North Carolina. And other parts, I mean, you know, there were six or seven states that were hit. Virginia was hit. People don't even know that. But Virginia and South Carolina and Georgia, Florida, Alabama, they were hit, and they were hit hard.

But they've done a lousy job. It's probably the worst job since Katrina. Biden and Kamala, lying Kamala, they've done a bad job.

Yeah.

What's that? Fifty -- yeah.

Oh, I see. Oh, that's good. So, I looked at it before, we're up nine points. And I think we're -- I think we -- we had one where we were up 50 points. I'll give you that one. I think we're going to do well. Look, this woman is incompetent. She's done a terrible job. She's got --she got a lot of problems.

And we had that for four years with Biden, and we can't have another four years. We're not going to have a country left. You won't even have your show left. OK? We're not going to have a country left. And on top of that, we are very close to World War III. We really are very, very close to World War III.

And if we don't solve it, we're going to just have -- we're going to have a lot of problems. And we've never been in a position of danger like we are right now because of nuclear weapons, because of the whole nuclear thing and other types of weapons. We have to get it straightened out. We have to get it straightened out.

Yeah.

It's doing great.

I wouldn't call it a weapon, but secret weapon, that's a tough term. It's pretty interesting. But she's great. She's a wonderful person. She was a great first lady. People love her. She wrote a book called "Melania," and it's No. 1, I think, No. 1 or 2, and doing great. It's really doing good. She worked hard on it.

Yeah, she loves the country. She wrote something that was very good. I was a little bit nervous before I read it. You know, I said --

You never know. I mean, maybe she said bad things, but she didn't.

You know, a lot of people thought it was terrible. A lot of people said she shouldn't be drinking at all. She shouldn't be drinking. She got -- she got some other problems. But it was a little -- it was a little different. No, they hit her hard.

It did --

I don't know. It could be. It could be. That's what the rumor is. Yeah, the polls are looking good. The polls -- I want to get off that subject because, you know, if I --

If I criticize, I'll be criticized. Yeah, but, no, she probably shouldn't have done that. She got -- she got hit hard for that, right? But I don't think it was that big a deal. No.

I love that.

Thank you, fellows. That's good.

Well, it's so important, and it's November 5th. But in every place just about, you can vote early. See, I'd like same-day voting like it used to be, one day, even if you declare like a holiday, one day. This way, a lot of things can't happen. But we don't have that system. We have a system where you can vote at a leisurely pace, and we just hope that everybody goes out.

We're going to make our -- you know, I have a little statement. It's called "make America great again," MAGA, which is the biggest political political movement in the history of the country, and we're going to make America great again, and we have to start. We did it, and then we had an interlude. We were rudely interrupted.

And now, it's happening again at a level that nobody's ever seen before. For instance, we're going to a location that I think some of you are coming. Who's going with us? Are you flying with us?

Good, fellows. You're going to have a good time.

So, I hear that the crowd is rather breathtaking, the size of it. You're going to have some fun.

No, but I've done them. We've had a big -- look, I think that if the voting was legit in California, you know, it's all mail-in ballots, mail-out, mail-in. They're all over the place. Like, is it 36 or 38 million ballots? It's get mailed. Everybody gets mail. Some people get more than one ballot, you know that, all this.

They say that California, automatically, you lose. I say that if it was a straight election, I would win in California because I do great with the Hispanics. With the African American population, I'm getting record numbers. Nobody's ever seen that for a Republican record numbers. You know, I'm doing well.

I believe that if we had an honest election, if God would come down and be our vote counter, right, that would be an honest election. I think I'd win. But I do it in California because we have a lot of people ask me to do it. It's also near other states, so --

You know, they're going to be going.

Like her? Yeah.

I haven't tried that. I don't think it plays too well. I saw that the other day. I don't think it plays too well.

Well, I think it's -- look, voting is a very great privilege. Some people don't appreciate it as young people, and other people appreciate it really a lot. It's, like, a very important day. They should appreciate it because it's very special. What we have to do is make sure the votes are counted, that it's all honest.

We have an expression, too big to rig, because if you -- you know, there's a point at which it's overwhelming, and we may be at that point. I mean, I hope we're at that point. We're going to turn the nation around. We're going to have strong borders, fair borders. I want people to come in. They have to come in legally.

We have people pouring into our borders from prisons, from jails. They're coming in from mental institutions, nobody knows who they are, from all over the world, and they're coming into our country. They had 13,000 murderers coming into our country. They were murderers. They were in jail for murder. They released them into our country because it's very expensive to keep them in jail.

You know, jails and all are very expensive. They have some that were going to get the death penalty. They released them into our country. So, these people are released into the country. Drug dealers, drug lords are released into our country. And that's what we have. These people are crazy to allow this to happen.

It should have never been allowed to happen. And we're going to get them out. We're going to get them out fast. Otherwise, we're not going to have a country left.

Well, the biggest thing you can do is -- and this is a little bit after college, you got to make sure everyone gets a job when they get out of college, and all of a sudden, things look a lot better. Biden was trying to do something with student debt, but he failed to get it done. He couldn't get it done.

He couldn't get a lot of things done. But he wanted to do something on student debt, as you know. And it's dead. It just died. What we're going to do is certain colleges have tremendous amounts of money, I mean, almost an unfair amount of money. And we're looking at that, the endowments, using their endowments to help people, and they should use them.

They should use endowment to help people finance it. But the federal government is going to remain financing, and they're going to help students. You got to help them. The biggest thing we can do is make the economy incredible. So, when you get into college, you study something, and you get out, and you get yourself a great job.

Right now, they don't have that. And the other thing is they're charging too much. The colleges have gone up more. The price of a college has gone up so much, more than almost anything else I could think of for an education. You know why? Because the government hands out money, so they have no reason to keep it down.

So, we're going to look into that very carefully. We're going to get it down for students. We're going to get it way down, and we're going to make it possible for them to be able to go to college.

Yeah.

Sure, I would.

I think I'm doing it, actually.

Yeah, I am.

Is he the best, really?

OK, so tell me, give us the order. Go ahead. What is it?

Did Joe become so well known because of the UFC? And he does a great job with that, right? What was it that made Joe the best?

Oh.

He is.

Good guy.

He's got a good voice. That's important.

He's got a good voice.

Yeah, I know. He's done it great -- he does it incredibly. And that's a whole incredible thing, right?

I just wonder -- my favorite fighter?

So, I really like -- but, you know, so I talked to Dana about this a lot, who's the best, right? So, a lot of people say Jon Jones is the best. He's fighting soon.

Let's see, right after the election, I don't know. I'll either be in a very good mood or I won't.

I hope so. But just right after the election. But you would say Khabib. Some people would say Khabib. You know, Khabib?

So, he's 28-0, or 29, 28-0. And they say he never lost a round. Did you ever hear that? He never lost one round.

Yeah, he was -- he was great. And then, he retired. His father died, and his father was his manager and I guess trainer and all. And he died, and he -- and he just said that's it. But I would -- I would say that he was -- couldn't do better.

I heard that. I heard that. I met him --

I met him at one of the fights -- what?

He did. Yeah.

No, he's great. You know what he wanted to talk about? He wanted to say, "Is there any way you could stop the war? Because so many people are being killed." So, you know, he has a heart. He's smart. How can you stop the war?

And we'll get it stopped, by the way. That's with Ukraine and Russia.

Yeah.

You got to stop what?

Oh, yeah.

Yeah.

One of the big things is trade because we get taken advantage of on trade. If you guys were a little bit older, I'd say we get screwed on trade for years. A lot of times, it's our friends that do it. You know, we have Japan and the European Union, all that. And we're changing that whole thing around.

We're going to bring our -- the companies back. And you're right, it's a good question. We're bringing them back. We're going to keep our money here. We're going to pay down debt. We're going to -- I talk about liquid gold. We have more liquid gold, oil and gas, than any other country in the world, more than Saudi Arabia, more than Russia.

And we're going to use it. We don't use it. We don't use it fully. We could supply the whole world. And we're going to pay down debt, and we're going to do great things. And that's why I'm doing now. In fact, I have to go because I have to go right now to Coachella. And I think a couple of you guys are coming with me, and it's going to be fun.

But we have a big crowd. Do you have any idea how big the crowd is?

I'm hearing it's big.

Huh?

We have great rallies. I like this guy. You know, he's so nice.

Go ahead.

Well, I'm not allowed to comment on it, really. But let's put it this way. For 18 months, we were losing a lot of soldiers with the Taliban in Afghanistan. And for 18 months, we didn't lose one soldier, not one. And then, I left, and these clowns took over, and then we had the worst -- you know, that whole situation was horrible, right?

With the airlift and the whole thing and people falling off the airplanes.

Yup.

Yeah.

We lost 13, and many people so badly hurt. Nobody ever talks about them, like the legs missing and the arms missing and the face obliterated. And that was all Biden. That was Biden's fault, just like in her fault. She's the vice president. Did you see the other day where she said, "No, I agree with everything he did?" That was a killer.

Her staff said, "You got to be kidding. You couldn't have said that." Because all the bad things they did -- 325,000 children are missing. Did you know that, 325?

Incompetence. And maybe bad, but incompetence. But you didn't hear the 325,000 kids. They never write about it in the papers.

Probably dead, many of them, or sex slavery. But 325,000 young children are dead coming through the border. Can you believe that?

You don't even hear about it. The press, the fake news, doesn't want to write about it. They want to write if you talk about an election, but they don't want to write about that. Three hundred twenty-five thousand kids are dead because of Biden and Kamala. Now, we're going to straighten the country out, and we're going to get the bad guys out of our country very fast.

The killers, the murderers, the drug dealers, we're going to get them out.

Oh, he's terrible.

Well, he's -- he's not -- first of all, they all have bad ratings. The one that's the most successful is Greg.

Greg Gutfeld.

Well, Jimmy Kimmel is a loser. Look, we would do Jimmy Kimmel. I do Jimmy Kimmel. I did him a lot.

He used to greet me on the sidewalk outside of his studio. I'd come in -- this was before politics, of course. But I'd come in, and he'd be standing on the sidewalk. "Oh, sir, may I bring you in?" He'd bring me in every time. And then I ran for politics. I never got involved with him much. But --

All they do is talk bad about Trump. That's all. The whole show is talking bad about Trump.

He's -- he's -- they're all equally bad. But we'll go through the different --

The View, I know them. So, Whoopi's a filthy, filthy mouth on her. I've hired Whoopi over the years, you know, hotels that I own. We hired her once, and I went. She was so filthy, disgusting, dirty with her mouth that I -- the whole group left. There was nobody watching her. She was a comedian. And you know what? Nobody knows this.

She said, "I admire you so much. Would you do me a favor?" "What?" "Would you do a cameo in a movie I'm making?" I did a cameo in some crummy movie she made. And then I run for politics. Joy is -- you know, she thought the world was flat. You saw that, right? Joy is dumb. The other one worked for me.

She wrote a letter, one of them, I don't know, whatever her name is. She worked for me in the White House. She writes a letter. "This was the greatest experience. You're the greatest president. I love you. You're the greatest president." We have the letter someplace. It's a letter that she wrote when she left the White House.

Then, all of a sudden, they hire her, and she goes negative. You know, they said, "Hey, we'll give you a lot of money if you go negative," whatever her name is. Let's see, the other two I didn't know. Oh, this guy I know, Jimmy Fallon.

Jimmy Fallon. I'm telling you. I hate to use -- but they're all losers. They're all lightweights, though. This guy -- so, I'm on a show before politics many times with him and before him. It -- it makes you realize how great Johnny Carson was, actually. That's the only thing because there's nothing to watch.

Their ratings are horrible. They're cutting him back to four days, which is -- can you imagine cutting Johnny Carson back to four days? That didn't happen. But Johnny Carson, I grew up with him and others that were very talented. These people -- so Jimmy Fallon asks me if he could do one thing. Could he play with my hair? And I said, "What do you want to do that for?" "I want to see if it's real."

It is real, but if you have to do it, you can do it. So, he didn't just play. He puts his hand in my hair, and he went crazy. And the audience went wild, and they loved it. And that was the end of that. And it played, and he got very high ratings on the show. Six months later, he stood up. He was -- he was -- the radical left went after him because they humanized me.

And six months later, they -- he goes up. He goes up on the show, and he said, "I'd like to apologize for doing that. I didn't realize I was going to humanize --" he was a nice guy. And he was doing badly, but he was -- now, he's doing much worse. He lost his whole audience when he did that. You know another loser is Howard Stern.

When he -- when he left me because I dropped him, I didn't want to do his show anymore, Howard Stern, when -- because he was considering Hillary. He's not for Hillary. He's not for Hillary. But he wanted to be politically correct or something, didn't work out too well. His show is practically dead, I think.

I don't know. I haven't heard his name in years. But now, he did an interview with her. It was so, so sad. He's asking her all these easy questions, like written out, "Oh, and what do you about this? And what do you think about that?" It's just a different guy. I used to do a show. I had numerous of his top 10 shows ever. You know they had a top 10 list.

Today, I understand they disbanded the list because I was on it so much. Greg Gutfeld is great. Greg Gutfeld didn't like me when he first started. He just didn't like me. And then, I could watch -- it was a beautiful thing. He said, "You know, I don't like him, but he said he was to knock out ISIS, and he did. He said he was going to have a strong border, and he did. He said employment --"

everything was good. He said, "I'm starting to like him." Then -- then, a little more time goes by, he said, "Well, am I better off liking somebody who's incompetent or not liking somebody and everything he does works out great for the country?" And he ended up liking me a lot. But I did his show two weeks ago, and his ratings were the highest ratings he's ever had. Did you know that?

He shows -- his show was -- and there's some nice people. Tyrese is great, you know, really nice people. But his show was the highest rated show he's ever had. And he won the weekend television, so that's good. But I really like Greg. Greg is good. Greg is talented. Now, the other one on CBS is just crazy.

This one, Stephen Colbert. All he does is talk about me. I don't watch it. But all he does is talk about me. Did you ever hear of Trump derangement syndrome? He's got it more than anything.

Well, Kimmel has it, too. Kimmel has it, too.

You know what you do? Ask him --

Yeah, you do bigger. Yeah, you do.

His show is dying. This one show is dying. Colbert is dying. I don't know. They get paid, I assume, a lot of money.

I could get guys for 75,000 bucks a year that have far more talent than him. I'll take -- as an example, any one of you. But we could put people on for  so, Greg Gutfeld is the only one that's really got talent. He does have talent. He's got an amazing talent.

Yeah.

That's it.

I'm the speaker, yeah.

Sometimes they do, and sometimes they said, "Do you mind keeping it quiet?" I have a lot.

You know, people go into the voter booth, and they vote for me. And then, they go on a television show and they'll say bad stuff.

So, it's a very interesting phenomena. I shouldn't be unhappy about it, but I don't know. There's a liberal bent in the country, and people think that they're better off being that side, even though it doesn't work. In other words, it's politically correct, but the country would die if you went with that.

It would absolutely die. They vote for me. They vote for me. I do well in California. If we had an honest vote, I'm telling you, in California, I think I'd win California.

So, I did win in Long Island. I had the arena, the Islander arena. The -- I think it's called Nassau Coliseum or something. It's the equivalent of, like, Madison Square Garden. I just signed on Madison Square Garden. I hope you guys -- hey, you guys have to come.

Oh, I want you to come. I'll sell it out very quickly. Look, we're going to a place -- I don't know what the number is going to be, but in Butler, Pennsylvania, the other day, we had 101,000 people. You saw that, right?

It was honoring really Corey --

The firefighter who was great.

But he died. You know, he died at a rally. He was shot by a lunatic. And two other people were supposed to die, but they had great doctors, and they didn't. But we had 101,000 people. I think you're going to have a lot of people today.

Now, here's the bad news. It's going to be 102 degrees, so I have to go.

When you're coming with me, we're having a little fun.

OK.

Because I see my people are going crazy over there.

At a certain point -- you know, at a certain point, you don't mind if they go crazy. But then you say, OK, it's time to go. Time to go, right? OK.

You never folded.

Oh, by the way -- that's true. They never folded. They said we're not going to take it, and we all took it together, right?

But I did predict what was going to happen.

But you set your all-time record, right?

You had 12 million people in a matter of minutes, and then they said, we're not going to -- all because I wanted to say how corrupt the election was. I told you that would happen. They can't defend it, so what they do is they try and siphon it.

It's pretty bad. OK. We'll change it.

Yeah.

By coming back on your show.

I'll come back on your show.

Actually, success is going to unify the country.

I had that. We were so successful, and this country was getting unified. People that you would have never thought would have been involved and talked. They were calling, they were meeting radical left people, very liberal, liberal Democrats. We had the best numbers. Everything was the best. We had the best numbers, we had the best trades, we had the best employment numbers.

African American; Asian American; Hispanic American; men; women; high school education; a degree from MIT, Harvard, and the Wharton School of Finance, right --

Everybody was doing their best, and the country was becoming unified. And I saw it. I wouldn't have said this. I wouldn't have given you this answer otherwise. Success will unify the country. OK?

We'll do it. Let's do it.

You guys are great guys. You have a good thing going.

Who would have thought?

Who would have thought, right?

Who would have thought? Yup. Get out and vote. Make sure you vote for Trump. Now, if you don't vote for Trump, don't vote. Don't vote.

Thank you.