Well, it was pretty amazing, actually, according to a lot of people that know about shooting, like my sons and others. They thought it was pretty amazing. And, you know, a great person was killed. I got to know his family very well, Corey. And the two people were very badly injured, actually, they thought they maybe probably wouldn't make it, and they're going to be OK. They're going to be fine, but they went through a lot.

And it was -- it was a bad day. It was a bad day, no question about it.

My hair is good. My hair is good. My ear was a little bit hit, to put it mildly, but my hair was left alone. That's true. That's true.

Right.

Right.

Right.

Well, golf is different. It's -- first of all, it's a huge disadvantage anyway. But golf is a lot different than being punched in the face like that young lady from Italy was today, where she took two shots, and she said, "I'm out of here, I never got hit like that before in my life." And she was supposed to be a very good boxer, but she said, "This is crazy." But the golf's a little -- because you still have to be able to putt and other things.

But even in golf, you know, there's a big difference in distance. That's why, as you said, better than anybody. That's why they have the ladies' tees and the men's tees and all of that. So, obviously, it's -- you know, a big part of what I say -- one of the things that gets the biggest applause, just about, and it's -- I have other things that are very important, like the border.

We got to close the wall, we got to drill, baby, drill, all of that. But one of the things that gets the biggest applause, and you know this because you've been to many of the rallies. I had a great one in Harrisburg last night. It was unbelievable, actually. And what gets the biggest applause is we will not allow men to play in women's sports.

And, you know, I usually use weightlifting as a good example. You could use swimming, you could use a lot of different -- but weightlifting is so good. But I think it's been replaced by boxing because --

This young lady said, "I've never been hit like that. It was like getting hit by a horse." So, I mean, she took two punches, and she said, "That's it. I'm out. I'm out."

Right.

Well, they've gone -- this is where they've been. They've gone, you know, into the whole thing with men can do anything they want. They can go into the locker rooms, they can do whatever they want, they transition. And they've been -- that's where they've been. And people don't understand it. To me, you know, I say we run a campaign on common sense.

The Republican Party and MAGA, it's about common sense probably more than it is about being conservative or anything else. It's common sense. We want to have a strong border. We want to have low taxes. We want to have good education. We don't want to have men playing in women's sports. But this is where they are.

The whole party is crazy. And they took him out, they did a coup with him. And it wasn't a friendly coup, it was a vicious coup. You know, he had all the votes, and they just said, "We'll do it the easy way or the hard way." And they took him out. You know, from my standpoint, here we are working against him.

He's down for the count practically. And it's like if you had a fighter like Dana White, the great Dana White, you have a fighter, and he's not doing well, and you take him out, you put somebody else in. But I don't think she's going to do well because her policies are so bad. I mean, she wants open borders, she wants the all-electric cars in a very short period of time.

No more gasoline powered cars or hybrids or any of that. It's just ridiculous. This -- the country looks so stupid to the rest of the world.

Well, they're the weird ones. And if you've ever seen her with the laugh and everything else, that's a weird deal going on there. She's -- they're the weird ones. Nobody's ever called me weird. I'm a lot of things, but weird I'm not. And I'm up front. And he's not either, I will tell you. JD is not at all.

They are. I mean, who wants to have open borders where prisoners -- that's weird, where prisoners and where mental institution patients are taken out of hospitals and jails, and they're let into our country. That's weird. Who would want that policy? Who wants the men and women's sports policy? Who wants to quadruple your taxes?

The whole thing is weird. And the way they do elections is weird. And, no, they're the weird ones. But, you know what it is, it's a soundbite. You've been watching it. "Russia, Russia, Russia. Ukraine, Ukraine, Ukraine," it's all a soundbite. And the press picks it up. Do you notice, the evening news, every one of them's talked -- you know, they introduce the word weird, and all of a sudden they're talking about weird.

No, we're not weird people. We're actually just the opposite. We're right down the middle.

Right.

Yeah, go ahead.

Well, he's incompetent. And, you know, he was so adjudged by his own -- his own -- if you take a look his own council, if you look at the prosecutor, who we call it a prosecutor, they call it a council. And he came out and he said with respect to the documents case, he said essentially that he's incompetent.

You know, that was an interesting thing. He's incompetent to stand trial, but he's allowed to be president. That's a very interesting thing. He can't stand trial because he's grossly incompetent.

No, I heard that. I heard he said this. Why didn't Trump get him out? And he was taken during that time. You know, I got out 59 different people, 59. And I didn't pay money. I didn't pay money. You know, once you do that, these deals are going to happen more and more because the amount of things, including cash, that we give up is so astronomical.

This is a big deal. And they allowed some really rough people out. You know that, right?

And they did in the case of Brittney Griner also. They allowed -- what was he, the --

Yeah. And --

Yeah. One of the greatest -- the greatest arms dealer in the world. You know, and look, these are rough deals. To make these deals, sometimes you have to be different. But we got out 59 without having to pay. I got people out of North Korea. That's -- you don't get tougher than that. And --

Yeah, tough stuff.

That's OK.

Yup.

Yeah.

From day one. From day one, it'll be ended. It'll be ended. And there'll be no tax on tips, and seniors won't have to pay tax on social security. And we'll do lots of different things. The seniors, you know, that's been really hitting. The seniors paying tax on social security, it's a lot, and we're not going to do that.

So, all of that. But I can tell you one thing, men will not be playing in women's sports. And you guys can write it down, mark it down, and never speak to me again, although that might be an honor for me. It'd make my life easier. But never speak to me again if I violate that. Nope, it won't happen. When you look at this young lady from a different country, what difference does it make?

Just look and say, "Oh, man, what hit me? I just got hit by a horse." And she just -- I've never seen that, where two jabs, and she said, "I've had enough." And, you know, you can't take it, it's ridiculous. The whole thing is ridiculous. The whole country is a laughing stock. Our country has become a laughing stock all over the world.

And we're going to change it, and we're going to make America great again, and you guys know it.

Oh, wow.

Oh, he was so good.

Yeah.

Thank you. And Rush would be proud of you guys, I can tell you that. I knew him well. He was great. He was -- he's really missed. Have a good time. Thanks, fellas.