Well, I'm doing good. We have some good numbers coming out. We have -- the polls have been phenomenal. I'm so happy to see. I mean, it's incredible, what's happening, with all the fake trials and all of this. It's really Biden retribution. It's Biden something. The guy can't put two sentences together. But that's what they do is they cheat.

And so, we have -- but we just got some great poll numbers, and we've had them really for months now. So, we're very happy about it.

I say it all the time. If anybody that's Jewish votes for him or Democrats, they have to have their head examined. It's -- they are -- they are being treated so badly and have been for years. Don't forget the Iran nuclear deal. Israel begged them not to do that deal. I ended it. But they begged them. And unfortunately, the Democrats did nothing with it after the election was rigged and they did nothing about it. But we would have had that whole thing worked out.

But it was -- it is just amazing that a person who happens to be Jewish can be voting for -- for this guy is -- doesn't make sense to me at all. A lot of things don't make sense having to do with what they're doing, from the border to all of the -- to men playing in women's sports. I mean, the world is like a cuckoo's nest right now with -- with what they do.

It's unbelievable.

Right.

And he's destroying your energy industry --

Which is actually a big energy that a lot of people -- big industry that a lot of people don't know about. He's totally destroying it. So, what he's got is bounce back. We had the greatest economy in history, then we had the COVID, and they -- the jobs went down quickly, and then, you know, we have a bounce back.

With a pandemic, you have a very big bounce back, and it all comes at one time. So, they got a bounce back from our numbers. That's all that is. And even the stock market, the stock market is good because I'm leading in all the polls. If I weren't leading in all the polls, the stock market would be, I think, 25% to 30% down from where it is right now.

All I say is they better hope I win because you're going to have a 1929 number if I don't win.

Well, you'll tell Duffy the following. I was not in Washington very much over the course of my life. They say it was 17 times. And I never slept over, right? And I didn't really know the Washington establishment so much, but I got to know it. And I put a lot of great people in, but I also put people that I wouldn't have had.

The biggest thing is always the people. If you put great people, then you have no problem. We had a lot of them, on trade, in the military. We had incredible people. The real -- don't forget, I defeated ISIS in four weeks. It was supposed to take five years, but they said, "I don't even know if we can do it." We did.

We did a -- we did so many incredible things: Space Force, we rebuilt our military, largest tax cuts in history, largest regulation cuts in history. So, we had a lot of great people. But the big thing would be, you know, there are a couple of them -- and immediately, I won't even mention their names because people aren't talking about them anymore, but there are a couple of people that let the both of you and me and a couple and -- and basically the Republicans and the country down.

And the biggest thing is people. And now, I know the good, the bad, the ugly. I know them all. And we're going to have -- we're going to come out and have the strongest border. We're going to have the strongest military. We're going to be in great shape. And it's going to go fast. We're going to have to deport a lot of people that came in. They're coming in from prisons.

They're coming in from mental institutions. We're going to have to be deporting a lot of people out of here, but we're going to do that and we're going to bring our country back and we're going to make America great again.

It's crazy. It's crazy.

On day one -- don't forget, that was done as an order from the president.

That came down as an executive order. And we're going to change it. On day one, it's going to be changed. We're going to end it. That's right. Boys can go into girls' locker rooms. The whole thing is crazy. Look, it's like men playing in women's sports. It's like open borders for the world to come in, send all their prisoners.

We'll take as many as you can give us. Send all their people from mental institutions. No, we'll get that changed. Tell your people not to worry about it. It'll be signed on day one. It'll be terminated.

He's seen it. He doesn't have to hear it. He's a smart one. He doesn't have to hear much. But he's a great guy. He's a little on the tall side, I will tell you. He's a tall one. But he's a good-looking guy, and he's -- he's really been a great student. And he does like politics. It's sort of funny. He'll tell me sometimes, "Dad, this is what you have to do." So, anyway, he's a -- he's a good guy.

He's a -- he's a senior now in high school, and he'll be going to college. And, you know, a lot of a -- lot of these choices of colleges are changing because you see what's going on in the last month. Biden has totally lost control of the country. And just to finish up, he is the worst president. When you take a look at what happens, he is the worst president in the history of our country, without question, by far.

Jimmy, if you look at -- if you look at whether it's Jimmy or whether it's anybody else, pick -- pick the five worst. There's no way. I mean, Jimmy Carter, by comparison, is a genius compared to Biden. He's the worst president. He's the worst president in the history of our country. There's nobody even close.

And we have to win. November 5th is going to be a very big day. I think it's going to be the most important day in the history of our country.

That's Election Day, by the way, in case anybody doesn't know.

Thank you.

Good. And I hope you'll both be there. Bring your family.

And we're going to have a tremendous crowd. And it's 5 o'clock in Wildwood, and we're going to have a big, big crowd. It's going to be wild.

OK. Thank you very much. See you then. So long. Bye.