Right.

Well, I think it's very important. We went to Congress. We had every congressperson. Marjorie was there, everybody was there. And that was great. That was a love fest and everybody behind us. And then we went to the roundtable, the Business Roundtable, and that was something special. We had every major CEO there, and that was incredible, actually.

That was an incredible hour and 15 minutes. And then we went to the Senate, and it was the same thing. We had the senators, just about all of them were there, and it was great. The Republican senators, the -- I think the spirit and the unity is greater than anybody's ever seen. I don't think we've ever seen anything like it, actually, Brian.

It's -- it's been amazing.

So, what we have to do is immediately drill, baby, drill. As I say, we have more liquid gold under our feet. We'll reduce energy costs there at a record high. We'll reduce them. Everything is going to start coming down. That's what started the problem. We were at $40 a barrel. We were very -- I mean, we were heading in such a great direction in every way.

We were energy-independent. We were going to be energy-dominant. We were going to sell all over the world. We're going to start reducing debt. We had things going like nobody's ever seen before. We had the greatest economy. And then this guy comes in, he's the worst president in history. He comes in, and he wants to change it. It wasn't even -- some people say he changed it just because I did it. How stupid would that be? Because if he left the border alone, if he left energy alone, if he left all this stuff alone, he could have coasted as a president.

But he destroyed everything. He always has. He destroyed everything he touched. And the energy went up. And with the energy came everything else, and we had the worst inflation probably ever in our country's history.

He's -- he's getting -- Don is getting some reception. And I have wonderful children. They're great. They're loving. They're -- they're really good people. They're good people. And having them around is just, for me, is a very good thing, very good thing. And we love our children. And it's Father's Day, and it's a good time to have good children.

Just love your family, love your children, keep them around, keep them happy as you can be, but run them a little bit tough. You have to be a little bit tough with them sometimes. But it's great to be a father, and it's great to have wonderful children and family and wife and all of those things. And to have that, you have to be a little bit lucky, too.

You have to be a little bit lucky. Just keep them as healthy as you can, keep them really healthy. And it's an honor to be with you.

Thank you very much. You, too.

Happy Father's Day.