We're going to start by drilling and getting oil. I call it "drill, baby, drill." We're going to start by going in and getting oil because energy prices is what really led to the problem of inflation, which is a massive problem. It's much higher than they're actually saying. People are getting absolutely destroyed in so many different areas.

It was all started by two things: overspending by the government needlessly and also, and very importantly, the tremendous cost of energy because energy is such a big subject and such a big factor in life in terms of businesses, in terms of homes, air-conditioning, heating, cars, gasoline. The cost of energy has to be brought down, and I think that I'll be able to cut that better than in half within the first 12 to 16 or 17 months of my administration.

If I do that, prices are going to be coming down very substantially.

We'll protect it with growth. I don't want to do anything having to do with increasing age. I won't do that. As you know, I was there for four years and never even thought about doing it. I'm going to do nothing to Social Security. We're going to protect it through strengthening our country. We're going to protect it through growth.

We're going to have tremendous growth in our country with all of the things that we're doing from a business standpoint and from a commonsense standpoint, and we'll be protecting it through growth.

These are really unrecognized people that have done such a good job, and frankly, if you didn't have these people doing what they're doing, the government would be in worse shape than it is even now. We're going to recognize that. It's something that has long been on my mind. I started focusing on it very, very substantially, and we're going to do something.

These people have been unbelievable. In many ways, they're angels. They're just extra­ordinary people. They give up so much, and they get so little other than they want to take care of their loved ones, which is a very powerful incentive. We're going to do something to help them out financially, and we have various plans coming in, and you're going to be the first to hear the plans.

It's very unfair to people, very unfair.

The sad part is with Biden, inflation has been so devastating that where people were saving with me because they had low interest rates and no inflation -- don't forget, I had low interest rates, and I had essentially no inflation -- they have high interest rates and the worst inflation we've ever had. That is a killer for people who have done it the right way.

And the right way is to go out, save your money and you're going to have money and you're going to make interest on your money and make investments with your money. Those people have been absolutely destroyed by inflation and what's happened. The people that saved money, that was supposed to be the American dream except the American dream turned out to be the American nightmare for the people that did it right.

The people that saved -- you're supposed to save in this country; it's always been that way -- the people that saved got killed by inflation. They were actually taking money out of their accounts instead of putting money back into their accounts.

As a result of the aggressive actions I took during my first year in the White House, drug prices declined more than they had in half a century in 2018 alone. I was also proud to institute rules giving seniors $35 EpiPens and insulin, allowing prescription drugs to be imported from Canada for the first time, and took steps to ensure that Americans would not pay more than wealthy Europeans for the same drugs.

When reelected as president, I will continue my efforts to protect Americans from unaffordable drug prices and ensure seniors are protected from the massive Medicare premium increases resulting from the Biden-Harris Inflation Reduction Act. I will keep any drug savings in Medicare, and I will finish what we started in my first term.

What we have to do is make our country successful again. This has to do with Medicare and Social Security and other things. We have to let our country become successful, make our country successful again, and we'll be able to do that. We have tremendous opportunities like as an example, with what I call the "liquid gold" under our feet.

We have more oil and gas than any other country in the world by far, and we don't use it. We use a very small portion of it. We will be bigger than Russia and Saudi Arabia combined, and we will be able to make our country so successful that these questions will not -- they'll really just not come to the fore.

Growth is a very big factor in everything I say. We can grow our country. Our country hasn't been growing. We can grow our country at the bottom line.

We're going to make sure that Americans are able to work . But we're going to make sure that they're not going to have to work. We're going to take care of them. But if they want , that would be a great asset. You know, we lose some of the best people we have because they think they're going to retire at a certain age, and the fact is, they really don't want to retire.

So we're going to incentivize people if they want to go out into the workforce. But , we're going to take care of them. We're going to make all of our programs strong, and we're going to make our country strong.

We're going to make sure that they're allowed to work. They're some of the best workers you can get, and we're going to make sure that there is no tax on Social Security benefits, which is a big deal. People wait for years to get Social Security, and then they get there, and inflation has destroyed them, so we're going to have no tax on Social Security, which is a very, very big event and nobody else is talking about it. You know they pay tax on this small amount of money relatively that they're getting, and yet inflation has destroyed them.

Very unfair, so we're going to have no tax on Social Security for seniors.

We'll build out our internet system. Biden has done nothing. He's done very little on that, but we're going to build out our internet system. It's moving. We had it really going along good, and then a lot of it was stopped, but we're going to be building out our internet system. They have to have access.

We're going to go through our departments, our law enforcement, and we're going to be very tough on it. People are being scammed all the time in so many different ways. We're going to be very, very tough on protecting our senior citizens, and it will happen. Many things we're going to do, but we have to let law enforcement get involved.

Right now, there is no retribution. They can do whatever they want. They can steal their money. There is no retribution. There will be retribution to people that hurt our senior citizens.

The biggest thing I can tell you is we're going to let people know loud and clear that Social Security is not changing. But what I'm going to do is we're going to create energy like nobody has ever had in this country. With me, we were energy independent, but we are going to become energy dominant. We're going to make a tremendous amount of money.

We're going to pay down debt. We're going to reduce taxes. I mean the taxes that we've been able to cut -- it's the largest tax cut in the history of our country, and we still have a ways to go with that. That's going to be very helpful. We're going to make sure our seniors are taken care of 100 percent. Don't forget, I'm a senior.

We're going to make our seniors happy, healthy and strong.