Yeah.

Right. Well, as you know, I was always for IVF, right from the beginning, as soon as we heard about it. It's fertilization, and it's helping women and men and families, but it's helping women able to have a baby. Some have great difficulty, and a lot of them have been very happy with the results, as you know.

And what we're doing -- and we're doing this because we just think it's great and we need great children, beautiful children in our country. We actually need them. And we are going to be -- under the Trump administration, we are going to be paying for that treatment. So, we are paying for that treatment, or we're going --

All -- for all Americans that get it. All Americans that need it. So, we're going to be paying for that treatment or we're going to be mandating that the insurance company pay.

Under a mandate, yes.

Yeah.

Well, I think the six week is too short. It has to be more time. And so, that's -- and I've told them that I want more weeks.

I'm -- I'm voting that -- I am going to be voting that we need more than six weeks. Look, just so you understand, everybody wanted Roe v. Wade terminated for years, 52 years. I got it done. They wanted it to go back to the states. Exceptions are very important for me, for Ronald Reagan, for others that have navigated this very, very interesting and difficult path.

Our country has been torn apart by Roe v. Wade, for years, for years. And if you go back 10 years, 15 years, all they wanted to do is they wanted it back in the states. They didn't want it to be in the federal government. I was able to do that. I believe in exceptions for life of the mother, if -- if you look, incest, rape.

I was asked to go there by people who lost their child because of Biden and Harris. Because their pullout was so bad of Afghanistan, they lost their child. And all of a sudden, I hear that somebody that I have no idea who it is got into an argument with somebody else at the cemetery about pictures being taken.

I took them at the request of the families, and I'm very happy I did.

Well, we have a lot of people. You know, we have people, TikTok people. You know, we're leading the internet. They could --

Well, I don't know what the rules and regulations are. I don't know who did it. And I -- it could have been them. It could have been the parents. It could have been somebody.

OK. I really don't know anything about it. All I do is I stood there and I said, "If you'd like to have a picture, we can have a picture."

It was incredible that that happened, that I was turned at that particular point where something -- the shooters would say it was like almost 100 percent that bad things would have happened. So, I view it as, you know, a very positive event. Maybe it's positive because somebody wants me to take care of our country, which is failing so badly.