Thank you very much. This is a nice crowd.

And you know what else? They fight for themselves. And they've been fighting for a long time. And we're going to make your fight easier. It's very important. We're going to make it easier because what's happened to our country in the last almost four years now, it's hard to believe. But if you look at the borders, if you look at inflation, you look at the Afghanistan disaster, the most embarrassing time in the history of our country, I think the most embarrassing moment in the history of our country, Afghanistan, the way they did not -- getting out -- I was getting out with dignity strength -- the way they got out was the most embarrassing thing that ever happened -- probably led to Putin going into Ukraine.

He looked at it, and he said, "These people aren't very good. Are they?" He would have never done that with me. So, you know, we're all in this together. We got to win the election, November 5th.

China.

No, they have -- you know, China took over. And one of the things -- get out -- we were there like for 20 years. I said, "What are we doing here?" So, we get the hell out. But you know I had a talk with the Taliban and we didn't lose one soldier in 18 months until this catastrophe happened when they took over.

But you know, one of the things, we -- aside from everything else, we left -- we spent billions of dollars years ago to build a big air base. And you knew that one from your own time.

A big one, a really good one, powerful runways, long runways. And you know what happened. I'll tell you. They gave it up. And it was one hour away from where China built -- forget about Afghanistan. One hour away from where China builds its nuclear weapons. Would have been very nice to have -- and China now occupies that air base. So, it's terrible, it's terrible.

Good.

Where's Reed? There he is. Hi, Reed.

Nice-looking guy.

All right. Good. It's a great question, and a lot of people have this question. First of all, it's too expensive to build the homes, and they're building them and they cost a fortune. And 30 percent of the cost in some locations is the cost of, like, planning and certificates. And all a lot of nonsense, they do, they make you go through hell and it takes years to get them, zoning approvals, all of the approvals you need.

We're going to get rid of a lot of that, but most importantly, we're going to get interest rates brought way down. You know, we were -- we had interest rates at 2 percent. And now, they're 10 percent and you can't get the money. We had 2 percent. And there was plenty of money for everybody. And you know I called the home part of the American dream.

We're going to create the American dream for young people and for older people, too, by the way. We're not going to forget -- I mean, I happen to be a very young man, but we're not going to forget the older people. We're not going to forget the older people. By the way, no tax on Social Security benefits for the older people -- for those.

I guess, you know somebody said, "Oh, he's got a conflict of interest because he benefits by that. I'll give mine up if I, you know, save tax. But no, we're going to do that for the older people. That's a big deal because you've been eaten alive with inflation and all I'm doing is getting you back to even.

I think when we do that we're probably just getting you -- you know, you have fixed income and you went up numbers like 30 percent, 40 percent, 50 percent depending on what they include, you know, they like to say it was a 20 percent increase. It wasn't. It was 30 percent, 40 percent, and 50 percent, depending on what they want to include, so we're going to do that.

But Reed, getting back to you, we're going to drill, baby, drill. We're going to have so much energy, and we're going to bring prices down because you know your prices are up. Don't forget the damage is done. We have the worst president and the worst vice president in the history of our country by far.

And let me tell you she is worse than him. And he's actually -- I didn't think I'd ever say this about anybody. She's actually -- you take a look at it. She's more dangerous than him, but he's actually smarter than her. I never thought I'd say that. I never thought I'd say that. But look, we're going to get it down, we're going to drill, we're going to get the energy down.

When the energy comes down, prices are going to come down. All of that prices -- because you know? When they say, oh -- although they had very bad inflation numbers last month, you saw that, very, very bad inflation numbers despite the big -- you know, they did this big drop. Probably too big a drop, I'm not going to get into that.

But we're going to get the prices down. Because the damage has been done, if we had no inflation now, such damage has been done, the highest -- in my opinion, the biggest inflation in the history of our country. They didn't include a lot of the bad numbers. I'll give you an example, on housing and on different things -- like crime statistics are fake.

They were fake statistics. They didn't include some cities that were really bad. So, the crime looked like it was just bad as opposed to being horrific. Jobs, 818,000 fake jobs they added, and they padded the job numbers a couple of months ago, so that they'd look better on jobs. They were fake, they were fraudulent jobs.

And they thought they'd announce the real numbers after the election. But we had a whistleblower or somebody that let it out, so they cheated us on -- think of that 818,000 jobs, they cheated. You know, usually, when you have those numbers, it's 9,000 jobs off. This is almost a million jobs off. It's not even possible.

So, we're going to bring things. And Reed, you're going to buy that house and you're going to pay 2.5 percent, 3 percent interest. And you're going to say, "I love this guy" because interest rates, Reed, will follow as the energy goes down. And I made another commitment. I made it over the last month, I've been making it.

We have more liquid gold under our feet than Saudi Arabia, than Russia, than any other country. I'm going to bring down your energy costs 50 percent in the first year, 5-0, 50 percent. And I better do it because I'm all over the place saying -- I'm going to have problems if I don't get it done. But we have all the capacity to do it.

Nobody else can make that statement. We have so much energy, we don't even use it. We get energy from Venezuela, they don't have good oil. You know they have tar, they have tar that you have to liquefy. And you know where they do it? In Houston, Texas, because that's where we have the plant. It's the only plant in the world that can do it.

We do it in Houston. So, for the environmentalists out there, this is not a pretty picture of what flows into the air, right? But we're going to use our beautiful liquid gold. And when we get everything else down houses, everything's going to come. It's going to be beautiful. You're going to have a house, just wait a little while.

Give me a little while, let me get in. One year from January 20th, we will have your energy prices cut in half all over the country.

Yeah, the Commonwealth. Make sure --

Make sure, you know --

By the way, this is a really great governor, a very successful governor. She read some of the numbers. I -- and I thought she would because why not? Nobody else will do it, but I will.

Because I do it for my friends. No, you did it beautifully, too.

She has done a fantastic job as governor. And I will say this, I went to school here. You never -- I just want to forewarn her because I've seen it happen and it's career-threatening. Don't ever call it a state, it's a Commonwealth. And I was saying oh --

Has somebody -- because a lot of innocent lambs have come up, and they start talking to the people of Pennsylvania. I love you people, I know you so well. I'm here all the time. I'm here all the time. But yeah, I went to school here. I went to the Wharton School, the great Wharton School of Finance, and they were great.

It's a great place. It's a great place. But I went to college here. So never ever even think -- I watched one man crash and burn. He kept calling it the state. I kept saying it's the Commonwealth. And by the time the evening -- I think his political career ended there. So, go ahead.

Great.

Where are they?

Oh, come on up here. Come on up.

Come on up.

It's a little harder to get up since I got shot. They've made it more difficult. Perhaps that's the way it's supposed to be.

Hello. How are you?

Under Obama is right, under Obama. Please, on behalf of your son.

So, here's what we're going to do, in the first week -- let me have it, not the first day because I made a lot of promises in the first day. We're going to drill, baby, drill. We're going to close up the border. We're going to do a lot in the first day. In the first week, we will set up a commission.

We're going to find out -- because so many people in your same position, they want to know what happened, why did it happened to their son or daughter. And we're going to do that within the first week. So, you get ready to come over to the White House. OK? All right?

That was both a celebration, a remembrance, it was -- it had all emotion, right? There were every -- they were happy, they were sad, they were devastated, but they remembered their beautiful boy, right?

Their beautiful boy, and we're not going to forget -- we're going to find out what happened, we're going to do that within the first week. And you have my word, OK?

Thanks, Charles.  Thank you.

What a nice couple.

Thank you.

Thank you, darling. Thank you. That's tough stuff.

And like what we were discussing in Afghanistan with the 13 family members, they feel that bad things happened, stupid things happened. And you hate for that to be, and it's your son or your daughter, .

It should have never happened in Afghanistan. I can tell you that, the 13 that died. And you know, they don't mention, there were many people wounded, too. And I mean, seriously wounded with the legs and the arms and the face. And we're going to give them everything they want. I've gotten to know those families. Thanks.

Hi, Angelina.

Let me stand up for you. Go ahead.

So, you know it's such a great question in the sense that people don't think of grocery. You know, it sounds like not such an important word when you talk about homes and everything else, right? But more people tell me about grocery bills where the price of bacon, the price of lettuce, the price of tomatoes, they tell me, and we're going to do a lot of things.

You know, our farmers aren't being treated properly. And we had a deal with China, and it was a great deal. I never mentioned it because once COVID came in, I said that was a bridge too far -- because I had a great relationship with President Xi. And he's a fierce man and he's a man that likes China -- and I understand that.

But we had a deal, and he was perfect on that deal, $50 billion, he was going to buy. We were doing numbers like you wouldn't believe for the farmer, but the farmers are very badly hurt, the farmers in this country. We're going to get them straightened out, we're going to get your prices down. But you asked another question about safety and also about Black population jobs and Hispanic population, in particular, those two.

So, when millions of people pour into our country, they're having a devastating effect on Black families and Hispanic families more than any others. I think it's going to spread to a lot of other places. I think it's going to spread to unions. I think unions are going to have a big problem because, you know, employers are just not going to pay the price they're going to -- and it's going to be -- it's a very bad thing that's happening.

So, they're coming in -- many are coming in from jails and prisons and mental institutions, insane asylums, that's like, you know, a step above, right, insane asylum. And whenever I go Hannibal Lecter, you know what I'm talking about, they always go the fake news. That's a lot of fake news back there, too.

They always mention -- you know, it's a way of demeaning. They say, "Hannibal Lecter, why would he mention -- well, you know why? Because he was a sick puppy," and we have sick puppies coming into our country. I figure that's a lot -- that's better than wasting a lot of words. You just say Hannibal Lecter, we don't want him.

But they always sort of say, "Why would he say that?" I do it for a lot of reasons, but I do it because we are allowing some very bad people into our country, and they're coming as terrorists, you know? You saw the other day, last month, they had the record number of terrorists. I had a month -- and I love Border Patrol.

Did you see they gave me a full endorsement two days ago? The Border Patrol, and they're great, And you know, they want to do their job. They don't want to let these people come in, they look at them, they can tell -- they could look at somebody and say good, bad. They say what's coming into our country now, it's having a huge, negative impact on Black families and on Hispanic families, and ultimately on everybody.

And we're going to close that border so tight, it's going to be closed. And I said the two things I'm going to do, first, we're going to close that border, and people are going to come in -- you want people to come in, we need people to come in. People are going to come into our country legally. You know, it's so unfair.

You have people that are waiting on a system, on a line, and they've been waiting in this line. You know how long for years, 10 years, 12 years, and they study and they take tests. And then people come -- I actually say, "Why don't you just go in the -- just come on across." I tell people that, it's terrible, right? I said, "Go out, you're incredible."

They say, "What can I do to speed up the process?" I say, "You know what? Go to the southern border. I'll see you on the other side." It's so unfair, but we're going to have them come in legally. You have to see what they have to do. They take tests -- and you know who is the first one here. What date was this? What does 1776 mean? What -- all this stuff.

And these other people are coming in -- and they're affecting the school systems and they're affecting the hospital system. I mean, if you take a look at what's going on in Springfield, Ohio, a town of 50,000 people, they've just added 32,000 people, illegal immigrants. And we're not going to put up with it, and we're going to take care of -- your costs are going to come down, and you're not going to have a problem with -- because the biggest problem -- and I'm hearing it from Black people -- and to a lesser extent right now, but it will be the same, Hispanic people.

And I'll tell you what, our poll numbers have gone through the roof with Black and Hispanic -- have gone through the roof. And I like that, I like that, I like that. So, we're going to take care of it. You will be -- I'll tell you, if everything works out, if everybody gets out and votes on January 5th or before -- you know it used to be -- you'd have a date.

Today, you can vote two months before, probably three months after, they don't know what the hell they're doing. But we're going to straighten it all out. We're going to straighten that out, too. We're going to straighten our election process out, too. That's going to be important also. So, thank you very much, darling.

We're going to get it straight. Thank you.

It is an invasion like we've never seen before. And you know, if it was an invasion of people that deserved to come in or that will love the country, it will be great. You know, she used to go around saying, "They don't commit crime." Have you seen the gang from Venezuela, what they've done in Aurora, Colorado, where --

Yeah, they said it's only a few. It's only a few.

And by the way, it's hundreds all over the country. And they're like me, they're in the real estate business, but they take it over with rifles. They take it over with a level of sophistication because you know a lot about guns from where you come and you like it, and I'm a big protector of the Second Amendment.

We've gotten totally endorsed -- and if you think that's easy, it's not easy, but the NRA gave me total endorsement. I assume you got total endorsement. We have no choice. We have to have it. I mean, especially when you have -- you know, it's amazing. These radical left lunatics, they want everybody to come into our country.

Many of those people are criminals. And then they want to also take your guns away simultaneously. They don't want your guns, but they want them to come in.  So, you need it for protection. You know, if somebody knows that you have a gun in your house, they say, "Let's go after somebody else."

People put signs, you know, this gun or -- we have -- some of them actually spelled the kind of a gun they have. We have an AK-47 inside. And people say, "You know what? Let's just" -- and I knew about an AK-47 from a few weeks ago and the AR-15, I know about that one, too. I know a lot. But you know what? You have a lot of bad people out there, and you can't -- you know, it just can't be a one-way street.

You know, one thing, if -- because she wants to take your guns away. If you take them away, the bad guys are not giving them up. That's the only thing. I don't think the good people are giving them up either, you want to know the truth. But the bad guys, the bad guys are not giving up their guns. That's the only thing I know for certain, right?

Is he doing a good job?

I think that -- you know all bad numbers, we have a lot of bad numbers. There's so much bad happened in this administration. It's disgraceful. You know, as an example, there'd be no war with Russia and Ukraine. There's no way -- I get along very well with Putin. I got -- I fully understand what's happening.

It was the apple of his eye. He used to talk about it. But I said, "You're not going in," and he wasn't going in. It's only because of Biden. He looked at this guy, he can't even believe it. But the same with Ukraine. I got along very well with Zelenskyy, very well. In fact, he came to New York two weeks ago.

He came to see me, and I got along very well with him. I'm going to negotiate that thing out. That is now a death trap. You have cities that are all down. Those gorgeous, golden domes, those magnificent domes are laying on their side all busted up after -- I don't know, they're a thousand years old or something, the heritage -- what's happened there.

But many more people are killed than they're reporting. They knocked down -- that was my business. They have apartment houses that are really -- they're like three blocks, city blocks long, not that tall, but pretty tall, and they are big, and they knocked it down with a missile, and they say two people were slightly injured.

You know, a lot of people -- the number of people dying in the Ukraine-Russia war is a far greater number than anybody knows. And Biden has done nothing about it. He hasn't even spoken to Putin in over a year -- know nothing about it. And this is a war that has to end, and we're going to get that war ended.

I'm going to try -- and I think I can -- get it ended as president-elect. In other words, before I even take over the White House. Got to stop the people from dying. They said to me, "Well, whose side are you on?" I was interviewed by fake news, CNN, you know, fake news. Uh-oh, their camera just went off, their camera just went off.

No, no, their camera just went off, OK. It always happens. Whenever I point to them, they -- immediately they turn off because they know it. But I was -- Caitlin Collins, a nice person. But Caitlin Collins is interviewing me and she said, "Well, whose side are you on?" I said, "It's not a question of sides. I want people to stop dying. That's all. I want people to stop dying."

And you know, it was a very interesting thing because it was a CNN, it was like -- there's a smaller room, much smaller. This is a big room.

This is a very big room, but it was a much smaller room, but they had all people in there from CNN Within the first five minutes, they were totally on my side because it's common sense, and we're now the party of common sense. I say it, we're conservative, but we're the party of common sense. We need walls, we want good education, we want low interest rates.

We want to be able to buy a house. We want jobs. And you know what, we want a strong military. I rebuilt our entire military. And we want a strong military, and ideally, a strong military that we don't have to use. Isn't that even better? We'll have a strong military. If we don't have to use it, that's even better.

Hi, Jani.

Thank you.

Thank you.

So, great, because small businesses are actually bigger than big businesses when you add them all up, and it's very important. And it sounds like yours -- I would love your food. I can tell by looking at that guy. I think I'd like to go over there. If I'm over there, I'm going to stop there. The fact is that, you know, they want to get away from gas.

And I have friends that are into the cooking world, I'm not. I just like to eat, but they're into the cooking. And I don't know how you feel. It sounds like you -- they feel that you really -- gas is much better than the electric for cooking, right? And they have this thing about -- you know, they want to put gas out of business, right? No gas.

You know the amazing thing? We don't have electric in this country, but we have all the gas you can use. We have all the -- we have oil and gas, that's what we have. And even the cars, if you look, they want to go with all-electric cars. California is having blackouts every week, brownouts, blackouts.

And then they come up with rules and regulations to go to all-electric, but they can't even supply what they have. It's so nuts. We're going to get, number one, your utility cost. You heard me say it before, your cost will be down, and we're getting rid of all the -- if you want electric, great. And if you want gas, great.

The only thing you can't have is a hydrogen car, right? You heard me say that, right, because you know what happens? They have a new car, and they say it's great, but it's got one problem. You know what the problem is? Every once in a while, one will blow up. And if it does blow up and you happen to be inside of it, you're in bad luck because you're not recognizable.

Do you know that? It's the new thing, hydrogen? I said, "No, thank you. I don't want it. I don't want it." They called the wife, "That's not my husband." "Oh, yes, it is." It's no good. So, if we get your energy cost, your energy costs will be down by 50 percent, your interest is going to come down, and people are going to start to make -- not only you -- people will have more money to go to your restaurant.

You're going to have a great business. And you know, during COVID, I was the one that worked out the loans. I don't know if you got one, but everybody -- so many people got millions of -- small businesses. And Linda McMahon was the head of Small Business Administration, which was a big business, but she was the head and she was phenomenal.

Linda McMahon was phenomenal. So many people tell me about her that she was one of the best secretaries, but Linda McMahon was in charge -- and they loaned millions of -- billions of dollars out to people with small businesses, and it was the greatest investment we made. It stopped us from going into a 1929 depression, which is exactly what we would have had. And she did a fantastic job.

We're going to get your costs way down. Thank you. Thank you.

OK, hold it, please.

A doctor, please, doctor. Thank you very much. We have incredible people that come here hours before, and it's a little hot. So, we -- they're with us all the way. We got to respect them. And you take your time, Doctor. Take your time. Thank you very much. We always have great doctors in the audience.

We've never had too much of a problem. Look at the quality of care we have. It's incredible when you think, right? These people -- first responders. Our first responders are amazing, the way they can do things so beautifully and quickly. Thank you. We'll get it taken care of fast. A lot of it's pretty easy to take care of.

Hardest thing is going to be the border, though, in terms of the people that have been let in, the people that have been let into this country, what they're doing, where do they come from, what are they doing. What's their thought process when they allow a thing like that to happen? Let's wait till they take care of this incredible person who, I guarantee you, is a great patriot.

I guarantee it. Everybody in this room is a patriot.   Thank you, darling. Thank you.  Some problems. Some problems. That looks a little bad.  Thank you. That looks a little bit bad.

Don't worry. We'll extend for a little time, OK? We're not going to lose time. We just want to make sure they're fine. This is a little bit of a tough one, I think, a little tough.  You know, while we're waiting -- so we had a beautiful evening. And I don't know if they could get this song up quickly, but if they could work really quickly backstage while we're waiting, "Ave Maria."

We had "Ave Maria" the other day in Butler, Pennsylvania. And Butler, we had 101,000 people. It was the most -- a celebration. Corey -- I call Corey the firefighter, the chief. He was great. And if they could play "Ave Maria," if you can get it, Justin, let's go if you can. It's a little quick notice.

Ave Maria. Hey. Hey. Great.  We love that band. We love that band. It's so beautiful, though, right? Listen to that. It's nice. He's going to be OK. We have nice music. We're together. Not bad.

Not bad. Right? So beautiful.

Thank you, everybody, very much.

She's on our side.

True.

So, if you've watched any of our last rallies, we have a Criminal Aliens Act of 1798. That's a long time ago. And it gives the president tremendous power to do what has to be done to secure our country. And you're right, you know. So, if you look at the polls, it says that the No. 1 issue is the economy.

No. 2 is inflation. Let's even put them together. And No. 3 is the border. I disagree. I think I agree -- I do agree with you. The No. 1 issue this country has --

Thank you very much. Take your time, doctor. Got to be good.  Open the doors. I wish we could open those doors to outside. Take your time, doctor.  For security reasons, they can't. But you know what? I suggest open them because anybody comes through those doors, you know what's going to happen to him.

Thank you. Thank you.

And we can spend a little more time.

Personally, I enjoy this. We lose weight, you know. No. You lose weight. We could do this, lose four or five pounds. It's OK with me.

But some people have been waiting here for two days for this. So, you know, it's a little bit tough. It's a little bit tough, but they're going to try and get those doors open.

And I don't know whose building this is, but if they had air-conditioning -- do you see any air-conditioning?

That's right. They don't want to give us air-conditioning. It's too expensive. It costs too much. Anyway -- but they're both OK.

They're both in good shape.

Would anybody else like to faint? Please raise your hand.

Please raise your hand. You know what we could do, though? If my guys can do it, how about -- we'll do a little music. Let's make this a musical fest. Oh, lookie, lookie. Oh, that's great. That's great because it's nice and cool outside, right?

It's nice and cool. Why don't we do -- and I mean this. If my guys can hear me, two things. Put up the chart, my favorite chart, my all-time favorite chart. And let's listen to Pavarotti sing "Ave Maria." Can you hear that? They gave me the "Ave Maria" with no voice. There it is. That's my favorite piece of paper anywhere in the world.

I sleep with it every night. I kiss it. I kiss it. And you see those numbers, by the way, for those that we talked about, you know, the border, when you're talking about the border. Look at the numbers. That was the lowest it ever was, right there. That was the last day I was in office. That's -- and we're going to get it lower than that.

But we're going to let people come in. We're going to let people come in. So, very, very important. But there's a -- one of my most favorite. If I didn't turn to the right, I wouldn't be here with you right now.

So, it's sort of a cruel world, but I was very proud of that before the fact. Now, even if it had lousy numbers, I would love that piece of paper a lot. So, put on Pavarotti singing "Ave Maria." Nice and loud. Turn it up louder. We want a little action here. Turn it up louder. For your boy. That's for your boy.

That's for your boy. Stand up. That's for their boy.

Let's not do any more questions. Let's just listen to music. Let's make it into our music. Who the hell wants to hear questions, right? Isn't that beautiful, though? It's just so beautiful. We played that in Butler, Pennsylvania. We had a moment of silence, and then we had the bells of Notre Dame go off, and then we had a great opera singer, Christopher, who was so incredible and a great, great opera singer.

That's Pavarotti. Pavarotti, I guess, is -- I actually asked Christopher. I said, "Your voice is incredible. How does it compare to Pavarotti?" "No, no, no, sir. He was the maestro. He was the greatest of them all." And this man's voice, you all probably heard it, he was phenomenal. But he said, "No. No, no. Pavarotti was the greatest."

Maybe, we'll play "Time to Say Goodbye" when we end, OK?

All right. Do we want to do that?

Instead of your normal, like, rock out of the place, and then you're going to say, time to go. By then, you're going to go vote, and we're going to win the state of -- you know, we win Pennsylvania, we win the whole thing.

We're going to win. We're going to win. If we win Pennsylvania, we're going to win the whole thing, right? So, it's going to really be something. We just had some numbers coming out of Virginia, which is great. We have numbers coming out of it. We win this commonwealth, we win the commonwealth of Pennsylvania, we are in clover, and then we're going to fix our country, and we're going to fix it fast.

We're going to fix it fast. So, get that song done.

Get that song ready.

And when we leave, we're going to have a beautiful -- you could just sit. And by the way, when we leave, you don't have to go so fast. You could sit and listen. We'll play a couple of songs. Some of you will be a little warm, but that's OK. It's not a bad thing. And if you want, we're going to do that, but I think it would be beautiful. Don't you think? A little different.

Nice to have -- isn't it a nice thing to have imagination? It's like when Kamala's teleprompter went out the other day, she was at 32 days. Did you see that?

She loses teleprompters, and you wouldn't know that she lost it. Me, I always lose. You know, if you're a politician, you can count on 5% of the time, you lose a teleprompter, sometimes, really badly, like in the middle of a sentence. And you're saying, "Oh, that's a good -- " You got to have a good memory.

If you don't have a good memory, you can't be much of a politician. They go out. Sometimes, if you're outside, the wind blows them down. I had one in Ohio. We had 45 mile-an-hour winds, and I said, "I'm going to lose these suckers." And within about the first two sentences, they were gone. They blew off the stand.

But Bernie Moreno, who's now doing very well, I understand, the senator, I think he's doing very well.

But we'll listen to a couple of songs if you want, and that's OK with me. I like it. So, we'll do that. We'll do those songs that we had mentioned, Justin. And if Justin doesn't get it right, he gets fired, OK? Right?

Yeah.

Yeah.

Well, we have to beat her.

Look, we have to beat her. She's not for this job. Everybody knows it. Look, we're running against not her. We're running against a very powerful and a very corrupt machine. That's what it is.

She's just -- and the same thing with Joe Biden. Joe doesn't know where the hell he is. You know, when you talk about Biden, he got 14 million votes. He won the primary, and we had a debate. His numbers were very bad, and it looked like we're going to win. You don't know what's going to happen, but it looked like he was down substantially.

They went to see him, and they said, "You're getting out." He said, "I don't want to get out. I won." "You're getting out." That was the overthrow of an American president. You could call it a coup, but I don't even call it that anymore because a lot of people say, "What the hell is a coup?" You can call it that, but it was really basically the overthrow of an American president.

And frankly, she's doing horribly right now. You saw "60 Minutes," where they replaced her answer with another answer. She's doing horribly. I have a feeling he might have done better than her. Let's see what -- you have to see what the end is. Maybe they would -- maybe they made a good move. But when they talk about a threat to democracy, how about where they take a candidate who won fair and square, they throw them out, and they put up a woman who failed, was the first one to drop out of a field of 22, and got no votes? And this is the person we're running against, and she is not a smart woman.

That's true. And we cannot -- we've had that for four years. We're not going to have it for another four years. We're not going to have it.

Those doors are open. That feels good.

I feel it right now. I don't know who's out there trying to get in, but you know what? I feel -- doesn't that feel nice?

And you don't even have -- there's nothing like outdoors. You don't even have the cost of an air conditioner if they have them in this beautiful factory. Anyway, go ahead, please.

OK. Let's do a couple of my -- so, Justin, how about a couple of really beauties? And we'll sit down and relax. Let me just give you the bottom line, though. We win Pennsylvania, we win this great commonwealth, we are going to win the whole ballgame. It's such an important place. And we relate. And we are up in the polls fairly nicely, fairly nicely.

But it's really important. And we're going to turn this country around. It's the greatest movement in the history of our country, MAGA, Make America Great Again. When Biden would go on -- he used to go on and say, "We will stop MAGA. We will stop -- " You know, remember with the purple background, the pink and purple? He looked like the devil, right? But she's worse than him.

Remember it. But they would say, "We're going to stop MAGA." MAGA means Make America Great Again.

I mean, what are you going to stop? And we are indeed going to make America great again. America has never -- we're a declining nation right now. We're a nation in decline, and we're not going to be in decline for long. Let me tell you, every country respected us four years ago. We were energy independent.

We had everything. We're the greatest economy in the history of our country. We're going to bring it back bigger, better, and stronger than ever before. Go and vote. Let me hear that music, please. Let me hear that music.

Nice and loud.

Thank you, everyone.

So, this has been an honor tonight. We could do another question or two if you'd like, but probably -- do you want to do one? Do you want to go? Let's go. Let's go. You know, it's -- but it ends so beautifully. How about this? We'll play "Y.M.C.A.," and we'll go home. But listen, whatever you could do, get out there.

We have to win. This is a -- this is the most important election in the history of our country. And you know what? I never thought I'd say it again. I said -- it was '16. We then fixed the border. We did everything. We had a great economy. It was good. For '20, we didn't have to say it. By the way, we got millions of more votes in '20 than we did in '16.

But there's never been spirit that we've seen like this, and that's because we saw how bad they are. They are so bad, and frankly, they're evil. They're evil. What they've done, they've weaponized our elections. They've done things that nobody thought was even possible. So, we're going to go. We're going to vote.

We're going to have a good time. We're going to make our country great. This is going to be -- I want this to be a really important evening. And those two people that went down are patriots, and we love them.

And because of them, we ended up with some good music, right? Right? So, play "Y.M.C.A." Go ahead. Let's go. Nice and loud.

Nobody's leaving. What's going on? There's nobody leaving. Keep going. Keep going. Shouldn't we keep going? All right. Turn that music up. Turn it up. Great song.