Well, Foxconn spent a lot of money. The government didn't put up very much at all. And we have other people, including them, continuing to look. And, you know, what I brought in with the ships and all of the other economic development projects that I brought in, it's incredible. You got one of the biggest shipping contracts or ship contracts, and that was the building, and you people are doing a fantastic job on it. But we brought a lot of economic development.

Plus we did the USMCA Mexico-Canada and got rid of the worst trade deal ever and just made the best trade deal ever. So, Wisconsin is really in love with what we've done, and that's why we're leading in the polls with Wisconsin.

Well, I do. I just encourage voting, period. But certainly, early voting is something that is happening. I want to get back to paper ballots, same-day voting, and voter ID. That's what we really should have because the voting -- the elections are not secure, and Wisconsin was a good case of that. So, I want to get back to the same-day ballot, one day you vote, everybody votes in one day.

All the ballots are together. Paper -- you know, paper is very sophisticated. They do watermarked paper, and it's very hard to cheat.

Well, she got very few voters, relatively. I mean, I got almost, I guess, close to 90%. She got very few voters. And those voters are all coming to me. And you may have a lot of Democrats in there because they have a very tricky little system. But those voters are coming to me. We just did a poll where we're leading Biden by a lot in Wisconsin, are doing -- when I say a lot, we're leading by two or three points.

We have one where we're leading them by five points, and I guess that's considered quite a bit. But we want to win the state. We've been really good to the state. It's a great state, and we want to bring it back home. We want to bring back jobs and bring back industry to Wisconsin.

Well, I have no problem with him. I think he's really not doing well in the polls at all. His numbers have gone down a lot lately, but I would have no problem if he got whatever the threshold is. But he's very low, and he seems to be heading in the other direction, in the wrong direction. I would have no problem with it though.

If he qualified, I would have no problem.

That's probably a pretty good chance, I would say. I don't say anything is 100%, but you're getting pretty close. I'll be doing it in Milwaukee. We'll be -- we're going to have a great time. It's a beautiful arena. It's a beautiful space, and we're spending a lot of money, and we're bringing it to the state.

And I hope the people, when they vote, are going to remember that because we're bringing a lot of jobs and a lot of economic development. We're bringing our convention, and we have plenty of options. We're bringing the convention to Milwaukee. It really is an important state for us. Wisconsin has to be won by us. We want to win it. If we win Wisconsin, I think we win the whole thing.

And we'd create a border, a real border, because right now, we have an open border with millions of people coming in illegally into our country. And they come from jails, and they come from mental institutions, and they're terrorists. Many, many, many, and it's got to stop. They're destroying our country in so many ways.

And inflation, too, we'll bring inflation way down. We're going to get energy costs in half. We'll be cutting your energy costs in half, maybe even less than that. Inflation is going to come tumbling down.

Thank you very much. Thank you.