Yes. Hi, Glenn.

I'm good. I'm good.

I did. Oh, he's great. He's -- this guy, he's in a -- he's in a world all by himself. He's a fantastic guy.

When I saw that -- when I saw that rocket ship come down yesterday --

I said, "You got to be kidding," the way it landed right in --

Right where it left, right? No, he's fantastic.

Absolutely. He gets it done. There's nobody like him.

And he's a big supporter, which really --

Makes me feel good. He knows what's going on. He thinks it's the most important election ever -- ever.

Oh, sure. No, you know, he's also a great businessman. I'm trying to figure out, is he a better businessman or essentially scientist, and he is  he feels that there's tremendous fraud --

Waste and abuse.

You know the expression fraud, waste, and abuse --

He feels it's there. And, you know, he could save -- he could save a lot of money and --

And make lives better, OK?

You get -- you get more for the buck. But he feels so strong -- he doesn't want to be in the cabinet or anything. He just can't do that. He's -- he's --

You know, he's got so many things going. He wouldn't want to do that.

But he would like to do something having to do with the budget and -- because there's tremendous waste.

And so

Yeah.

He's maybe the best at finding that. Oh, people love it when they hear that. Without making any dent to, you know -- and make people's lives better, actually.

You know, make them -- make them better.

Not worse, make them better.

Right.

Yup, they will. They'll try, but he's hard to shut down because he's --

So advanced.

He's on a different playing field. He's so advanced. You shut him down, you shut the country down, essentially, when you look at -- look at Starlink. So, he had Starlink. And in North Carolina, they called.

Is there any way you could call --

And -- and some great people in North Carolina are suffering. And, you know, they have no communications, whatsoever.

And I got -- I called him, and he was -- I didn't know much about Starlink other than it's supposed to be good. And I called him, and he added to them immediately. Now --

They delayed him. You know, they delayed him.

Actually, they put a -- they put a hold on --

What he did.

Yeah.

Wow.

It's one of the worst rescues ever and I think in league with Katrina, which was pretty bad.

Some people say it's worse. And they actually stopped people --

Private people like you. You go in with helicopters. You want to save people.

It's -- and they're not -- they didn't let them do it

You're a little different. You know, you can do things, but --

They don't let them do it. No, it's a terrible thing, Glenn.

A terrible, terrible thing.

Yes.

And it's a nasty government. It's a mean government. They weaponized government. They've done things that -- and, you know, it's interesting because the people aren't very smart, you know, the people on top.

But it's the group of people that are not on top, it's the people that surround them, they are smart and they're vicious and they're fascists and everything else you can be.

It's a nasty group of people. Nasty.

Yeah.

Well, I think it's a -- it's a committee of people, and they might not even know who the committee is. They may not even know themselves. Does that make sense? It's a group of people at -- that are in different levels of DC and they surround a man that was not the most capable person.

By the way, never was.

But certainly not anymore.

And she's worse than he is. She's worse than he is. And the difference is she was a believer. You know, she was a believer for a long time.

She was a Marxist --

For a long time. She's further left than Bernie. You've heard that many times.

We talk about it. But she's further left than Pocahontas, OK? Pocahontas is probably further left than Bernie, I think. I don't know. How you -- how you rate them, might have to go by your scale. I -- I believe in your scale maybe more than mine. You know better. But -- but if you think about it, you know, we have some people -- and she is considered the most left in -- in the entire Senate and not the smartest, and not, by any means, the smartest.

In fact, maybe the opposite.

Right.

You know, when -- when we -- we were at that group together, for the audience to know, we were -- we spent a lot of time yesterday with the Latter Day Saints and some incredible people and people of religion, too, just people of religion. And she's against religion, and it's in her -- but it's in her bones.

She's against religion. And I don't know how people can vote for her. Like, we were talking about -- not so much Utah because we have such a big lead there. But we were talking about Arizona, and, you know, you take a look at Arizona. And I would certainly say Nevada. And you have a lot of Latter Day Saints, Mormons --

In those areas. And if we got -- I think we're at 88 percent. I mean, if we got 1 percent more or 2 percent more, this whole country would turn around because if we won those two, we would be in awfully good shape to win the whole thing, as -- as you know. So, we spent time together, and it was -- it was great.

And when I mentioned your name -- I will say, I mentioned Glenn's name, everyone in the place went crazy. So, that's good. They like you.

They like you a lot. That was the big audience.

Yeah.

That's the biggest risk.

Well, I think just by nature of that we don't have COVID. They used COVID to cheat. And they did so many things, so many different things. But just the fact that they didn't get legislative approval. I mean, that's -- you don't have to go any further than that. They'd actually go for legislative approval, not get it.

You know, like, let's say it's a Republican legislature, right? Not get it and then do it anyway. It was just terrible. They used -- they used COVID to cheat. Now, that -- number one, that in itself makes it better now. But they're a very devious group, and you know it better than maybe anybody.

And you talk about it more openly. A lot of people, they're afraid to talk about it. You're not afraid to talk about it. No, it's

Yeah.

Have you seen his man? Gascon is down by 30 points in a poll

Yeah. Oh, that's -- that's a way of talking about it. You know, I had a tremendous rally the night before -- night before yesterday, and it was unbelievable. And we -- and you heard about it, 101,000 people.

And I say if we had a honest election, if we had God coming down to be our vote counter -- wouldn't that be great if we could --

Ask God to do it? That would be the ultimate vote counter, right, because you'd -- you'd have honesty.

But if we had God come down, I -- I think I'd do great. I think we'd do great in California.

I think we'd win it. I think we'd win it.

You know, they send out like 38 million ballots or 36 million ballots. They go all over the place. And then they come pouring back. And it's -- you know, when you go and vote into a really good solid state where you have a real -- and they look at you and they want your ID. Even if you're Trump --

They say, "Sir, please, could I see your license? Could I see it?"

You know, they know it's me. They -- there's no games. You really can't get away with anything.

There's nothing that you can get away with. They don't have computerized machines. They have paper ballots and they have voter ID and everything else, right?

So, Elon is the No. 1 person for mechanical devices, including computers.

There's nobody more.

And yet, he says the only way to do it really safely is with paper ballots. You know, it's like --

Something, right? He said, "I -- I consider myself to be the world's greatest expert on all such things as this type of equipment," right?

I would say I'd put him in No. 1 place. When you look at that rocket, the way it landed, that certainly put him in No. 1 place. And --

And he's -- you know, he's --

He's concerned because those -- "You can make things swing and you can make things do a lot of bad things," he said, "but you can't do it with paper ballots when you --" you know, they have -- believe it or not, they have paper now that's actually very highly sophisticated.

You know, very highly -- amazing --

You know, when you hear paper, but it's very sophisticated stuff.

But voter ID is very important, and they are now in California, as you know better than I do because you talk about it a lot. But the California thing is amazing with Gavin Newsom, where you're not even allowed to ask somebody whether or not they have voter ID.

If you do, I think it's like a criminal act or something. It shows our country has gone totally crazy.

It's gone crazy.

Yeah.

Right. So, I think the biggest thing -- you know, you see the polls, and the polls have the economy No. 1 and inflation -- I -- I view them as the same thing in a sense. I think the inflation and the economy, you could wrap them up into one. I actually think -- and I may be wrong, but, you know, I'm not wrong by much.

I think the biggest -- the biggest thing that people are going to be looking at and voting on is what's happening at our border, where -- where murderers are allowed to come in --

And where drug dealers are allowed to come in and just destroy our country, literally destroy it. And inflation is a destroyer of a country, too --

But it's a different kind of a -- it's a different kind of a destroyer. It's not as mean -- it's not as mean as having guys coming in with machine guns.

And if you look at --

Yes, go ahead.

Oh, wow.

Yup. That's -- that's come a long way. You see, that's probably where they're going because they were for open borders, no talk, anybody comes in, just walk right into our country, which is insane. And now, all of a sudden, you're hearing people talking about, well, you know, we need people to come in, come in.

But the damage has been done. You -- you have to understand that we have 21 million people came in. Hundreds of thousands of those people are from prisons and from gangs and drug lords and human traffickers and murderers, and they're here. So, we have a problem before -- he's a little late in saying it --

Because we have a big problem. We have people in our country that are going to be murdering a lot of people. Laken Riley is a beautiful young lady. I -- I know the parents. I know everything about her. What happened to her is just horrible. But you have many, many, many cases like that, some you don't hear about but they're there.

Aurora is really bad when you look at what these Venezuelan street gangs have done. They've formed and they've taken over buildings --

Beautiful buildings in -- in a very good place. And they're basically in the real estate business. You know, they've taken them over with machine guns instead of with finance.

It's a little different.

Yup. He was

Yup.

Yeah.

Not believable, when you see it. JD has been great, by the way.

I have to say, he's been great. And as good as he's been, Walz, on the other side, I mean, is this man even a little intelligent? I mean, it's just -- it's just incredible. That's --

The combination of those two.

Yeah.

Oh, that's right.

I think he was -- I think he was a horrible pick. Now, we'll see how it works out on November 5th because one way or the other, if they -- if they won, I guess he wasn't a horrible pick. But when I heard that they picked him, I couldn't believe it. And he's only gotten worse. And she's gotten worse. So --

You know, she's worse than Biden. I -- I really believe that she's worse than Biden. Biden was -- is superior. And they're fighting like cats and dogs, the two of them.

They're fighting like cats --

Oh, yeah. No, well, he's angry because he got 14 million votes and he was thrown out. He -- this -- this was an overthrow of a president.

This was an overthrow of an American president. There's never been anything like that before. He won the primaries.

And they came to see him, and they said, "We want you out." I'm amazed he agreed to it, actually. And you know the truth is he looks better than he ever did. He looks better than he did for --

For five years. I don't know. Somehow, he didn't play well as president, but he does play well the way he's playing against like with Ron. Ron DeSantis in Florida has done a good job.

Very good on the hurricane. You know, it's a tough job, but he's done a very good job. But the way she went at him and just got creamed and Biden was on Ron's side.

Yeah.

I think they're -- I -- no, I think they're trying to steer a different path now. I think they're seeing it's not working, and we've had a very good run for three weeks. And I think they're seeing it's not working. She's changed 15 major policies. You probably -- you're the all-time pro. I would say, if you've seen any -- any candidate for high office change two, it would be a lot, OK?

Yeah.

That's right. No, he -- he did, but it didn't work.

But she's changed 15. I mean, from fracking to crime, to this, to that, to borders, which she, all of a sudden, now wants to have a strong border. And she acts like nothing happened. You know, where was she for four years, right? But -- but I've never seen anything like it. If you go back two years, just go back into -- or just go back into their primaries and listen to what she said and what she voted for, and now, every one of those things have -- have been thrown out.

So, I don't know. You know, I mean, let's see what happens. I can't imagine you could get away with it. But there's another thing, it's called competence. And, you know, she -- they tried the threat to democracy with me. They tried it all. They tried everything. But let's look at now their competence.

The woman is not a competent person, and I think far less competent than Biden, and I would never thought -- I never thought I'd be saying it. But there's something going on. I mean, I watched her with a teleprompter. Her teleprompter broke and she kept going 32, 32.

And I said -- no, I said, "What's going on with her?"

And --

Yeah.

Yup.

If that -- and -- and you know what, she could even say, "My teleprompter went off."

And sometimes, I do that, and then you go on to make your speech.

You know, you can't sit there. You can't walk off the stage, right?

But -- but a teleprompter is one of the most unreliable pieces of equipment. I can tell you.

You know, sometimes -- like the crowd we had -- we had. That was a big crowd. The night before, I had 101,000 people. And you can lose those -- I figure teleprompters go out 5 percent of the time and 2 or 3 percent of the time where they're just gone. I mean, I've had them blow off the stage. You know, if it's windy, they're not very good because they move like a sail.

You can't -- they're very hard to hold back. They move. If a teleprompter is moving, you can't -- I don't use a teleprompter that much, anyway. But if a teleprompter is moving, it's a problem. But you've got to be -- if you're going to be in politics, you have to be able to -- if and when, because it's when, but if and when the teleprompter goes, you know this, you've got to be able to speak, and she was frozen.

And she's lucky that thing came back because, you know, it snapped back. It's called a snapback.

It snapped back for her, and she then started continuing to read.

Well, I think it would have been a bad thing.

She was -- she was at -- she couldn't have done the 32 one more time. I don't know. It would have been bad.

She had exhausted the number 32, I can tell you, right?

No.

Yeah.

Yes, I have.

Yes.

It's the -- it's the biggest single threat -- when these people talk about global warming and they worry about the oceans going to rise in 300 years by an eighth of an inch, it's like -- it just infuriates. Now, at the same time, I don't even like talking about nuclear.

That's how bad it is, OK? So, you know, during my administration, you probably never heard the word nuclear. I don't --

I purposely -- and now you're hearing it every single day. You're hearing it all the time. And you know who issues it a lot? It's Putin now, he's issuing that word.

And that will be -- there will never have been anything like that, the -- the level of power. I'm the one that rebuilt it. I rebuilt all of our military. I rebuilt it at the highest level. I hated -- in many ways, I hated to have to do the nuclear, but I did because we have no choice.

We have other countries -- we have five other countries now that are, as they say, nuclear-capable, and that's too many. That's actually five too many. The -- the truth is I think I would have had a deal with Russia and with China to denuclearize their stock. I really think we would have had that. All three of us agreed on it conceptually, and I think we would have done that.

But COVID came along and we had to fight that battle. And we fought it well. Never got credit for it, really, but we fought it well. I got credit for the economy. I got credit for the military. We knocked out ISIS and got the biggest tax cuts and regulation cuts and all that. But I never got -- you know -- and nobody knew what this was. COVID came in. It was a gift from China.

Yup.

Well, the same people -- Nancy Pelosi -- crazy Nancy, she was going crazy when I said, "If I didn't close it from China then --" And you know what, there were 11 people in the room, and I was the only one that said I want it closed, and you had to close it. We would have lost probably a couple of million people more, and -- and we really -- I mean, we would have lost millions of people more had I not done that.

That was a great move. But, you know, nobody knew what this thing was, and everybody got hurt. You know, proportionately, a lot of -- there was a lot of equals, OK? They all got hurt. China ended up getting hurt very late in the process. You know, it looked like China almost skirted the issue. It has really hurt China.

It's -- it's hurting it right now because what they -- you know, they went through it very, very -- now, they were different. They locked them in and they welded the doors closed.

And they forgot --

Or something happened.

You know, people died of starvation. Can you believe that?

They welded them in their apartments.

And then they either forgot or something happened, but they didn't un-weld them until it was too late. It's unbelievable. It's unbelievable. But that was a terrible thing.

Well, I -- I better not get into it --

But -- but they have very strong security around the plane.

They have very strong security. And -- and they really -- I mean, they have to. The one thing that we don't have is we haven't had a president saying if some country and Iran, where there is actually a threat, that if they do anything to -- not -- it's not me, it's the president.

You know, former presidents and, now, in leading in both parties to -- to be president. If they do anything that -- we're going to obliterate the country because when you say that, that's the end of that. They won't do anything. But we haven't heard that. And other presidents have issued, you know, like --

Proclamations, as you probably have heard. There were two or three issued that way where -- even rivals, rivals were being threatened and --

Certain presidents were able to get up and say, "If you do this, we're going to hit you --"

So hard that you won't have a country left.

And when you do that, they tend to say, "Well, let's take a pass," right?

That's the way it works. But Biden is not -- is not -- I guess he's not willing to do that, and that's pretty, pretty sad. I would do it for him. I will tell you, if he were -- if it were reversed and I was where he was and it was, you know, him, I would issue such a proclamation against them.

Otherwise, we don't have a country. You don't have a country.

We're not going to have a country. So --

No, I don't know. He said he was a big fan, and I know that, and -- but he had some pretty nasty weapons in his car.

But he was away from the car, and the car was parked a long ways away. Everybody who was at the place was -- I mean, we had 101 -- I guess more than that, but over 101,000 people there. So, it was a big crowd. He was very far away. But -- but, you know, it's -- when you have that kind of weapons in the car, it's a little -- it's not your -- these were not your standard weapons. Let's put it that way, right?

They were not the greatest. So, you know, it's -- we're living in a dangerous world. This is a world that's very dangerous. This is a world that's closer to World War III than we've ever been. There's never been anything like it. And the problem is, like we said, the weaponry is at a level -- I always say it's not two Army tanks running around a field shooting at each other.

This is -- this is weaponry that I -- that I know better than anybody because I see it. I rebuilt it. And this is weapons and weaponry that nobody's -- no -- it's not even imaginable. And we really need smart people in government now. We just can't go through another four years like we did with Biden.

You know, I had Iran wanting to make a deal. They were going to make a deal. I would have had a deal done within one week of the election. They were -- they didn't have money. They were -- there was no Hezbollah. There was no Hamas. Because there was no fighting, you know, they couldn't give them money.

They were there, but they didn't have any money. And we had a -- the best situation. He could have made a deal in one week, and a big part of the deal was no nuclear weapons, right? That was 90 percent of the deal. No, I want them to do great. I wanted Iran to do great. But no -- they're great people. The -- you know, Iran, they're great people.

I know so many Iranian -- Iranians that are now living in America. They're like really great people.

Smart as can be.

And wonderful and warm. So, we don't want to have a problem. But they -- they were broke. They had no money. I said, "Nope. Can't do that." And you know why. It's -- they had no money because of my policy. And --

And -- and they would have made a deal. They would have made a deal. I would have made that deal within a week after the election. And -- and I want -- I want them to be really successful as a country. It's all good. But the -- one thing, they can't have nuclear weapons.

And now, they're like a month away from having a nuclear weapon. That's a real big -- that's a big problem. Now, we'll see what's going on with Israel, who I think their stock has gone up very high --

In the last month or so.

Their stock has gone up very high as fighters. But it's very, very sad to see what's happened, that -- that they would allow this to happen. Look, if I were president, Ukraine would not have been attacked by Russia, 100 percent.

He wouldn't have had

I did.

I did. He said that.

He said, "If Trump were there, it would have never happened."

And it wouldn't have.

And I got along well with Putin. But it would just would have never happened. What a shame. What a different world. You know what else wouldn't have happened? Inflation. The most embarrassing day in the history of our country wouldn't have happened --

With Afghanistan.

It wouldn't have happened.

Go ahead.

Oh, wow.

Yeah.

Yeah.

Well, I meant was that they took the soldiers out early.

The American soldiers, they left.

And we were left without soldiers. And they should have taken the soldiers out last.

They should have been the last to go.

You know, when I spoke to Abdul, I said, "No, you're not going to do any more." You know, they were shooting a lot -- they were killing a lot of our soldiers --

And other people. And I had a very tough conversation with him. And I -- from that point on, 18 months and we didn't have one -- you know that.

Well, I had a -- I had a conversation, and it was important to have it and -- because the Taliban, that's where the killing is. Like, I always say, Jesse James, they -- he liked banks. And they say, "Jesse, Jesse, why do you always go after a bank?" He said, "Because that's where the money is," right? And in this case, the Taliban, because that's who was doing all the killing in Afghanistan.

You know that was the killing arm, right? So, I spoke to the head, he's still there, Abdul. We had a good conversation, tough conversation because they were killing a lot of American soldiers. And they were with Obama and Biden, but they were really killing a lot of them. And I got there, and it got lighter, but they were killing them and a lot of snipers.

And I had a conversation -- a couple of conversations, but I had a conversation. And I don't want to go graphically, the conversation. It was a tough conversation. But I -- you can't really repeat it. It's not appropriate. But -- but I had a conversation and I essentially told them don't do it, don't do it. And --

I did have -- I did have -- I -- yeah, you could tell it, but I did send him something that was interesting. Go ahead.

Well, it was a phone conversation --

But it was a phone conversation, and it was -- it was sent to him. And he said, "But why, but why do you send me a picture of my house," during the phone conversation. And -- and I said, "That you'll have to figure out." But we had --

Regardless, we had no problem at all. So, we went 18 months, not one American soldier was killed or even shot at. And after 18 months, they did this horrible --

Move. And it was so bad. And, you know, we also gave up Bagram. So, Bagram is one of the biggest bases in the world. We gave it up, and China is now occupying it. Can you imagine?

The reason I wanted it -- I would never have left that. I was planning on --

Making, you know, upgrades. What happened with Bagram is it's one hour where they make -- from where China makes its nuclear weapons. What an asset. And now, China is occupying it. Can you believe it? They gave it up. They left at the dark of night. They left the lights on, and they left this massive thing that cost us billions and billions of dollars, the longest runways in the world, very powerful runway.

It's thick, like eight feet thick of concrete. You can land anything on it. And we -- we left -- we -- we -- we just walked away from it. And what a great thing. I would never have done that. I was -- we were having it staffed up and everything. We would have left with strength and dignity. It wouldn't have been people falling off airplanes. Yeah, very sad, very, very sad, what happened.

I think it was the most embarrassing day in the history of our country.

Yeah.

Yes.

So -- so, we left billions and billions and billions of dollars of brand-new beautiful equipment, tanks, trucks, thousands of trucks, many of them armor-plated. They're million-dollar trucks, you know.

Because Milley was stupid. Milley said the same thing to me. I said, "Now, we're going to take --" "Sir, I think it's stupid. We'll leave it behind." I said, "Wait a minute. If you have an airplane and it's new and it costs $150 million to build it, you're not going to put a tank of jet fuel in there and fly it out to Pakistan or directly home?" "Sir, I think it's stupid. We'll leave it."

He was such a stupid guy. He was so stupid. It was so -- he had no common sense. You know the expression I say? The Republican Party is the party of common sense. Milley was a stupid guy. And I could just see him telling that to Biden and Biden believing it because we left all of that equipment behind.

Now, if you look, three weeks ago, they had a parade.

They have a parade every year.

Running the equipment right down the middle of their boulevard and all beautiful, you know, American trucks and all -- mostly armor-plated stuff, very, very expensive to build and very expensive equipment, riding it down like in a parade, talking about the dumb Americans. No, he -- what he -- what he has done to the country is such a shame, between the borders and Afghanistan and allowing the war.

Putin never would have done that war. And now, you look at Ukraine. I mean, it's like a demolition site. The cities are knocked to the ground. Those beautiful golden towers are crushed and laying on their sides. They were beautiful. I mean, what -- you can never rebuild it. You can never rebuild -- it's -- you know, a whole civilization has been lost.

Because don't forget, those cities have been obliterated.

So many of them.

And, you know, it's one thing, peace. What does -- what does it mean? So many of the people have left. So many of the people have died. Many more people have died in Ukraine than they talk about. You know, they'll -- they'll have missiles hitting buildings, and they'll say two people were hurt. You know, the building will collapse.

And those are big buildings. Those are buildings that are like two or three city blocks, normal New York City blocks. They are big buildings. I was amazed at the size of the apartment. That's what I did for a living, right? And they -- these were big apartment houses, fairly tall, but really long, and they had a lot of people.

And they were hitting them with missiles, the buildings would collapse, just collapse right down to the ground, and they'd say two people were hurt. No, no, many, many people were killed.

When the -- when the death toll is really said in Ukraine, the numbers are going to be much higher than people think.

Well, the owners of the hotels are now operating a different product. So, they used to operate luxury hotels. And now, they operate them to get government money. And they're making more money than they -- they have 100 percent occupancy at room rates that are higher than they ever got and they have illegal migrants living in the buildings.

And you don't want to walk in there, Glenn, because you will probably not have a good chance of getting out. It's rough stuff going on. I have friends that own these things. And they used to be luxury. And now, what they are is their hotels and -- you know, a lot of people won't go back into those hotels, too, you know, in terms of your luxury guests, if that ever comes back.

But these people are making a fortune. All they do is keep sending the government bills. And here's the saddest part. Outside of those hotels, as the migrants walk into these buildings that were luxury but are being beat up and destroyed -- you know there are fights in there all the time.

Rough stuff. Rough, rough stuff. It's -- these are tough people. These are not -- these are rough, rough people. They make our criminals look like babies. But if you ever -- look, we have our veterans living on the sidewalk right outside the main entrance and you have migrants going into the hotels. How about that? And so, the military should never vote for her.

And frankly, I don't think anybody should. People of religion shouldn't. The Latter Day Saints should not. That's why we were there.

We want to get that vote. Will you please get me that vote, Glenn?

You can't let them -- I'll tell you, you cannot let them -- who could vote? Any religion.

I don't know what it is with the Catholics, but they're really after the Catholics.

How could a Catholic vote for them, you know?

It's -- it's a very sad time. But we will have more conversations anytime.

You've been a great guy and you've really been --

Just terrific.

Well, you can keep that voice -- you keep your voice going. That's the most important thing. You have a very powerful voice and good voice, and it's for good.

And I appreciate it very much.

Thank you very much.

Thank you, Glenn.

OK. Bye.