How long are you married?

Good.

Is this your second marriage?

The second --

The second. All right. You can cut that part out. This -- this sounds like it's going to get a little bit too -- too tense.

Yeah.

Right.

Right.

Oh, yes.

I bet I did it.

Right.

Right.

Right.

Right.

Right.

I mean, I --

That's great.

Well, the big thing, we had the Battle of the Billionaires, and that was with --

Vince and me. And, you know, we each had our wrestler. He had --

Umaga.

We had two good guys, and they wrestled. And fortunately, my guy won, and the loser had the hair shaved. I said, "I don't want to have my hair shaved," and -- but we actually -- actually wrestled a little bit. You remember?

Pretty -- no, it was a pretty famous thing. But I think it has your all-time record for -- for --

For everything.

It's --

Yeah, it was a big one. But you went down just before me. And the entrance into the ring is the greatest entrance into any arena that I've seen, OK? And I -- I don't think it's going to even be topped, the whole thing, the music, the whole deal. And he -- and by the way, he's a dynamic guy. When he does this, he's very, you know, slow and easy and, you know.

You're supposed to act -- well, you're supposed to be a dead man. So, you know, you're acting sort of dead.

And it's one of the greats, and that's why I'm surprised because you're a quick guy. You know, you're -- you move quick. But in the ring, he just sort of moved around. And you left just before us, and the place was going crazy. I said, "That's a very tough act to follow. I'm not sure if I --" And I didn't realize how big you were.

I figured you were big, but not that big. So, I'm standing with Vince, and they had other wrestlers in the room. It's like essentially the green room.

It was up high.

And you walked by me and said, "Hello, sir." And I said this guy is really big. How tall are you, by the way?

Do you -- you do lose a little.

6'8".

Yeah.

Can you -- you get compressed.

Well, that's normal. They say you get compressed and your feet get bigger. Did you ever hear of that?

Yeah, but -- yeah, you do have big feet.

That's right.

But I said this guy is really big, and you were wrestling a good guy that night. Do you remember?

He's a good specimen guy, and --

And it was great. But I said, "How do we beat this, Vince? What -- what are you doing? Why don't we go before them? We should go before them." But we had a -- we had -- that was a great evening. And I think it set -- I don't know if it still has. I think it still has your record.

Well, I have a son who is 6'9". Can you imagine I have a son who's an inch taller than if you say? So, you were probably at super height 6'9"?

So, 6'9", like 360?

I see. Pretty good.

And what do you weigh now?

Wow.

That's not bad, right?

Yeah.

Right. As a wrestler, you really lose a lot of joints, don't you? You really have.

No.

Not the falls.

So, how do you -- I've always wondered because it's -- whether it's, you know, fun or, you know, entertainment or -- you're still getting slammed around, right?

Does that ring take great absorption? In other words --

Yeah, right.

Really?

Well, how did you do that? So, that was -- wow. That's a --

That's --

How often did it -- I mean, I know you're supposed to interview me, but I find it very interesting. How often did it happen where somebody gets really angry? In other words, you hit a guy accidentally the wrong way or something and -- and he's had it. And these are tough guys to start off with.

You know, they're not babies. How often did it happen where you're fighting somebody and you made a mistake and you really got -- and he gets angry and he's -- and he really goes at you?

Right.

And what would happen? The guys would run into the ring and stop it, right?

I was told, when you had a lot of guys running into the ring --

That usually meant that there was a problem.

So, what -- what stops somebody from going nuts and -- and really -- you know, really starting a real fight?

Right.

Do you -- did you like some of these guys a lot or not really?

Yeah.

Yeah.

So, how many years have you done it?

That's -- I mean, that's amazing, and you're still in one piece.

Does every wrestler end up essentially having to get new parts?

You ever get hurt so badly that you basically can't continue the match and you got to be like literally helped out and carried out?

Right.

Absolutely.

So, you'd work 200 days a year.

That's amazing. And that you can -- you can just keep going. That's amazing.

Oh, really?

That's -- that's -- that's a great -- well, you had a great career. Fantastic.

And really, people -- people love you. That's why -- so I heard they said -- and -- and I heard you were a fan. I don't want to say, but I heard you were like a political fan of mine, and -- and I appreciated that. But I said he is -- he was such an incredible athlete entertainer, because it's in entertaining.

You have a lot of great athletes, they can't entertain, you might as well forget it in your sport, right?

Yeah.

So, who do you think -- outside of you, who do you think was the greatest combination of athlete entertainer, etc., etc.? Who was -- who was the greatest of the -- the couple of greatest that you've seen?

Right.

Right.

Right.

Now, you were much too young, Haystacks Calhoun, right?

Right? Did you ever -- you -- you were too young.

But -- but he weighed like 500 and something.

He was.

He was a big one.

Let's see. You had a lot of beauties out there.

Yeah.

Right.

How's it doing now? Are there any great stars now?

Right.

Oh, good.

Right. That's good.

Do you know Dana White? Are you --

Will you be working with Dana at all?

Separate.

So, who's -- who's running it? Who's running it?

Ari is excellent.

Good. It's a very different kind of a thing, but very similar, actually, right?

How do revenues there versus UFC? Is it --

Your revenue that -- your revenue is --

Meaning, for the -- for the wrestling.

It's doing well?

Really?

Isn't that incredible?

So, does that compare with UFC then in terms of revenue, you think?

That's good.

Really?

Wow.

These are the characters. In other words, these are the people. Like, your social media is very big, right?

You're not into it?

Who's the biggest on social media?

You know, he was great. I never thought he liked me and I felt badly because I think he's a terrific guy. And then Dana White said, when I was shot -- I took a shot to the ear. You may have heard about it.

The Rock called Dana and said, "I want to have his number. I want to have his number. What he did is sort of incredible." You know, he considered it bravery. I don't know. To me, I considered it like what's going on here. But it was very nice, actually, The Rock. So, you might mention that I said that. Do you speak to him at all?

Yeah.

Yeah, it was very good.

Well, he's doing -- he's doing great, right?

Yeah.

Yeah.

That's true.

I don't have to do this.

I said what am I doing sometimes? Why am I doing this? Yeah.

Yeah.

Yeah.

Yeah.

Well, leaving behind that, I -- I sometimes joke with the crowds because we get very big crowds. We had 107,000 in Butler. That's where the accident took place. We had 55,000. When we went back a couple of months later, we had -- just the other -- you know, two weeks ago, we had 107,000. We had 101,000 in California --

Three days ago. Big crowds. Big crowds. And, you know, abnormally big because no politician ever had these crowds. I don't even know what it is exactly. I can't explain it, why -- why am I getting -- you know, it's like why? But I sometimes say, "I don't have to be here with you. I could be in Monte Carlo and the beaches. I could have everything. I don't need this. But I'd rather be in Butler, Pennsylvania with you."

You know. And it's true, actually, because -- look, I have a lot of wealthy friends and they go to these places, and, you know, most of them are unhappy and all that stuff. But, you know, I feel I have a purpose, and that's to rebuild our country. This country is doing so badly. The border -- I mean, I don't know what your politics are or is, but your politics are just common sense.

We have murderers pouring into our country. We have drug dealers pouring in. Just -- just the border. There are many things wrong, but just the border. I think the border is worse than inflation. I think it's -- I think it's the biggest thing. To me, it's -- you know, like we're now in a -- I don't know when this is going on and I wish you luck with it.

I know you're going to get high ratings. I used to think I was a big person, but I don't feel so big standing next to this guy. This guy is big.

But my son would feel better, although he's not quite as wide as you, I will say.

He will be.

He will be someday. But -- but I feel I have an obligation to do this. I had four great years. I was -- you know, we had the best economy we've ever had as a country. We had the strongest borders we've ever had in recorded history. I guess they might have been very strong a thousand years ago or something.

But we had the strongest borders. We -- we were hitting on all -- I rebuilt the military, got the biggest tax cuts in history, got the biggest regulation cuts in history. Really doing great. And then we had a crazy election where I did much better than the first time. And if I didn't have that, I wouldn't -- I probably wouldn't have done this because it showed that there's a lot of love out there.

We got hit with COVID. You know, the -- the whole thing, the whole world got hit with COVID --

Which is the China virus to be exact. But -- and got hit hard. There's never been anything like it. Who would have ever thought of the word pandemic? I heard the word, but you never thought -- it was like a modern-day, you figure. Nowadays, you take a shot and you're fine, right?

It goes -- everyone is fine. But we had a -- you know, it's an ancient form of a disease. In 2017, it killed 100 million people. And we could have lost 100 million people, too, pretty easily. We lost many millions of people all over the world. So, we got hit with that. We had a crazy election, which was -- I won't get into it because I don't want to get you in any controversy because you like no controversy. That election was so rigged.

No. That election -- well, that's good. Nobody's going to say, "Hey, let's take it outside," right? No. But -- so, I got more votes than any sitting president in the history of the country by millions, right? And they say we didn't win. You know, it was a diversion. But it was a COVID thing. Look, you couldn't get security.

Nobody wanted to go outside. Big guys like you would say, "I'm not going to be secured." You couldn't get anybody. It was like people didn't want to die.

It was a bad -- it was right in the middle of that. And now, I'm running again, and I'm leading. And I beat Biden. And they -- they saw he was getting beaten. It's sort of like it's a little unfair and it's sort of not really what democracy is all about. But Biden got 14 million votes. He deserved to -- to, you know, run it out and see.

And they took it away. They actually took away his presidency if you think about it.

It was a -- they call it a coup, but it was -- they actually took away his presidency and they gave it to this one, and this one is worse than him. And we're leading now, but we have to see if we can do it. We got to do it. With him, I was leading by a lot. It was sort of over. And they went to him and they said, "You're not going to win and we're going to replace you." You think of that.

That's -- that's a --

No, they took it away. OK. Now, think of me. I spent $150 million that we're raging. We're doing great. We're against Biden. We have the debate. It was a good debate. He goes down. And now, I have to fight somebody else. That's like you going into the ring and you're beating the hell out of somebody and they call up and they say, "Get that guy out of the ring. We'll put somebody else in for a while."

Right? You got to fight two guys instead of one.

So, we have -- we have a second one that we started. Well, no, but the whole focus was on this one man because it's a one man. You know, it's one thing. And then the debate was like a big deal, and that's over. And you think you have it won. And all of a sudden, they replace. And then the new person always has a honeymoon period.

So, she got six weeks of a honeymoon period. Everybody thought good. They didn't think good of her before. In fact, she was the last of 13 people that was going to be chosen. But they want to be politically correct, so they picked this person. And she's not qualified. She got no votes. You know, she -- she dropped out.

You know, she ran against Biden and she dropped out. She got no votes. They had 13 people. She was No. 13. And they picked her. And I guess that's OK. I don't know. The process is pretty, pretty crazy. You know, when they say threat to democracy, that's really a threat to democracy.

I'm not a threat to democracy. That is.

He's an angry guy.

Yeah, I think they got to know her, that she's incompetent, that she's a Marxist. You could say communist. A lot of people don't know what a Marxist is, but they say, "Could you use another word?" I said, "How about communist?"

I don't think you're a big communist fan.

What do you think?

I don't think --

I don't think --

Yeah.

You know, when I walked -- when I first met you, you were walking down to the -- getting ready to walk down to the rink, and I was surprised at how big you were. And the other wrestlers were in the room. And I was going to be following him. And they all called him Taker and they said -- it was sort of cool.

They said, "Have a good time, Taker." They were talking about Taker. And I said that's a cool name. They call him -- they don't call him Undertaker, they say. You know, they're your friends, right?

The other wrestlers, they're sitting around waiting, and they're saying, "Have a good time, Taker." He said, "I will indeed. I will indeed." I said that's pretty cool.

Do they call you Taker?

Yeah.

Deadman, just --

Yeah.

You know, it's -- there have been so many portraits of -- and some are genius and some are terrible. You know how it's like. It's got to be the most -- you know, look, it's amazing because I'm alive. It's not supposed to be -- you're not supposed to be alive for iconic, but they say it's the most -- I think Iwo Jima --

Is right there.

They took a lot of bullets --

Putting up the flag, right? But I will -- I will say that I have never seen anything like it. I -- I get paintings every day, paintings. Some are really good, and some, you know, aren't good. Some are not great artists. But I've never seen anything like it, actually. I had that with my mug shot but to a lesser extent. The mug shot was big.

Now, the mug shot -- you know I had the mug shot. So, you know who was -- who was No. 1? It was Elvis Presley. Did you know that he was arrested --

For something. And that was the biggest. And then Frank Sinatra was second. A lot of big mug shots. He was -- he got into a brawl with -- had to do with booze and women.

And he -- that can do it.

It's a bad combination, right? That'll do it.

Never for you, though.

Are you a drinker at all?

We have -- we had that crazy mug shot. And as soon as I saw it, I said, "That's really unusual." When I went in, I said -- I wonder, do I smile and say screw you or do I just act angry? And I thought the smile wasn't appropriate. It was so bad. A lot of people said, "You know what you do? Just smile."

I didn't, so I was scowling. And he knows all about scowling. That's what he did.

He scowled.

You made a big career out of your scowling. But anyway, so I did. But that thing went crazy.

It was like 400 million -- 400 million hits. But this picture, I think, is even maybe bigger, right, this picture?

I see myself being shot every single day no matter when. Now, you -- I just left -- I was watching something and they have this picture on, the whole act. You know, the whole thing where -- you know, from the time you get shot with, you know, and I'm following my hand down and somebody obviously is screaming get down as bullets, right, because it -- otherwise it's almost too perfect because the way you followed it.

But I look at my hand, there's blood all over my hand. I said that's either the biggest mosquito in history or I got shot.

Yeah, that's right. Butler is -- yeah, probably does.

So, I knew -- I knew that -- it's funny. You know the surreal experience kind of thing?

Or I don't know if you've ever experienced it, but a lot of people do where something happens that's so big -- and don't forget, I had thousands and more than you have at wrestling matches, you know, times three if you fill up an arena. You know, I had thousands of people out there. So, number one, it's sort of embarrassing.

You know, you're speaking, and all of a sudden, you're getting down on the floor. The -- a lot of amazing things happened. Number one, the -- the -- you could call them fans, but the patriots -- they're really patriots -- they didn't move, and there were a lot of shots fired, at least eight.

Right? That's a lot. And the crowd control expert said that -- one, in particular, said it's amazing because when they hear bullets, they know bullets, the fans break up, and they stampede. And they -- they really stampede, and people get killed from -- nobody left. You saw that with the small group behind me.

You know, the group behind me was relatively small. The -- the people were all out there. Thousands, you couldn't even see the end of it. And when I got hit, I went down, and then Secret Service was very brave, I have to say. They were all jumping on top, and the bullets were flying right at them. And then he got taken out by the sniper.

The sniper got him from a long distance. One shot. Amazing. If he doesn't get him, you get a lot of people dead. But the -- the Secret Service sniper was amazing. And we believe also a local -- the local police hit the barrel of the rifle and splinter the hell out of it. But if -- if they don't get him -- and they got him.

They got him. But if they don't get him, you probably have a lot of -- lot of dead. We lost one and two were very badly hurt. We thought they were both going to be gone, and they -- they both made it. Great doctors, great doctors.

You know, country-type doctors, right? They were --

Great. You couldn't have had any better. They saved them. They -- they're -- they're good. But it was -- surprisingly, you know, when I think back on it, I was on the floor. I had blood pouring all over the place. You would know this better than anybody in the world probably. They say when your ear gets damaged, the blood -- it's the bloodiest thing.

And it has to do with cartilage. If your ear gets cut or damaged, it's very bloody, and, you know, you probably --

Well, yeah, more so than, like, anything else, which is surprising. But I was loaded up with blood and -- but I was down, and they thought I got hit numerous times all over the place. And I said, "Nope, I got the ear. I want to get up. Get me up." I'm screaming where are my shoes because my shoes got knocked off.

When they -- when they jumped, I mean, they -- they hit pretty hard. They were there fast. They were very brave.

And by -- I don't know how that happened, but my shoes got ripped off. So -- but it wasn't a surreal experience. It was -- I knew everything that was happening. It was amazing. Did you see the one where my face was just off the ground and the blood's pouring all over the place?

I mean, these are some crazy shots. This was not supposed to be my life. This is supposed to be his life, OK? This was --

This was --

He's going to be shocked when he sees his ratings. He's going to get that big -- he's going to get ratings him.

Are -- are you going to --

I feel like I'm doing the interview here --

Because it's interesting to me. Where's our big man? Where's our -- where's our next --

He's going to be -- going to be the next governor of Texas.

I love sports, and I knew Vince and this and that. I guess it goes back a long way. I held three or four WrestleManias.

I think so.

And they were good ones.

They were really good ones. It was hot as a pistol then. It sort of always been hot, but I think it was really -- I mean, it was really hot. And I don't think I did the first one, but I did maybe III and IV.

III and IV. In fact, it was so good, I wanted the second one, right? But -- and it was a tremendous success. It was great. And really, Dana White and Vince are really two guys -- they're -- they're very unique people. Dana is incredible.

And -- and different -- you know, it's different kinds. It's actually a much different product in a certain way, even though it's, you know, fights.

It's a much different product. But -- but they sort of have some qualities that are very, very similar. But Dana -- Dana has done an unbelievable job, and Vince -- Vince preceded him by a little bit, but boy, what a job he did.

Yeah.

So, the combination, sounds like it's a good combination.

Well, Linda McMahon, I picked, who really helped Vince a lot over the years. You know, people -- a lot of people don't know that. And she is a fantastic woman. She's been a big supporter from the moment, you know, I mean, from -- from the very beginning. And she was the head of small businesses, which is big business basically.

Small business administration. And she did a fantastic job. Everybody loves her. Special woman. And I know she was involved with the WWE. So, it used to be WWF, right?

And they just couldn't get that name back, which was amazing, right? They couldn't.

Do you think it make a difference -- do you think it made a difference? WWE, WW -- now, you -- I guess, with time, it's OK.

But it was to get used to it.

And they were being absolutely very tough, right?

No.

Did he lose that case?

Well, in the end, he did the right thing. But I remember, at the beginning, it was so awkward to say WWE, right?

It was really unbelievable.

Yeah.

So, tell me, what are you doing here with this stuff? So -- so, you have a big name. You have a lot of fans. When you asked me to do this, I said I'm going to do it because I'm a fan. You know, I -- I really think you've done a great job. What is this -- so tell me what this is all about.

It's a platform?

What is it, best what?

Oh, really? Is that right?

Oh.

What apparel is it? What kind of apparel?

So, you know all about the Trump apparel then, right?

Oh, I see.

Wow.

That's great.

Good. So, how long has that been going? How has it?

How long -- how long are you married?

Good.

Is this your second marriage?

The second --

The second. All right. You can cut that part out. This -- this sounds like it's going to get a little bit too -- too tense.

Yeah.

So much -- so much for that question.

We'll take that question. The -- the answer started getting a little bit long.

It's -- there's bad things coming out of that answer.

Yeah.

Well, it's -- it's so interesting because -- and -- and I can't explain exactly why, but -- so we'll go to places and have 100,000 people show up. And I don't have a card, and I'm not a wrestler. And when I felt your arm, I said I wouldn't have been a very good wrestler. I wouldn't. You get big, strong arms on top of everything else.

But -- but, you know -- and I'll get a crowd of 100,000 people coming about politics. You know it's on. If Ronald Reagan came back and he went to, you know, some of the places that I go to, he'd have 250 people or 300 or 400. And that's very, very good. You know, and they do it in a ballroom someplace.

And I'm getting like 50,000, 60,000, 100,000 people. It's crazy. And it's really -- it's like a love of the country because -- you know, it's hope. It's something going on. It's something very amazing. So, now, we're in the middle of the election period. I mean, it's actually started. The voting actually started after four years because if I didn't feel I won by a lot in the last election, I wouldn't do it.

Because if you got -- you know, if you lost, you lost. It's OK. You lose. It's easier, in a way, to just say, OK, I'm getting on with my life and maybe I'll go to those beaches or do what I want to do.

Yeah, golf, too. Do you play golf?

I would think you would hit a long ball if you hit it.

Right.

Right.

Yeah, well, that was the second time, yeah. I'm standing over a putt. He could have, at least, let me putt it out, right?

It actually wasn't him, though. It was the Secret Service agent. The guy did a good job. He saw a barrel coming out. Can you believe it? AK-47. That's a big one, right?

And he saw a barrel coming out from behind a bush. The guy's buried in a bush, very lush course. And the Secret Service, he -- I mean, he did an amazing job. He's walking down a hole ahead of me and he sees a barrel coming out of a bush. And he didn't talk. He started shooting because he said that's not good, and he started shooting.

And the guy wasn't hit, but he dropped his gun and he ran across the street, got into a car. Now, listen to this one. A woman -- it could only be a woman because men maybe aren't smart enough, right? A woman sees this guy running. He's running across the street. Now, who would do this? It's fairly busy street, big -- you know, Congress, and she sees him and she said he's suspicious.

I see people running all the time that don't look so hot. But she follows him for one block. He gets into the car. She stops her car starts taking pictures of his license plate and starts taking pictures of the type of car. It was -- it was a whatever, a van of some kind. And she then takes the pictures and sends them to the sheriff.

Who would do this? And the sheriff says, wow, because they just had an incident. It only happened three minutes before.

So, the sheriff then gets a picture, and he just had a call that there's this big deal going on. And two minutes later, he gets a picture of a car and a license plate, sent by the one. Who would do this? I said to the sheriff, "If this happened a thousand times, how many people would follow a guy that's running down the street, stop, and take pictures?" And there's some kind of a chip or something on the license plate that if they have the license plate, they can track you down. Did you ever know that? I never heard of that.

There's some kind of a deal that if they have your license plate, they can find you. And they have them speeding down a highway, and they got them and nabbed him fast. And -- but think of that because he could be out there. And I wouldn't want to have a guy out there that, you know, just dropped an AK-47 and ran and he's out there.

And they got him. And, you know, he's going to -- he's got some problems, bad guy. But think of that. Who would think that somebody would take pictures of somebody's license plate because they saw him and he didn't look right? And a woman did this, incredible woman. But I said to the police, I said to the sheriff, who was great.

I said, "Sheriff, how many times -- out of a thousand times, how many times would somebody do that?" He said, "Maybe none."

No, how -- it's so crazy, right?

So, it's -- it was a pretty wild time. And hopefully -- hopefully we're going to have a great election. You know, we're going to -- we'll straighten out the country. We'll straighten out the border. We have a lot to straighten out. This has been the worst president in history. This is the worst vice president in history.

She's worse than he is. And you never know. You know, it's an election, you never know.

Maybe somebody likes her. I think -- I think we should be in good shape. We knocked him out. Now, we have to knock her out. And we'll get it back. And I do it because we're going to make America great again. It's very -- you know, we have MAGA. You know all about MAGA.

It's basically --

It's basically make --

It's been pretty successful.

No, it's the greatest movement in the history of the country. And -- and when I say that, if it was wrong, the press would -- you know, they'd -- I'd say this is the greatest movement, and they have to say I guess that's right. Nothing even close. Maybe the greatest movement in the history of any country.

But we have, you know -- and they're all fans of yours, by the way. We have probably 200 million people if you think about it.

It could be more than that. A majority of the country. And they want to see -- and when Biden went out, you know, on occasion, say, "We have to -- we will stop MAGA. We will stop --" I say no. That's make America great again. You know, he's going to stop MAGA. So, anyway, so it's been very successful.

But now, we're in the middle of an election, right smack in the middle, right?

Yeah. Yeah.

You know, we have -- we have something, I think, that's going to be special. The numbers are very good. But who knows? You know, you have to just keep working. And it's an honor to do the show with you guys.

And I turned down "60 Minutes," and I'm doing your stupid show.

It's all right.

Right.

Yes.

Yeah.

No, I don't mind.

It's a simple question to me.

Go ahead.

Absolutely.

Wow. Such a beautiful -- that is a -- that's what I call a beautiful daughter.

But you -- you still -- you don't want to go and wrestle a guy like if you were doing that because people do that, like your father, right? He's a little too much to handle, right? No. I will not -- I will get rid of it fast. Men playing in women's sports is insane, OK? It's insane. I mean, I assume you -- I can't even imagine anybody thinking anything other.

Like, you have to have borders, right? You have to have fair elections. Where are the people that want it? Have you ever met anybody that said we want men playing in women's sports? You know, I've never met anybody. I know there's got to be some kind of a movement. I'm going to terminate that immediately.

I'll terminate it. I'm not going to let it happen. Yesterday, a volleyball player got hit, female team or somebody transitioned, and you don't think of volleyball. She got hit. Now, this guy, this was a man who transitioned to a woman, and they showed the shot, and it was all -- all girls. There were girls, older, you know, like 18, 19, 20.

Very good players, like all-American-type players. I think a college team or something. And they had the one guy on the one team. And he was up so high in the air, and he smashed that ball. You know, you don't see that. And this ball came at her at a speed that he's, you know --

She's never seen, get really whacked her. But other volleyball players were hurt. But the best is weightlifting, where you see a record that stood for, like, 15 years, and they're putting, you know, an eighth of an ounce on each side of the bar. You know this well.

And then some person that transitioned to a female from a male, "Have you lifted before?" "Not much. No." Well, here we are. So, he got -- you know, he puts -- they added like 100 pounds to it. He's still lifting.

So, it's crazy. The swimmers, too. Look at the swimmers.

I mean, the swimmers is -- it's ridiculous.

So -- and I think it's very demeaning to women. But, you know, she wants to play sports and she wants to play against women. You don't necessarily want to play against men. You know. It's OK, but you don't want to do it. Did you see the boxing match at the Olympic boxing? Did you see the guy?

Did you see that beautiful Italian girl? She's supposed to be a good boxer. She took just a left jab. The guy's up, he goes boom. That's like a defensive punch. So, it goes like that. I never saw it quite like that. She didn't actually go down. She walked back to her corner. She said I just got hit harder than I've ever been hit before.

The corner pushes her back out. "You can do it. You can do it." He goes with another left jab and she walked off. She said there's no way I can beat that. Now, there were two people in the Olympics -- because I didn't even know they have female boxing. There were two people that transitioned into women, both of them won the gold medal shockingly. Are you shocked to hear that?

How would you like to play this guy, OK? He decides to transition. I don't think we have to worry about --

Somehow, I don't think -- I don't think we have to worry about it, but this would not be pleasant. It's been great being with you, guys.

You have a beautiful daughter.

It's -- I bet you're going to be a good athlete, right?

Are you good now, very good? What -- what sport do you play other than the football?

What position do you play in football?

Whoa. That's good. And you have good hands for that, I see.

She's got a little bit of an arm, huh? That's good. Well, I'll be watching, OK? I'll be watching.

Now, you have to do me a favor. Tell your father that we had a great time. We're sitting down, and we look a little bit equal, a little bit equal. Tell your father not to show any picture where we're standing up together because I don't want to look like a small person. Do you understand? Will you tell him that?

You'll watch that for me?

OK? Do you understand that, everybody? Because I never felt that small before. Anyway. It was great, fellas. Great.

You're something very special. Take care of yourself.

We'll see you again. We'll see you again. Get out and vote. Thank you very much.

That was fun.