Well, and you did a great job, Sebastian, for us in the administration. You were fantastic and we appreciated it and you also were fantastic on the commission. We very much appreciate the job you did. Thank you very much.

Well, the family is good. The first lady is really great. She's doing fantastically. I can tell you, she's missed. People love our first lady, and I see it when I make speeches. They have signs, we love our first lady, and so many of them. So we're all doing very well. It's too bad what happened. We got 75 million votes, plus in my opinion, plus, plus, plus.

You know that.

And we did a great job. We ran twice and we won the first time and we won by more the second time. We won by more than 12 million votes, more than we got the first time. So it was really something, and we continue to fight that and also to look forward.

Right.

Yeah, well, it wasn't only 91 million, there were other sites. And then if you look at POTUS, you know, we had a POTUS site and I think we had 36 million on that one. And then you also have Facebook and Instagram and you have so many different things, so it's hundreds of millions of people. It's a disgrace.

At the same time, I think I'm getting the word out really well. We do releases. When there's something like today, we did a release on Johnson & Johnson, why did the FDA -- I understand the FDA very well. I'm the one that pushed them, otherwise you wouldn't have a vaccine for three to five years if you had one at all.

And so I understand. Why do they have to do that to the Johnson & Johnson vaccine, because they put a stigma on it by doing what they did? And it's just -- it's a disgrace. Frankly, it's a disgrace. They want to get publicity or they want to do something, but I know them very well. I know them very well.

You wouldn't have had a vaccine for a long time, if you ever would have had it. It's too bad what they did because it makes it difficult, frankly, for that vaccine. And that's a one shot vaccine, easier to transport. It's got a lot of -- and it had something very interesting. I guess, zero people when they had COVID, zero people died from it. They had zero percentage died from it. That's a big deal.

So for them to go and say we're going to pause it, that's a bad thing when you say you're going to pause it, unless you had a big problem and they seem to have a very small problem. So it's just -- I think it's a shame.

Well, it was very hard. We had an FDA that takes a long time to approve things, as you know. You had Fauci saying it's going to take three years, maybe much longer. Most people thought you couldn't do it in five years. Most people thought you'd never even get a vaccine. I felt confident. And we did something else.

We spent billions of dollars on manufacturing the vaccine before we even knew if it was going to work. It was a calculated risk. And if we didn't do that, you wouldn't have had it for nine months after the date that they announced. Which as you know, because of what I did with drug prices with the Favored Nations Clause, that's going to be the biggest thing ever, assuming Biden keeps it, for drug prices.

The drug companies aren't exactly in love with me and they announced it two days after. I think everyone knew we were right there, but they announced it two days after. Now, supposing they announced it before, though, Sebastian, the press would have played it down.

So if they announced it before, they would have acted like no big deal. When they announced it after, they made a big deal out of it. But between the FDA, who we pushed at a level that they've never been pushed before, so we got the vaccine done in less than nine months, and it would have taken three to five years.

I don't think they ever would have had it.

Well, it's hard to believe what they're doing in some states. I mean, I looked at Michigan. I don't think there's a state that's been more closed than Michigan, and they have this outbreak. They're doing worse than anybody. I mean, they've literally been closed and you saw what happened yesterday. They are not doing well at all, and it's incredible.

It's incredible. So you know, when we did what we did, when I allowed people -- depending on the governor, because we were also -- it's a local thing to a large extent. But you look at Florida, you look at Texas, you look at a lot of different states that opened up, they do better than the states in terms of the illness itself, in terms of the Chinese virus.

They're doing better. They actually do, think of it. They actually do better than some of these closed states. But Michigan, I mean other than her husband, there was nobody allowed to even move in Michigan. And of course, he was doing things that he wasn't supposed to. But you take a look at Michigan and now that was the news yesterday, that in Michigan, it's an outbreak.

So it just seems to be that the Republicans have done really a very good job. You look at New York, you look at Los Angeles, you look at California, what happened in California and what they've done to the economies. It's just staggering. New York, I don't know, does it ever come back? And California, is staggering what they've done to their economies.

And what they've done to children by not letting children go back to school. You know about it. I don't have to go over it, but it's having a tremendous psychological impact.

Yes.

Right. He's a very good man.

I think they're laughing at us like they've never laughed before. Our political -- and you could say this, politically correct armed forces where they're sending out documents, talking about all sorts of things that shouldn't be discussed, that shouldn't even be thought about. You look at what's going illegally within the Army.

I mean, I actually, no, I asked somebody the other day, so if a general tells a private what to do and if the general is slightly harsh, is that acceptable, and they weren't sure how to answer the question. Do you understand this? It's just crazy what's going on.

No, I think the world is laughing at us, and they weren't laughing before. When we were in there, were not laughing, Sebastian. I'll tell you what, we didn't have this problem with Russia. We didn't have China circling Taiwan. We didn't have all of the things that are happening right now and we had a very good relationship with Kim Jong Un.

So I think we have a great bench. I think we have a lot of really good people that are going to be running for office. The endorsement that I give has a lot to do with a lot of victories, which is a great honor for me, because people trust us. And you see what's happening, is when I endorse somebody, they're winning.

I think we're 128 and two in the last cycle, 128 and two and nobody ever thought a thing like that was possible when we endorsed Congressman. You know, we lost no seats in Congress. We won 15. We were supposed to lose 25 and we ended up winning 15, and we're very close to taking Congress. We're very, very close.

I think we're going to do a very good job in the House. I think we're going to have a victory. I think we're going to have a victory in a year and a half. You know, the time flies. But we are very much involved in Congressional candidates and Senatorial candidates and I think you're going to see a tremendous amount of win.

I think, also what's happening with respect to -- and you know this better than anybody, I know you have it on your show a lot and you're studying it, but the border. The border is a -- there's never been anything like this. Hundreds of thousands of people are forming right now to come into our country. They think they can do it. They're not checked out.

You talk about COVID, there's plenty of other problems that they have. And many of these people are bad people where the countries don't want them. They put them in caravans and we end up getting murderers and drug dealers and human traffickers and all of these people that the countries, whether it's Guatemala, Honduras, El Salvador, Mexico, in all fairness to Mexico, they're sending people into this country.

We've never had anything like it ever before. And all they had to do is just leave the policies. It was not easy to get. I had to win them in court. I went to court. I won tremendous court cases. I had to win many court cases on the wall. The wall was almost complete. It was delayed for two and a half years because Congress and everybody else was suing us on the wall.

I won those cases. The wall was almost complete and then they said they don't want to complete it. So maybe they will. Who knows? I mean, now I'm hearing they have to complete it, but it was so good. It was all they had to do is leave it the way it was. We had such professionals, we worked with Border Patrol, we worked with ICE, we worked with everybody.

We had it at a level that nobody's ever seen before and in one day, come to America, come through. It was like people -- and we're not just talking about Latin America, South America, we have people coming in from Yemen, coming in from the Middle East, coming in from everywhere. It's a disgrace. It's a shame.

Very tough for them to stop it now, not so easy. For them to go and do the deals that I made with Mexico and the three countries that I just named, very, very tough for them to do that.

Well, you always have to worry about defense because you look at what they're doing with defense and you look at the way they're talking to their soldiers and these great people that are in the military, it's horrible, the disrespect. It's actually a disrespect to our country. And you look at all of the things that are happening.

You look at everything going on with respect to the border, that we just discussed. You look at all of the things that are going on with respect to -- look at the vaccine today. To do that with Johnson & Johnson is an absolute disgrace, I mean millions and millions of people are being saved by that vaccine.

And for them to do a pause and why are they doing it, for politics or for their own self-gratification or for some publicity? They shouldn't do it that way. And now you've caused that doubt. They're trying to get rid of the doubt because you have the anti-vaxxers and yet they go out and they do something like this.

It's an absolute disgrace, just a total disgrace. So many different things, so many different things. But I don't know, somehow the border is captivating to people because you're going to see hundreds of thousands of people lining up, and they're going to be marching into our country and they're going to go unimpeded because these people, they don't know what they're doing, and everybody knows it. And we had the best border we've ever had.

Well, you'll always have rhinos. And in many ways, the Democrats beat out the rhinos. Sometimes some of these people within the party, when you have -- and obviously, the Mitt Romney's the little Ben Sasses, the people that that are -- Murkowski in Alaska just does a horrible job. When you have people like that, they don't seem to have -- they stick together.

Democrats stick together. They have horrible policy, fortunately for the Republicans, or you wouldn't have a Republican Party. They have horrible, horrible policy, but they stick together. They're vicious, which is a terrible thing. They're vicious. They're violent. They're vicious. But they stick together.

The thing is, their policy is so bad, defund the police, let's open up sanctuary cities, all of the things, your discussion with me on military. They don't want to take care of the military the way the military has to be taken care of. We rebuilt the military. The job I did and the job that we all did on the military, we've rebuilt the military.

When I came in, the military was depleted, it was exhausted, it was tired, the equipment was old. We've rebuilt the military and it's been amazing. Some people call it a miracle. They call it the greatest miracle, the fact that I got the vaccine. They actually, all sides admit that, but they called the military, the rebuilding of the military is somewhat of a miracle.

And then we have Space Force, all the things we've done. But when you see what's going on now, it's a very sad thing to watch, actually.

Well, I think it's a great question and statement at the same time, and I will say this, I have never seen such love as we have right now. The election was rigged and stolen. It was a disgraceful election. It should have never been allowed to happen. Mitch McConnell should have fought it and instead of fighting it, he didn't do a thing.

And then he just said -- he made the statement about Biden and Biden is -- what he's doing for this country. Nobody thought that it could be this bad. I was saying I thought it might, but this is more than Bernie Sanders ever dreamt of. He never thought it was possible, the kind of things that they are signing.

And now they're going for your guns and they're going for other things that nobody would have believed even possible. Energy independence, look at the gas pumps, look at what you're paying for gasoline now compared to four months ago. Look at what's happening and it's going to get much more. It's going to go up many fold.

I mean it's going to levels that people are going to be shocked at. And you know who the big beneficiaries, the Middle East, Saudi Arabia, Russia. Those are the beneficiaries. Those are the big beneficiaries. And Iran, of course, is going to be a big beneficiary. Look at the Iran deal. Iran was ready to make a deal and now they are laughing at the United States.

So I just say that it's very sad. I don't think MAGA has ever been stronger than it is now. It's stronger than ever before. I think we're going to do really well at a year and a half. The elections -- all of a sudden, it's going to happen and it's going to happen bigger than, maybe bigger than ever before.

But make America great again, America First, it's all a very similar thing. You know, they want to end. China came in and they said, we don't want the America First policy. So the Biden administration said, oh, we won't have it then. Can you imagine, we won't make America first. Because essentially, that's what they're saying and that's what they're doing.

They're not making America first. It's about America first. It's about make America great again, and I think it's never been stronger. And the election was a disgrace. It was the election of a third world country. You saw it, and I called it with the ballots. I said, with all these ballots, they're sending out millions and millions of ballots.

They used COVID in order to rig the election and people know it. You read that time magazine article from two months ago. It was a cover story. They couldn't help but crow. They couldn't help but brag about it. But you get that, you'll see just part of it, but that election was a disgrace to this country.

And we're not letting it happen again. And the state legislatures have to be smart. Now, if you look at Florida, Texas, Ohio, we won states, Iowa, you look at states where it was straight. We won them in records. We won them by phenomenal margins. Look at Florida, how well we did in Florida. It was easy.

It was over fast. But then you look at areas, you look at states that were poorly run, you look at Georgia, the governor of Georgia, what -- he failed. He failed our, our country. You look at what happened in Pennsylvania, where you had more votes than you had voters. You look at Michigan, you look at Detroit.

You had more votes than you had voters and nobody did anything about it. You look at -- the Supreme Court is a disgrace. They're a disgrace to our country because they had cases in there that would have been -- they didn't do the right thing. And by the way, they didn't rule in the facts, as you know as well as anybody, they ruled on nothing.

They didn't want to hear the case. And the one thing that's -- you can talk about dead people voting, you can talk about illegal immigrants coming in, you can talk about people that don't live in the state, all by the thousands. But the one thing you can't even argue about is the state legislatures in the Constitution are the only ones that can change an election and change the procedures and all the rules, regulations.

And you know what, they didn't do it in the five swing states. They didn't do it. They didn't change them, and they were very close. And we're talking about massive numbers of votes. We're talking about massive. It's in the Constitution that the state legislatures have to make these changes, not local politicians and not local judges, and that's who changed it. And it is a disgrace to our nation that the Supreme Court didn't rule on that.

Yeah, I put it on everybody. I put it on everyone. I think we ran a great campaign. I made 59 stops in terms of -- we have rallies and there wasn't an empty seat. There wasn't an empty place at a rally. Every rally had 25,000, 30,000. 35,000. We had 50,000, 60,000 in some of the rallies and we would organize them a couple of days before; the people would line up two, three, four days early.

And they go to these rallies. They were not states that could be lost. It was not possible to lose Pennsylvania, and in my opinion, Georgia was one big Michigan. We won -- look at Detroit. Look at what went on Detroit. Look at what went on with the vote watchers in these various states where they threw them out of the buildings and we didn't have Republican vote watchers, which is a constitutional right.

Which you have a right to have vote watchers. They were thrown out of buildings. I think it was everyone. Look, it starts with the legislatures of basically five states. You could say six, but basically five states. And the legislatures, they should have done something because they didn't rule, they didn't make the changes.

Local politicians, local judges made all of these massive changes and they made it impossible. Now, with all of that being said, you have many other things that were crooked as hell with the elections too. But look at what happened with respect to the fact that the legislatures did not make the rulings and therefore, all of those hundreds, those millions of votes that we're talking about, weren't counted.

And these are game changers. These aren't like 10 votes of some category. These are millions and millions of votes. This was a corrupt election. This was the election of a third world country. When you look at the voting areas where they tabulate, you literally looked at people that were dumping these ballots all over the place.

They're putting them in bags, they're putting them in wagons and wheelbarrows and moving them around, where are they going? It was a third world operation in many of the states, but in particular, in the swing states because where we lost is in -- we didn't lose, we won, but where they say we lost is the swing states.

And we didn't lose in the swing states. We won them big. Just like we won -- you don't win, as an example, Alabama by a record and South Carolina by records and all of these states surrounding and then lose Georgia. You don't win Ohio by a record and lose Michigan. It just doesn't happen. We had tremendous victories.

Wisconsin, we had one judge who was a rogue judge. It should have been an easy victory for us, what they did in Wisconsin and the people in Wisconsin are angry and the voters are angry. The people of this country are angry. You're angry, but the people of this country are angry and then they want to silence you.

They don't want you to talk about the election. You know why, because we're so close. It's too close to home. They don't want to talk about it because there's no way they can justify it. There's no way they can justify all of the things that I've said. But in particular, the fact that legislatures did not make the changes.

And I only wish that Mike Pence sent it back to the legislatures because by the time they got it on January 6th, by the time they were voting, those legislatures, they were ready to do things, in my opinion, that would have been election changing.

Yeah. I do.

Yeah, I do. And frankly, I have people that are so good and you saw that as we were going through. And you do have people that get into administrations and I thought Kelly was terrible. Who would have thought he was going to be, but I got rid of him that was the end of that. Mark Meadows, by the way, did a great job as you know.

I think you're a big fan of Mark and you make changes and you make adjustments as you go along. And now that I've been in Washington and become so well-versed in Washington, I have people that are so great. By the way, you're one of them. But I have people that are so good and we have a lot of -- look, we had some great people.

We did a great job. I think you could say very few presidents have come close to doing the job we've done. I think we did -- very few people have been able to do anything close to what we've done. We've had great people, but we had some people that weren't good and you won't be seeing them again.

Well, yeah, DonaldJTrump.com, send the money because we're putting it -- we're raising a lot of money for a lot of good people, including the potential of what we're going to be doing very shortly. So we're raising a lot of money. It's been very, very successful and we want to make sure that this country is going to be saved.

Look, our country is being destroyed. It's being destroyed at the borders. What they're doing with the military is horrible, so many different things, and we have to save this country. It was a very unfair situation. It took place at the election. What they did, rigging and stealing this election and then making all of these horrible changes that people don't want, but these horrible, horrible changes.

And you haven't seen the end of it. Wait until you see what happens with the Second Amendment. Wait till you see other things that they're working on. And this was an election, an election that obviously, people know, it was rigged and it was stolen. It's a disgrace. It's a disgrace to our country and they shouldn't be allowed to get away with it.

Very good, Sebastian, thank you very much. Have a good time.