But your thing is going really great. My son's a big fan of yours, Barron.

Yeah. Oh, yeah.

That's right. He just did. He -- he knows you very well. He said, "Dad, he's big."

You're a big one.

So, that's good.

But that's -- that's where it is nowadays, right?

That's fantastic.

Do you want to start? You go ahead.

Yeah, sure.

He does. He plays golf and different sports, soccer. He loves soccer, very good at soccer. He's a good athlete, Barron.

He has, and he's getting set to go in the fall, good college, a very good one. And he was always a very good student. He's smart -- smart guy.

Well, Don is a hunter. He's a great, great hunter and knows everything about that world and guns and all. He was the first one that said, "Dad, boy, you got lucky, " because I didn't realize that 130 yards is actually very close in that parlance. And he said, "You got lucky." He knew immediately. When he saw that, he said it's incredible because that's considered a pretty close distance.

Yeah.

And the guy wasn't a bad shooter supposedly. You know, he was a very disturbed guy, but he wasn't a bad shooter. And Eric, likewise, he loves the business. He loves real estate. Also very much of a hunter and understands a lot of things about that. They were sort of -- as young guys, they were with their grandfather, and he would take them hunting in Czechoslovakia and somehow they developed very well and --

Yeah. Can you imagine?

That's a long time.

That's a name you don't hear too much anymore, but it was --

That's right. A lot of people -- a lot of people.

But -- so he'd go. They'd spend time in Europe, and they'd do that. That's where he learned a lot about. Both of them are really good.

No, grandfather, actually. The -- the -- they had a grandfather who was a wonderful outdoorsman and athlete. And during the summer, he'd take them out into the woods and they'd go hunting and lots of things, and they loved it. They got to love it. And that's Don and that's Eric.

Oh, yeah.

Yeah, right.

Yeah. Yeah. Well, they're -- they're good -- they're good guys, and they -- they really -- they get along great with the rest of the family. We all get along great. We have a good family. And -- but I love you, I see we -- you talk about a great guy. How about Dana White, the job he does, right?

Yeah, that's right.

Yeah. Nobody like him, actually. It's -- you know, there's an expression that everybody is replaceable. Not Dana.

Nobody could do what he does, and he's made that sport into a big monster sport.

And it's interesting. And we go there and we enjoy it, go with him. Sometimes, we do walk-ons with Dana and the place sort of likes it.

Yeah, but --

Right.

He was it. He was the whole ball game. He was the only sport, and he -- he'd open up in arenas with nothing other than very good fighters.

And they would be fighting. He had some of the best fights during the pandemic.

But he would do that --

Oh, yeah.

Oh, wow. Yeah.

Oh, that's great. That's right. The white guy in the hat is right. That's great.

That's right.

Good sport, isn't it?

Oh, he's great. He was --

Boy, I'll tell you, he's a warrior, that last fight he had.

Whether you like it or not, he is a warrior.

No, he didn't lose that fight. He -- he really -- the man he was fighting was tough. He was tough and didn't expect that same fight. But he, oftentimes, will -- he -- he makes people suffer.

There's no question about it. No, he's all -- he's all -- he's a pro -- he's a professional.

It was -- as that fight went along, he just got stronger and stronger.

And he was getting pounded and he was going to be choked out about four different times, and he just wouldn't let it happen. No, you say hello to him. He's good.

He's a really great fighter --

Oh, wow.

Maybe I'll have to go some time.

He must do good food.

Yeah, I do. It was Joe Frazier-Muhammad Ali in Madison Square Garden many, many years ago. And I think that was the first fight I went to. I liked -- I always liked the boxing.

Oh boy, I don't know. You can deduct it from what I am now, but it was a long time ago. But they were two undefeated fighters. They were both undefeated. Muhammad became a friend of mine. So did Joe, Joltin' Joe. He was -- they were two great fighters.

That -- that fight was incredible. I think they had like many heart attacks that night, literally heart attacks in Madison Square Garden. I think it was Madison Square Garden. And the fight was so unbelievable. Two undefeated heavyweight champions of the world. There was no UFC and there was no competition, really.

It was it.

And so, you had the two guys. And remember that Muhammad wasn't allowed to fight because of lots of different things. And he was a terrific guy. Both terrific guys, very --

And they made it happen. So, you had two undefeated heavyweight champions fighting.

I went with my father and my brother Robert, and it was just -- I don't know, I must have been very young. It was a long time ago, but you would never forget it. That was one of those moments.

But no, literally, there were like many heart attacks in the arena.

No, they're just having heart attacks because it was such a crazy event.

It was so -- the people were just -- I know a friend of mine, a father, he went -- he had a bad heart attack. Literally, they took him out. They were taking people out.

It was a -- and I don't hear that anymore. I mean, there were other exciting sporting events.

I don't think there's ever been -- I don't know. I guess, there has. But you would think Joe Frazier-Muhammad Ali, their first fight, but it was a very exciting time.

They had heart attacks. I mean, they just had -- I guess they do in maybe Super Bowls or something.

Yeah, but I never hear of it.

You know, I'm sure it happens. Just that one. But we had an exciting event the other night with Elon, Elon Musk and me.

We had a pretty big audience for that one, I can tell you.

Yeah, I heard -- I heard the audio was great. And actually, they put out a clear tape of it because they had clear tape.

They had so many millions and millions of people watching, like record numbers of people. And I'm trying to figure out -- we're on a cell phone or I was, and, you know, that's a lot of people coming into a cell phone one way or the other.

But I heard some people had a problem with the audio. I don't know. I don't do that thing. You know, that was done, and -- and we had a great conversation. It was for two hours and 15 minutes. They just put out a clear tape of it, a perfect tape of it, but --

I sounded -- I think I sounded -- somebody said your voice was distorted or something, and -- and, you know, I guess it happens. Look, it was such a big thing, such a big audience, but I would have -- I would have loved to have seen the clear tape originally. They put it out right after the show. So, now, it's a clear tape where -- a perfect tape done there.

But when it goes through different phone systems and everything else -- you think, if we were together, that doesn't happen then? Because I think his voice was more clear than --

Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

Yeah. Well --

And he does what he wants to do.

And he's a fantastic guy, and he's a brilliant person, and the country should be very proud of him, actually. I have Truth, which has been very successful.

Truth Social, yeah. And that's been very successful in getting my voice out. Well, I needed a voice because, you know, I was on Twitter and I was on Instagram, I was on all of it, and I was on Facebook. And when you added it up, I had -- I -- I was told by Zuckerberg and others, it was like record-setting type of numbers.

And then one day, I didn't have anything because they canceled -- I mean, they canceled.

Yeah, it was -- it was a pretty bad thing. And so, I had nothing. So, after about a month -- you know, I have a lot of things to say. And after about a month, I said, you know what I'm going to do, I'm going to just go out and put out an old public relations statement. You -- you remember that? And although you're a little young to see it, but in the old days, you'd put out a statement.

And I did, and it was just gobbled up. It was really gobbled up. And I opened Truth, and Truth has become terrific, actually, for me.

I really want it just as a platform. I mean, it's more important than anything else. And --

Well, it gave me my voice back, yeah. I had hundreds of millions of people. Even now, I haven't been too active on X, but I have, I guess, 90 some odd million people on it. And -- but I was much higher than that when I was actually on it.

Yeah, it's -- I mean, it's been -- but I -- I love the job he's done, and he's brought a certain voice back into -- into play.

The previous people were terrible, terrible.

Every time you do a thing, you'd be red-flagged. They'd put up a red flag.

Every statement you made, you'd be red-flagged.

Yeah. Yeah, right.

Good.

By the way, Kid know -- Kid Rock is -- he's terrific. He came to the convention. He knocked them -- he knocked everybody out. He was -- he's a great guy. He's just a great guy. He's -- he's popular, very popular.

He's -- he's --

He is a legend --

I guess, in a true sense.

He draws big crowds, actually, it's amazing. I saw one. He was out someplace recently, had 80,000 people. He's -- he's big stuff, but he's really -- forget about that. I call him Bob. You know his is name Bob, right? It's Bob. Kid Rock, but it's Bob. But he's a really good guy and he's cool --

He's a cool cat, right?

Right.

Yeah, his brother is --

Yeah, I don't know.

But he's fantastic. Their family -- the father, I knew very well. He just passed away, and it was a tough one --

For the brother. I did, and he was -- he was fantastic.

I got to know him through knowing Bob. And I'll tell you what, it's just a fantastic family, the whole family.

That's right.

And you know what, he plays golf and he plays well. He -- he hit a perfect drive with me. He -- I said, "Do you play?" We're on the 17th hole. I said, "Do you play?" He goes, "Yes." I said, "Oh, really? Do you want to hit a shot?" And he said OK, and he got up. Well, it was very hard for him to put the -- I mean, it was really a tough situation because he has to get the ball on the ground and the tee and everything else.

Nobody did it for him. And he did it. I mean, he goes to the ground and he did it, gets up. He swung. And I'm a good golfer. He had a perfect shot, out to the right with a little hook. Nobody knows what that means in your audience probably, but that's like a perfect shot. And I said, "That is perfect." He said, "I'll do it again." I said, "Don't do it again because you'll never be able to hit a shot that good," and it was really amazing.

He's a -- he's great.

And -- and Bob, really --

He love the family. Yeah. They really have an amazing family. They love --

Not surprised.

Yeah.

I don't drink or smoke.

No, I never have. I -- I had a great brother who taught me a lesson, don't drink -- don't drink, and he said don't smoke. He smoked and he drank, and he was a great guy. He was a handsome -- very handsome guy.

Older -- quite a bit older, yeah. And he would -- he had a problem with alcohol and smoke a lot. But, you know, I tell people no drugs, no drinking, no cigarettes.

I tell that to my kids all the time. I'd say no drugs, no drinking, no smoking. And --

He had -- well, he'd always tell me, he'd say never. So, he was, you know, really old enough that you would look up to somebody -- and I'd look up to him anyway.

Yeah, I -- I admired a lot -- so much about him. He had so much going. He had the look. He had --

Unbelievable personality, like an incredible personality.

His name was Fred, Fred Trump. And he had a problem with alcohol. He got addicted to it because it's -- and, you know, they say alcohol is tougher than drugs to get off of. I've -- I don't know if you've ever heard that. I was --

From alcohol?

Which -- which is worse?

It sets off a chain.

But is -- which is harder to quit? I've heard alcohol is harder to quit than drugs, if that makes sense. I don't know.

More readily -- well, and it's social and you're sitting, and everyone's drinking and all.

Yeah.

Right.

So, you have a problem with that then?

Oh, wow.

Can you -- can you stay away from it?

So, how long have you been off?

Do you ever go back on?

And -- and you don't control it?

No kidding. So, you --

You think you're controlling it.

Boy, that's tough.

So, the only way you can do it is just not to do it, right?

Oh, yeah.

I was amazed because he -- he had so much going -- he had everything going. I think he -- probably, it had happened in college at a fraternity maybe or -- I don't know, somewhere along the line, it happened. And all of a sudden -- you know, this is not unique. This is a very common story, unfortunately, but -- and then the family would see it and start to notice it. And it didn't get better.

It didn't get better. I was amazed, you know, he lived for so long in bad conditions, you know, in terms of -- I was amazed that his body could hold out. It held out. And it had bad moments and -- but his body was unbelievably strong that he could -- that it could withstand this.

Yeah.

I do and --

Yeah, no, it's -- well, you know, the reason it's good talking about it is it might help other people. If it helps one other person, it's worth a conversation.

Yeah.

You know, the interesting thing is, and I tell people, so I never had a cigarette and I've never had a glass of alcohol, and my brother was incredible. He would tell me because he knew he had a problem and he'd say don't ever drink, don't ever smoke. He'd always add smoking because he did smoke a lot, which is, you know, not very healthy.

But he'd say don't ever drink, don't ever drink. He'd tell me every time, he'd said don't ever drink because he knew he had this --

Addiction. And I never had a glass of alcohol. Never ever did I have a glass of alcohol.

Because of him. And I would say that if I did drink, I could, you know, conceivably be the type of personality --

That would have --

Like you, that would have a problem. But I never had. And -- and the only thing I say to people is if -- too late for the people that you're talking about, but if you don't drink, you don't miss it. I mean, I -- I don't even think about alcohol or --

I don't think about cigarettes.

I don't think about any of that. If you -- if you don't take drugs or if you don't have alcohol, it's real easy not to drink it. It's --

I had a friend who went to the Wharton School of Finance with me. He was a very smart guy.

That's in Philadelphia. That's at Penn.

Right. And it's a great, great school -- great business school. And it's part of the University of Pennsylvania, the business school.

Yeah.

Well --

Then he was smart because it's a great school.

But this -- this person that I met, he hated the taste of Scotch. He hated it, couldn't stand it, but he insisted on having it because he wanted -- he felt it was important to be able to drink. I said, "No, just don't drink." He said, you know, to be successful in business, you have to sort of interact and you have to drink.

And I said, "Don't do it." Anyway, he became an unbelievable alcoholic, uncontrollable alcoholic.

And he died. Yeah, and he died. He was a -- you know, he -- but he hated the taste of Scotch --

And then he then he couldn't live without it.

Literally.

Yeah.

Could be.

Yeah.

I do, and he'd have periods where he'd get sick, very sick, and we thought we'd lose him or we lost him, then he'd get better. And that happened five or six times. I mean, well, you thought you lost him, and then he got better. And it was amazing. I mean, he was, in a certain way, very strong in that sense.

And I just tell people it's -- it's so tragic. Don't drink, just don't drink.

And you're not going to have a problem. Like even you, if you didn't drink, you would never -- but you probably maybe wouldn't be successful like you are. You know, it's part of your -- your story, right?

It is risky.

Well, he was wise in a sense. I mean, think of it. He's got this problem and it was very important for him to convey to me not to have this problem. And I couldn't have been successful if I had that problem.

If I had that problem -- and I think maybe I'm a personality type where I could have had the problem if I drank. But if you don't drink, you're never going to have it. I mean, I don't miss -- when I see somebody light up a cigarette and just they're in heaven, I don't miss that at all.

Isn't it -- isn't it crazy?

Yeah.

Yeah, I --

Is he OK now?

Well, you can learn through history, too, whether -- even if it's not a brother.

It's by watching other people. I mean, you can see if you have a friend who's an alcoholic or even just by reading about people, you can learn.

It doesn't necessarily have to be a brother. But in this case, it was very personal. It was a brother. And I learned not to drink and I learned not to smoke cigarettes. Now, I don't know that I would have smoked cigarettes. I probably would have drunk. I think, you know, there's no reason not to drink. But I had a reason because he told me, you know, just --

Don't do it. Yeah.

Yeah.

He had a great talent for flying. He was a pilot.

And he loved it. And he --

I did. I flew with him. He was a great pilot and very talented. Other pilots would come to his house to study with him.

And -- and he was really talented at that. But ultimately, he had to give that because of the alcohol. He had to give that up, which was a hard thing for him to do, but he had to give that up.

Yeah. No, they lose everything and many, many people. And you have -- in those days, it wasn't drugs, it wasn't like don't drink, don't take drugs. I don't think drugs -- I don't even know, were they even a factor? They happened a pretty long time ago. But I think, in those days, I don't think -- were drugs a factor?

You go back 25 years ago.

Well, certainly not like now.

Go ahead.

Right.

Yeah.

Right.

So, well, we did a great job. We had --

Yes.

It does make sense. And we had committees, blue ribbon committees in certain cases, but committees that would meet. The big problem we have is -- you know, fentanyl is probably the biggest. Opioid is bad. Opioid is bad, too.

I think that's bad because everyone thinks -- you know, in many cases, they think they're going to do away with pain. And literally, the time is so short. If you take it for like two weeks, you're almost addicted to it. It's incredible when you think --

How do get -- how did you -- how did you get addicted? How -- how did --

That's down --

That's down and dirty, right?

But you don't anymore?

Is it too much -- too much to handle?

So, the thing you'd go back to then is alcohol, for the most part?

Is cocaine a stronger --

Up?

So, you're way up with cocaine more than anything else you can think of?

Yeah.

And is that a good feeling while --

It's a miserable feeling.

So, it's not even good during what would be normally the good time, in other words. Oh, wow. So, why would you do it?

Yeah, that's -- that's terrible.

Yeah.

Yeah. Yeah.

Which is a bigger problem in our country would you say?

Bigger than alcohol?

And compare that to fentanyl.

Right.

Yeah. Fentanyl is like laced into everything now, it's horrible.

Right.

Yeah.

Well, you have to stop listening to lobbyists. You know, I was not a big person for lobbyists. And if they have even a little access to like a president or a senator or a congressman or woman --

They get a lot of money.

And in some cases, they just take the money, they don't do anything. But you have a lot of lobbyists in Washington pushing and certainly a lot for the -- for all of the things that we're talking about, including alcohol.

Yeah, they're winning. They're making a lot of money. Absolutely.

Well, one way you could stop it is to say if you're going to go into government, you can never be a lobbyist. In many cases, they have rules and regulations where you can't do it for four years, three years, five years, whatever.

Yeah. I mean, you could --

You could say that if you're an elected official or if you work in government, you can never be a lobbyist. You have people that work in government and they give out contracts to the military and then they leave and they work for them -- for the people that they're giving out contracts to.

Yeah.

Well, there's a whole constitutional thing there. I mean, can you make somebody never ever go into the business if you're -- if you work for government, and especially if you're giving out contracts? In other words, you're a powerful person within some industry, the Navy, the Army, any -- you know, anything.

It could be military procurement, etc. There's a whole thing, like there's a whole question as to you give out a contract and then, all of a sudden, you're working for the person you gave out the contract to or the company that you gave out the contract to.

Well, it's -- and it's obviously a problem and it's a big problem, and we were doing things about it, but then we had to get down to other business. We had to solve some -- we had a lot of problems with this country, a lot of problems.

Well, I think the people like me.

Because we're leading now in all the polls. We're leading in -- Rasmussen just came out a little while. Rasmussen is a very highly, highly regarded poll and we're leaving by like -- leading by five points.

Rasmussen poll.

And -- and others also. And we're doing well. But I think the people like me a lot. You know, we won, and then we did --

So, we won in 2016, and then we did much better in 2020, much better, got millions and millions more votes. And --

Well, in some cases, the things we're talking about right now. They want to sell product that I'm not interested in. They want to have certain boats and certain ships and certain planes and certain everything bought. Pharma is another one that's, you know, interesting.

Yeah, I think they do. Well -- yeah, I think -- I think it's pretty obvious that they do. In one way, that's a positive thing politically because when you can show that they push back, the voters seem to like it. But we have a lot of -- a lot of popularity. We have a lot of -- a lot of people that want to see me come back and win because we had a great time.

We had the greatest economy in history when I was president. We had --

Yeah, we had the best numbers.

African American, Hispanic American. If you look -- Asian American, job numbers, women, men, everybody. We did a -- we did a lot of good things. We cut -- we cut taxes more than anybody else, including Ronald Reagan. We cut regulations, which created jobs. We had a great period of time, and I think the people want it back.

Based on what I'm seeing, the people want it back.

Right.

Interesting.

That's very interesting.

It's a form, yeah.

Yup.

Yup.

Right.

Biden -- Biden got away with it.

They hated it.

And because it would -- would have made it very competitive. And Biden let it go. He didn't -- he never enforced it. And to get that approved was a big deal. And that would have brought down the price of -- of, you know --

Not only, you know, just care, right, care, physical care, mental care. That would have brought down the -- the cost of care by 50, 60 percent, and Biden and Kamala didn't press it. It was a big thing to get it, but I'll be pressing it. And because --

I will be pressing it -- yeah. And because I'll be pressing it, there are some people that are vehemently against it for financial reasons, you know, for money reasons. But I'll be pressing it.

Yeah, I know. These are bad people.

Wow.

It's pretty crazy.

No, it's -- when you think of it -- at first, when you said it, I said wow. And then I'm thinking about it, I'm saying it's really not a wow, it's I understand it.

Tremendous lobby, tremendous powerful lobby.

Well, he's one of the people that has hurt and he's one of the people that keeps the prices high. And he's -- you know, gets a lot of contributions from the people on the other side. Yeah, and him and plenty of other people, a lot of people. It's a very powerful lobby.

You know the most powerful lobby, the lawyer lobby.

And that feeds into that also. You know, it all feeds into it.

Yeah.

Yeah.

Yeah, it really has to do with money. That's --

They probably start off by saying this is terrible, and then they eventually say, well --

Yeah.

Yeah.

They're very tough to deal with, and they've been taken care of by drug companies and others for years. You know, you have politicians that have been, for years, being taken care of by people that make a lot of money and they want to keep making a lot of money. And it is -- I mean, in that case, it's not a power thing.

It's a money thing.

A lot of money.

Well, the most powerful lobby is the lawyer lobby, I would say. The teachers' lobby is important or powerful, sometimes, really, to the detriment of everybody. But the most powerful lobby is probably the lawyers. Who would think that, right? But they have -- they're -- they're -- that's why if you wanted to get rid of court cases and cut down litigation costs, which, in this country, is out of control, loser pays.

What you do is you go loser pays. In other words, the loser of a lawsuit has to pay for the other side -- has to pay back all the money the other side spent.

Yeah, it would get rid of 75, 80 percent of -- of the litigation. We are a very litigious country.

Yeah.

Well, if that would happen, you'd get rid of a lot of it, but the lawyers are opposed to it. It will -- it probably will not happen no matter what because, obviously, the lawyers want to --

I -- I don't know. I think that it maybe would have to go before the Supreme Court, but the most powerful lobby is that lobby. And if you wanted to get rid of litigation, if you went -- and, you know, Europe has it, a lot of places have it in different countries where loser pays. If you sue somebody and you lose, you have to -- you have to pay the costs of the other side.

And what happens is people don't sue. It's a tremendous difference. But this country -- the lawyers are very much opposed to it in this country. It's too bad.

No.

Yeah, no.

I like him. I've always liked him, but --

No, he's a good man.

He's in there pitching. It's tough. It's a two-party system and he's a third party. You know, it's a tough thing. He can't get registered now in New York. I see New York. And the Democrats have really opposed him vehemently. I haven't, but the Democrats have really opposed him.

Well, the laws don't allow that.

And the laws don't allow, unless you have 15 or 20 percent or whatever it is, they don't allow you to debate. You don't have to debate. So, you can't get on the stage. You can't -- and the debates are very important. I mean, I had a debate with Joe Biden.

And that was a very meaningful -- that was a very consequential debate to put it mildly.

Well, they wanted to debate. They gave me everything that I didn't want, CNN. And then they gave me Dana Bash and Jake Tapper. Now, remember this, they were very straight during that debate. I have -- I gained a certain respect because Jake Tapper, who I call Fake Tapper, but, now, I don't do that.

I don't do that so much anymore. You did. But I thought they were very evenhanded, if you want to know the truth, during the debate. It was good.

They had certain pressure on them to be evenhanded. I think it's hard to not do that. But they were very evenhanded, and it was a great debate, but a very important debate.

Right. Right.

Right.

Yeah.

It was a coup.

Yeah.

I know what happened, and you're not supposed to do that. It's not supposed to be probably constitutional. She got no votes. He got 14 million votes. All of a sudden, they're telling him to get out or they threatened him.

And he is an angry person. Well, I would say Schumer, Pelosi, and numerous other people, the heads of the Democrat Party.

And they did. They threatened him violently, I think, and he didn't want to get out.

Remember, he said, "Only God will get me out," right? Only God will get me --

Yeah. And what happened is they -- they went to him and they said -- this was after the debate. Now, if he didn't have the debate, he would still be --

Running.

That I don't know. I mean, he had his debate. Maybe he wanted to. I heard he didn't. I heard they offered me things that I would never accept, and I accepted them. They said CNN, they said Jake Tapper, Dana Bash. They -- they said all things that I could not take, and I accepted all of them. And, you know, look, it was a good debate for me. It wasn't a good debate for him.

I think he'd still be running right now. You wouldn't have her. She was one of the most disrespected people in the whole country. She was -- she was a failed vice president. She was the most -- she was considered the worst vice president in the history of our country. She had no chance. You know, if you go back six weeks, they were saying how bad she was, and they wanted to choose from 11 different people.

I thought that's what they were going to have.

They were -- they were -- they wanted to be politically correct and they chose her.

Yeah.

It happened to Bernie twice.

If you think about it.

No.

Would you like Bernie -- is he -- are you friends with him or something?

Was that the first time?

Were you impressed by him?

One thing, he's -- he's still sharp, right?

He doesn't suffer from what Biden did.

Mental dullness.

Right?

Mentally gone.

Mentally gone.

Yeah, that's probably right.

And did Bernie -- because I got insulin down, and they took credit for it, but I got it down to $35. And I said, "I hope I win because somebody's going to take credit." It took -- it takes a period of time before it kicks in statutorily. And I got it down to $35, which was a very low price, and they took credit for it, which is, you know, now, I'm taking credit because I'm talking to you.

You know this.

Where she just -- I just watched her performance today, so she went out and --

Yeah. She lied about everything. She said this Trump tax, that Trump tax, that Trump tax. He's going to tax this. He's going to tax -- all these different things, and I'm not going to tax them. She made it up.

Look, people in politics, many of them, not all of them, are really liars, but she's really a liar. She made up a series of lots of different taxes that Trump's going to charge you on clothing. He's going to charge you on this or that. And actually, she's the one -- your taxes are going to go up by four times.

And if the Trump tax cuts -- because I got the largest tax cuts ever, but they expire in a number of months pretty soon. She has to be able to do something about it and she's unwilling and incapable. I'll tell you what, if she's -- she's the worst vice president ever. He's the worst president ever, a deadly combination.

And we have a country where the borders are bad, where the world is blowing up. You look at Israel, you look at Ukraine, you look at all the different things that are happening.

She is -- and she has no clue. And you know what I say about her? Why don't you do it? You know, she complains about everything. She's been there for three and a half years. Why don't you do it? All you have to do is say why don't you do it? Why didn't you fix it? You could fix it right now. Don't, you know, do whatever you're doing.

And she won't talk to you, and she won't talk to anybody. She won't be interviewed.

I know. I'm sure she'd be very exciting. Actually, you could make her exciting, probably.

Yeah, I think so.

That's about it.

Yeah, please.

Right.

Sure.

So, the border is -- well, I did it. I did it. We had the best border.

We had the wall built. We had more going to come beyond -- long beyond what I promised. I built hundreds of miles of wall. And it worked. Walls worked, you know, walls and wheels. I say it all the time.

Two things that never get obsolete, wheels and walls.

Absolutely.

It worked.

Wall work. And I was going to do 200 miles of wall. We had it built, and we -- to -- you know, to the specs -- specifications of the Border Patrol. We were going to put it up, and it would take three weeks to put it up. That's an additional 200 miles to fill up certain areas that, you know, when you --

When you make the wall, then all of a sudden, they start coming through other areas. We had it wired, and they wouldn't do it. They wouldn't put it up. And I realized they wanted open borders. Kamala wants open borders. She's going to have open borders. We'll have 50 million, 60 million people because of them.

We have over 20 million people, in my opinion, right now. They came into our country. Many come from prisons, jails, mental institutions, many terrorists. Do you know that other countries now, their crime rate is way down because they're sending all their criminals?

They're sending all of their criminals to us. And who would take this? Why is this a good thing? It's horrible. She should be ashamed. And, you know, she was the border czar, too. He put her in charge.

She was the worst border czar in the history of the world.

She's terrible.

We're going to seal the border, and I had it very well sealed. We had the -- we had the most successful border in the history of our country. We're going to seal the border. We're going to finish up certain areas of the wall because they didn't do it. And we're going to have an unbelievable border. And we're going to spend a lot of time getting the criminals out.

Look, we have murderers in our country.

Well, then you're going to be very unhappy to know that we have a lot of people, hundreds of thousands of murderers. We have -- we have people -- drug dealers, talking about drugs. It's -- it's not even believable that they'll do it. So, what they've done is they've allowed murderers, people in prisons, people in jails, people in mental institutions, insane asylums, and terrorists to pour into our country by the hundreds of thousands.

And they are in our country right now. And the country that brought them out said if you ever come back, we're giving you the death penalty or we're going to kill you.

Well, they have some -- they have some rough people, too. Really rough people.

Well, I -- I had it done.

We had it -- we had the safest border and the best border in the history of our country. And now, it's a disaster.

Well, they invited her and she went to a place that doesn't have a problem, you know. She's a disaster. She's -- she is the worst vice president. It's the worst administration in the history of our country. She's a part of it. And she won't do an interview. She would never do an interview like this. She won't do an interview.

Well, I think you should ask her to come on.

He's a big fan.

Yeah, he is. He's great.

Yeah.

Thank you. It's an honor. And good luck with your situation. You're going to do it. You beat it, right?

You beat it. Good luck with it.

Thank you very much.