Well, thank you very much, Rob.

Well, that's a pretty pathetic group on "The View," I will tell you, but that was an amazing answer. That is a -- that's about as bad an answer as you can come up with. What about the 375,000 children that are missing? Many of them are dead or they're sex slaves, in many different places, but they'll probably never be found again, never -- never be seen by their parents.

Or the inflation that they have, or the border disaster where murderers are being allowed into our country. The all-electric car or vehicle mandate, which is just ridiculous.

All of the things that they've done. We were energy-independent. Now, we're not energy-independent. We're spending a fortune to buy our oil from Venezuela. And, you know, you can go down a list of 25, 30 things --

That are country-destroying. It's just -- it's the dumbest answer, I think, she could have given.

Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, that was --

That was not good.

Well, it's so ridiculous. First of all, the economy is not good. The only thing good is the stock market. And it seems that every time I go up in the polls, that's when the stock market is good. You know, you have some of the number -- the top stock analysts are saying that the reason the stock market is good is they think we're going to be elected.

I'm going to be elected. And interestingly, we are leading very substantially in a lot of these polls. And, you know, I can understand that, but a lot of them are saying that the market is actually terrible for people. The inflation is a disaster. The damage is done. When they say it's going down, it's going down -- it's not going down, it's sort of getting even. But prices haven't come down.

That damage on groceries, on cars, on everything has been done. And we've got to get it down. Oil is too high. Energy is too high. But it's -- we've had probably 50 or 60 percent. They like to say 20 percent. But when you add everything in -- as an example --

Interest rates, from 2 percent to 10 percent. And really, you can't get the money at 10 percent, so it doesn't matter. The damage has been done, and we have to do something to get it down. The economy has been --

Terrible. But what's really been terrible is the inflation.

The pain that inflation has inflicted on this economy is -- is just record-setting terrible.

Well, you don't tax the rich because the rich are going to -- look, the rich pay most of the tax in the country, first of all. You know, people hate to say it. They hate to hear it. But you take a certain very small percentage, and most of the taxes are paid by the rich. But the problem that she has is she's going to the communist method, take all incentive.

And you know what the rich do and the corporations do. They leave the country and they go to another country that's more friendly from a tax standpoint and other standpoints like a regulation standpoint.

Her agenda will bring us in to a 1929-style depression. And it's guaranteed. She has no idea what she's doing. She answers questions like a child, like a first grader would answer. There's something -- there is absolutely something wrong with her. We had four years of it, and we can't have another four years.

Well, he has paid billions of dollars, he's giving money away to illegal aliens, as you would say, or illegal migrants. You can call it whatever you want. The name is the same. The people that come into our country illegally. Many of them are murderers. Many of them are drug dealers and gang members.

The crime rates all over the world are going down because their criminals are being dumped into our country at levels that nobody's ever seen before.

It's an absolute outrage, what they've done to our country at the border and what they've done with respect to inflation and energy and stupid electric car mandates where everybody is going to have an electric car in a short period of time and they don't want all-electric cars. And by the way, electric cars are fine for a certain percentage of the market, but you have -- you have to have gasoline-propelled cars.

You have to have -- I would say hybrids are very good. And new things are coming out.

But it's just ridiculous. These people truly don't know what they're doing.

Yeah.

I thought the interview was really fair. It wasn't, like, killer. The questions actually weren't hard, but she's got no answers on inflation. She's got no answers on immigration. I actually think that immigration may be a more important -- in terms of an election, I think it's more important. I think it's -- the border is a bigger thing than even the inflation, and the inflation is horrendous.

But people don't want to see the -- last week the -- the list of murderers, 13,099 murderers, people incarcerated for murder. Many of them killed more than one person. They are now in our country. We have no idea who they are. They don't even know who they are. But it's over 13,000 of them. The biggest drug dealers, the worst criminals all over the world are being dumped -- not just South America -- are being dumped into our country by hundreds of thousands are in our country, and they're in our country now.

And you look at Springfield, Ohio. You look at Aurora in Colorado, where the governor has no idea what to do. I mean, they're literally taking over cities. And other cities and towns, even if they haven't arrived yet, are just -- I mean, they -- they don't know what is going on. They are so scared. They're so worried.

And I actually think, Rob, that that may be a bigger thing than even the horrible inflation that's, you know, destroying our country.

Absolutely.

That --

That immigration is --

You're right. That immigration is causing us problems and things like -- exactly like things like inflation.

It's driving costs through the roof.

It's all paid for by the government.

So, it's all paid for by the government. So, it's costing us a fortune. It's causing inflation and lots of other problems. And it's so bad to our people.

I mean, look at Springfield, where 30,000 illegal immigrants are dropped, and -- and it was -- they may have done it through a certain little trick, but they are illegal immigrants --

As far as I'm concerned. They're destroying the town. They're destroying the whole -- they'll end up destroying the state.

We cannot let this happen. This is the worst president and vice president in the history of our country, and we cannot let them get away with this stuff. They're destroying our country.

So, I was asked a question, which is very interesting, and they asked me about Biden's statement that he would not hit their nuclear. And I said, "Well, wait a minute, aren't you going to do just the opposite? Don't you hit their nuclear?" He said don't. And if you follow Biden, you could be absolutely the greatest of all time if you followed him and did the opposite when it comes to almost everything, domestic and outside of our country.

His foreign policy is the worst. It's so -- it's been so stated by --

The secretary of state that worked with him and everyone else. I don't want to bore people with that. But it's been the worst. But if you went the exact opposite of everything that he's ever said, even don't go after bin Laden, everything he's done over his entire -- if you went the opposite, you would have been the greatest foreign policy person in the history of our country.

He actually said don't go after their nuclear. Well, that's going to be the problem, their nuclear, because they're going to have nuclear soon, and it's going to be a much different world. We're not going to be able to do that. It's just the opposite of what he said. And I -- and I said that very strongly.

I said you -- you must be kidding when you -- did he really say that because the answer -- the question was put that he made that statement. It was just after he made it.

And I said it's just the opposite.

You have to go just the opposite with Joe. You know, I call him crooked Joe. I call him sleepy Joe. But the fact is this man is terrible. And here's the problem. She's worse than he is. And believe it or not, she's not as smart as he is, which is hard to believe.

Yeah.

Well, I think that Woodward is a real jerk, and I -- I think he's sort of way over.

I mean, I think he -- he is -- last time I spoke to him, which was a long time ago, I think he's sort of out of it, to tell you the truth. I think he is -- is really bad. But I do believe he probably said that about me. I would say that Biden probably did say that at me -- about me. Look, I wish -- if I didn't have the debate with him --

He would, right now, be running against me. He had a very bad debate.

And people saw things that they didn't see. But to be honest with you, I actually think he would have done better. Let's see what happens. We're going to have to see.

We're getting close, 28 days. But I actually think he might have been better than her. She's really crashing now. And every time she does an interview, it's a disaster. But it's not like they made a mistake or it's a little judgment. It's like she's not a smart person.

And, you know, I'll tell you something. The fake news hates when I say it. President Xi is very smart. All of these people you deal with are at the top of their games, and we can't have somebody that's not a very, very smart person.

She is not a smart person. And we'll see how it all comes out.

But you're seeing the polls.

They want to have somebody -- you know, we had -- four years ago, we had energy independence. We were respected all over the world. We didn't have any wars. We had low taxes. I cut the taxes more than any president in history. Regulations, I cut more than any president in history. I mean, we had greatness.

Now, we -- we're laughed at all over the world --

And we're being led by -- by stupid people.

I think she'll be worse. Absolutely.

I do. I believe she'll be worse.

That's wrong. That's absolutely wrong. Look, I know Bob Woodward. You know I'm suing him --

Because he used tapes, and he sold the tapes. He didn't just sell the book. He sold the tapes. He's not allowed to do it. He even says in the tape that he's not allowed to do it, and he sold the tapes. And I just think he's the bad guy, so I thought I'd have fun with it. I think he's a very bad guy. But he's got a tremendous liability on this.

But he is -- he has lost it. He is -- I call him a storyteller. And he gets up, and, you know, the interview is nice and pompous. But I think he's totally lost it. No, that's a -- that's a false story.

Well, I heard about that. Wisconsin, they say, is tough, but I won it one time, and I think I did even better the second time. We didn't get the decision. But I will tell you, I was -- I think I did a lot better. A lot of bad things happened. I'm going to California. We have a really big one coming up in California and only because if we had honest voting, I believe I'd win California.

I think I'd win a lot of states that we don't win. We have to straighten out our elections, and we have to straighten out a lot of things in our country. But we have to have borders and elections to start. And we have bad borders. I built hundreds of miles of wall, and I would have built another 200 miles, far more than I said I was going to build, and it worked.

And then I got the Mexican government to give us their military free of charge by doing certain things.

It's free of charge. We had the best border in the history of our country four years ago. And now, we have the worst border in the history of the world. No country has ever had a border like this.

And I actually think -- as I said, I really believe that the border may be a bigger issue for people. For voting people --

For people that go and vote, I think they don't want to have murderers coming into our country --

And murdering our people. I think that's actually more important than inflation, which is also a very bad thing.

Well, thank you. We had a great time in Butler. We had over 100,000 people.

It was the most unbelievable evening, in honor of a great gentleman, Corey, a great gentleman.

And it was something, and I'm sure you saw it. And --

You are doing a fantastic job, Rob. Thank you very much.

Take care.