Well, it's good to be with you, Corey, a man I know well.

I think I've been preparing for it for my whole life, if you want to know the truth. And I'm not sure you can lock yourself into a room for two weeks or one week or two days and really learn what you have to know. And I've been through it. I've been, you know, a popular president. We had some great elections and some amazing, you know, number of votes.

Nobody got more than we got. And, you know, I know the subject. Now, you know, they may get cute because it's obviously at CNN. And I call it fake news for a long time. We'll see how they do it. I think they have a lot at stake to be fair. I think they have to be fair. But we'll see how we do. I think we'll do very well.

We've -- we've done well in the past, and I think we'll do very well. I know the subject matter. But I don't think, Corey, you can just lock yourself in a room like some people do and think you're going to come out OK. It doesn't seem to work that way.

Well, if I have to practice standing, we have ourselves a big problem. Now, I had heard that, too. He's practicing how to stand or something standing. And now, look. Let's see what happens. I hope everybody does well. I hope we all come out as a nation. But our nation is in trouble. We've never been in trouble like this.

We've never been so embarrassed as this. And we have to change presidents. He's the worst president in history, and we have to -- we have to get change. When you have millions and millions of people pouring in from other parts of the world, not just South America, all over the world they're coming from -- and they're coming from prisons and mental institutions.

You have all of this happening, and you have massive numbers of terrorists, this is not going to end well. This is not -- what they've done and what they've unleashed, the Democrats, Biden, whoever's running government for him, because I don't think he's running it, but whoever's running government, what they've done to this country, will never be forgiven.

Well, I think partial is very unfair because there are things we have to say, especially in my case. I'm going into a debate, and I'm going to have to talk about a gag order. What does partial mean? It's not fair. It's not fair. We've had a gag order long after the trial. The trial was ridiculous. Every legal scholar said it should have never been brought.

The whole thing is ridiculous. And now, they lift just a piece of the gag order, not all of it. No, the gag order has to be lifted in its entirety.

Well, I could take any one of these people. They're great. We have a great bench. And even beyond that, we have a great bench. And we'll make a decision fairly soon. And I think people will be very happy with this decision, Corey.

Well, they should be afraid. I mean, we're up in every poll. We're leading by a lot. We have criminals pouring into our country. I mean, everything is bad for our country. Nothing is good. He's done nothing good, not one thing. If you said, what has he done well, there's not one thing you could name, not one thing.

Everything is bad. And so, they should feel very badly. And I will say this. The polls have been amazing. Rasmussen, which is highly respected, just said we're up 10 points, and others also that we're way up. So -- but we have to keep it there. It's an eternity. It seems like five months, and now, it's really less than that because it starts on September 6th. And that would be in North Carolina.

And then you're talking about Pennsylvania, September 22nd. So, it really is right around the corner, right around the corner. We just cannot allow these people to stay in our -- as our governors because they have done such a bad job. There's never been anything like it. The whole world is laughing at our country.

I don't think he has -- but I'd like him to. I wouldn't -- I wouldn't mind. I don't think he has the polling numbers to get there. He's a very liberal guy, and conservatives have to understand how liberal he is. He's as liberal as you get, but I don't think he's got the numbers to do it. He's got to show that -- first of all, he needs 15%. He's not even close.

I see numbers from 5% to 7%, 8%. He's doing very poorly, actually, and seems to be fading fast.

We close the border. We built 571 miles of wall. We were going to add 200 miles. We had areas that we had to close. We needed to leave them open for access for trucks and other things. But we have areas that we had to close. It would have been all done and completed in literally three weeks. They decided not to do it. Not only that.

A very expensive-designed wall as per the specs of Border Patrol and ICE. We have to close the border immediately and let people into our country, but they have to come in legally.

Immediately. And he could to. All he has to do is say, close the borders. I did it. I had no problem with that. Now, the funding was hard, but I took it out of the military. I said this is an invasion. So, I got the wall built with -- with funds from the military. I said, literally, this is an invasion of our country, which is what it is. But we lose hundreds of -- think of it. Hundreds of thousands of people are dying at our border, coming through our border every year because of our border.

And this is an invasion into our country. And that's how I got the money.

So, what you have to do with that is you cannot pay. We gave -- we paid, as you know, twice this year, $6 billion for five and five, five hostages and five hostages. We paid $6 billion. When you do that -- and I paid nothing for the hostages we had, nothing. When you start paying for hostages, a lot of people are going to start disappearing.

So, you can't do that. No. The big thing is they have to respect us. If they respect us like they did when I was president -- we were totally respected. If they respect us, Corey, we will not be paying anything. I got 58 or 59 people out, and I never paid. You don't have to pay. And once you do pay, all of a sudden, they start making it a business.

We can't -- you cannot pay for this.

No. They have no leadership. We have no leadership. We're laughed at all over the world. Israel would have never happened. Ukraine being attacked by Russia would have never happened. Inflation would have never happened. That horrible -- the way we got out, not getting out. It was good to get out, but we were going to be out faster than him.

You know, if the election weren't rigged, we would have been out faster than him. But, Corey, so simple. We're not respected anywhere in the world anymore because of this leadership. We have the worst president in history. We're not respected. Once we're respected, we'll be able to do anything we want.

Well, it's Hamas, it's Hezbollah, it's 28 different cells of terror, they call them. And again, Iran was busted. They had no money when I was president. Now, they have a lot of money, $250 billion. So, it's different. But you handle situations as you handle them. You got to be respected. Throughout all the world, you have to be respected.

I hate to use the word feared, but that's not so bad either. And once we get it going and once we're in power -- and we have to be because we're not going to have a country. If we don't win this election November 5th, if we don't win this election, we won't have a country left, Corey. We're not going to have a country, and you know that better than anybody.

We are laughed at. They think we're fools. They can't believe that Biden is the president. And we're going to turn that around. We're going to turn it around very fast.

Thank you very much. A great honor. Thank you.