Well, it's thousands of people in a beautiful place and you had a lot of thousands of people outside, so we'll do a combination of both. This was really on the economy, largely, and crime. But we enjoyed it. They enjoyed it. It's very important.

Well, we -- there will be -- per year, they'll be saving many thousands of dollars. We're going to bring energy prices down to a level that they haven't seen since me, since four or five years ago. We were energy-independent. We were going to soon be energy-dominant. We'll have energy prices down. I believe we'll have them cut by 50 percent and even more.

And that's going to bring everything else down, automatically bring everything else down. They destroyed this country with their energy policies. That's what originally created inflation, and then it just took over with groceries and everything else. It just became a horrible hornet's nest. But we'll be bringing energy down by 50, 60 percent.

That's a lot. And I think with the year, maybe a year and a half at the most.

Well, they'll be paying three and four times more taxes if they do. I got the largest tax cut that has been given, bigger than Reagan, bigger than anybody, and it expires fairly shortly into the next administration. If they cut that, if they don't do anything with it, if they don't extend it or do something with it, the people of North Carolina will pay four times more tax than they're paying right now.

And I would say, politically, that would be a death bell for them. But, you know, they're -- they've done a horrible job. I don't think they understand what's happening. She's a radical left person from San -- San Francisco. She's ruined San Francisco. She's ruined -- as the attorney general, she really had a lot to do with the ruination of California.

You see what's going on. Gavin New-scum, the governor, is a disaster, but she -- I think she was maybe even more of a factor in hurting it. You take a look at San Francisco. Fifteen years ago, it was one of the best cities in the world. And today, it's -- it's barely livable. And we're not going to let that happen to North Carolina.

We're not going to let that happen to the rest of the country. We just won't let it happen.

Well, there's no such thing as her going out and doing that. What you want to do is create the incentives so that people can't cheat, they can't price gouge. And the way you do that is drill for oil and get everything down. And all of a sudden, people can't do that. They can now because there's such a scarcity of everything, you can price gouge.

But when there is an abundance of everything, from food to oil and gas, from energy of every kind, there'll be no price gouging. There won't be because there won't be any way they could get any money for it.

Well, it seems to be the economy, if you look at polls, but I also think it's the border, it's millions and millions of people coming into our country from prisons and jails, from mental institutions and even insane asylums where they're closing up all over the world, not just in -- not just South America.

Sadly, it's all over the world. This is coming in from Africa, from Asia, from the Middle East. And also, you have large numbers of terrorists coming in like we've never seen. We have more terrorists coming into our country now than we've ever had ever in history, and this is a bad thing. We have thousands of terrorists coming into our country, some really bad ones, and this is not a good thing.

This is -- they're going to have to get out. We're taking them out. We're deporting every one of them. We have to. We're taking out the criminals. Again, they come in from jails, and they come in from mental institutions. And if you look at the countries from where they come, their crime rate is way down.

And we're looking -- I mean, I'm looking at our cities. Migrant crime is through the roof, and it's violent crime, with the knives and the guns. It's violent crime. And it's going to happen here, too. It's going to happen everywhere.

Well, we want a lot of people to come in, we just want them to come in through a legal system. We want to make sure they're not murderers, they're not, you know, drug dealers. And all of the people that are pouring in right now -- a big percentage of the people that are coming in right now are major criminals coming out of jail.

You know, they're not letting their best people come in. They're taking people out of jails. They're emptying their jails into our country. They're emptying all of this into our country. When you look at Venezuela, where their crime is down 72 percent. It was Caracas, all these cities where you couldn't walk across the street.

And now, they're becoming actually safe cities. And they're not finished. They're getting all of their people from jails, they're dumping them into our country. So, I want -- and I fully understand your question. I want people to come in, but they have to be checked. They have to be vetted. We have to make sure they're going to love our country.

Well, we won it pretty well and pretty easily. Twice we won. If you look at the primaries, we won them very easily, too. Sometimes, you have a lot of people running, a lot of people in there, but we won them quite easily. I think I'm helped by Lara, Lara Trump, who's, as you know, born here, named her child Carolina.

So, you know, Carolina is a very cute child, named after a certain place that we happen to be in right now. So, I -- I just think that we're going to do very well. I think I am helped by somebody that is a fantastic mother and wife to my son Eric, and I think that gives me a big advantage. But they like me. They like my policies.

They want to remain solvent. I mean, you know, we're a country, right now, with us, of common sense. We can be conservative. We are conservative, all of that. But we're really -- more than anything else, we want to be and we're the party of common sense. We want a wall, we want low taxes, we want a strong military.

We want great things, and they don't have them anymore. What they're doing is unbelievable. They're destroying our country. And just like California has been destroyed -- just look at California. People are leaving California. They're moving out of California. Just like San Francisco, where she was, is just absolutely a disaster.

We're not going to let them do that to our country. We're a party of common sense.

Well, it was a terrible thing. It was amazing. God was watching over me because it was a miracle. If I didn't turn a certain way at a certain time, it was, you know, no chance. And it's very much a miracle. For those that don't believe in God, I think you'll start believing in God when you see that. A lot of people have actually felt that.

It was a very terrible day. A lot was learned. We lost a great person in Corey. We have two other people that were very badly hurt, weren't really expected to live, and -- and they are living and they're going to be OK. They're going to be fine or pretty fine, I think, in one case, and absolutely fine in the other.

But it was a -- it was a terrible day. It was -- to me, it was just a terrible moment. Obviously, from my standpoint, it was a -- it was a very dangerous moment. But the way the crowd came together -- you know, when bullets are shot in a stadium -- we had tremendous, thousands and thousands of people there.

You saw the people in the back, but there were thousands of people, and nobody ran. They say when a bullet goes off in a stadium atmosphere, everybody stampedes. They call it stampedes. And the bullets went off, a lot of them, eight of them went off, and then you had the sniper -- our -- you know, our Secret Service sniper, with one bullet, found him and shot him.

There was a lot of bravery displayed. A lot of things happened, but they also -- they're going to have to learn something. They're going -- and I'm sure they have. But it was a -- it was an interesting moment. It was a terrible moment, I think, for our country. But in another way, we learned a lot. We learned a lot.

It was a -- I think you learned a lot about God, if you want to know the truth. I really believe that because it was an instant of a second that it had to be -- out of all this time, all the time that we're talking about, the one moment where I was in a certain position was just a fraction of a second. So, I look up, I say, "Thank you, God."

Thank you very much.