It was right at the beginning and we started the rallies and we noticed there were certain groups of people that were just in love with what I was saying, but really in love with the country, and they were just incredible people, tremendous spirit, tremendous everything. And then I said, "Weren't that group --" This was early on because we've done many rallies, and they've been getting bigger and bigger.

And I said, "Weren't they here last week? Weren't they here last week? Weren't they here last week?" And all of a sudden, you began to realize that literally every rally -- I think, every rally, they attend and they have a lot of fun. But I think more than anything else, they love the country.

Well, we have a lot of people that do come to a lot of rallies. We have a group of women that are unbelievable, women from North Carolina, and they have gone to, I think, 97 rallies. And in this case, they're very well to do. They're very -- everything is like -- they're always so beautifully groomed. You take a look at the way they are, the dresses, everything, and you notice them right away, and they go to so many different rallies.

They're incredible people. And the front-row joes are, you know, in a certain way, I guess, they're very successful people because it's not easy to do this, right?

You travel all over the place. But they're fantastic people. They have incredible spirit. We love them. We take care of them. We help them get in the front row, frankly. You know, when they -- after about the 20th rally, we said, you know, "Why should they be waiting all the time?" But we actually said, "You could come a little bit later." They like to get there three, four days early.

They'll pitch a tent, they'll wait, they'll listen to the great music, and it becomes an event. It becomes a little like before a football game, you know, what goes on --

Before the football games.

So, it's really been something.

Because they're special and because they love our country beyond all else. I think they really like me a lot, but I think they see that I'm the one that can fix it. And I did fix it. You know better than anybody. We're the greatest economy in history. We had the strongest border we've ever had. We had the lowest drug rate, drugs coming in in 32 years.

Think of it. And now, it's 10 times higher than it was just two years ago. And people are flooding our country from mental institutions, from prisons. They're dumping everybody into the U.S. And they see all of this, and other people do, too. I really believe that even though the fake news media, which is pretty prevalent, but even though the fake news media doesn't talk about it too much -- they didn't like to talk about the Afghanistan disaster.

After one or two days, you never heard anything about it. The most embarrassing day in the history of our country. They don't talk about the border. You watch CBS Evening fake news, you watch NBC fake news, you watch ABC, you watch all of these networks, not only just CNN and MSDNC, you take a look at these networks, they rarely talk about things that are really the most important things like the border, like election fraud, like voter ID, like so many other things that you have to talk about.

And the front-row joes get it and they see it and they do talk about it. You know, they're all over the internet. I don't know if you've ever seen, but they are over the internet more than anything you've ever seen. And Truth Social has become a very important factor. I think this is the place where everybody wants to be. If you look at what's happened to the competitors, they're gone now, pretty much gone.

In fact, many of them are coming to work for us, and it's been beautiful. And Twitter is way down. So, I think Truth Social is the hot one. That's the place people want to be.

Well, somebody explained it. When there is a certain something that's great or that they want to hear -- you know, you have people that follow the rock bands and they listen to the same songs over and over and over, and they like them more five years later than they did before. You have people that go to the Mona Lisa.

They want -- they love the Mona Lisa, and they'll see it hundreds and hundreds of times, and it gets better every time. A Broadway play where they'll see it 20 times. I mean, it's sort of an interesting thing. And it's basically the same 20 subjects that you're talking about. You know, if you're really talking, you're talking about the border, you're talking about the military, you're talking about low taxes.

You're talking about, you know, certain things. I can't just make new things up because I want to make a speech different. I can tell them in different ways, and I do sometimes do that, a lot of times, but they just want to hear it again and again. And they put it out. They put it out like, really, nobody can put it out.

But it's really been amazing. Nobody knew that rallies were going to be that. You were with me very early, Sean. I appreciate it. You did a fantastic job from day one. They like to beat you up as much as possible, but that didn't work out too well. Look, you even came out very well in the dance contest. And I wouldn't say that you were Fred Astaire, OK, to be honest with you.

That was -- you had a lot of support beyond the dancers, right, beyond dancing. But when you look at what's happened with these rallies, they're massive. There's -- I mean, just we had 68,000 people in Alabama. We had 88,000 people in Texas. I mean, these are massive rallies. There's never been anything like it. Actually, there's never been any, I don't think, in any country, let alone but in this country.

If Ronald Reagan, who was excellent and a good guy, if he went out to do a rally, if they had 400 or 500 people in a ballroom of a hotel, that would be a nice crowd. And we're having 40,000, 50,000, 60,000, 70,000, and more people. Butler, Pennsylvania, 55,000 people. Any place I go. In Florida, thousands of people, beyond what the venue can hold.

I mean, they have to cut them off. We have to take some ads, "Please do not come." We're actually advertising for people not to come. So, there's never been anything like it. And the spirit is amazing. And as far as me, I find -- I have friends that say, "How do you do that? How do you speak to so many people?" There's -- it's very interesting.

There's so much love in those arenas or those areas or, in many cases, airports because we fly in with the plane and we do it right in the airport, and it holds a lot of people. You have unlimited parking and you have -- you know, 45,000, 50,000 people can stand there because you have so much room. So, it really works out.

And the plane is the backdrop, oftentimes, whether it's Air Force One or my plane. And it's quite an amazing thing, but there has never been anything like it. Bernie Sanders used to have 2,000 or 3,000 people. Everybody would talk about, "Oh, these rallies are so great, so great." And they never turned the cameras on the crowd.

You know, they never do. I always talk about it. Why -- why don't they turn the cameras? And I used to think it was the equipment, you know, metal steel holding and you can't turn it. And then I realized about three rallies in where they had a fight in the back of a rally, which very rarely happens, but anything bad and, all of a sudden, they're turning it like a pretzel.

It's like a pretzel, the way that steel was able to be turned and they have -- you know, right on the two people that were having a problem or something. And I realized they could do it and they don't want to do it. Fox doesn't want to do it. They never want to show the crowd. And, you know, it's exciting to show the big crowds.

You guys show the crowds as much as you can, but it's exciting, and I never understood why aren't they showing the crowds. They should be showing the crowds. But there's never been crowds like this. It's been incredible.

Well, I think it is grown. I mean, I think we had the largest number of votes in the history of the presidency for a sitting president. We had 75 million votes. Nobody's ever had anything near that. The first time, I had 63 million. I was told that if I get 63 million, we win easily, that there's no way.

John McLaughlin told me. A lot of people told me that. But when they rig it or cheat, you know, there's not a lot you're going to do about that other than you have to stop it. And now, we have to stop it the second time. Nobody thought a thing like that could ever happen. You know, we like to think of our country as not being a third-world country, but we are, in many ways, a third-world country when you look at our airports, where flights are being delayed for days, where people are pitching tents in an airport because their flight is so -- you know, it's never going to even happen.

We've never had problems like this. What you're seeing in the last two years, we've never seen anything like it. And we've become like -- you know, we are a failing nation. We've become a third-world nation in many ways. Our elections are third-world, in my opinion. Our airports are being run so badly. It's so badly, it's not even conceivable.

People go -- the other night, I had somebody going to the airport, and they called up two days later to tell me that they've never gotten out. I said, But where are you?" "Still at the airport." And it was like two days before. And this is common now, and it shouldn't be happening.

Well, the interesting part is -- it's a great question, but the interesting part is that I did much better in 2020. We got many more votes. And if somebody would have said, "He was going to get 75 million approximately votes --" and it could have been much more than that because nobody really knows because when you look at these ballots, nobody knows what's going on. But when you look at even by their numbers, if you looked at 75 million votes, you said, "You did so incredibly." I remember somebody at the New York Times said, "What was the difference?" You know, like there was -- I said, "Well, the difference is we did much better the second time," which is true.

We got many more votes. It's very simple. We got many more votes, millions and millions of more votes. I think the big thing we have to do is stop the cheating. We have to stop the fraud, stop the cheating, what's going on. When you saw what happened with the FBI and Twitter the other day, very -- two weeks ago, where Twitter wouldn't put out truth, they wouldn't put out fact, they wouldn't put out corruption.

They wouldn't do it. They just wouldn't do it. And McLaughlin and pollsters say -- I guess I heard the number 17%. It made a 17-point difference by having that happen. That's fraud. That's voter fraud. That's no different, I think, than stuffing the ballot boxes.

That's so incredible. I saw them here, actually, on Super Bowl Sunday. I saw them. They were all over. I mean, they're -- and sometimes, if I can, if I know they're there, we'll send them drinks, not alcohol. They probably would have enough.

It's become a movement, the likes of which almost no country has ever seen. But certainly, this country has never seen anything like it.

Well, they're great people and they have fun doing it because they have fun sticking up for the country. They don't want to see their cities burn down. They don't want to see antifa and BLM and all of this that takes place. And then the patriots, they go after the patriots. They go after people that love our country.

I mean, to a large, large extent, they are treated so unfairly. Now, these are amazing men and women, and our country is -- is, in many ways, protected by people like this.

Yeah. You know, if you -- you might want to leave that, the way you have this -- the way you had that dialogue.

You had that beautiful voice coming from the background. And you -- even you talking back, do you ever do that? Do you ever leave that?

You may look at it. I mean, you may look at it. It's very nice, actually, I thought. I don't know.

No, no, it's -- it's very interesting.

Wow.

So, I have friends that are very, very successful people, and they can't believe that I can get up -- in some ways, oftentimes get up on a stage and many times a week, you know, when we get it rolling. Look, just before the election, I was doing five and six a day. And these are big rallies. These are massive rallies.

They can't believe I could do it. They say, "How do you do that?" Some of them have stage fright. One told me he has stage fright. I said, "You shouldn't be a politician. I don't have to worry about you as a politician." But they actually asked me, and I said, "It's a strange thing. You get up there. There's so much love in that arena or that airport or wherever we're doing these big rallies." I mean, we went to Arizona.

We went to a few of them in a row. I was saying, "The love is so incredible, it's really easy to do." It doesn't make sense, but it's -- there's such love out there. Every word you say, they're cheering and they're -- they just want what's good for the country. And it's easy to do. And I understand, I have friends, they say, "If I had to do that, I wouldn't sleep for six months." If -- somebody told me -- and don't forget, that's the rally.

But then you have all the television and all the coverage. And you also know that if you make one slight mistake, just a mispronunciation of a word, it's going to be headline because they'll talk about that, but they won't talk about Afghanistan and the most embarrassing day in the history of our country, you know, so -- so much.

But it's -- it's really an honor to do. It never happened in this country before. I said before, they talked about Bernie Sanders with 2,000 people, "What a big crowd. What a big crowd." We get 88,000 people, 55,000. We get crowds like nobody's ever gotten before and they don't want to talk about it. You know, they -- they just don't want to talk about it. So, it's -- it's a great honor.

I will tell you, It's a great honor. And it's an honor to be seeing you do so well because you were there right at the beginning.

Thank you very much.