Well, I have the best poll numbers I've ever had. So, that feels good. It's always nice. We won all seven swing states in addition, and we got the popular vote by millions of votes. But now, I have a much higher poll numbers than even the elections. I've never -- I've never had such wonderful numbers. People have always said, "Well, I don't know.

Is he doing good or don't we know or whatever -- " But I guess people did feel we did a great job in term one, and that's how we won. But right now, I just got -- I just got the best poll numbers I've ever had beating everybody. So, that's nice. That's always nice, Brian.

Well, I speak to him, and he's certainly -- he's actually not torn. I mean, you know where he stands, and he would like to go in. He just is so angry, and he should be. If he's not angry, then there'd be something wrong with him, frankly. He is very angry. He's a very angry man at what happened, especially what happened yesterday with these kids.

These were -- they were -- they were babies, and it's rough stuff. It's rough stuff. And it looked like they were celebrating as they were bringing the bodies back. And you know it's -- the seed is not even believable, Brian, when you see what's happening. It's sort of not even believable. It would -- it's so barbaric.

You wouldn't think that could happen in a modern age, but it happened.

I am. I really am. It's a -- you know, when you see what's happening here, it's a hard thing to say. You just wonder the condition of the hostages that they have. One group came in so bad, it looked like it was concentration camp in -- in Germany. This was a terrible, terrible thing when I looked. And then, the other day, a group came in which was not as bad -- actually, not really close -- closely as bad, but I think, really, a lot of the people they have are in such bad shape.

They're so violent and vicious. I think a lot of people, if you -- if you look, I think they're in really bad shape.

I really do. I think they're trying to give the best ones first. And if the best ones are the ones I'm seeing, they're in really bad shape. And sometimes, you have to make a decision. You know, it's -- it's a decision that has to be made. It's a rough decision. But the scene yesterday was really terrible because you're talking about babies.

And who would do this?

This is really -- this is really a low level. There's no scenario where there's a two-state solution anymore. I know, Mike Waltz, your national security adviser, says there's no way Hamas is in charge there. So, there seems a -- it seems like we're the ultimate impasse. Your idea of taking over Gaza, making it more international, well, wasn't necessarily well received by Jordan or Egypt.

So, what's next? Do you know? Well, we paid Jordan and Egypt a lot -- billions of dollars a year, and I was a little surprised they'd say that, but they did. And I'll tell you the way to do it is my plan. I think that's the plan that really works.

But I'm not forcing it. I'm just going to sit back and recommend it. And then the U.S. would own the site. It'd be owned -- no Hamas, and there'd be development. And you'd start all over again with a clean plate.

Another way of doing it -- but I don't think it would work -- would be to do it with people there. But I just don't see that working. I mean, it's been -- it's been so many years, so many decades of -- of killing on that site. That is one dangerous place. And Hamas would be there, I guess, depending on what happens over the next little while.

But the question is, can you wipe them all out? You know, they're so interspersed among people, and it's certainly not an easy thing to do.

But I like my plan. I thought my plan was good. You get them out. You move them. You build a beautiful community and a permanent community. And you then take the site, the Gaza Strip, you take Gaza, and you -- it's really essentially leveled now. You don't have too much to do other than, you know, remove debris.

It's really that -- that place is not livable.

And if you gave the people a choice between that and living in a nice community, I think I know where they'd go. But we'll see what happens. I thought it was -- I thought it was great because the location is -- you know, it's a great location. I don't know why Israel ever gave that up. Why did they give it up? I guess they look at us and say, "Why did you give up the Panama Canal," Brian?

Right?

I don't know. I can't believe it. You look out on a map, they have the whole ocean. And somebody from Israel, I guess -- you know I can't tell you who, but he was well known. But he decided to give it up.

It's one of -- it's one of the -- it's one of the bad real estate deals. I see a lot of bad real estate deals. That's one of them right there.

I've been watching this man for years now as his cities get demolished, as his people get killed, as the soldiers get decimated where you have old -- you have old men and young men. You have men that are too old to fight, and men that are too young to fight.

I've been watching this for years, and it's a war that shouldn't have started. I know because I was there and I had it -- it didn't start. Would have never started. If -- if I won the election, which I did, it's a war that never ever would have started.

So, I've been watching for years, and I've been watching him negotiate with no cards. He has no cards. And you get sick of it. And you just get sick of it, and I've had it. And he then made a deal with us for rare earth and things. And who knows what rare earth it's worth? You know, but at least it's something, and who knows what it's worth?

Who knows if they even have it. But we made a deal with rare earth. And secretary of Treasury, a very good guy, actually went there, and they couldn't even come close to getting a deal done. And frankly, I wish he didn't go there, waste all of his time like that. But they couldn't get close. They met.

And then when he wanted to get it closed, he was unable to meet him again. But -- so, it was just a wasted trip, a dangerous trip, too. I didn't like it that he was doing it because, you know, he's a good man. I didn't want him to be -- put himself under danger because I had a feeling something like that would happen.

But look what you have. You have a man who's led a country that had the most beautiful cities. They're demolished. Had the most beautiful domes. Those domes are the most beautiful in the world of all that type of architecture.

They're all demolished, the thousand-year-old domes. And everything's demolished. I mean, it's like a demolition site. The whole -- it's sort of like Gaza. In fact, it's more -- at least Gaza has a couple of buildings standing. I mean, this place, you take a look at the demolition of so many of those cities and -- and all those people that are killed, never to come back again.

And I get tired of listening to it. I'll tell you what. I've seen it enough. And then he complains that he's not at a meeting that we're having with Saudi Arabia trying to intermediate a piece. Well, he's been at meetings for three years with a very -- with a president who didn't know what the hell he was doing.

He's been in the meetings for three years, and nothing got done. So, I don't think he's very important to be at meetings, to be honest with you. He's been there for three years. He makes it very hard to make deals. But look, what's happened to his country, it's been demolished.

He's going to go back.

If and when there's peace, Brian.

They only want to talk because of me. If I wasn't involved, they wouldn't be talking to each other.

And Russia would continue to, you know, go through Ukraine because they are going through, Brian. They've taken a lot of land, and Russia would continue the march through Ukraine. If it wasn't for me, they wouldn't be talking at all. I'm the only reason they're talking.

But they didn't do anything either. The war is going on, no meetings with Russia, no nothing.

You know, they haven't done anything. And if -- you know, Macron is a friend of mine. And I've met with the prime minister, and, you know, he's a very nice guy. But nobody's done anything, and I've been watching this go on for years. And I'm doing it for one reason. I hate the killing. I hate to see those young people killed.

They're not Americans. They're Russians and Ukrainians. I hate to see the killings.

Look, Russia -- and who is the Polish -- are you talking about Duda?

Was it Duda that put it out?

Because you have different leaders in Poland. It's very interesting. But no, look, are you ready? Russia did not attack during my administration, but I will say he hates Zelenskyy. He hates him with a tremendous passion. You're lucky you don't hate people, Brian. You don't hate anybody. You've never --

You've never been a hater.

Yeah, of course. I'm not playing games, I don't accept or not accept calls. Of course, I'll take a call from him, but he's been negotiating for three years. And just so you know, when you say Russia was the attacker, yes --

Russia was attacked, and Russia attacked. But there was no reason for them to attack. You could have talked him out. You -- there was no reason that he should have attacked. That whole thing was -- was going on for years. There was no reason he was going in. It should have never happened. That war should have never happened.

And I'm telling you, the way they talked, I said, you know, these guys are going to go into a war. It's -- this is a -- you know, every time I say, "Oh, it's not Russia's fault," I always get slammed by the fake news. But I'm telling you, Biden said the wrong things. Zelenskyy said the wrong things. They got attacked by somebody that's much bigger and much stronger, which is a bad thing to do. And you don't do that.

But Russia could have been talked out of that so easily. That should never have been a war. And all those dead people shouldn't be dead, and all those cities shouldn't be demolished right now. So, when Zelenskyy said he wasn't invited to a meeting, I mean, it wasn't a priority because he did such a bad job in negotiating so far.

Number one, you shouldn't have had a war. And if you did, it should have been solved and settled immediately. It could have been. This war could've been settled three years ago.

No, because if I got out, they -- I think they really want to make a deal. I do. They -- they found it impossible to make a deal with Zelenskyy as his buildings came down. You know, the buildings came down all over. They were just raining -- raining down. You got nothing. You know, take a look at what he's going to -- let's assume I make a deal.

I'm getting him back many demolished cities and the bodies of many dead people. What kind of a deal is that? What kind of a -- what kind of a situation is that? There was no reason for that.

Now, Russia attacked, but they shouldn't have let them attack because they wouldn't have attacked if they -- if you had people that knew what they were doing. Joe Biden is a very dumb man. You know that, and I know it. Joe Biden is a very dumb man who was dumber than ever before because, you know, things have happened to him.

He had no idea what he was doing, and everything he said was wrong. And I said, you know what? I think this guy is going to cause a -- I think he's going to cause a war.

And that's what happened. And I will tell you, Putin could have been talked out of that so easy, but they didn't know how to talk.

He would've been talked out that war so easy, but they didn't know how to talk.

They said all the wrong things, and I'm -- I'm not trying to make Putin like nicer or better. I'm just telling you the fact. That war should have never happened. Putin would have never gone in.

He wants to make a deal.

And he doesn't have to make a deal because if he wanted, he'd get the whole country eventually.

I believe I could, yes. I didn't know too much about it. I was hearing about it yesterday. It's pretty tough stuff, but I believe I could do that. Yes.

Well, congestion pricing was very bad for New York.

And it was going to kill Manhattan in certain parts of New York. Ultimately, when Manhattan goes, the whole state goes. Manhattan is not doing well to start off with. And all you're doing with congestion pricing is saying, don't go in, and it's like $15 a day.

And if you're a shoe salesman or if you're a waiter or if you're the owner of a restaurant or the owner of just about any business, it's a disaster. It's been a disaster every place it's been used. And it is an -- you know, they call me for help, and yet, nobody's treated me worse than they have in Manhattan.

They have a rigged court system that no -- they treated me worse than anybody. There's never been treatment like I've been treated. And that's the way they treat people. They go after people. And, you know, people think that, oh, I should come and help. I view it and I say, what a -- what a shame. But despite that and despite the way I got -- I get treated, I do help.

I helped New York tremendously. And everybody says I shouldn't even bother with New York the way they -- the way they are.

It's a -- it's a really vicious place from a legal standpoint from a weaponization -- it's totally weaponized. The courts are weaponized, and they're horrible.

And I had the best cases, nobody could even believe. Every single one of the pundits, from McCarthy to Turley to Gregg Jarrett to Dershowitz, said they had no case against me whatsoever. It shouldn't be brought.

And you can't win in New York. You get these judges that you can't win. The whole thing is a rigged, horrible system, and it's crooked and corrupt.

And they put this congestion pricing on, and it would have destroyed the city even further. You would have had you would have had no business left in Manhattan. Numbers were way down. They need business. They need people to go in. They -- basically, it's like putting up a wall. People weren't going to go in. Everybody was going to lose their jobs.

Really, it's a very, very sinister place. What's taking place in New York over the last eight years or so, it's a very, very sinister place.

With de Blasio a little bit, but it's gone on and on and on. And it just gets worse and worse, nastier and nastier. And they got to do something about the court system in New York. It is a rigged system. It's a horrible system.

I had three judges. They were totally dishonest judges. They were the most dishonest judges. Look, I've been around. I've been to many courts. And I will tell you, these are the most dishonest group of judges I've ever had. I've never seen anything like it.

It's a very corrupt place. And now, on top of everything, what they want to do -- and people are leaving, businesses are leaving in record numbers. And people are leaving. And I'll tell you, Brian, it's really a shame to see such a great place go so bad.

And now, they put this horrible payment that you have to have for the privilege of going to a place that's not doing very well. It's a loser. And I give my -- I give my secretary a great -- literally, a great applause for what he did.

Well, it takes a period of six months to a year. Biden really screwed up our country. He really screwed it up badly. If you look at the deficits we have with other countries that should have been taken care of, Brian, we have a deficit with China of over $1 trillion, a trillion. And so, it takes a period of time, and we're going to have a very strong country.

It's going to take a little while to get it back, just like inflation. You know, I gave him almost no inflation 1.2%, which is perfect. And it went up to 9.9%, went to -- I think the worst inflation in the history of our country. But I gave him no inflation, a powerful, great economy. And he screwed it up with two ways.

He spent too much, and Mitch McConnell shouldn't have approved all that stuff. Mitch McConnell did a very poor job. Very, very poor job.

He shouldn't have approved a lot of this stuff. He approved it. It was like -- I said, "What does he have on Mitch McConnell?" It's just so sad to see that. But -- but I gave him -- and they -- what they've done to this -- what they've done to this country is just incredible. Between the open borders and prisoners pouring in and mental patients and everything else pouring in, and it's not easy to get them.

You know, they're looking all over the place. They have searches all over the place. But, you know, these are professionals at escaping. And Tom Homan is doing an unbelievable job. And Kristi -- Kristi Noem, unbelievable job.

They -- they really made a mess of things in foreign policy and in local policy. They have made a mess of this country, but it'll be straightened out. I would say, in 12 months, we're going to have a whole different country.

Yeah. Look, the Republicans mean very well, everybody. But I think Rand Paul voted against it. Is that right?

Did I hear that? Oh, boy. It never ends with these guys. They have to -- they have to go and grandstand. But I was very honored by the bill that he did. I think John Thune is doing a fantastic job, but it does -- it gives you optionality, Brian. We want one big, beautiful bill, as I say. And, you know, that would include many other things and what we -- were approved yesterday.

But to have what we approved yesterday is nice. And we'll see now how the House is going to do. The House is going with a one-bill concept. The Senate, the two. And the Senate will come along and do -- if they see good progress with the House, they'd rather have everything included also. But we're going to see what they -- we're going to see what the House comes up with.

They're working very hard. They think they're going to get there on one bill, and then the Senate would be able to vote on the one big, beautiful bill that would include taxes and tax cuts and really the biggest -- it will be the biggest tax cuts in American history.

And I would think it's very hard for even Democrats to vote against that.

As long as we get to the same point, you know, two bills. Now, what they approved yesterday is one part of it, and then they approve another part of it. And, you know, you could -- I guess you could make the case. You could do three. You could do for 10, as long as we get along -- you know, as long as we get them all added up, and it's the same thing.

And, you know, I think we're in very good shape. I think that's a good signal that -- I think it's a very good signal that we -- we got the one bill passed because there's great unity. We have great unity in the party.

The House has -- is great and the Senate is great. We have fantastic unity. And I think it's going to go good. If -- if this didn't get approved, the Democrats essentially would have approved the largest tax increase in the history of our country. And I don't think that works very well for them politically.

I don't care if they come in or not. It doesn't matter to me, the fake news. They're all fake. Most of them. So, if they don't come in, that doesn't matter to me. And they're getting the highest ratings they've ever had since I've had -- you know, since, since -- look, if they had somebody else, nobody would be watching them.

And Sean Hannity had a show the other night with Elon Musk. He set like a record on ratings. And if they don't want to come in and interview and do news conferences, that's OK with us. We just close down the room; let them find out how to do it some other way. Associated Press is a third-rate outfit with a first-rate name.

It's got a great name for many years ago, but it's third rate. It's run badly. It's radical left. Colvin, their reporter, the primary reporter, is terrible. She's a horrible person and a horrible reporter, a terrible reporter. And if they don't want to come in and if some people don't want to come in -- the one good thing about today is there's so many.

You know, there's so many media outlets that -- look, I got elected probably by using the nontraditional outlets. Joe Rogan and a group of people that a lot of people didn't hear of so much. I did interviews, and I'd have 100 million people. With Joe, I had 250 million people. And, you know -- I mean, there's a whole lot of other people that will take their seats if they don't want to come in. I don't care.

I really don't care.

Well, I have -- here's the thing. I legally have -- the Gulf of America is now, you know, from the Gulf of Mexico. It's called the Gulf of America. And it should have for years. But, you know, nobody thought about it. I think of things that nobody thought about. And if you look at the frontage, we have most of the frontage on the Gulf of America -- what we call now the Gulf of America.

By the way, everyone's accepted it. Google Maps accepted it. Just about everybody accepted it. And --

AP wants to be cute. You know, AP is radical-left lunatics. They are very -- I don't think I've had a good story in AP in 10 years. They don't do good stories. And so, I view that a little bit, too. And that's why they don't want to do this. They don't want to admit. Everybody says it's the greatest idea.

Why didn't somebody think of it? Well, I have a very fertile mind, and I think of things. And I also got Mount McKinley put back. Mount McKinley was taken away by people that shouldn't have done that. He was a very good president. He left Teddy Roosevelt a large amount of money. He was a tariff president, and he left Teddy Roosevelt a lot of money.

And Teddy Roosevelt took all that money, and he went in and did a good job. He built the park system and lots of other things.

He built the Panama Canal, by the way. He built the Panama Canal, which we have to take back because the Panama Canal is being run by China. It was one of the dumbest deals ever made in the history of our country. We lost 38,000 people. We -- we -- it was the most expensive development ever built at that time.

But if you bring it up to this day, to this day, it was the most expensive development ever built, over $1 trillion. And think of this, Brian. The Panama Canal, we lost 38,000 people, and they -- they gave it away for $1 for no reason.

They gave it away for $1 to Panama. You know, they wanted to be politically correct. And we've got to take it back because China has taken over the Panama Canal. And that wasn't the deal. They were charging our ships more than they were charging regular ships. Think of it. They were charging more for our ships.

They were charging more for our Navy than for other navies. It's ridiculous what happened. And we're taking it back.

Well, we won the first game, and the second game was a great game. It could have gone either way. Justin's a loser, always has been. And, you know, he's -- he's just a guy that really doesn't -- I think he's done a very bad job for Canada. He's taken it radical left, and he's going to lose the election it looks like pretty big if he even runs.

I don't know.

He's not going to run. Looks like he's not going to run. That's a smart move. Because he wouldn't have a chance of winning. So, you know, Justin's sort of a nice guy, but he's a loser. And the game was a fantastic game. I watched the end of it. I was making a speech to the governors of our country, and so I couldn't watch most of it. But I got back.

I watched the end. It was a great game. I mean, both teams played really well. I thought it was -- I thought it was a terrific thing. And I congratulate the Canadian team because the American team is fantastic. But they each won one game.

Yeah, I think it's great that they didn't. I think it's great that they didn't. And we have a good relationship with Canada -- not with Justin because Justin's really -- he's too far radical left. He's so radical left. He's -- he's killing Canada. Canada is doing terribly right now. And his -- his policies, his radical-left Marxist policies have absolutely destroyed Canada.

Canada is in bad shape.

Well, that's a decision in colleges that should have been appealed. I mean, I couldn't believe how easily they seemed to have given up on that. And I don't like what's happening in college sports. I don't like that decision that was made. College sports was so great for so many years. And they go in and they win one case.

I don't know that that case was appealed. You know, I won a lot of cases, as you know, better than anybody on appeal. So, I don't know what's -- what's going on with that. That's -- I think it was a terrible decision and very bad for college sports. Absolutely.

Well, they're still fighting it, but are they fighting it? They didn't fight the decision. Why didn't somebody go in and appeal the decision?

Now, maybe they did, but it doesn't seem to me that they did. But maybe they did.

But, you know, you've got to fight these cases right until the end. You've got to take them up to the Supreme Court. You have judges. You have radicalized judges. But, you know, you have to take these cases up to the Supreme Court sometimes. It just seems to me that they didn't use the power of -- of the appellate courts.

Well, it was a very low period. It was a horrible thing. We had some real sleazy, corrupt prosecutors doing things in many cases. I mean, Deranged Jack Smith, Fani Willis. She calls herself Fani, I think. Over absolutely bogus cases. I have it in New York, you know, with the -- with cases in New York that are just so -- so disgraceful.

You know, so disgraceful how -- how corrupt it is. And everybody knows it. Everybody knows it. You know, whether you like these people or not, but every one of the pundits that you have on the show all the time, not one of them said that I should have been sued on any of this stuff. It was all made-up stuff, especially the New York stuff.

And just all made-up stuff with crooked judges, corrupt judges, very corrupt judges. And it's a shame.

So, I knew that, and I knew that -- I knew how crooked the system was. In New York, they wouldn't even let me go to the courts that you were supposed to go to. They had these judges hanging onto cases for dear life. They wouldn't let those cases go. Vicious, vicious stuff.

And -- and people know it. And that's one of the reasons businesses aren't coming into New York. But if you would have -- if you would have told me, you know, what was my attitude, then? I think, honestly, Brian, my attitude was just fighting. I wasn't thinking about losing. I was thinking about fighting.

Because I knew how corrupt they are. And when I had to take a mug shot, that was a low -- a low point. But when I looked at how the mug shot turned out, it was one of the -- it was a -- it was a picture that somehow got snapped up by the whole world. It's -- they rate it now, the No. 1 mug shot.

It used to be Frank Sinatra and Elvis and --

They were some pretty good mug shots taken. But this was -- this has blown everything away. You understand what I mean by that. So, it started off as a -- you know, it's a hard -- look, it was a horrible thing to have to go through that, and it taught me a lot. It taught me that we have to have an honest court system.

We also have to have an honest press. We don't have an honest press.

And many of our courts, not everywhere, but in particular in New York, they're so corrupt. And what happened in -- in Georgia was a very corrupt prosecutor. That was a very, very corrupt prosecutor. You know that better than any --

If you look at what happened in Georgia with Fani Willis.

That was a very corrupt situation, too. I mean, they indicted so many people. So many people were so badly hurt. And they were hurt for nothing, for being patriots.

And they were old -- some of the people were very old people. They loved our country. They love our country. I hope they still love it, and they were treated so badly. But I think I was really thinking -- people do ask me that question. I think I was only thinking about winning.

Hey, Brian.

I have no loyalty to your radio show. I only have loyalty to you. So, if you're doing radio, that's good. If you're doing television, that's good, too. And if you're writing something -- if you ever reduce yourself to that, that'll be fine, too. OK?

So long. Thank you, Brian.