Well, thank you.

He's a great guy, by the way, and it was -- we had a good time, amazing people, amazing crowd and amazing people.

I think he did, actually, and they're going to have a -- I think it's '26, actually the' 26 draft' 2026, and it's going to be, uh, exciting. It's great for Washington DC. We need it a little bit and we're focusing.

The city, by the way, the city is really, uh, a lot safer today than it was three months ago, before we started here. But it's -- so it's going to be exciting having the NFL do that.

Uh, I watched a couple of games or pieces of games, uh, and a number of things. His father's, a big Trump fan and I like people that are Trump fans, like you like them when they're Hugh Hewitt fans, right? His father said great things about me over the years, really, really nice and number one. Number two, genetics.

Do you believe in genetics? And so do I. He has -- he has good genes for a football player and I watched him play a little bit. And to me, you know, what do I know, but I picked talent and I thought he was a very talented quarterback. I really thought he was good. I like his gene pool and I liked his talent.

And I really think that he's going to do well. I think he -- I don't know, I just felt they treated him very badly, you want to know.

I don't think it's good. I think if it -- if it happens you have to handle it, but I don't think it's good. I was surprised, you know, he was -- people were saying he was going to be the number one pick and he ends up in the, what, fourth round or something.

It's uh, no, I don't think it's good. But, uh, but sometimes you have to do it. He'll handle it. He's a, you know, going to Cleveland and stuff because it's very cold and, you know, it's -- I wouldn't say it's an ideal throwing, uh.

So, yeah, they have great fans, we love them. No, we love them.

It's a hard place to throw a football, but it's --

Well, we haven't started yet because we're meeting actually for, you know, we've been talking back and forth. Look, they want to make a deal so badly; that I can tell you. But we've been talking, and it's not a question of like pride. Somebody said, oh, who made the call, who made the call? It doesn't matter.

I will tell you, you would have been happy if you -- if I gave you the answer to that, but it doesn't matter. The conversation matters, not, you know, how it got set up. But I think talking about Jimmy Lai is a very good idea. We'll put it down and we'll put it down as part of the negotiation.

Oh, I have and he's very good, he's tough, he's a great business guy. You know, I've known him and I put him in there because he's got great toughness and, you know, it is behind. It's the greatest submarine ever built. It's the most lethal weapon ever built, by far. It's not even a contest. And they're behind.

They've always done a great job, that particular group, you know that. And they've always been great, but they're behind and, usually, they're not behind. So we have a lot of them are behind. Boeing is behind, a lot of them are behind.

By the way, his library is a total disaster. You know that, it's like it stopped, I guess. And they didn't want to use construction workers; can you believe it? They didn't. That's what you got. You got a building that's probably never going to get built. I don't know, I don't know what they're going to do with it. It's a mess.

But in this case, we have a company that the submarine, you know, the submarines, and they are the greatest submarines in the world. One thing, we are way advanced on submarines is the greatest in the world and they're behind a little bit and maybe a lot. But maybe it's not going to matter that much, as long as they get them done and quickly.

Also, I'm looking at costs. You know, I just got here, remember. Don't forget, I'm the one that complained about the aircraft carrier -- carrier, the Gerald Ford. And I complained about a lot -- a lot of aspects about the, uh, you know, the elevators being run by magnets, as opposed to hydraulic. I campaign -- campaigned about.

And it was part of my campaign. Uh, we talked about the catapults, you know, what throws the planes out. I said, why not --

Yeah, no, it's a mess, and I'm not a big fan of the Ford-class. I don't like the tower being in the back, OK. You know, the tower on an aircraft carrier, you look at the Roosevelt and the various aircraft carriers. I like it in the middle where it's the widest. I like it hanging over the side. You know, the hardest thing to do is land a plane.

If you're a pilot, even a great pilot has a hard time if they have it all -- a little bit of the claustrophobia thing going. Uh, and when you move the tower to the back, it makes it that much harder to land a plane. I don't -- I don't like a lot of aspects of it and I let -- I let it be known, but they decided.

Well, I'm going to juice it a lot and we were getting ready to really start that. We had an election that was very unfortunate. Think of what would have happened. You wouldn't have had, the least of which is inflation, but you wouldn't have had the border, 21 million people coming in, many, many, many criminals from all over the world.

You wouldn't have had Russia, Ukraine. You wouldn't have had October 7th with Israel. You wouldn't have had the most embarrassing moment in the history of our country. You wouldn't have had a thing called Afghanistan. What a disaster. And I don't mean getting out; getting out was good. They should have kept Bagram, which they didn't keep.

You know who's occupying Bagram right now, China?

China is occupying Bagram. And the reason to keep it wasn't Afghanistan, it was because it was one hour away from where they make their nuclear missiles, China. That would have been a big, and that was a big one.

You would have been very happy with what we did. I was all set, we were getting out, but we were getting out with dignity and pride and strength, not the way we got out there. That was what, we lost 13 soldiers and, you know, the thing nobody ever talks about it, you do, but nobody talks about them. Is the 42 people that were so horrifically injured.

And then if you add it all up, you probably lost 600 people, you know, on both sides, a lot of people.

A lot of people died.

Yeah, well, I don't want to be foolish enough to answer the question because you can never really answer a question like that. But, uh, let's, uh, let's just assume, and I put out the strongest of orders. And this is not about me, this is about any president. If anybody does it, they're going to be hit harder than anybody's ever been hit in the history of our country.

You can't do that. You can't do that period, but you can't do that to presidents.

Yeah, it's very simple and I'd much rather make a deal, you know, a really verified deal. We want total verification. We can do that. We have some very brilliant people up at MIT and various other places. We could do that very, very solidly. But, uh, I would much prefer a strong verified deal where we actually blow them up, but, uh, blow them up or -- or just de-nuke them.

But the other -- there are only two alternatives there, blow them up nicely or blow them up viciously.

You've got to get them out, can't do it, can't do it.

Well, I win. You know, they were losing for so long. They're losers, the names you mentioned and, uh, and many others, most others. But, uh, I win and when I win, it drives people crazy, and I win a lot. And I -- you know, they have a hat that was made that Trump was right about everything. If you look -- if you go back, I don't think you could find anything I was wrong about.

Uh, right about China, right about trade. You know, we had China making $1 trillion, think of it, $1 trillion under Biden, $1 trillion; more, actually, six --

Six billion dollars a day, we were losing on trade.

I can tell you that depends on if they're going to treat us fairly. They, like every other country practically that you can name, including our so-called friends, ripped us off on trade. And -- and on the military, you know. Until I came along, NATO was bust. NATO wasn't going to be able to make it and, you know, I said we're paying almost 100 percent of this thing, and they treat us badly on trade.

So we save them on military and they kill us on trade, mostly the same countries with the European Union. I said, can you imagine. But I can't tell you that. I mean it's -- we'll see how it goes. We have a big meeting on Saturday in Switzerland with some of the guys going over there. Scott and some other guys, very good guys.

We want to have fair trade deals.

So, I use a phrase over the last few months because I've been watching them very closely, they've lost their confidence. Uh guys, like David Brooks, who are supposed to be like Republicans, they're not Republicans, they're bad guys. The other character that's writing, uh, for the New York Times, they call him the Republican.

He's not a Republican; he's just a flunky for the New York Times. And these people have lost their confidence because they lose all the time. And we have a movement, the likes of which nobody's ever seen. You know it better than anybody. You cover it as well as anybody.

The MAGA movement, it's Make America Great Again, it's very simple.

Well, I think so. I've never seen spirit like we have. You know, you mentioned the speech in Alabama and the place was packed with big, you know, big arena. They've never had a crowd like that and -- and it was, you know, University of Alabama, incredible people, by the way, the whole place -- everybody was beautiful.

It was like the most wonderful looking arena, both the arena itself and the people. And now we have -- we have a great -- we have a great country. We have some people that are sick, frankly. They have -- they have just -- I don't know, there's something wrong with them. And you talk about Trump Derangement Syndrome.

It probably makes them even crazier.

And they've lost their confidence, totally.

Yeah, won all seven. Yeah, it was -- I felt I was going to win all seven, you know, I campaigned in all seven. Every arena was packed. We were doing great, everywhere. That was, you know, we ran that that last three month period, you know, you figure 90 days, but that last three to four month period, it was a flawless campaign.

We were just running flawlessly. And then they put her in. He was losing by 30 points and they put her in. We didn't know, was she good? Was she bad? Nobody knew too much about her. Most people didn't know the name, Harris, right? You know, they knew Kamala, they didn't know Harris. But she got up and she turned out to be a total disaster for them.

But I'm telling you, they're just -- uh, if you look at their -- their -- hey, we have a big bench. We have a beautiful bench with a lot of very talented people. Look at the people they have. They have somebody named Crockett, and somebody was telling me she's the future of the party and I figured, oh, this would be good.

I look forward to watching her and I watched her. She's a low IQ person, very low.

Well, I think she -- I think you're right about the charisma. I don't know about her speaking ability. I don't know about her debating ability. I don't know how she is, you know, in an interview because you rarely see her being interviewed, rarely. And that's a bad thing because usually, that means something.

You know, it's like Kamala, they didn't want to interview.

No. Well, I don't think he was competent, 40 years ago. He was a very average guy. Uh, look at his look at his credentials, academically, look at his look at, you know, look at his whole life. He was a glad hander, you know, hale and hardy. He had a good personality. I mean, he had a sort of a good look, Other than the hair was weak, you know, hair was very weak, but the look was pretty good.

He was a hale and hardy and well met guy, but he was not a smart guy. But he was a vicious guy. You know, you saw that here. He knew enough to know to go after his opponent; he went after his political opponent.

Well, when that -- when I gave that answer just before that, you know, the answer was in reference to the way he was acting and talking. I was sort of saying that's sort of a strange thing going on here. He also was very white. I mean they had the whitest makeup. I could say this, whoever his makeup artist is, don't use him again.

And they had a very big makeup person and maybe they wanted to set records by trying to make somebody the -- he was the whitest. So when I walked on, I looked across because I didn't see him before. I didn't meet him before the debate and I walked on and for whatever reason, they put him on first. Normally the -- if you're the president, you go on, you know, you go on second like a fighter.

You know, they put the champion in the ring second; they put the challenger in first. And so I was very honored by that, actually. But I went into the arena, so to speak, and I looked at him and I said, man, is he, is something wrong. And I think it was more makeup than anything else.

Well, I think I'm crushing it more than anybody ever, and I think nobody's been better to Israel as a president than me, by a factor of about 20. In fact, I could say maybe nobody's ever been better than me on Israel. And I am shocked to see what I'm seeing because if you look back at the old days of the Holocaust, you're seeing the same kind of thing happening now as you saw many, many years ago.

And you would have thought that that could never happen, right? Wouldn't you think, I mean, that that's not something. If you go back a few years, you would say that could, you know, it's never -- when I was growing up, uh, and, you know, as a young guy, uh, I would say, without question, the most powerful lobby, the most powerful, without question, was Israel, in terms of the Congress, in terms of the Senate and the House.

The most powerful, the most powerful lobby was -- if you ever said anything bad about Israel, your political career was over. Today, and the Senate's hanging pretty tough. But the -- the House is, you look at some of these, uh, people, including AOC plus three and all of these different people that are now, I mean, look at Schumer.

He's become a Palestinian. I think he's a Palestinian, actually. You should give him the garb. But I can't believe that Schumer -- of all the people, you look at the guy, I think he's a wreck, first of all. I don't know what the hell happened to him, but he's being beat up pretty good. You know, when I wrote him the little note, thank you very much for your this and that.

That was not meant as a wise guy, no, that was meant, sincerely. I appreciated that he did what I consider to be the right thing, you know, with his vote and, a couple of weeks ago. And they got a hold of that letter and they just creamed him on that letter.

The real question is, is he going to be challenged by AOC? Is he going to be challenged by somebody else? Because I think he's pretty weakened, right now. He looks -- he looks like hell.

I just don't know about her speaking ability and I don't know about her, uh, her, you know, she still has to answer questions, and I haven't seen that yet. She goes on very rarely. You don't see it. And if, you know, Kamala was a disaster with answering questions. Before that, she was doing all right. And then when she started opening her mouth, she started losing rapidly, really rapidly.

So, I don't know. And I don't know about, you know, I don't know about her speaking ability. You have to be able to speak in front of large crowds. Uh, her voice is a little different. I don't say it's bad, but it's a little squeaky. And it's a squeaky voice. I'm not sure that sells, you know, but we'll see.

You never know, right, you know the expression, you never know.

Never say never, that's true.

I think so, yes, we're going to look for that and where we find them, sometimes it's out of control, but you don't see it, you know, it's not so obvious. With Harvard, it was very obvious. You look at it, totally anti-Semitic. And you look at that where they had 3 percent conservatives and, you know, the rest of them were mostly radical left.

A couple of things I put in. I had to put this in. I said, you hired at a tremendous salary, Lori Lightfoot, right, the mayor of Chicago, one of the worst in history. And then you hired the worst mayor in the history of New York, by far, a man who started the downfall of New York, de Blasio, Bill de Blasio, a total disaster.

And they hired these two people. They don't hire a Rudy Giuliani or somebody that could actually, you know, who was actually a great mayor. And, uh, but think of it, they hired these two people, paid them a fortune and they're talking about, uh, municipal management. It's --

I will do everything we can to make sure they're not funded. They're horrible. I watched them just because I have to watch the enemy, sometimes; I don't watch them often. I watch MSDNC, sometimes. I hate it, I hate watching it, but I feel I have an obligation. They are so bad and so corrupt, they're a disgrace.

This guy, Brian Roberts that runs that company, he should be -- they should look into the whole thing because first of all, CNN and MS -- I call it DNC, Democratic National Committee. The -- the -- those things are political arms. That should be, you know, that should really be campaign finance violations and at the highest level.

They don't say anything good about, and me in particular, but any Republican. And they are so dishonest. You could do, you could come up with a cure to the worst disease known to man or woman, and they would say, uh, he did a terrible thing. They are just horrible people.

They were bad and they've gotten worse and they're worse, probably, than they ever were, yeah.

We're going to try -- and you know what, they may get the funding, they may get the funding from lunatics on the left. These are lunatics, these are sick people, but the government should not be providing funding.

Well, we do actually have -- I never -- I haven't really been giving it a lot of thought, but I will get to pick the city. That's true -- that's true.

-- I'll get to pick a lot of things, OK, if you want to, but I get to pick the city.

Well, I am -- I've already endorsed Vivek. I mean, I will be very much involved because we have to win, very important that we win and we should win. There's a -- an amazing anomaly. It doesn't -- it doesn't make sense to me actually that if you're president, you sort of almost always lose in the midterms.

Now if you lose, if you look, it's crazy. I think we're having a great presidency. I think we had a great hundred days. You know, the people that are legit, uh, say this was an amazing hundred days, the things that we've done. We've practically gotten rid of woke. I mean, it's -- it's virtually -- I mean, people are there -- if they believe in that nonsense, they're afraid to do it. But so many different things we've done.

We'll be looking at that, Hugh, we'll be looking. No, but we did a great job, and I'll tell you, Tom Homan was great. Christie was great. We have -- we have a lot of good people, great people in this administration, and we've accomplished a lot. And you know, it's uh, it's 100 days, not very long. We have a long way to go. We have almost four years --

We're going to completely turn this country around, so fast. Aay it again.

It's a big thing, the big -- the one big, beautiful deal, that's what we want, and it'll be the largest tax cut in history. Now, the alternative is you'll have a 68 percent jump if the Democrats get their way. Now who's going to vote for that? But you have a 68 point -- if -- taxes will go up like at a level never seen before if they don't. I think there's a lot of pressure on Republicans.

There's a lot of pressure because we don't need grandstanders.

No, it's false. He did call me up, but he called me up for another reason, very nice innocent reason. He's sort of the last of our great movie stars, if you think about it, you know, he's a nice guy. He couldn't have been nicer. I don't believe I ever spoke to him, but others have -- Jon Voight has, Jon Voight, I love Jon Voight.

And he has and others have, also. And I love the idea, the concept of -- of the tariff. If you make your movie in another country, you know, they make them all over the world now and they don't make them here. And if you make your movie in another country and you want to sell it here, that's OK, you have to pay a tariff.

They took a big chunk of our movie. They took a lot of our businesses, but they're all going to come back.

Uh, uh, well, they have started paying more, but we basically defend Canada. We lose -- we subsidize Canada to the tune of $200 billion a year. And I say why? Why are we doing that? Because we want to make our cars; they make a lot of cars. We're going to take that business back and you do that with tariffs.

Uh, lumber, we have all the lumber in the world. I've already, uh, D, I've taken care of the environmental situation. You know, we've -- we've opened up forest areas that were ridiculously closed, but we have as much lumber as anybody, almost in the world. We have more energy than anybody in the world. We don't need their energy.

We don't need their lumber. We don't need their steel, their aluminum. We don't need anything they have. With that being said, I had a very good meeting with him, yesterday.

Thank you very much, Hugh. Great honor, thanks. Bye, bye.