Hello everybody. How are you? This is the Oval Office. This is the Resolute Desk, which is really something very spectacular. There's nothing quite like it, and it, uh, they give you a choice of about seven different desks, but this is the one I chose. Ronald Reagan had it. FDR had it. A few people had it, but I found it to be the most beautiful.

This is an amazing space and amazing, maybe architecturally wonderful, but, uh, amazing for what it represents. It represents the US, and if properly used, a lot of good things can happen.

Yeah. Ronald Reagan.

Being in the Oval Office is very important. See Ronald Reagan here and, uh, put him a little bit larger, sort of seemed to fit very nicely. Uh, you have, uh, Democrats a little bit. You have --

Franklin Roosevelt. So you look at that picture and people say, "Well, what's he doing up there?" But look, he was a serious president, whether we like it or not, he was a four-termer and, uh, you know, went through a war. You have Lincoln, you have Washington, but you look over here, that's Monroe, the Monroe Doctrine.

I think the Monroe Doctrine was pretty important, you know, that was his claim to fame. Over here you have the original of Abraham Lincoln and George Washington, and of course you have the Declaration of Independence.

Well, it means, uh, exactly what it says. It's a declaration. It's a declaration of unity and love and respect, and it means a lot. And it's, uh, something very special to, to our country.

Right, right.

Well, he was, uh, a great president. He went through a lot.

It changes you.

It does.

Well, I think it says, I love the country. I mean, I'm putting pictures of presidents up that have never been up. Uh, pictures that weren't largely used and in many cases, you know, great men in this case men, but, uh, great men of great achievement.

Yeah.

I'm a, uh, very detailed person. I'm a very clean person. I like cleanliness. I like to see, uh, this space be treated properly. I've added a lot to the space in terms of, uh, beautification, uh, in terms of modernization.

It really is. It really is. So, and it's an honor to have you people with us.

Thank you very much.

Well, I think maybe the border is the most significant because our country was really going bad. They were allowing people to come in from prisons, as you know. And you've heard me say it, but you've heard a lot of people say it. Prisons, mental institutions, gang members -- murderers. We had many murderers, 11,888, they think.

Some murdered more than one person. So you had murderers coming in. You had everybody coming in. And not just South America. From all over the world, they were emptying their prisons into our country. And now it's totally closed down. And you've seen just yesterday, they announced 99.9%. Nobody thought that could happen, and it happened quickly, very quickly.

And I think that's very significant. But we're doing other things that are very significant. Results will take a little bit longer because it's one of those -- you know, it's complicated. It's -- many years of trading abuse. We've been abused by other countries for years and years. They laughed at us. They thought we were stupid people, and we're fixing it. And -- I think that's gonna be very, very important.

But I -- I would --

Yeah. I would really say that -- that -- that the border is so important, you know? You just can't --

-- let that happen. Yeah.

Sure.

Well, they did sign up for it, actually. And this is what I campaigned on. I said that-- we've been abused by other countries at levels that nobody's ever seen before. We were losing $3 to 5 billion a day on trade. We were losing-- a trillion and a half to $2 trillion a year. Not sustainable. They were takin' advantage of us like they've never -- I could've left it that way, and at some point there would've been an implosion like nobody's ever seen.

But I said, "No, we have to fix it." I've -- I've wanted to do this for many years. You know, I had the best economy during my first term. We had a tremendous economy, tremendous success. And we -- we did tremendous numbers of tariffs on -- we took in a lot of money from tariffs -- China in particular, hundreds of billions of dollars in tariffs.

We had no inflation, as you know. We had an incredible economy. We were given credit for a great economy. But I said, "We have to fix this, otherwise it's just not self-sustaining."

And I have --

I have.

No, because I had massive tariffs on China, if you remember in my first term, and we had essentially no inflation. Like, around 1% inflation, which is, like, a perfect number. The -- and then when Biden took over it went through the roof. It went to the -- probably the worst inflation we've ever had. I mean, we had an inflation nightmare.

Now, if you look at what's happening now, we're only there for 100 days, as you say, and in 100 days we took over the -- we had bad inflation for four years, for two years of -- especially two years of his -- his administration. I would say record-setting like we've never seen. They say 48 years, the worst in 48 years.

I'd say it was much worse than that --

Right. So -- so now if you look at what's happened -- energy is down. Gasoline hit $1.98 in a few states -- during the last couple of days. It was $3.50 and $4.00 and $4.50. But gasoline is way down. And when I took over, you remember the big thing with eggs? They hit me the first week, "Eggs, eggs, eggs," like it was my fault.

I said, "I didn't cause this problem. This problem was caused by Biden. What's the problem with eggs?" And they said, "They've doubled it." Well, eggs are down 87% since I got involved.

And by the way -- and there were plenty of eggs for Easter, which we just went through. There were plenty of eggs for Easter. They were saying, "You won't have enough eggs for Easter." We ended -- our sec -- my secretary did a fantastic job on eggs. Groceries are down. Everything's down --

Interest rates are the same. Interest rates should be down, but we have a Federal Reserve that wants to be stubborn. They wanna be cute --

Well, I've said that --

I've said that during --

-- my campaign. Look, we won a campaign by a lot. We won all seven swing states. We won the popular vote by a lot. You know, we had a tremendous campaign. I said all of these things during my campaign. I said, "You're gonna have a transition period." We've been ripped off by every country all over the world.

They're laughing at us. They thought we were stupid people, and we were. And I said, "That's not gonna happen. We're not gonna let that happen" --

I don't think so. I think great --

-- times are ahead. Look, since I came in gasoline is down, groceries are down, egg prices are down -- many things are down, just about everything. You know, you don't have the drop in -- in fuel and energy and oil like we did. I took it from maybe $3.20, maybe more than that, down into a low -- a much lower number.

When you have that kind of a drop you're not gonna have inflation.

Well --

Why is it --

Look, you're trying to --

-- say something's gonna happen, Terry --

Nothing's gonna happen

Terry -- Terry --

I do know business. And --

That's good.

That's good.

They deserve it.

They deserve it.

You don't know that. You don't know whether or not China's gonna eat it --

China probably will eat those tariffs. But at 145, they basically can't do much business with the United States. And they were making from us a trillion dollars a year. They were ripping us off like nobody's ever ripped us off. And by the way, we have other countries that were just as bad. If you look at the European Union, it was terrible what they've done to us. Every country, almost every country in the world was ripping us off.

They're not doing that anymore.

Really? They haven't had a boom --

-- because of inflation.

The boom was inflationary boom. The people were wiped out with inflation. I mean, you read the news. You do the business stuff, I assume --

Yeah, and they're gonna make more money now

I've been here.

I've been here for three months. I've taken a trade deficit down to a number that's very, very -- starting to get really good. I only -- I just got here. We had a country that -- it was not sustainable. What Biden did to this country, between -- the open borders where criminals poured into our country, between every country in the world ripping us off on trade, it was not sustainable.

No, no. Not only Apple. We've got $7-8 trillion being invested in our country in two months. Biden didn't have that over a year. I mean, if you look at Biden, nobody was really investing in this country. Everybody was ripping off our country. Apple's putting up $500 billion, but that's only one of many companies.

Companies are flooding into our country right now.

Everybody's gonna be just fine. It wouldn't have been if I didn't do this. I had a choice. I could leave it, have a nice, easy time. But I think ultimately you would've had an implosion. Our country had inflation that was worse than they've ever had it before. You don't mention that. Why don't you mention that?

We had the worst inflation probably in the history of our country. People say 48 years, probably in the history of our country we had the worst inflation. And people were dying over the inflation. You know that. Now the grocery prices are coming down. The energy prices are coming down. Gasoline's coming down.

It's all heading in the right direction.

About my message?

Well, they seem to work.

Well, are we talking about people that are citizens of our country or not?

Well, lemme ask you. Do they get hearings when -- when Biden allowed 21 million -- 'cause I think the number's 21, 20 million -- people to flow into our country? He had 21 million people that came into our country through a stupid open border. And they were prisoners and they were -- people that you don't want, in many cases, in our country, right?

They came from all over the world. They came from the Congo. They came from south -- they came from all over the world. We're talkin' about some of the roughest countries in the world -- they had -- they had here, including terrorists, by the way. Now --

Did we give them a hearing when they came in?

Well --

I'll -- I'll have to ask the lawyers about that. All I can say is this: If you're gonna have 21 million people, and if we have to get a lot of 'em out because they're criminals, we're gonna have to act fast. We can't -- do you think we can give 21 million trials? Let's say each trial takes two weeks. Is that what you want us to do --

-- give 21 million?

No, no. The law doesn't say anything --

-- about trials

If these people came in, they're not citizens, they came in illegally, they came into our country illegally, we have to --

-- get them out.

I can't -- sure, and we follow the legal process. I can't -- I can't have a trial-- a major trial-- for every person that came in illegally, we have thousands of murderers that came in. They're gonna murder people. They already have murdered people in our country.

We have to get 'em out--

And we have to get 'em out fast.

If people come into our country illegally there's a different standard. These are illegal. They came in illegally.

Well, they get a process where we have to get 'em out, yeah.

They get whatever my lawyers say.

They are, by the way.

Well -- I'm not so sure about that, if you take a look --

When you -- excuse me. When you look at those -- those people, they were violent people. They were violent people --

Go ahead.

I mean, that's what you say.

Go ahead. Go ahead.

I agree with that.

Oh, I agree with that a hundred percent, yeah. We want to be careful. We are careful. We're doing something that has to be done. We have a country that's very sick. Joe Biden -- and it's not him, because I don't even think he knew what the hell was happening. But the people around him are vicious people.

And what they've done to the country is unbelievable. They've allowed 21 million people to pour into our country. Many of these people are criminals. They've allowed the -- you mention Venezuela -- the jails of Venezuela to be emptied into the United States. Do you know Venezuela crime is way down? Way, way down.

You know why? Because their criminals are now living happily in the United States of America, and we're getting 'em out. And I was elected to get 'em out, and we're getting 'em out --

-- getting them out fast, and we're getting them out legally. Now in some cases, we have judges. In some cases, they're radical left judges. What happened the other day, where a judge was protecting a criminal, was horrible.

And I think she's got big problems, frankly --

And there are a couple of them like that.

Wait a minute.

We have to be treated fairly by judges. And we're not being treated fairly by all judges.

Well, I think --

I think the rulings will be overturned, yeah.

Well, the lawyer that said it was a mistake was here a long time, was not appointed by us -- should not have said that, should not have said that. And just so you understand --

-- the person that you're talkin' about, you know, you're makin' this person sound -- this is a MS-13 gang member, a tough cookie, been in lots of skirmishes, beat the hell out of his wife, and the wife was petrified to even talk about him, okay? This is not an innocent, wonderful gentleman from Maryland --

He came into our country illegally.

I could.

I could

And if he were the gentleman that you say he is, I would do that.

But he's not.

I'm not the one making this decision. We have lawyers that don't want --

-- to do this, Terry --

I -- no, no, no, no. I follow the law. You want me to follow the law. If I were the president that just wanted to do anything, I'd probably keep him right where he is --

Listen. I was elected to take care of a problem that was -- it was -- a, a unforced error that was made by a very incompetent man, a man that turned out to be incompetent that you always said was wonderful, a great genius, right? And now you find out -- all of the media, now they're saying what a mistake they made.

A man who was grossly incompetent allowed us to have open borders where millions of people flowed in --

I campaigned on that issue. I wouldn't say it was my number one issue, but it was pretty close.

I campaigned on that issue. I've done an amazing job. I have closed borders. He said you couldn't do it, you wouldn't be able to do it, it would never happen. Well, it happened. And it happened --

-- very quickly. Wait a minute. When we have criminals, murderers, criminals in this country, we have to get 'em out. And we're doing it.

And you'll pick out one man, but even the man that you picked out --

-- he said he'd -- wasn't a member of a gang. And then they looked, and --

On his knuckles -- he had MS-13 --

Well, wait a minute. Wait a minute. He had MS-13 --

-- on his knuckles tattooed.

Wait a minute.

Hey, Terry. Terry. Terry.

Don't do that -- M-S-1-3 -- It says M-S-one-three.

That was Photoshop? Terry, you can't do that -- he had -- -- he-- hey, they're givin' you the big break of a lifetime. You know, you're doin' the interview. I picked you because -- frankly I never heard of you, but that's okay --

But I picked you -- Terry -- but you're not being very nice. He had MS-13 tattooed --

Terry.

Terry. Do you want me to show the picture?

Oh, and you think it was Photoshop. Well --

-- don't Photoshop it. Go look --

-- at his hand. He had MS-13 --

No, no. Terry --

Terry, no, no. No, no. He had MS as clear as you can be. Not "interpreted." This is why people --

-- no longer believe --

-- the news, because it's fake news --

He is --

--there -- oh, oh, they weren't there --

But they're there now, right?

But they're there now?

Terry.

He's got MS-13 on his knuckles.

Okay?

It's -- it's -- you do such a disservice --

Why don't you just say, "Yes, he does," and, you know, go on to something else --

Yeah.

Sure.

Well, look, the Ukraine is a very serious, very tough situation. And this is Biden's war. This is not my war. But I want to see if I can solve it, because probably close to 5,000 young soldiers a week are being killed, Russian and Ukrainian. We also spend a tremendous amount of money in Ukraine, and Europe should be spending much more than us. They're not.

They're spending much less. It's been badly handled by the Biden administration. It's been badly handled all the way around, all the way around --

The moment was a moment of solace in a sense, because -- tremendous numbers of people are dying. A lot of his people are dying. They're being killed. And I feel very badly about it. I feel very badly about -- that's a war that would have never happened if I were president, and it didn't happen for four years.

It was never even a thought of it happening.

Yeah, well, that was part of my post. But you're right. That was -- that was part of a post, yes --

It's possible. Yeah, that's possible. Sure.

He could be tapping me along a little bit. I would say that he would like to stop the war. I think that --

-- if -- if it weren't for me, I think he'd want to take over the whole country, personally. I always felt -- so when I left, there wasn't even a chance that this would happen. When Biden got involved, I won't say whether or not he handled it properly, but obviously it wasn't good, because the war started.

Putin went in. The war started. I believe that Putin wanted to get all of Ukraine once he went in. And I think part of the reason he went in is he saw what happened in Afghanistan, how incompetent -- how incompetently Milley and all these guys handled that. It was one of the greatest embarrassments of -- of our lifetimes but maybe in the history of our country.

Okay. So Putin went in. I think Putin wanted all of Ukraine.

I think if I didn't win the election, he would have gotten all of Ukraine. I think he would have taken all of Ukraine.

I think his first choice -- never with me. He would have never gone in. With this group of losers, he went in. He saw what happened in Afghanistan. He said, "Wow, this is my chance," because it was always the apple of his eye. I talked to him. Ukraine was the apple of his eye. I think he wanted the whole country.

And because of me, I do believe that --

-- he's willing to stop the fighting. Don't forget --

-- this is --

I think he does, yes. I think he does--

I think because of me --

I think he really -- his -- his -- his dream was to take over the whole country. I think because of me, he's not gonna do that.

I think --

I don't trust you. I don't trust -- I don't trust a lot of people. I don't trust you. Look at you. You come in all shootin' for bear. You're so happy to do the interview.

And then you start hitting me with fake questions. You start tellin' me that a guy -- whose hand is covered with a tattoo --

-- doesn't have the tattoo, you know.

I mean, you're being dishonest.

Let -- let-- let me just tell you --

Do I trust -- I don't trust a lot of people. But I do think this. I think that he -- let's say he respects me. And I believe because of me he's not gonna take over the whole -- but his decision, his choice would be to take over all of Ukraine.

It's a war that never should have happened. It did happen because of incompetent people --

But it never should have happened.

I don't want to tell you that. I'm not gonna tell you whether or not I would or not --

I want to leave that as a big, fat secret, because I don't want to ruin a negotiation. But --

-- I will tell you I was not happy when I saw Putin shooting missiles into a few towns and cities. And -- that was not something that I liked seeing, and I thought it was inappropriate. But I think the whole war is inappropriate.

Again, it's a war that shouldn't have happened. This war is a war that if the election weren't rigged -- and it was totally rigged, the 2020 election -- if it weren't rigged, you wouldn't have that. You wouldn't have had the embarrassment --

-- of Afghanistan.

You wouldn't have October 7th with Is --

--Israel. You wouldn't have had any of the problems that you have right now --

And you wouldn't have had inflation either.

I had a talk with him, and whatever I said I probably wouldn't be inclined to tell you. Bu t-- we had a good talk. He's a talented guy. He's young. He's smart, highly educated. And I think he's gonna be a very good defense -- hopefully a great defense secretary, but he'll be a very good defense secretary --

I don't have -- a hundred percent confidence in anything, okay? Anything. Do I have a hundred percent? It's a stupid question. Look --

-- I have -- no, no, no. You don't have a hundred percent. Only a liar would say, "I have a hundred percent confidence." I don't have a hundred percent confidence that we're gonna finish this interview.

Let's go.

No, I think DOGE has been, look, saved $150 billion. Billion. We saved -- that's a lot of money. There's also a lot of things right now under investigation, which is gonna increase that amount by a lot. And that's a tremendous amount of money. There were some things where when I heard about 'em I -- I put 'em back, as you know.

There are things that I'm considering right now putting back. But overall, we've saved hundreds of billions of dollars of --

Well, I don't know --

You don't know what it's gonna be because we have things that are very -- at a very high level that are being looked at right now. We also found tremendous waste, fraud, and abuse, as you know. We found a lot of fraud. There was a lot of fraud. Fraudulent things were taking place, and we ended that, and those people are gonna be suffering --

-- because of it.

Well, you don't know that, do you? How do you know that?

How do you know that --

Why -- how would you know that, that there were no referrals? I think there--

-- were referrals.

How do you know that?

No, you're not askin' me. You made a statement. You're not asking me --

That was a statement that you made. There have been --

Have there been? Yes, there have.

Of course there have been. Take a look at some of these things --

-- that took place. Millions of dollars were given to people for no reason whatsoever. Of course there have been.

That's right.

Well, I recommend the governors to make the decisions. You have a very talented governor of Texas, and he's making decisions, and those decisions are gonna be made rapidly. This is a very much different thing than COVID in terms of rap -- rapidity and speed and other things. Measles have been with us a long time.

And I'm not saying good, bad, or indifferent. I'm just saying that -- the governors are making the decision. It's a federalist decision --

Oh, sure. I rec --

Do I recommend it?

Yes, I do. I recommend it. Yeah.

Do I mandate it? No.

But I do recommend it, yes --

And I have recommended it.

He did. He did. He recommended it. Yeah, he did. He recommended it --

Yeah, I mean, he --

-- recommended that they go out and get the vaccine. Yeah.

Well, they obviously agreed because they paid me a lotta money.

Well -- These are big --

These are big boys. These are big -- these are the biggest, most powerful lawyers. These are not people that --

-- are easily intimidated.

And they paid hundreds of millions of dollars because they felt -- I guess they probably felt they did something wrong, you know --

No, it isn't. These --

These -- these firms are very powerful firms, and there's 15 of them. And these are firms that -- probably-- look, you have to ask them. In fact, this is a separate story. You have to ask them, "Why did you all pay Trump hundreds of millions of dollars in services, et cetera? Why did you do that?" I don't know.

We -- we -- we have a clause in the thing that, "While we admit no wrongdoing." But, you know, it's like one of those things. And now I'm friendly with those firms. But it's -- you know, these are the most powerful firms in the world. And they just signed whatever I put in front of 'em. I've never seen anything like it. I'm-- I'm actually surprised myself in a certain way.

But they obviously felt they probably did something wrong. I guess that's why they signed.

No. I'll tell you what -- I tell you what you sh -- not -- you're really not asking and you should be asking. There has never been a president in this country in the history that was persecuted like I was persecuted by really crooked people. Dishonest, horrible people. And it's been proven. So when you say I'm treating people rough, I'm not treating people rough.

I was treated worse than any president in the history of our country. And, you know, people figured, "Well, maybe that's it. Finally we got-- you know, he's leaving town. There goes the helicopter." And then I came back. And -- I came back because I have tremendous support. You know, when you win an election like I won it -- and you will admit: I won all seven swing states.

I won the popular vote. I won -- 700 of -- let's say 2,750 districts compared to 500 districts. That's why the map is all red. And those people feel that I was treated unfairly.

I don't go after -- I don't go -- I'm going after -- all I'm doing -- hey, Biden did something to me --

--a nd I did something to Biden. And you know why I did it? 'Cause he's grossly incompetent. That's not a man that should be allowed to, you know, be lookin' at things that are very confidential.

Here's a man that used an autopen to sign very important documents. Now, who really is -- do -- do you think he knew what -- that they were using an autopen? I mean, he used an autopen to sign very, very important documents. And so those are really the questions you should be asking: "What do you think of the autopen?

Who wielded the autopen?" Because -- whoever that person was, think of it. Whoever the person that wielded the autopen, he was really the president of the United States.

I don't think that Biden knew anything about it --

Uh. No, no.

People that I think are dishonest. It's not that I don't -- I don't even know most of 'em. They're people that I think are dis --

No-- it's not anger. These are people that I think are very dishonest. I don't think they're worthy of being able to go into top-secret information. I think that's fine. And Biden did that with many of our people. But when you look at it -- these are people that I don't think are worthy. That's my decision.

It's not a question of anger.

That's their prerogative.

We're doing great --

The country's doing great.

Prices are down.

Gasoline's down. Energy's down. Tourism is gonna be way up. Wait till you see the numbers. The tourism is way up.

Now, Canada -- oh, sure -- tourism's doing very well. We're doing very well. We're doing very well. Wait till you see the real numbers come out in about -- in six months from now wait till you see the numbers.

They're gonna be very good --

I -- no, I think it's gone way up, and I think we're a respected country again. We were laughed at all over the world. We had -- a president that couldn't walk up a flight of stairs, couldn't walk down a flight of stairs, couldn't walk across a stage without falling. We had a president that was grossly incompetent.

You knew it, I knew it, and everybody knew it. But you guys didn't want to write it because you're fake news.

And, by the way, ABC is one of the worst. I have to be honest with you --

No, I -- I would hate them to think that. I'm doing one thing: I'm makin' America great again. We have a country that was failing. We have a country that was laughed at all over the world. We had a leader that was grossly incompetent. He should have never been there. The election was rigged. He shoulda never been there.

Our country suffered greatly, and now our country's coming back like nobody can believe. I have editorials just today where they're saying they've never seen anything like it. They love it. Our country's coming back, and we're respected again.

Thank you, Terry, very much.