You think Biden would have done this phone call? I don't think so. I don't think so.

It's an economic emergency. And if I don't do it and if we don't get it -- if we don't win that -- if we don't win that decision, you'll see a reverberation like maybe you've never seen before. That's how bad it will be. We are so strong now and we are so respected. And this decision is the only thing -- the stock market is down today because of the possibility that that's going to happen.

If we win this, the stock market's going to go right through the roof because we'll find -- this has been hanging over us for a year, literally, this decision. Even before because we knew it was filed. And you know who files it, foreign companies are filing it.

Foreign companies. They're not American companies, they're foreign companies because they want to take away, you know, what we have. Because we were a lapdog for the whole world and foreign interests are against -- foreign interests are involved with this lawsuit. They're the ones. Good, American companies, they're pouring into our country.

You know, Scott, I don't know if you've seen, we have more investment, close to $17 trillion of investment coming into our country. We never had anything -- we never had one tenth of that.

And now it's all coming in. And this decision is an overhang. Let me tell you something, until this decision -- it's an emergency. We're going in as an emergency. We'll be probably doing it tomorrow for an emergency meeting because this decision -- you see the stock market. This decision is an emergency.

Without tariffs, we have an entirely different country. We'll be an entirely different country. And on top of it, they'll have their tariffs and they'll be able to use them and we won't.

I'll tell you what, D.C. is now a no -- it's a free crime city. We have no crime in D.C. It's cleaned up. It's in great shape. You can go out to dinner. The restaurants -- it took me 12 days, OK? We have tough people in the military and you need tough people to deal with Tren de Aragua and all these criminals that are in our country, let in our country by Biden.

You know, many of these are people that came in through the big wave, the big wave, the big, ugly wave that was -- that was allowed to come in by this incompetent president. But think of it, D.C. was a place -- was very unsafe. You know it well. You can walk down now, Scott -- you can walk down the street, go to lunch, have lunch, walk to the White House.

You're not going to -- nobody's going to touch you. We have a -- it's a crime-free zone. We have -- it's called a crime-free zone. We don't have crime. 12 days, it took me.

And  --

And they walk into gangs of Tren de Aragua, MS-13 and they fight them. They don't give a shit. They fight them. They don't use a lot of words actually. They like fighting. But they fight them and they knock the shit out of them and they take them out. And these are -- these are criminals. These are really bad -- these are really bad criminals.

These people are born to be criminals. You know, like you're born a good -- you're born a good putter, OK? These people are born to be criminals.

It's a much more powerful term than my second term would have been. I think you understand that, Scott.

We've spoken about it. It's a much, much more powerful term, plus I got a few bonuses. I got the Olympics and I got the World Cup to come here. And I said -- when I did it my first term, I said, boy, it's a shame I got them, but it's going to be in eight years, I won't be president. And now I turned out to be president during these two biggest events, and 250 is going to be a great event.

I'm very disappointed in him. He and I always had a great relationship. I'm very disappointed. Thousands of people are dying. They're not Americans that are dying, but they're Russians and they're Ukrainians and there's thousands and it's a war that makes no sense, and it would have never started if I were president.

And that's what bothers me even more because the election was totally rigged. And it's a shame. Although I must tell you, we've done more in this -- in this term than I probably could have ever done in the second term, through various reasons. So I don't know, maybe some things are good, but we're also trying to cover up and end some of the horrible policies like open borders, where as you know, millions and millions of people came into our country and many of them shouldn't be here.

And you know that's going to be a long-term project. We're doing very well with it. We're getting a lot of them out, but it's a tough project. They gave us a very, very tough hand. But it's working and we're doing really well, and the country is doing really well. We're the most talked about country in the world.

We're respected again. We were laughed at. A year ago, we were laughed at. Now we're the hottest country in the world. So we'll -- we'll see what happens, but I'm very disappointed in President Putin. I can say that. And we'll be doing something to help people live. You know, it's not the question of Ukraine, it's help people live. 7,000 people are dying every single week, soldiers mostly, but 7,000 people.

And if I can help to stop that, I think I have an obligation to do it.

Yeah. I'm not concerned at all. Nope, I'm not at all. We have the strongest military in the world by far and they would never use their military on us, believe me. That would be the worst thing that could ever do.

Well, I'm not going to be thinking about -- you know, because it's only bad answers. It will be a disaster if that is lost for our country. Our country will be weak, pathetic and not -- not rich. It will be -- you know, I've put us in a position -- even negotiating, I negotiated seven peace deals because I was able to use tariffs.

Without tariffs, many of those deals, half of those deals, I wouldn't have been able to do. It gives us tremendous negotiating power. It gives us tremendous economic power. And it's the same exact thing that they've done to us for 30 years, and they're still doing it. If that decision would be lost, it would be an economic disaster for the United States.

The United States will be the richest country. If we lose that decision, we'll be one of the very poor countries.

And possibly, a judge -- that's a tremendous -- and the writing is plain. We're entitled to it. This was a group of liberal -- in fact, one of them, an Obama judge went on a -- you know, it was a seven to four decision. One of them was a far-left Obama judge, Obama-appointed judge who voted for us. We even had that.

This was a very liberal court. We knew we would get a very, very hard trial at that court. And you know, we were surprised we got four votes. Now, to be honest, it's -- it's -- we should get -- based on the law, we should have gotten all 11 votes, but these people will vote against -- they don't care about the country.

They don't love the country. They don't care about the country. They want it to do badly. But if we don't win that decision in the Supreme Court, it will be an economic disaster for America.

Yeah, it's the single most powerful word in the world. And everyone else uses them on us. And we're not allowed because of some people that -- some radical left people. We have the right to do this. I have the right as president to do it. It's an economic emergency. And if I don't do it and if we don't get it -- if we don't win that -- if we don't win that decision, you'll see a reverberation like maybe you've never seen before.

That's how bad it will be. We are so strong now and we are so respected, and this decision is the only thing -- the stock market's down today because of the possibility that's going to happen. If we win this, the stock market's going to go right through the roof because we'll find -- this has been hanging over us for a year, literally, this decision, even before, because we knew it was filed.

And you know who files it, foreign companies are filing it.

Foreign companies. They're not American companies, they're foreign companies because they want to take away, you know, what we have. Because we were a lapdog for the whole world and foreign interests are against -- foreign interests are involved with this lawsuit. They're the ones. Good, American companies, they're pouring into our country.

You know, Scott, I don't know if you've seen, we have more investment close to $17 trillion of investment coming into our country. We never had anything -- we never had one-tenth of that.

And now its all coming in. And this decision is an overhang. Let me tell you something. Until this decision -- it's an emergency. We're going in as an emergency. We'll be probably doing it tomorrow for an emergency meeting because this decision -- you see the stock market. This decision is an emergency. Without tariffs, we have an entirely different country.

We'll be an entirely different country. And on top of it, they'll have their tariffs and they'll be able to use them and we won't.

Much weaker hand. Oh, no, we won't. We will lose tremendous. Without the tariffs -- you heard it was always my favorite word. Without the tariffs, we are a different country entirely. We will be abused by other countries. We will be laughed at by other countries and we have to get this decision now. These radical left lunatics that made this decision in court, they should be ashamed of themselves.

You know, I actually thought I was one of the few because they know these courts. They know these judges. I was very impressed with the Obama judge that voted for us. I think he's a man of great courage, actually. I don't know him, but I think he's a man of great courage. Think of it. We had an Obama judge, strong Obama judge vote for us, one of the four and we had three Republicans.

So you know, but think of that, that's a big statement, but it shouldn't be that way. We should have had a unanimous vote because this will -- this will destroy our country.

We have to be able to fight on a fair term. They have tariffs against US. China kills us with tariffs. India kills us with tariffs. Brazil kills us with -- now that I know how to -- but I've understood tariffs better than they did. I understood tariffs better than any human being in the world, OK? And now with my tariffs, they were all dropping them.

India was the most highly tariffed nation in the country and you know what, they've offered me no tariffs in India anymore, no tariffs. If I didn't have tariffs, they would never make that offer. They would never make that offer. So you have to have -- you have to have tariffs. We're going to be economically strong.

We're so strong right now, but there's a pall over the country waiting for the Supreme Court. If the Supreme Court, for any reason -- and they shouldn't because the language is clear, and also, the facts are clear. If we don't have it, we're not going to have a country. We're going to be in very, very serious financial trouble.

You know, we're taking in $17 trillion. Every inch of that money is because of tariffs, $17 trillion. Nobody else. This nation has never taken in one-tenth of that. We're taking in $17 trillion. They're coming -- like, if we don't have tariffs, those same big plants that we have, they're going to be built in other countries.

It's a pretty bad statement. And when the stock market goes down, it's going down because of the, you know, uncertainty. We have a court case. And again, we have a court case sponsored by other nations because they're taking advantage of us and they want to keep taking, and they're not going to take advantage anymore.

Look at the deal I signed with the European Union, the deal I signed with Japan, the deal I can sign with India. It's a different world from what we were doing. We're rich again. But if we lose the power of tariffs and -- and that means -- that's not only the money that comes in, it's the power to negotiate.

Because I can say, if you do that, then I'm going to charge you tariffs on that.

No. No, but it does psychologically -- the answer is no, because the court ruled that I -- that the tariffs will continue until the Supreme Court makes it -- essentially until the Supreme Court makes its decision. They didn't stop it. In other words, they said, we will, you know, give you the stupid ruling, but it won't go into effect, because essentially, they ended tariffs.

It will not go into effect until the Supreme Court makes their decision.

Yeah. Yeah.

Yeah. Thune is a good man and Mike Johnson is a good man and they're going to do things that are very good, actually, I think on that. We're going to -- we're -- look, we're coming back. We have Democrats that will vote against everything, unanimous. The one thing they do is they stick together. That's the one thing, Scott.

They stick together on bad crime. I mean, they are all fighting for criminals, just like they fought for transgender for everybody, just like they fought for open borders, just like they fought for men in women's sports, just like they fought for all these crazy things. These people are crazy.

You look at their bench. They have Crockett. How about Crockett?

I watched her the other day. That can't be serious. I mean, it can't be serious. But look at Crockett, look at some of the people they have.

I watched Maxine Waters on television yesterday. She's an insult to intelligence. I mean, she's -- she's a -- she's terrible.

They're just terrible people. They don't have a bench. AOC, she speaks like a mouse. She's a little mouse. You know, that's why you don't hear her speaking very much. So I think when she gets exposed, she'll be known as of average. You know, her -- she's the one that actually started a lot of this.

Pritzker is -- is losing 10 people a week. Every weekend, he's losing 10 people with 30 or 40 or 50 people shot. It's not even believable. And I said in front of this foreign leader, I'm pleased to announce that there were no murders in Washington this week, and that's something that hasn't happened in nine years.

And I said, so this is a really great thing. He looked at me like I'm crazy, like, what kind of country is this? You know, I was sort of embarrassed when I said it, there were -- there were  -- like this is a great achievement. And he comes from a country where they don't have, like, murders. You know, it's like, they're civilized people, but they come from a country where they don't have a problem.

And when I said -- he -- first thing he did when the news conference ended, he said, do you really have murders every week? I said, yes, we do. We have cities where we have many murders every week because we have weak liberal laws that have allowed this to happen. You know, they've allowed this to happen.

So we're stopping it. And Chicago's a mess and we have a governor that doesn't have a clue. They threw him out of the family business because he didn't have a clue. And now he's running a state. And the mayor is worse than him. I mean, this mayor is a very low IQ person. They're all low IQ, I think. I think anybody believes in what they believe is low IQ in their own way.

In one way -- in one way, they may be genius, but in the important way they're low IQ.

Well, I don't want to mention when, but it's going to be happening there. It's going to be happening elsewhere too. You know, if I didn't go into Los Angeles, we have a weak, very weak governor there, very pathetic. I had to deal with him when I was president. He's a weak guy.

They've tried to indict me and impeach me. They're sick. They're sick people and they're dishonest people and they don't want to have -- as an example, crime. You know, you have this slob, Pritzker, he's a governor of Illinois. So Chicago, Illinois, is there and it's got -- last night, they had like 10, 12 murders.

They had 44 people shot. The week -- the weekend before, they had seven murders and 24 people shot. The week before that, they had six murders and 28 people shot. And he's trying to say that there's no problem with crime. It's a joke -- these are sick people.

You have to have respect for law enforcement. You have to have respect for law enforcement. Law enforcement has to be respected and they will be and they are going to be. They're great people. They want to do the right thing. You see what happened in D.C. In 12 days, I took a horrible, horrible, dangerous place where people were being routinely mugged and beat up and killed and shot.

I mean, I had one of my people shot in the face because they wanted his car. He said, I'd like to keep my car and they said you're not going to keep it and they shot him in the face, and just animals and you can't have that. So you have to have great law enforcement and you have to be proud of them. You have to take care of them.