Thank you very much, Vince.

Thank you.

Wow.

I've been watching -- I've been watching your rise. I'm not surprised at all.

It's very good.

That's right.

Well, we wanted him and we thought he might do it, but he had to get somebody very, very good to take his place. That's very hard. Then I heard it was you, and I said, "I think we're getting Dan." You know, that would be great. So, we got two for one because you're doing great.

Yeah.

It is. It really is. I mean, it's been very smooth. I would say probably as smooth as we've seen. They have polls that rate them. They -- they rated me the best first and second month in the history of the presidency. George -- George Washington was second. So, you'd say that's pretty good. I would say, yeah.

I mean, I think it's -- it's very different. It's -- it seems to be more solid. First term, I was fighting everybody, Vince, everybody. You know that. And I was fighting -- well, I was fighting them good, but it was very unnecessary. They were doing the Russia hoax. They were doing a lot of things. They were very bad.

And this time, they're with me. People are with me at a level like I think you have never seen, nobody has seen. It's been very good.

Actually, very, very good.

Yeah.

Well, they're very different personalities. JD is more outward-going. That's not to knock the other, but he's certainly more outward-going. He's a younger guy. He's got a lot of oomph. And he's doing a great job. I was -- I was very happy with Mike. Different type of person, but I was very happy with Mike Pence.

So --

To let them know that we need Greenland for international safety and security. We need it. We have to have it. And it's a island that, from a defensive posture and even offensive posture, is something we need, especially with the world the way it is. And we're going to have to have it. And so, I hate to put it that way, but we're going to have to have it. Modern-day weapons.

When you look at ships going up their shore by the -- you know, by the hundreds, it's a busy -- it's a busy -- it's a busy place, and it's really something we have to have.

I don't know. I don't think they're un-eager, but I think that we have to do it and we have to convince them.

And we have to have that land because it's not possible to properly defend a large section of this earth, not the -- not just the United States, without it. So, we have to have it, and I think we will have it.

Well, I think they have to, otherwise we'll hold back funds. And we did a lot of things yesterday having to do with elections, and that's long overdue.

And elections have been rigged at a level like you've never seen before. You know that. You -- I think you're a believer in that. But anybody smart is a believer in that. But they've been rigged at levels that nobody has ever seen before, and it's time to unrig them. You can't have that. And you certainly can't have it in this country.

Absolutely.

So many different ways.

They -- they don't do as per the legislature. They're -- but they would -- they're also just ballot drops, OK? You know, we get into lots of ways, but they ballot drop. They cheat like hell. The Democrats cheat. Republicans don't cheat. Sort of a very easy thing to say. And they can't defend themselves. And we're having a lot of it when we go after law firms.

The law firms are being gone after very much, and they -- they virtually admit that they cheated. You know, we have them in a very strong position. But it's -- it's -- there's been a lot of cheating going on. And the people --

Have never -- people have never seen anything like it, and we have to stop it.

Right.

I think they're going to learn how corrupt the election was. That was a very corrupt election. That was -- you're talking about the second election, I assume. That was an election that I won. I won by a lot. And you're going to find that out. The documents are there. The numbers are there. We won that by a lot.

We won three elections. And we did very well in the second one. Now, the third one, we blew it away. The third one, we said, "too big to rig," and it was too big to rig. But that second election, you know, it was the COVID nightmare and a lot of that had to play, but that was a rigged election, totally rigged.

Well, I think it's a shame, the -- the ones on Elon, because Elon has done a fantastic job here, and I think it's a shame. And yeah, I'm concerned about it, but we're doing a lot about it. We have -- we have law enforcement looking at levels like you wouldn't believe with finding people. And if people are involved, they're going to go to jail for potentially 20 years.

They better get -- they better get smart. They're not going to be happy.

Right.

Yeah.

Right. It's not smart. And even smart people get caught because you probably have some -- you probably have some smart ones, too.

But it is not a smart crew, I would agree.

I think it's right. I've heard that. I don't know for a fact, but they sound like typical -- typical guys that do it. They're bad people. And I would say, yeah, they're right. I would say if Elon says it, I would go along with it.

Yeah.

It is bizarre, and he's a, you know, sleazebag about at the highest level.

His magazine is failing. It's going to be out of business soon, in my opinion. It's been -- it's really -- it's too bad we gave it a little boost like this. But somebody in my group either screwed up or it's a bad Signal. You know, it's a bad Signal. It happens, too. But it seems to be maybe came in with a staffer, and it was by accident from what we could tell.

We'll know pretty much today, I think. But we have some pretty good guys checking out the phones. But it's something that is not a big deal other than you want to find out who did it and how they did it because you don't want it to happen, you know, in the future. You can't have that happen. But I've -- I've known him for a long time, and he is truly a -- he is truly a sleazeball.

There's no question about it.

No. And there weren't details, and there was nothing in there that compromised. And it had no impact on the attack, which was very successful. It was a very, very successful attack. And it's an attack that Biden should have done three years ago, but he didn't do it because it would have been a lot easier three years ago.

But we're having very good luck on the attack. It's a -- it's an attack that has continued.

But the thing like that, maybe Goldberg found a way, maybe there's a staffer -- maybe there's a very innocent staffer. But we'll get -- I think we'll get to the bottom of it very quickly, and it's -- it's really not a big deal.

I think I'm hopeful everywhere, everywhere we're working. We're making tremendous progress in the Middle East. October 7th was a bad day, to put it mildly, and a lot of people were killed.

And they shouldn't have been killed. But we're making great strides in the Middle East, and we're making great strides with Russia-Ukraine.

Well, nobody knows. You know, they don't have a leader. They have a girl named Crockett, who is -- there's something wrong with her. She can't speak.

She can't speak. She can't get the words out of her mouth. She's a -- I can't see her going very far in politics.

That would be a shocker. That would be a --

That would be a shock to the system. You have some young ones. You have AOC plus three. I guess they're hanging around. And, you know, people are waiting to make their moves, I would imagine, like in the Democrat Party. But we have a party where we do have a leader, so strong leader, very strong.

Well, it's a lie, and she -- she lies. But she's a lowlife. And she's a very low-IQ person and a lowlife. And I don't imagine the Democrats are going to have a person like that running their party. If they do, they'll never win an election again. It would be very --

It would be very hard. But I can't imagine she's going to last long. She's not --

You know --

To be smart, you do need a brain, you know.

You -- you can't get around with little quips. And she's -- I've watched her. I've only -- I've only heard her for the last couple of days, and I watched her make a speech, and she can't speak. And she's a -- she truly is a low-level person on the very important chart of intelligence.

And really, it's nice to have intelligent people running your operation.

At first, I thought she was a comedian. I couldn't believe she was a congressman or whatever she is. No, I thought she was a comedian.

And she was sort of a little bit -- a little bit funny but crude. And now, I find out she's actually a politician. Well, the Democrats are going to suffer with this one.

No, she's a dream.

She's a dream.

Well, good. We're going to do it. And good luck, and you're replacing a man, maybe he'll be back there someday. But when I heard you got the job, I said they could not have done better because you are terrific and you're going to have a great career anyway. So, whether you'll be there or someplace else, Vince, you're going to have a great career.

Thank you very much. Thank you.