Good morning. That's quite a crew. That's quite a crew.

Well, I think really they have respect for our country again. A year ago they wouldn't have come, they wouldn't have even thought about it. Now, we've become the hottest country anywhere in the world. Everybody wants to be here. When I made the call, they came and they said there's really never been anything like it. You know, you'd have one president or one prime minister, but there's never been, um, you know, such a group.

And these really represent, uh, the European nations, these people, and they're very good people and they want to end the war, that horrible war with Ukraine and Russia. It's a horrible war.

No, I thought I'd do, uh, first let him -- Let them meet. You know, they haven't been exactly best friends. They haven't gotten along very well. And I called President Putin yesterday, and I do have a good relationship, but it, you know, only matters if we get things done. Otherwise, I don't care about the relationship.

I do have a good relationship with him, but I want to get things done. You know, I've gotten -- I've solved seven wars. We ended seven wars. I thought this would be one of the easier ones and this has turned out to be the toughest one. India, Pakistan, I mean, we -- These were big ones and, uh, also all big ones and some going for 31, 32 years, one for 35 years.

The Congo, think of that, the Congo and Rwanda for 35 years, I got that one done. I got 'em all done, but this one is the one that is the most difficult and I thought it would be an easy one. So I hope President Putin is gonna be good, and if he's not, it's gonna be a rough situation. And I hope, uh, that Zelenskyy -- President Zelenskyy will do what he has to do. He has -- he has to show some flexibility also.

The thing is a mess. This was started by Joe Biden. This was a war that should've never happened. Millions of people are dead, the country's blown to pieces, Ukraine. And it's a -- it's a shame. You know, my wife wrote -- Melania wrote that beautiful, uh, note to President Putin about children. The children are devastated, they're taken away from their homes, the whole thing.

And this is a war that would've never, ever, ever happened if we had a president, a real president.

Well, I think the fact that maybe they're getting along a little bit better than I thought. Otherwise, I wouldn't have set up the two meeting, I would've set up a three, a trilat. But, uh, I think they're doing a little bit better. There's been tremendous bad blood. And again, this was all worked out by an administration that didn't have a clue.

And if you remember, they said, "Well, if you made a minor incursion, that would be okay."  That was -- that was the end, the whole thing when Biden made that statement. But minor incursion, what does that mean? So, uh, I think they're doing okay. I wouldn't say they are ever gonna be best friends, but they're doing okay.

And we're just gonna see, so we're setting up a meeting. I sort of set it up with Putin and Zelenskyy and you know, they're the ones that have to call the shots. We're -- we're 7,000 miles away in all fairness. You know, we have -- We've spent through the previous administration $350 billion. Europe has spent a lot also, 100 billion, but it should be reversed if we should have been in for anything, but it wouldn't have happened.

So that would've been --

-- much better 'cause so many people died. This is the biggest -- this is the biggest, uh, bad situation since World War II. There's been nothing even close.

Well, the war really started over NATO and Crimea, and they wanted Crimea back, that was given. Not a shot fired by President Obama in perhaps the worst real estate deal I've ever seen. I've, there's been a couple of them. I would say the Gaza Strip was a pretty bad one too, given by Israel, so they'd have peace.

So they gave away a big percentage of their oceanfront property in order to have peace. How did that work out? Not so good.

And, uh, Crimea is the apple of, of Ukraine. I mean, it's so beautiful. And, uh, Obama gave it away. Nobody ever mentions that. If I ever did that, the fake news would be, uh, they would be writing about me day and night for years. He gave it away. He demanded they, that they let it go, and Russia came in and took it. Uh, just took it like from a candy from a baby.

It was really Obama's -- Uh, not really. I mean, that was, pure and simple, Obama's fault. What a terrible thing he did to that country. And so they lost their heart. They lost the, the heart and soul of the Ukraine 14 years ago, whatever it might be, and, uh, it was so unnecessary to do that. And that's when it really began, when Obama gave it away.

And then, uh, you had a lot of other events, but you have, you know, tremendous hostility. The people of Ukraine were mortified when that took place. That really began a lot of hatred when they gave it, and they didn't have to. Not a shot was fired. They, they just took over the most, the most valuable piece and the biggest piece in a sense of, but, and surrounded on four sides by ocean.

Just a little passage to get you back onto the mainland. The most beautiful piece of property you've ever seen. As a real estate developer, I, I look at it. I said, "Why the heck did he do that to them?"

And so there's, uh, there's great hostility and, uh, maybe rightfully so. But one thing was NATO, they, they went in, they said, "We want you -- You know, we wanna get Crimea back." This was at the beginning. Now Putin, in all fairness to him, he made a good deal. He got it from Obama, but they said, "We want it back." And that was not exactly well received, because it was like 12 years before.

That's where Russia has its submarine base. And, you know, that's been there long before Putin, you know, they've been there for a long time, but long before Putin. And the other thing, uh, they said is, "We want to be a member of NATO." Well, both of those things are impossible because, again, long before Putin, it was a no-no by Russia or the Soviet Union or anything you wanna call it. Uh, sort of a similar thing as it gets larger, but, uh, very similar.

But it was, it was always a no-no. You could not -- Russia said, "We don't want, uh, the so-called opponent or the enemy." Let's use that term. "We don't want 'em on our border." And they were right. They were okay. And, yet, uh, they went in and they asked with the United States, they said, "Put us into NATO." And everybody knew you can't, you just can't do that.

They, they would never have agreed to it. This is before Putin. This is long before Putin. This was a -- It was just a no-no. It was something that was never going to happen. So they asked for it and they shouldn't have asked for it, 'cause it was, you know, very insulting thing to -- Now, they could have asked for many other things, but the other thing they wanted to do is, is getting Crimea back.

And, you know, that was given. Uh, they had built -- Uh, they, they were expanding everything and spending a lot of money, all because Barack Hussein Obama gave it away and one of the dumbest real estate deals I've ever seen.

No, no. That's why we're not -- So, they're not gonna be a part of NATO, but we've got the European nations and they'll front-load it and they'll have some of them, France, and Germany, a couple of them, uh, UK, they wanna have, uh, you know, boots on the ground. Not in, not in -- I don't think it's gonna be a problem, to be honest with you.

I think, I think Putin is tired of it. I think they're all tired of it, but you never know. We're gonna find out about President Putin in the next couple of weeks, that I can tell you, and we're gonna see, uh, where it all goes. Uh --

-- it's possible that he doesn't wanna make a deal. I always said, you know, you interviewed me, Lawrence, and I think Charlie also. Do you know Lawrence, I hate to tell you, Charlie was about the first person --  -- in the world to endorse me. He endorsed me about a year before I ran.  And that's why I always -- He called me this morning. "Sir, would you do an interview?"  And unlike Biden, I don't need permission from my staff.

Okay? You know --  -- and then only to be told that I'm not doing it. But Charlie endorsed me about a year before, I think. And he puts it up on his site. You know, it's still -- I checked this. It's still in his site. "I endorsed President Trump before he even ran."  So I always like a guy --

-- like that, I must tell you, you know.

Now Lawrence is gonna be a superstar --

-- but he was a little later to the game  you know --

-- if I dare to say, Lawrence.

It's pretty crowded.

Well, you have my assurance and I'm president and I'm, I'm just trying to stop people from being killed, Charlie. Look, they're losing from five to 7,000 people a week in that ridiculous war that should have never happened. If we had a normal pre- -- not even a great president. If we had a normal president, that wouldn't have happened.

But we had a, a guy that didn't have a clue. And they're losing, think of it, five to 7,000 a week. So even these guys, they'll say, "Okay, let's meet next week." I said, "You can't meet next week. Next week, you're gonna have 7,000 more dead people. You can't do that. You gotta get this thing done." One of the things at the table was one of the gentlemen who's a great guy, but he said, uh, I sa- -- I, I hope I didn't insult him.

I, he said, "Well, let's meet in another month or two and let's see if we can start, uh, you know, making some, what -- " I said, "A month or two, you're gonna have another 40,000 people dead in a month or two. You have to do it tonight." And I did actually. I called, uh, President Putin and we're trying to work out a meeting with, uh, President Zelenskyy.

We'll see what happens there. And then if that works out, if it works out, then I'll go to the trilat and close it up.

Yeah.

Well, they understand. Look, they, everybody can play cute and this and that, but, you know, Ukraine's gonna get their life back. They're gonna stop having people killed all over the place and they're gonna get a lot of land. But this was a, uh, a war, and Russia is a powerful military nation. You know, whether people like it or not, it's a powerful nation.

It's a much bigger nation. It's not a war that should have been started. You don't do that. You don't take, you don't take on a nation that's 10 times your size and, you know, military experts, look, look, if it wasn't for the greatest military equipment, we make the greatest military equipment in the world, and we gave them --

-- you know, whatever. They took probably a lot of money too. But, uh, they, uh, they had tremendous, you know, they had the Patriot missile, which is the best in the world. All the equipment, w- -- we make the best equipment in the world, by far. Everyone else is like nothing. So we gave them a lot of equipment.

Now with that said, the Ukrainian soldiers were brave as hell --

-- 'cause it's fighting a force that's much, much bigger --

-- and in theory, much more powerful.

And you know, it's not like they've stopped. If you, I -- I assume you've all seen the map. You know --

-- a big chunk of territory is taken and that territory has been taken. Now they're talking about Donbas, but Donbas right now, as you know, is 79% owned and controlled by Russia. So they understand what that means.

Yeah, they are. They, they're very good people, they're very good leaders of their countries, and they wanna get back to leading their country. You know, they're consumed far more with this than we are because they're right there. You know, we have an ocean that's separating us, right? Thing called an ocean, a big o- -- a big, beautiful ocean, and, uh, they don't, you know, they're right there.

So they have to, they have to, you know, it's a different kind of a thing for them. Uh, when it comes to security, they're willing to put people on the ground. We're willing to help them with things, especially, uh, probably if you could talk about by air, because there's nobody has the kind of stuff we have.

Really, they don't have. But I don't think it's gonna be a problem. I think if a deal is made that, you know, famous last words, right? But I think if a deal is made, I think Russia's had it, they've all had it, and for a very extended period of time, I don't think there'll be a problem. But --

-- there'll be some form of security. It can't be NATO because that was a, uh, that's just not something that would ever, ever happen. He couldn't, they couldn't do that.

Who would want that? I mean, if you were Russia, who would want to have your, your enemy, your opponent sitting on your line. You don't do that. So it was always thought that -- that, uh, Ukraine was, uh, sort of a buffer between Russia and the rest of Europe. And it was, it was a big wide buffer. Everything worked out well until Biden got involved, you know, when Biden gave them $100 billion dollars right up front.

I don't give them anything. You know, I don't know if you know it, but since I've been there, we -- we don't pay. First of all, I made a deal to take rare earth. That's the equivalent of much more than the 350 billion that Biden, uh, got away because I felt so foolish. It was so stupid what he did. And I was able to make a deal with Ukraine, and they were very nice.

They have great rare earth among the best in the world, and we took much more than the 350 billion. And they -- they were great about it. So we got that, you know -- you know handled. But now we don't pay any money to Ukraine. They buy through the -- through NATO, because I got NATO to go from 2% to 5%. 2% when they didn't pay, 2% of GDP, 2% when they didn't pay and 5% now they do pay.

So it's trillions of dollars. So what we do is we make, uh, the equipment, the military equipment, and sell it at a full price. We sell it to the NATO. We sell it to NATO and NATO pays us immediately. And that's the way it's working. And then NATO takes it and does what they want with it because they really have the right to do what they want with it. But for the most part, they give it to Ukraine to fight --

So we're not losing. We don't -- we're not like we were with Biden where we are paying --

-- hundreds of billions of dollars out.

We're paying nothing.

Well, I think they expect it. I didn't do it in front of them. I thought that would be disrespectful to President Putin. I -- you know, I wouldn't do that because they have not had the warmest relations. And -- and actually President Putin wouldn't talk to the people from Europe. I mean, that was part of the problem.

He -- he -- they -- they had not communi- --

They had no communication. They had no communication with the White House for year, as people died, years with Biden and -- and his people. No communication. Putin told me years, it was years that he -- that he didn't speak to anybody from the White House. And it was a long time that he didn't speak to anybody from Europe.

No, it's a fractured relationship. And when I came in, I always had, despite the Russia, Russia, Russia hoax, which truly was a very dangerous thing for our country. But despite that, I maintained a very good relationship. I mean, you saw that when he got off his plane, I got off my plane. There's a warmth there that you can't, you know -- There's a -- there's a decent feeling.

And it's a good thing, not a bad thing. People would say, "Oh, that's such a terrible thing." It's not a terrible thing. You know what? We've got the most nuclear weapons in the world.

And the most powerful. He's got second, okay.

Yeah.

I think I sort of knew. I was -- at the end of the meeting, I was gonna call President Putin. And President Putin expected it. And he was there. Now, by the time I called him, it was one o'clock in the morning in Russia. Russia's a big place. You know, they have 11 time zones, I believe.

Nine or 11, but I think it's 11.

Think of it, 11 time zones, that's a lot of time zones. So it was late. It was, uh, like one o'clock in the morning. But he was -- he picked it up very happily. I'm sure he works very hard like we all do. And, uh, we had a very good call and I told him that, uh, we're gonna set up a meeting with President Zelenskyy and you and he will meet.

And then after that meeting, if everything works out okay, I'll wa- -- I'll be -- I'll meet and we'll wrap it up. But, you know, it takes, uh, in this case, two to tango. They have to have somewhat of a relationship, otherwise we're just wasting a lot of time. I don't wanna be doing that for -- I just want to end it. I wanna end it. You know, we're not losing American lives.

We're not losing American soldiers. We're losing Russian and Ukrainian mostly soldiers. Some people as missiles hit wrong spots or get lobbed into cities like Kiev and towns. But, uh, you know, when, if I can save 7,000 people a week from being killed, I think that's a pretty -- I want try and get to heaven, if possible.

I, I'm hearing I'm not doing well. I hear --

I'm really at the bottom of the totem pole.

But if I can get to heaven, this will be one of the reasons. Well, I think I saved a lot of lives with India, Pakistan. They were going at it, they was, the planes were being shot down. That was gonna be maybe a nuclear war if I let that go. And I did that through trade. I was negotiating with both of 'em. I said, "I'm not gonna make a trade deal with you guys." You fight em' until you get peace, and I got 'em on the phone.

I made a, I made a peace deal. And, uh, many, many deals. You know, six, actually seven. And then we took out the nuclear capability from Iran. That was a big one and those pilots and those planes, when people saw -- you know, we had the B-2 fly right over President Putin --  -- as he left this plane  --

And he looked up, he said, "What the hell is that? --

That's a hell of a noise."

They, we didn't make it environmentally friendly. Okay.

If that's okay with you guys?

I purposely didn't. Uh, I, I did not do it purposely. It was given to me sealed. And, uh, I'm sure it would've been fine. But, uh, she gave a letter to Melania, and Melania told me it was absolutely a beautiful letter. So I'm gonna see it, she's sending me a copy. But I gave it to her yesterday sealed. It's nice when you give something sealed.

I don't like when things are open. I don't like it. So anyway --

If you, it, it was a beautiful letter. I'm sure.

Yeah.

All you can do is make sure you get a good president. Not one of these wackos like in California, but it can't, can't, it runs the worst state anybody's seen it at.

Or that that guy in, uh, Illinois, who his family threw him out of the business 'cause he was no good. Now he is running Illinois and he wants to run for pres- -- he's got zero chance. Maybe, maybe Newsom has a little bit of a chance. I don't know. But it's hard to believe, 'cause his record's bad. But what you all you can do is hope you don't get that as president.

We have a great bench as you know, that we have great talent. And JD and Marco and, uh, Scott. Scott, Scott Bessent's been great and Howard have been grea- -- they're all, I mean, we have, uh, such superstars. Remember this, take a look at, uh, take a look at the border. The border was a disaster. Millions of people were pouring through open border.

Within two months, it was perfect. And within now, every week they, every, uh, every month they say zero people, zero people are coming in illegally. We were taking people from prisons all over the world, gang members, insane asylum, mental patients from the worst insane asylums in the world that dopped, uh, dropped in to our, to our place.

So now we have a very secure border, beautiful border. I built hundreds of miles of wall, without that, we couldn't have a --

-- secure border.

Three months.

Three months --

-- in a row.

But now, I'm doing something that I'm having such fun with, because --

-- I'm helping people. I'm -- I've made Washington, DC --

-- a, just an incredible, just an incredible place in, in literally four days. I have friends that say they're going out to dinner. Did you see what's happening with the restaurants? They're --

-- bursting. They were all closing and going bankrupt. I mean, it would be, uh, I mean, it would be great. There's a guy named Sean Hannity.  He might take a very lovely young lady that he knows --  -- very, very well to dinner in Washington, and they don't have to, uh, they don't have to -- And she's sitting right next to you by the way.

I, I, I do --

-- I don't wanna get him in trouble, so I better explain exactly. We don't want any secrets here. But, uh --

-- he's got -- That's the greatest relationship. I hope I'm not breaking any news.

This could be the biggest -- Hey, this could be the most important --

-- thing I said. But let me tell you, those are two great, Ainsley and Sean, great people. And when they go out to dinner, I don't want to see them get mugged.  Now, they can go out. They can hold hands. They can walk down the street. They're both superstars. I wanna know who makes more money --

-- because she's gotta be making a lot.

You know?

Yeah.

They did. We talked about it. You know, it is what it is. I could say the same thing about them. I said, supposing you get a terrible leader in, uh, UK, or France, or, you know. We had, uh, Ursula there, who runs the, uh, who runs the, the whole gamut. You know, we just made the biggest trade deal in the world.

And she was, she's in charge of the commission, the European Commission, and she's the boss. She was there too, was the -- I mean, that was really an incredible array of, of people. But, you know, they say that actually maybe even more with regard to the economy, we have $17 trillion being invested in the United States and committed -- And, and numbers that nobody's ever seen.

For AI plants and for this and for that. And we're taking in trillions and trillions of dollars. That's why we're doing so well. Plants are being built all over the country. Our country has gone from a dead country one year ago. We're the hottest country in the world. And every one of those people said it yesterday.

They said, in six months, you made this the hottest country in the world that we are. We have $17 trillion coming in. And they said, "Well, what happens if you're no longer president, and somebody comes in and cancels the tariffs that we've invested hundreds of billions of dollars on building these plants, and now you have some anti-business person come in?" I said, "Well, life is full of nasty little surprises, but I don't think it's gonna happen." We have a great bench, and the bench is really talented.

You see a lot --

-- of the people, and I think you're gonna get --

-- great people in government.

No, thank you very much, Charles.

And thank you --

Thank you. And Ainsley, thank you. I hope I didn't get you in trouble with Sean.

No --

-- a great couple.

I'll say it. Uh, you know, I like this. It's a great couple. We love them. Have a good time, everybody.

Thank you all very much.