Well, thank you very much. That is some introduction. I want to save that and use it for other people because -- you can't do better than that one. Thank you very much, Sid.

No, I don't think she would know. I don't think too many people -- I don't know if we'd have a country, OK, you want to know the truth. She was horrible. The whole party is horrible. I don't know where they're coming from. I knew Democrats all my life, there was no problem. Now they want the men and women sports, and they want the transgender for everybody and open borders, let everybody's prison fall into our country.

You know, they were emptying the prisons all over the world into our country and we're getting them out. But it's not the easiest chore, I will tell you and just terrible, just terrible. Can you imagine if we would have had to go through that? I don't think the country could have survived it.

Well, when you look at the thing that happened in Charlotte yesterday with that wonderful, beautiful girl to get just hacked up like that by this horrible person. And you just -- you know, you just see the ideology. And you don't even read too much about that one. You don't see it. That was a -- that was just unbelievable.

So, you see what's happening. No, we're going to have law and order. You know, Washington DC is now one of the safest places in the world, OK. It went from being top of the line bad, unsafe, crime riddled, and nobody wanted to go out. Now everybody's going out to eat. It's safe, you call it a safe haven.

It's a safe city. And people are going out, women are walking down the street alone. Nobody's afraid of anything. We got rid of over 1,500 criminals, can you believe it, really bad ones. We're talking about career criminals, but we got rid of almost -- well, hopefully -- almost all of them, but now it's a safe city.

It's great.

Yeah, I think they've lost their minds actually. If you look at Chicago -- Illinois, but if you look at Chicago and you see the governor try and say we've got the crime problem under control. So, as you know, last weekend they lost nine people, murdered. And like 22 that were shot. But over the period of a month and a half or so they lost -- 50 people were murdered.

Think of that. In just a short period of time, like maybe six weeks, 50 people were murdered, like hundreds were shot, and that guy stands there and says we've got crime under control. Crime has them under control. So, it's just -- it's not even believable. And all I'd like to do, be asked, be nice, say, President, we've got a problem.

We've tried; we can't do anything about it. We'll have Chicago up -- you know, it took 12 days to get DC under control and now it's like a little bit more than a month. But it took 12 days to get DC under control. DC was one of the worst in the whole country, OK? DC was as bad as it gets. And think of it, 12 days and now you have like a safe haven.

You know the restaurants are booming in DC right now. The restaurants were all going out of business. The restaurants are booming in DC now. We'll do the same thing for Chicago. It's a bigger version, a bigger city to put it mildly. But we'll do the same thing in Chicago, but ask politely, just say we need help.

And they keep saying they have it under control. They've been saying that for -- every week they lose six, seven, eight people murdered and many people shot.

Yeah, it's not going to happen, and we're going to make our cities safe one way or the other. And at a certain point, we'll just say, I'm sorry, we're going in. Be nice to be asked, but you know, they're all Democrat governors and mayors, just about all of them if you really look. We have a couple of cities too.

But in terms of the really bad stuff, they're all Democrat involved. Incredible and they don't do it, and they don't -- I guess they don't know how to do it. They don't know how to speak. They're afraid of injuring their reputations. But how bad is it when you have -- when you lose 50 or 60 people in a short period of time, murdered?

There's no city -- if you look at Afghanistan, if you go around the world and look at cities that you think are rough, they're nothing compared to what we're talking about here in America. So, we're going to get it fixed. We're going to get it fixed. I said I would, and we'll be picking out some cities. Some cities want us to go in, you understand that.

But -- well, Muriel Bowser is an example. We went in, we fixed her problem. And she's got a political problem. You know, she can't be so effusive, but she really is -- she can't believe what happened. And I think it's making her look very good by the way.

Well, I don't necessarily get it. I know them all and to my face they're nice, really to outside of my face I guess they're not quite as nice. But she treats me very much nicer to my face than she does to the public. But look, I don't get it, you would think they'd want to see a city with almost no crime.

You know, when we can show cities where we do it, where you literally have no crime, they say down 87 percent. But I said really, who are the 13 percent? There is no crime. And when you can do that, you'd think they'd really want that; you'd think that would supersede politics. And it will, I believe it will.

You know what's going to happen, Sid? It's going to get so -- it's going to get worse for these places and they'll be asking for help. They're going to be asking for help because I don't believe a politician can survive with Democrats or Republicans if they're going to have hundreds of people killed a year.

So, you know, I don't know him. I really don't know surprisingly. I can't say. I just can't say. I mean, he's a Republican, I guess, but never had much good to say about me, as I understand it. But I don't know Curtis; I'm sure he'd like me if he got to know me. Ideologically, I mean, one thing we have, I think, in common is that I don't like crime.

I don't like any kind of crime, but I don't like violence and street crime, and I imagine that's what he's all about. But I just don't know him. When you get to the mayor, I mean, the mayor is polling badly. He's a nice guy. I helped him with a problem where Biden's people went after him because of his statement about illegal immigrants are destroying the city.

He was right, he told the truth and they went after him and I helped him out. I didn't know him very well, but I didn't -- I hardly knew him at all, but I helped him out. He was treated very badly. But he's certainly not polling well. And if you go to Cuomo, I thought there was a tremendous surprise. I assumed he was going to win pretty easily, I think almost everybody did and he didn't. Now if you had two people drop out, could somebody win?

The answer is maybe, but even that's going to be a little bit of a long shot, I guess, based on the polls, if you believe polls. I don't necessarily believe polls.

If I believed polls I wouldn't be here.

I have my highest poll numbers that I've ever had right now. I have incredible poll numbers and the highest. And it's an honor. But I think part of it is because of the southern border. So, we have nobody coming through the southern border anymore, and I think that's a big part of it. We're taking in trillions of dollars from foreign countries for investment you're going to see.

So, you're going to see a boom in a few -- in a little -- probably a year, but you're going to see a boom like we've never had. We have no inflation; prices are down on just about everything. Prices are way down on energy. But prices are down for people and we're going to be boomtown; we're going to be boomtown like I don't think any country has ever been.

We're up to almost 17 -- we'll be up very soon to $17 trillion of investment. There's never been -- I don't think there's ever been a country anywhere that has had that kind of investment. So, we're doing well, and the people recognize it.

Well, number one, no, I have not spoken to Eric about that and, again, I don't know him well, he is a Democrat. He hasn't come to us about that. And I guess he's running, I read something in a very good newspaper called The New York Post. It really is a very good -- run by a very talented guy actually. But I read where he has no intention of getting out.

Again, Curtis, I don't know him at all. I don't know him at all. And Cuomo I do know. But I would say this, anybody is better than what you have. We're going to have a communist mayor in New York, how about that one? We're going to end up with a communist mayor. Now if you look at what he said just a year -- go back a year ago and look at what -- he wants to take over the stores.

He wants to take over John's stores. I don't know -- I don't think -- I don't think John's too happy about this. He can't even believe it. But we're going to end up with a communist mayor in New York. Now the good thing is everything comes through the White House, so he's not going to be able to do what he'd probably like to do. But it's inconceivable.

If you would have told me even five years ago, two years ago that we'd end up with a communist winning. I assumed that Cuomo was going to win the nomination, when you get the nomination, you get the election pretty much in New York. So, I assumed that was going to happen. I think there was a pretty big upset.

Wouldn't you say that was a -- did you view that? When you saw that happen, that was shocking at the time, right?

Remember this, when these communists come along and they say we're going to give you free rent, we're going to give you free food, we're going to give you free everything. You'll never have to work again in your life. Let me tell you, it's not easy to beat guys like that because some people say I want free rent even though it's not going to happen.

I want free food even though it's not going to happen. Everybody's going to end up starving, that's what happens. And it's been tested over thousands of years. You know, his philosophy is not so different, whether you call it communist or anything else you want to call it. It's been tested over thousands of years and over thousands of years it's never worked once, not one time.

But you know, when you run against a guy that says I'm going to give you free rent, free this, free that, free gasoline, you'll never have to pay for your groceries again. Now he doesn't really believe it. He might think he believes it actually, but it's not going to happen. You know what? It's damn tough to beat a guy like that.

I tell you I'd be a great candidate if I had that viewpoint -- I'm going to give you free this, I'm going to give you free that, everything's going to be free. I'll guarantee I'd get 50 percent of the people to run out and vote for me. It's not that easy to beat.

Yeah, it's true. We've had some terrible, terrible judges. We've had some -- well, I had some with Letitia James. I had the one with the daughter getting a fortune. I had some horrible, horrible judges, but we had Letitia James turned around in the Appellate Division and the appellate courts, but what judges and what horrible people we have.

She's horrible, the people that we have in that -- you know, being a prosecutor is really a very sacred thing to do it right, to have a great prosecutor. We had one in Bob Morgenthau. I think he was a great man in so many different ways, a total professional. I don't know if you knew him. I knew him pretty well.

But Bob Morgenthau was a real professional. Being a real prosecutor, a fair prosecutor is a very cherished thing, but we don't have a lot of that and it's a very -- it's very bad, very dangerous, very dangerous.

Well, I gave the message yesterday very strongly. You've got to give back our 20 hostages. You know, I got most of the hostages back. Now some are dead, we probably have 30 that are dead, and those parents want them back just like they were alive. I speak to the parents, and they want them back. They want them back.

It's amazing how -- you know, they have at least I guess 30 that are dead, can you believe it? That's part of the negotiation, getting the dead children back of -- mostly children of the people that have been crying for so long. This is just a horror show. But there's about 20 that are living, we think. It could be less because some of them could die.

And you know, young people don't die, they don't die, right. Young people, they live, they don't die. And all of a sudden you find out that we had -- at one point we had like 56 and we found out that it was 49 people died. It's a rough deal that's going on. But we have supposedly 20 and, you know, numerous dead.

And I told them yesterday, get them back. We don't want two and we're going to do another one. You know, we've done that for the last year. We want them back. We want all of them back and I left a pretty rough message. I won't say it now, but I left a rough message for them.

She's doing a good job.

That's right. I love her.

I don't know. So, I actually did seven. I've solved seven wars, almost all of them were unsolvable, some were going on for over 30 years. They had a 31, a 30, and a 35-year war and I got them all solved, seven all together. You said six, I appreciate that. But so, I said the easiest one of all is going to be Putin because, you know, I got along with him great, no problem.

But it seems that every time I think we're close, he goes and drops another bomb on somebody and it's just no good. It's no good. I'm very surprised. Actually, I'm very surprised. I thought this was going to be the easiest one, Russia, Ukraine. I said this one's going to go pretty quickly, but it's complicated.

There's a lot of hatred between him and Zelenskyy, as you know, a lot of hatred, it's a lot of bad blood and it's a lot of -- a lot of blood has been spilled. You know, they're losing from 5,000 to 7,000 people every week, mostly soldiers. But 5,000 to 7,000 people. Some bombings, as you know. But can you imagine that?

5,000 to 7,000 young people every single week like clockwork? And I'm going to get it ended, but I thought it would have -- I thought this would have been the easiest of the group. I mean I got things done that nobody thought could be possible to get done, wars, seven, and I'm proud of it. But I thought this was going to be the easiest one and it's obviously not turned out to be, but we're going to get it done.

Well, just keep it going. I mean, this is a very, very big development, the fact that we have somebody coming in with this ideology, That's a big, big and very bad development for New York. You'll have people leaving. You have a lot of people with money or controlling money that are going to leave. It's a tremendously negative thing for the city.

But you know, New York has always found a way to survive. You know, I announced, and I know he's a friend of yours, Rudy Giuliani, we gave him the Presidential Medal of Freedom, which is a big deal, big deal.

It's the highest civilian award. It's sort of the civilian equivalent to the Medal of Honor. And we're giving -- because Rudy suffered, they made him suffer. And he was the greatest mayor we've ever had and it was such an honor. But if you look back, and you know, New York has always been it's down, it's never going to come back and it comes back.

And I think I think it will come back and I'm going to be helping it from Washington. And it's a big deal.

Right, so great.

Well, you know what, I'm going to have almost three and a half years and that's a long time and we can get things solved. We can get almost, I think, everything -- I think everything is solved in that period of time. And you and I will be talking a lot, and we've been talking for a long time, you and I. I've watched you grow.

Your show is phenomenal. You're like the number one rated show in New York. It's incredible how you've done. I'm proud of you.

I talked to you long before you were number one, right? I talked to you when you were struggling and now you're the number one show. I mean, think of that. So, you know, but I appreciate what you're saying. Those are two very good guys by the way, and something good will happen. But the big thing is in three and a half years, we're going to have it, we're going to have the whole thing solved.

We're going to hopefully be in a great position. We took over a mess. We took over inflation, open borders, millions of people from jails and prisons and drug dealers and everything that we took over. And Tom Homan is doing like unbelievably well. And you know, the whole group is -- Homeland Security. What they've done is incredible in a short period of time.

You know, the border is totally sealed now. Remember Biden said, no, I have to get an act of Congress. I didn't get an act of Congress. I said seal the border. They've done a fantastic job. So, we're going to get things done and hopefully at the end of three and a half years everything is going to be complete, and you'll be happy.

You'll be happy. We have a good team, a really good team.

Yeah, I know it. I know it.

Thank you very much, Sid. You're really an amazing guy and I appreciate it and I'll see you soon.