Thank you very much.

Thank you.

Well, you know, I always had a great relationship with President Putin, and we would have done great things together in terms of -- you know, their land is incredible. Their -- the rare earth, the oil, gas, everything, it's incredible. It's the largest piece of land in the world as a nation by far. I think they have 11 time zones if you can believe it. That's big stuff.

But we would have done a lot of great things, but we had the Russia, Russia, Russia hoax, which stopped us from doing that. We would have had -- we would have done so great, but we had the greatest -- one of the great hoaxes. I mean, there were others like the election itself, as you know, as you covered better than anyone, but it was a rigged election and a horrible thing that took place in 2020. But we would have had a great relationship, but we did amazingly well considering -- you know, he would look and see what happened.

He would think we're crazy, you know, with the made-up Russia, Russia, Russia hoax. We had something very important, and we had a very good meeting today, but we'll see. I mean, it's, you know, you have to get a deal. We agreed on a lot of points. I want to see people stop dying in Ukraine and that's what's happening.

We're losing 5,000, 6,000, 7,000. They're Russians, mostly Russians, and they're Ukrainian soldiers. There's some people dying in cities and towns where they're trying to blow up missile manufacturers and other things in some cities. I don't know if you know what's going on there, but there are a lot of people dying.

And if we can end that war, it would be very good. And I was very happy to hear him say, if I was president, that war would have never happened.

It did. It doesn't matter at this point, but that this war should never have happened. You know, a lot of wars should never have happened. There was stupid things go down and the wrong people are talking. But Biden was a terrible president in so many ways. He should have never let it happen, and it did. There are millions of people killed.

I mean, it's the worst thing since I see all -- everyone saying worst since World War II by far. There's nothing even close. But we had a very good meeting today and I think a lot of points were negotiated on behalf of Ukraine and on behalf of, you know, the whole NATO situation where we're dealing very well with a lot of foreign countries that are great, European countries.

So, look, as far as I'm concerned there's no deal until there's a deal, but we did make a lot of progress.

Yeah.

Well --

Let me examine it.

That's it. I would say that's it. Yep.

Yeah, I did. And I did actually after our speeches. He made a very good speech, and I also finished it up and afterwards we spoke right after that. We spoke very sincerely. I think he wants to see it done.

No, I'd rather not. I guess somebody's going to go public with it. They'll figure it out. But no, I don't want to do that. I want to see if we can get it done. You know, it's still -- it's not a done deal at all.

And Ukraine has to agree. I mean, you know, President Zelenskyy has to agree, but it's a terrible war where he's losing a lot and both of them are. And hopefully, it can get completed. That'll be a great achievement for them. Forget about me -- for them. And you'll save 7,000 lives a week. That's a lot.

Even through the phone, you know --

It's not the same thing when you're on a telephone. It's not the same thing either. This was -- I mean, we were together almost three hours and it was very extensive and we agreed on a lot of points. I mean, a lot of points were agreed on, but there's not that much. There's, you know, one or two pretty significant items, but I think they can be reached.

Now, it's really up to President Zelenskyy to get it done. And I would also say the European nations, they have to get involved a little bit, but it's up to President Zelenskyy. I think we are and if they'd like, I'll be at that next meeting. They're going to set up a meeting now between President Zelenskyy and President Putin and myself, I guess.

You know, I didn't even -- I didn't ask you about it. Not that I want to be there, but I want to make sure it gets done and we have a pretty good chance of getting it done.

So, I think the meeting was a 10 in the sense that we got along great. And it's good when, you know, two big powers get along, especially when they're nuclear powers. You know, we're number one. They're number two in the world. And it's a big deal. That's a big deal. You never want to even mention that word, the word nuclear, but we have a tremendous nuclear, you know, I rebuilt it when I was president, first term, and I hated to rebuild it. It was the one thing -- I hated to rebuild, but we had to. And we have the greatest nuclear force.

We have the greatest military in the world, actually. And they have a big nuclear presence also.

You always have to respect it. You never want to use it. If you use that, it could be the end of the world. That's how -- that's the kind of power we're talking about.

NATO is now paying 5 percent as opposed to 2 percent and they're paying it. And you know, look, it's headed by -- as you know, Mark. You know Mark very well, he's great guy and great people. The leaders, I got to know them very well about six weeks ago, and great relationship with NATO, European nations basically but a great relationship.

I don't want to say anything brought him to -- he's a very smart guy. Nothing brought him to the table, so to speak. I think that he respects our country now. He didn't respect it under Biden. I can tell you that. He had no respect for it. I was so happy when he said this would have never happened. This -- all those lives would be saved if they had a competent -- if we had a competent president.

Those lives would have been saved. It's so -- it's so sad. You know, I've negotiated five wars to their end. And wars that were tough, India and Pakistan.

I did. I didn't want to include the decimation of the nuclear arsenal in because it -- I don't consider it necessarily, you know, conclusive. But we did something amazing because for 22 years, no president was willing to do it. We decimated the nuclear capability, potential nuclear capability, which I think would have taken place within a month of Iran.

And that was a big thing.

Yeah, he did. But I know the reason. And it's a gross incompetence. I mean, we have a border that's totally closed now, and people come in, but they come in legally. But we had zero, as you know, the first time you heard it was three months ago, but we've done it now three times in a row. Zero people coming in illegally.

We have many things that are going well now. Our economy is great. We don't have inflation. The price of energy is down. The price of groceries are down. The price of everything is down. People are happy. We're saving Social Security. You saw that the other day where we have a genius in charge. I took him out of JPMorgan Chase.

He was the head of -- I mean one of the top people in there and he did great. He went to one of the big funds. He -- you know, one of the top people that he, you know, they take a cut. I think he said he's working for 1 percent of what he was working for. These are unbelievable people and the job he's done in Social Security and making it really powerful and strong is amazing.

And we've done that with many things. I love doing it. I love seeing this country be great again. And Vladimir said just a little while ago, he said, "I've never seen anybody do so much so fast." He said, "Your country is like hot as a pistol." And a year ago, he thought it was dead. Everybody thought it was dead.

It's true.

Yeah. Number one, to save lives in all cases, because wars are wars. When you see what would have happened with Cambodia as an example. Now I'm not involved but I was involved in negotiating a trade deal and I said you guys are going to be fighting Thailand, Cambodia, so many different. Look at -- look at India.

Take a look at India and Pakistan. They were shooting down airplanes already and that would have been maybe nuclear. I would have said it was going to go nuclear, and I was able to get it done. Number one is lives and number two is everything else. Wars are very bad and if you can avoid them and I seem to have an ability to end them, to get people together.

I use the power of the United States. We built a great -- we built a -- we have got the greatest economy now in the world. We have trillions, not billions, trillions of or millions. We have trillions of dollars pouring into our coffers. I'm getting calls from people in government saying where did I get the $29 billion from?

And I said, "Why don't you try the tariff shelf?" And you know, we have, as an example, the European Nations, we made a great deal. They pay us literally trillions of dollars. Japan, so many. And you know what? They like us better. They respect us. They didn't respect us. They were paying us nothing. Nothing.

We were paying them. They weren't paying us. And I turned it around and we're actually a very rich country now. You know the -- I told you my favorite word is the word tariff. I actually made that a little bit later because I got criticized by the fake news. You know, they said, "What about religion? What about family?"

Many, many of them. And well, basically all of them because I -- you know, I made along with some great people as you know, you know them very well. They're on your show. But I made -- I would say 12 or 13 of the big ones. In other words, we made the big deals and the rest we just assign a tariff to. And we do that by gut instinct.

We do that by how we're doing generally, how the relationship. And we do it also by deficits. If we're losing a lot of money with the country, you got to pay a tariff. We got to make it even. We want to balance it out. And I was generous to a lot. Some of them, we lose so much money that, you know, frankly, you'll never make it up. And if there are people that have been great to us as a country, then I take it a little bit easy.

But for years, we've been a laughingstock all over the world. The way they took advantage of us. Now, in my first term, I did it, but we got hit with COVID. We had the greatest economy in the history of our country in my first term, but at the end of it, we got hit with -- a thing called COVID. You may have heard of it. And it, you know, decimated the world, the whole world.

And we did a phenomenal job, Operation Warp Speed. A lot of people say it was one of the most incredible things they've ever seen. Operation Warp Speed, what we did. We did a great job. But this was a tremendous problem for everybody. I mean, every country, even China, in all fairness, they got hit much later.

People thought they avoided it. They got hit very hard. Everybody got hit. But we did a job like nobody's seen. And we came back and we had a country that was respected again. And then we had this person get in there that had no right being president. He lost the election by a lot. His whole group was radical left, crazy people.

And I'll tell you, our country was in a -- we were in a whole heap of trouble. And if -- if that whole ideology didn't change, I think our country would have been dead. You know, they say it. I was with also the king of Saudi Arabia, the head of Qatar, the head of UAE, about three months ago now already.

The time flies and they put up $5.1 trillion investment in our country. And we have about $17 trillion coming into our country. The numbers like we've never seen before. And by the way, this is after six months. This isn't like, you know, this is after months. We have -- we never had numbers like that after years.

And our country is so hot and we're building so many factories. The car companies that left, they're pouring back. The A.I., which is a hot thing, we're leading China by a lot. We're leading everybody with A.I. You know, a lot of these geniuses that you read about, they really are geniuses. I hope they're right.

They're spending $50 billion to build a plant and $90 billion, you know, you think of $50 million for building a plant. No, they're building $50 billion, $90 billion. They're going to Arizona. They're going all over the country. Arizona is a hot spot, but they're going all over the country. And we're way ahead of everybody else.

And, you know, I the biggest problem they had, they couldn't do the energy because the energy is massive. We need more electricity by twice that we have right now. In other words, as a country, we produce a lot of electricity. We need double that electricity at least to win the A.I. fight. Can you believe that one industry needs it? And so, you can't just do that off the grid.

The grid is old and it's fine, but it's old and tired and is subject to all sorts of problems. And I came up with an idea. I'm going to let you build your own electric plant. So, we have these companies building these massive factories of intelligence, factories of genius I call it. And they build their own electric plant with it. And I say build them big.

And we have a great person, Lee Zeldin, is approving them very quickly and environmentally friendly and all of that, but very, very quickly. And an amazing thing's happening. Wait until you see what happens when these things start to open.

Well, I think those are points that we negotiated and those are points that we largely have agreed on actually, I think we've agreed on a lot and I can tell you the meeting was a very warm meeting. You know, he's a strong guy. He's tough as hell and all of that, but the meeting was a very warm meeting between two very important countries and it's very good when they get along.

I think we're pretty close to it. Now, look, Ukraine has to agree to it. Maybe they'll say no because Biden handed out money like it was candy and Europe gave them a lot of money. You know, we gave them $350 billion. Europe gave them much less, but still a lot. A hundred billion dollars.

Make a deal.

Got to make a deal. Yeah. Look, Russia is a very big power. And they're not. They're great soldiers and they have great -- but you know, they also had the best equipment. You know, they had our equipment, and I gave them Javelins if you remember in my first term. In fact, there was a statement, I gave Javelins.

You remember the statement. I gave Javelins and Obama gave -- because it was Obama at that time -- Obama gave them sheets. And that's true. I gave Javelins and a lot of tanks were knocked out because of the Javelins. The Javelins, incredible weapon. It's a tank -- you know, you look at this big powerful tank.

It ends up being a ball of metal lying on the ground and burning. I've never seen anything like it. We have the greatest military equipment in the world. But they did have courage in fighting. And you know, they're fighting a big war machine. And we -- I think are close to a deal, but I won't -- I don't like saying it. I always say if I'm really close, I say 50/50 because so many things can happen.

But I think President Putin would like to solve the problem. And it was a problem that should have never happened. This was a war. All of those families that lost somebody. And I have a book of thousands of people. They presented me with it today. Thousands of people, prisoners that will get released. We got have a thousand -- more than a thousand prisoners that are going to release --

Well, they have to accept them. You know, they're going to release them. They have to accept them. I have a book of every -- it's so sad to see. And then you have another book of people that are dead, and they have dead bodies all over, thousands of them that they want to switch between the two countries.

I saw pictures of the dead. Yeah. Of some of the dead, but I saw pictures of over a thousand people that are prisoners, yeah, today.

That we can get back.

So, Biden did something that was unthinkable. He drove and Obama, too. I stopped it and then you know tragedy happened, actually. It was a tragedy. The election was a tragedy. But he did something that was unthinkable. He drove China and Russia together. That's not good. If you are just a minor student of history, it's the one thing you didn't want to do because they're basically natural enemies.

Russia has tremendous amounts of land. China has tremendous amounts of people, and China needs Russia land. But because of pure stupidity, they were driven together. And you know what? That's what it is. I don't know that it's going to stay that way because it really is. There's a -- you know, there's a natural friction there.

But I think that today's meeting went really well, and I think we maybe will have a good result, but I just don't like to talk about. That's why I agreed to do your interview, and I said, you know what, I'll do it, Sean. But that was like two days ago. I had no idea that -- I said, Sean, you could ask me about what we --

Yeah, I shouldn't have done it but that's okay. By the way, I have to say to the audience, this guy's a fantastic person. He's a great patriot. You love the country.

You are a very smart cookie. For anybody that ever questioned that, which I don't think there are too many and just an outstanding man.

I don't -- I didn't like looking. I was very sad to watch and see.

Well, because of what happened today, I think I don't have to think about that now. I may have to think about it in two weeks or three weeks or something, but we don't have to think about that right now. I think the, you know, the meeting went very well.

Well, you know, I don't want to be involved in that, in the sense - - not because of her. It's very nice. If she said that, that's very nice. I really appreciate it, too, actually. But --

Well, she made me stronger and tougher, and you know, we had --

Well, it was a sad chapter in our country's history. I will say that. Look, you can't run a country that way. You know Vladimir Putin said something one of the most interesting things. He said, "Your election was rigged because you have mail in voting." He said, "Mail-in voting, every election." He said, "No country has mail-in voting.

It's impossible to have mail-in voting and have honest elections." And he said that to me, it was very interesting because we talked about 2020. He said, "You won that election by so much." And that's how he got it. He said, "And if you would have won, we wouldn't have had a war. You'd have all these millions of people alive now instead of dead." And he said, "And you lost it because of mail-in voting.

It was a rigged election". But mail-in voting, Sean, it -- the politicians, I think I'm going to make it a big -- I know the answer is that Jimmy Carter years ago along with Scoop Jackson and some others, they had a committee, respected people, good committee, Jimmy Carter, good guy. You know, he's a good man, and the conclusion was you can't have mail-in voting.

We have mail-in voting. It's so dishonest. They send stuff. Some people get seven ballots. Look at California with that horrible governor they have there. He's one of the worst governors in history. He's incompetent. He doesn't know what he's doing. They send out like 38 million ballots. Some people get five, six, seven.

But Vladimir Putin, smart guy, said you can't have an honest election with mail-in voting. And he said there's not a country in the world that uses it now.

We have to do it. I don't know why we're not doing it. And you bring it up. The Democrats don't want it.

Look, the Republicans want it, but not strongly enough. I mean, they got to want it strong because it can't be -- it can't be honest. It goes through a postman. It goes through somebody else, somebody else, somebody. You know, when you go to a really well-run voting booth, you go in, you have to hand a card, a picture, a this or that.

You don't have everything perfect. You get sent back, go get it. It's really, it's very hard to do something fraudulent with a vote.

Mail-in voting, it's a -- it's -- they give you boxes of stuff. You have no idea where they came from. This mail-in voting, you can't have a great democracy republic. You can't have it. Well, maybe that's why we're going to end up with a communist mayor in New York. I don't know. May -- he probably is very happy with mail-in voting.

But you can't have a great democracy with mail-in voting.

With 10 percent of the cost.

So, if you do paper ballots, it costs you 10 percent the cost of machines.

Very hard to cheat.

I'd rather have your version.

I love your version. I've heard it before.

I've heard it before, I love it. Go ahead.

Yeah.

Right.

Right.

And I beat ISIS. We wiped out ISIS.

And General Caine who's with us right now, he's right outside actually. General Caine, we call him Razin Caine. That's his nickname. That's good name actually.

He's a -- he's a great guy. But General Caine was the one that did it. Beat ISIS. I was told it was going to take five years. He did it in four weeks.

Yeah.

Well, they both want me there.

Yeah, it did. I mean, they both want me there and I'll be there. You got to see it out. And it is a big day. I think either way it's a big day, but if we get this solved, it's a really big day because we're going to save a lot of lives.

Fairly short. Yeah.

I thought this would be the easiest of them all and it was the most difficult -- again, you say six or seven. It's a lot.

I've -- I've done it. I've saved a lot of lives.

Abraham Accord --

Well, it's interesting because somebody said, if I get this settled, I'll get the, you know, the Nobel Peace Prize. I said, well, I'm not involved in it but what about the other six wars or whatever it is? I mean, those were big. Those were wars. As an example, you go to Africa, the Congo against Rwanda.

Thirty-one years, 8 million people dead and I settled it. What about --

Well, because I deal with all of the countries for trade. And while I have them on the phone, if I'm dealing with them or my people, Scott and Howard and all the people that are doing such a great job, if the and -- Marco Rubio has been fantastic, JD has been fan -- we have a great group of people. So, if there's a war going on, they say, you know, there's a war going on and if we're doing trade with one or both of them, I say, we're not going to do a deal unless you make peace.

You have no idea. I mean, I've settled wars that have gone on for 35 years, a couple of them, and you know, the Congo and Rwanda that was 31 years, I think 8 million people dead with machetes. A lot of machete deaths. They walk in, the machetes are swinging all over the place. What a horrible situation. And we got it settled.

Well, you said 10 minutes and you've kept me a little bit longer than that.

Thank you very much, Sean.

Appreciate it.

Thank you.