Well, I'm going to show you a lot. It's much different, never been like that. You had some of those paintings in vaults and safes for 100 years.

They haven't been exposed.

I went by the presidents. I picked presidents, all -- almost all presidents, some Supreme Court justices -- after you.

What was happening is it's supposed to have events. Every event you have, it's soaking wet.

It's soaking wet. And people can't -- and the women with the high heels, it's just too much.

That's where we did --

That's right.

And -- and the grass just -- it doesn't work and we have a gorgeous stone and everything else.

But, you know, we use it for press conferences, and it doesn't work because the people fall into the -- you know, into the wet --

The roses stay. No, it's a rose garden. No, all of this is just the center section. It's going to -- I think it's going to be beautiful. I think it's going to be more beautiful. Look at that view over there. See that?

Look at that. How is that, pretty good?

It's a great place.

Well, I felt that, but I didn't know that.

Let me say it, I didn't know if I was going to run because I knew how much I won that election by. But if I -- if I thought I didn't win the election, I absolutely wouldn't have run.

But because of the fact I did so well, it was such a horrible election.

I was told, so I took a big chance.

No, I took a big risk actually.

Nobody's ever told me that, what you just said. Nobody's ever said it. That's exactly correct. If I didn't run, none of this --

They hated me, but you have to get on with your life.

Right.

It's so interesting. You're right about that.

That was a big risk. So, this is the Oval Office, and we've spent a lot of time and a lot of effort. We've taken a lot of great paintings out of the vault. And I don't know, maybe you could circle that somehow. So, here's a question I ask. So, Reagan has a place of prominence and George Washington has a place of prominence -- prominence.

And I've asked this question maybe 200 times, people come in. I said, "So, who would you put in the place of prominence, George Washington or Ronald Reagan? Who would you put?"

So, far it's 219 to zero, and they like Reagan.

But here's what they like more than anything. So, this is the Declaration of Independence.

And they -- they ask that this be done. It's never been up. It's been in the vaults for many, many decades. And they said we have to do something like drapes or something because the light eventually affects it. And it's very cool.

Isn't that great? Just went up yesterday.

You think Joe Biden would do this? I don't think so. Do you think he'd think of it? Do you think he knows what it is?

No, but look at this. So -- but this was -- none of these pictures were up. You know, very few, like very little. And it's been -- it's been great.

Yeah.

It needed a little life.

That's right. Yeah.

Yeah. That's actually -- they're gold, all gold. Look. And, you know, it's angels. They say angels bring good luck, and we need a lot of luck in this country with what they've done over the last four years. So, take a look. Do you know that -- little secret? I don't know if you're going to waste your time putting this on. But throughout the years, people have tried to come up with a gold paint that would look like gold.

And they've never been able to do it.

You've never been able -- look at that. Look. You've never been able to match gold with gold paint. That's why it's gold. And this is very important, very proud of this, Gulf of America. And in fact, Elon said to me, "You know, we're landing in the Gulf of America." So, he was saying -- and he said it naturally, he said it so routinely.

He said, "Yeah, the capsule, you know, is landing in the Gulf of America." So, I called Elon, "Where is it dropping down?" He said, "Gulf of America." How cool is that right?

I think they'd be proud of our country. I think, a year ago, they would have been disgraced by our country. And I think today, they're proud of our country. This is the Resolute desk, by the way. I had that just redone by an unbelievable group. They -- they do only the White House furniture. They do only -- very special.

This is the Resolute desk. Many great presidents sat behind that desk, and many didn't. I mean, you know, they have seven -- when you're president, they give you a choice of seven desks. This is the one.

Just like -- I like the history. You had Reagan, you had Kennedy. That was the famous one with John-John, who I knew very well, and he was a friend of mine. He was a great guy. He would have been maybe president someday. He would have been a real chance to be -- he was going to get into politics. He was actually a great guy, John-John.

But remember, when he was a young boy, the picture of him at the bottom of the desk.

It's right here.

Everyone thinks that's the nuclear -- everyone thinks that's the nuclear weapon. They think it's a nuclear weapon. They say if I press this, it's the end of the world.

It doesn't seem to work out then.

Doesn't that look beautiful, though, over there?

To me, you know, it looks beautiful. The Gulf of America, look at that.

I'll take the Declaration of Independence. I think so. Isn't that cool?

Pretty much, but it's become sharper. In other words, if I look at it from 20 years ago, it was similar, but it was much softer.

I only do that for the media, for the fake news.

This way. Yeah, they read it out. And, you know, I'll do now because I don't even have to move. I'll do them just -- I'll sit here, I'll do them, and you can do a lot. They get a kick when I'm doing other work and doing a news conference when you had another guy that couldn't name his favorite ice cream.

They always used to ask him, "What's your favorite ice cream?" "Vanilla." Oh, great. He's done a press conference, ladies and gentlemen. It was crazy.

Yeah, I'll talk to him. Sure.

You should see --

No, not much.

A lot was made out of the fact that I got along very well with President Obama, right? You saw that.

I can -- you know, I can do things that a lot of people --

I just didn't like the job they did --

Because it's not about friends. I didn't like the job they did. They let our country down.