Thank you very much. Thank you.

Thank you.

That's right. That's right.

Well, I sued -- I sued from long before he had it.

And, I mean, they really did a number on me, you know. And I sued, and they had to pay. You know, they paid $10 million settlement.

I think --

-- it's a very low -- I was looking to get much more money than that.

He got -- oh, he got a big discount. I don't think he even knows about it.

That's the way he said that. You know, there's something nice about.

It is.

Did have a choice?  I didn't have a choice.

That's the only thing I can say.

That speeded it up a little bit?

Nice. I didn't know that.

Sure.

It's true.

Oh, I see it all the time. They tried it, then they stopped. That wasn't -- they have many different things of hatred. Actually, Elon called me. He said, "You know they're trying to drive us apart." I said, "Absolutely." You know, they said, "We have breaking news: Donald Trump has ceded control of the presidency to Elon Musk.

President Musk will be attending a Cabinet meeting tonight at 8 o'clock."  And I say -- it's just so obvious. They're so bad at it. I used to think they were good at it. They're actually bad at it, because if they were good at it, I'd never be president because I -- I think nobody in history has ever gotten more bad publicity than me. I could do the greatest things; I get 98 percent bad publicity.

I could do -- outside of you and a few of your very good friends. It's, like, the craziest thing. But you know what I have learned, Elon? The people are smart. They get it.

They get it. They really see what's happening.

Well, I respect him. I've always respected him. I never knew that he was right on certain things, and I'm usually pretty good at this stuff. He did Starlink. He did things that were so advanced and nobody knew what the hell they were. I can tell you, in North Carolina, they had no communication. They were wiped out.

Those people were -- you know, they had rivers in between -- land that never saw water, all of a sudden, there was a river and a vicious -- like, rapids. People were dying all over. They had no communication. They said, "Do you know Elon Musk?" And they didn't really know I knew him. I said, "Yeah." They said, "Could you get Starlink?" It's, like, the first time I ever heard of it. I said, "What's Starlink?" "A communication system that's unbelievable."

And he -- yeah. And he said -- I called him, and I said, "Listen, they really need it." And he got, like, thousands of units of this communication, and it saved a lot of lives. He got it immediately. And you can't get it. I mean, you have to wait a long time to get it. But he got it to him immediately. And I said, "That's pretty amazing." And I didn't even know he had it. We watch the rocket ships, and we watch Tesla.

I think, you know, something that had an effect on me was when I saw the rocket ship come back and get grabbed like you grab a beautiful little baby. You grab your baby. It just --

I'd never seen --

Yeah. No, but -- and he said, "You know, you can't really have a rocket program if you're going to dump a billion dollars into the ocean every time you fly. You have to save it." And he saved it. First time --

-- I've ever seen that done. Now nobody else can do it. If you look at the U.S., Russia, or China, they can't do it, and they won't be able to do it for a long time. He has the technology. So, you learn -- I wanted somebody really smart to work with me, in terms of the country -- a very important aspect.

Because, I mean, he doesn't talk about it. He's actually a very good businessman. And when he talks about the executive orders -- and this is probably true for all presidents: You write an executive order and you think it's done, you send it out; it doesn't get done. It doesn't get implemented. They don't implement it. They -- maybe they're from the last administration -- and they are, in some cases.

You try and get them out as fast as you can. But I could -- as soon as he said that, I said, "You know, that's interesting." You write a beautiful executive -- and you sign it and you assume it's going to be done, but it's not. What he does is he takes it, and with his hundred geniuses -- he's got some very brilliant young people working for him that dress much worse than him, actually --

-- they dress in just t-shirts.  You wouldn't know they have 180 IQ.

No, no. He is --

He's much more than that.

But he gets it done. He's a leader. He really is a -- he gets it done. You get a lot of tech people, and you have people, they're good with tech, but they -- he gets it done. You know, I said, in real estate, you had guys that would draw beautiful renderings of a building, and they'd draw the rendering, it would be great, and you'd say, "Great.

When are you starting?" But they were never able to get it built. They couldn't get the finances. They couldn't get the approvals. It would never get done. And then you have other guys that are able to get it done. You know, they could just get it done. I was in real estate. Same thing in this. He gets it done.

So, when he said that -- he said, "You know, when you sign these executive orders, a lot of them don't get done, and maybe the most important ones," and he would take that executive order that I'd signed, and he would have those people go to whatever agency it was -- "When are you doing it? Get it done. Get it done." And some guy that maybe didn't want to do it, all of a sudden, he's signing -- he just doesn't want to bothered.

Yeah, and they will. A lot of them will be. Yeah.

Look, in the meantime, we have four years. The beauty is, we have four years. That's why I like doing it right at the beginning. Because an executive order is great. I mean, the one problem -- it's both good and bad, because when they did all these executive orders, I've canceled most of them. They were terrible.

I mean, we were going to go radical left, communist, okay? It was crazy. Their --

-- executive orders were so bad, if they ever got them codified, you'd never be able to break them. So, the damage that Biden has done to this country -- and it's not even Biden; it's the people that circled him in the Oval Office, okay? -- but the damage they did to this country, in terms of, let's say, open borders -- you know, there's so many things, but open borders, where millions of people poured into our country, and hundreds of thousands of those people are criminals.

They're murderers. They're drug dealers. They're gang members. They're people from prisons from all over the world. And we have a great guy, Tom Homan, and he is doing so incredibly. You saw the numbers. They're down like 96 percent.

He is a phenomenal guy. And Kristi Noem is doing an unbelievable job. And he wanted her. He said, "She's so tough." And I said, "I don't think of her as that way. You know, she's very nice." He said, "No, she's so tough." And she is. I see her with the horses. She's riding the horse. Let's --  -- she's great.

But the team we have is -- is really unbelievable. But those executive orders, I sign them, and now they get passed on to him and his group and other people, and they're all getting done. We're getting them done.

He's going to go into orbit soon.

No, he's going to go to Mars. He's going to fly on his --

And you like Bobby, right?

Yeah.

That's why I became president.

--

He's good. You know, I wanted to find somebody smarter than him. I searched all over. I just couldn't do it. I couldn't. I couldn't.

I couldn't find anyone smarter, right? So, we had to -- we had to, for the country.

So, we settled on -- we settled on this guy.

Yeah.

And they're very committed people.

When are you -- when are you getting them?

They got left in space.

Biden.

When are they -- when are you going to launch?

And you have the go-ahead.

You now have the go-ahead.

They didn't have the go-ahead with Biden.

He was going to leave him in space. I think he was going to leave them in space.

He considered it a --

Yeah, he didn't want the publicity. Can you believe it?

He saved a lot of lives. In North Carolina, he saved a lot of lives.

California. But, I mean, in North Carolina, where they were really in trouble, they had no communication, people were dying.

They were dying of starvation. He saved a lot of lives in North Carolina.

I really  --

Yeah. And my goal was to get great people. And when you look at what this man has done, I mean, it was something -- I knew him a little bit through the White House. Originally, I'd see him around a little bit. I didn't know him before that, and I respected what he did. And he fought hard. You know, he was a -- he was maybe questioned for a while.

He was having some difficulties. It was not easy doing what he did. I mean, how many people have started a car company and made it really successful and made a better car where it's, you know, beating these big companies that that's all they do is cars? I mean, it's really amazing the things that he's done.

But I didn't know it as much then as now. I mean, the fruits have sort of taken hold. But I wanted great people, and he's a great person. He's an amazing person. He's also a caring person. You know, he uses the word "care." So, they sign a contract in a government agency, and it has three months. And the guy leaves that signed the contract, and nobody else is there, and they pay the contract for 10 years.

So, the guy is getting checks for years and years and years, and he's telling his family, obviously -- maybe it was crooked, maybe he paid to get the contract, or maybe he paid that they didn't terminate him. But, you know, we have contracts that go forever, and they've been going for years, and they're supposed to end in three months or five months or two years or something, and they go forever.

So, the guy is either crooked -- you know, where he knew this was going to happen -- or he's crooked because he's getting payments that he knows he shouldn't be getting.

But they're finding things like that. They're finding things far worse than that. And they're finding billions -- and it will be hundreds of billions of dollars' worth of fraud. I say waste and abuse, but fraud, waste, and abuse. And he's doing an amazing job. And he attracts a young, very smart type of person.

I call them high-IQ individuals, and they are. They're very high Q and -- high IQ. And when they go in to see the people and talk to these people -- you know, the people think they're going to pull it over. They don't. These guys are smart, and they love the country. You know, there's a certain something.

But he uses the word "care." So, people have to care. Like, when I bought Air Force One --

-- I negotiated the price. It was $5.7 billion, and I got it -- I got them down $1.7 billion. Now they're not building the plane fast enough. I mean, they're actually in default -- Boeing. They're supposed to --

They've been building this thing forever. I don't know --

-- what's going on.

We don't build the way we used to build. You know, we used to build like a ship a day, and now to build a ship is, like, a big deal, and we're going to get this country back on track. We could do it, but so many things -- it takes so long to get things built and get things done. And a lot of it could be something we've been discussing.

The regulators go in and they make it impossible to build. They make it very difficult to build anything, whether it's a ship, a plane, or a building or anything. And some of them do it because they want to show how important they are. Some of them do it maybe because they think they're right. They use the environment to stop progress and to stop things.

It's always the environment. "It's an environmental problem." It's not an environmental problem at all. But they do a lot of things. And, by the way, speaking of that, Lee Zeldin is going to be fantastic in the position. So important. He could take 10 years to approve or disapprove something, or he could do it in a month.

You know, just as good.

And I think you're going to see some fantastic -- a fantastic job done by him. He's a tremendous guy.

That's always the first thing they do.

He's in violation of the Constitution. They don't even know what they're talking -- well, they know.

It's just a con job. It's a big con job. And they're so bad for the country, so dangerous and so bad. And the media is so bad. When I watch MSNBC, which I don't watch much, but you have to watch the enemy on occasion, the level of arrogance and -- and cheating and -- they're just horrible people. These are horrible people.

These are horrible people.

They lie, and they start up with the Constitution. They couldn't care less about the Constitution. CNN, likewise. I mean, I watched them asking questions with, you know, the hatred with the -- why -- I said, "What are you asking the question with such anger? You're asking me a normal question." But you see the bias.

The bias is so incredible. Those two are bad. PBS is bad. AP is bad. CBS is terrible. I mean, CBS now -- they changed an answer in Kamala. They asked her some questions. She answered them like, you know, a low-IQ person. The opposite of him -- the absolute opposite. But she gave a horrible answer. They took the entire answer out, and they put another answer that she gave 20 minutes later into the -- in- -- as the answer.

I've never even heard of that be- -- I thought I heard of it all.

I've never even heard -- you know, I've seen where they take a sentence off or something and they'll do -- but they --

No, no. They took the entire -- this long, terrible statement that she made and put another. Nobody's ever seen what's happening. And, you know, the people that do all this complaining, they're very dishonest people.

Yeah.

That's right.

But we could take -- we were talking about this yesterday. I could take -- give me thousands of bills -- any -- I could pick any one of them, and I could --

-- take all thousand. And let's say it's a bill for $5,000 -- just $5,000, and it's done by some bureaucrat. And if he would say, "I'll give you three. I don't want to pay you five. It's too high. I'll give you three." But they don't do that. If a guy sends in a bill for $5,000, they pay $5,000. They expect to be cut.

Everybody expects to be cut. When you send in a bill, you expect to be cut. They send in the bill higher, for the most part. This is true with lawyers, legal fees. When they send in legal fees, you -- I can cut -- I wish I had the time, I would save so -- but I could cut these bills in half -- much better than half.

But you offer people a much lower number because you know they -- they actually put fat -- I'm not even saying it's -- it's like a way of business. They put more on because they expect to be negotiated. When you send in a bill to the government, there's nobody to negotiate.

You send it a bill for $10,000, and they send you a check back for $10,000. If you would call them and said, "We'll give you five." "No, no, no. I need more than five." "We'll give you a five." "I'm not going to pay any more than five." "Make it six." "No, I'm not going to make it six." And you'll settle for $5,500. You've just cut the bill almost in half, and it took, like, two minutes.

When did that stop? But --

-- that's caring. No, it's not even the art of the deal. It's caring. He uses the word --

-- it's caring.

It's -- it's a certain competence, but I think it's more caring.

And a lot of fraud, Sean. A lot of fraud.

And a lot of kickbacks. They're sending money out. They're not that stupid. These people aren't that stupid. They're sending for transgender -- something having to do with the opera, and they're sending out $7 million --

-- $7 million.  --

No, it's incredible.

No, but it's incredible: $7 million. Now, you know they -- they're not so stupid. They're sending all this money. They expect to get a lot of it back. And that's what happens.

The one thing you didn't mention, the media. The media is getting millions of dollars.

Now, they say Politico, which is a radical left --

-- you know, garbage magazine or -- or program. I guess they have magazine and they have some -- some media of all types. $8 million. I hear the New York Times got a lot. I hear they get subscriptions -- where they have subscriptions but maybe the paper is not sent. I have no idea if that's true or not, but it's -- they call it subscriptions.

Lots of subscri- -- to different media, not just the Times -- maybe the Times, and maybe not the Times.

Well -- but -- but millions of dollars going to media that's radical-left, crooked, dishonest media.

The FBI has to be rehabbed. The FBI --

What's happened with the FBI and the DOJ is just -- their -- their stock has gone way down. I mean, their reputation is shot.

And I think Pam is going to do great. I think Kash is going to do great. I think they have to do great or we have a problem. But when you look at what they did, the raid of Mar-a-Lago -- the raid of Mar-a-Lago -- you look at what they did, their reputation is shot.

Two trill- -- yeah. We inherited it.

Yeah. And inflation is back. I'm only here for two and a half weeks.

Inflating is back --

No, think of it, inflation is back. And they said, "Oh, Trump infla-" -- I had nothing to do with it. These people have -- have run the country. They spent money like nobody has ever spent. They were -- they were given $9 trillion to throw out the window -- $9 trillion, and they spent it on the Green New Scam, I call it. It's the greatest scam in the history of the country.

One of them. We have a lot of them, I guess. But one of them.

Dollar-wise, probably --

-- it is.

Yeah, yeah.

Well, that's all part of it. Yeah.

You know, the amazing thing is when you see, like, the teaching of DEI: $9 million. How do you spend $9 million to teach no matter what it is?

You could teach physics.

You could go to MIT for a lot less.

Yeah, the teaching --

-- of DEI.

No, it's a kickback. It's got to be a kickback. Nobody is that -- nobody could do that. Nobody is --

Nobody is giving -- to assess the dialog of an audience coming out of a theater: $4 million.

One percent.

No, because it's so massive. It's -- this is --

-- huge money. Huge money. Look --

As good as they are, they're not going to find some contract that was crooked -- you know, crooked as hell. And, I mean, there's going to be so much that isn't found. But what is found -- I think he's going to find a trillion dollars.

But I think it's a very small percentage compared to what it is. I mean, he could tell you about treasuries; he could tell you about a woman that worked for Biden that became a very wealthy woman while she was working for him. Right?

While they were working.

Sean, the saddest thing is they don't talk about the individual lines. I could go on your show right now, I could get a list that I have on the beautiful Resolute Desk in the Oval Office, and it's got 40 points, and all they are is the heading of what this money is. You don't have to go deep into it, and you see it's, you know, all different things and it's so ridiculous.

I mean, normally, when you look for fraud, you're looking for one thing out of a hundred. Here, out of a hundred, 95 are going to be bad. I mean, they're -- and they're so obvious just by the heading. But they never mention that. They only mention, "This is a violation of our Constitution. This is a" -- the word they give, you know, it's like a sound bite -- "constitutional crisis." It's a new thing, "constitution-" -- But they never mention about where the money is going.

And when people hear that -- I had a very smart man, John Kennedy -- he's actually a very smart man. He said, "Sir, you should just go on television and just read the name of the topic that you're giving all the money -- just the topic that you're giving this money to, and don't say anything more," and he's right.

And I'll do it at some point, you know, when -- But they never talk about where the money is going. They just talk about, "It's a constitutional crisis." It's so sad. And honestly, I think they're bad people. I used to give them the benefit of the doubt, but you almost think they hate the country. I think they hate the country.

They're sick people.

That's right. You know the good news, though? They've lost their confidence. They're not the same people.

They're -- they're not the same people. This election was brutal for them. We won every swing state. We won by millions and millions of votes. We won everything. We -- all 50 states went up -- all 50. It's never happened.

Every one. All 50 states went up. They've lost their confidence. I see it. And they're -- they're just swirling and twirling. They don't know what the hell is happening. They're much different. They're just as mean, but they're not getting to the point.

Well, the media -- you're talking about the media.

The media -- no, they're -- you know, the anger that -- they ask questions so angry -- a question -- a normal question. I give them an answer. They -- but they -- I say, "Why are you so angry when you ask a question?" Just a standard question. And, I don't know, there's something --

Yeah.

Yeah. Yeah.

so much and -- and then Elon goes. But, look, Social Security won't be touched --

-- other than if there's fraud or something -- we're going to find it; it's going to be strengthened -- but won't be touched. Medicare, Medicaid, none of that stuff is going to be touched. It's just --

don't have to. Now, if there are illegal migrants in the system, we're going to get them out of the system, and all of that fraud. But it's not going to be touched. School -- I want to bring school back to the states, so that Iowa, Indiana -- all these places -- Idaho, New Hampshire -- there's so many places, the states.

I figure 35 really run well. And right now, it's Norway, Sweden, Denmark, Finland, China -- China, can you imagine? -- has top -- top schools. We're last. So, they have a list of 40 countries. We're number 40. Usually we're 38, 39, but last time, we were number 40. And what I say is you've got to give it back.

So, it doesn't work. I'll tell you what we're number one in: cost per pupil. We spend more money than any other country by far -- it's not even close -- per pupil. Okay? So, we know it doesn't work. So, we spend the most and we have the worst -- right? -- the worst result. When we give that -- when we give that back to Indiana, when we give that b- -- back to Iowa and back to a lot of the states that run well -- they run well, a lot of them -- 35, 37, 38 -- now, you're going to have 10 laggards, but you're going to have 5 real laggards, but that's going to be okay.

Take New York -- you give it to Westchester County, you give it to Suffolk County, you give it to Upstate New York, and you give it to Manhattan -- but you give it to four or five subsections. Same thing in California. Los Angeles is going to be a problem, but you're going to give it to places that run well.

We can change education Now, school choice is important, but that will get care -- taken care of automatically. We want to bring education back to the states. You will spend half the number. And I'm not even doing this --

I'm not even -- I'm not even doing this to save, but you will save. It will cost you much less money. You get a much better education. If you go to some of these states, you'll be the equivalent of Norway, Sweden, Denmark -- places that really have a good school system. You'll have -- those places will be the equivalent, and your overall numbers will get so much better.

The only thing I want to do from -- from Washington, D.C., is make sure they're teaching English, reading, writing --

-- and arithmetic. Okay?

Okay. A little science. You know --

-- you're not going to have much of a problem with that, but that's it. Do you know, we have half the buildings -- I mean, you look at Department of Education --

Look at the real estate and the --

-- the level. For what? To -- to -- I mean, for -- what do they do? We have really bad educa- -- the teachers -- I love teachers. I respect teachers. And, by the way, there's no reason why teachers can't form a union. They can do whatever they want to do, if it's back in the states. So, we're not looking to hurt the teacher -- I'm -- I'm going to help the teachers.

I think the teachers should be incentivized, because a good teacher is like a good scientist, is like a great doctor.

It's a valuable commodity.

I think they should be incentivized.

So, I'm totally for the teachers.

Right.

Right.

By the way, forms of that could be done.

Forms of that could be done.

We got hurt when we didn't get the vote on Obamacare. I made Obamacare -- I had a choice: I could let it rot and win a point, or I could do the best you could do with it. And that's what I did. We did a great job with it, and we made it sort of work, but it's lousy. We could do so much better. And when you say -- you go to certain areas, they -- they have doctors round the clock.

They have great medical care for a fraction of what we're paying right now. There are things we could do. But, look, just overall, this man has been so valuable. I hate to see the way they go after him. They go after him. It's so unfair. He doesn't need this. He wants to do this. First of all, this is bigger than anything he's ever done.

He's done great companies and all, but this is much -- you know, this is trillion -- everything's trillions, right?

He can save --

He'll never do anything bigger.

That's the only thing you can say, "He'll never do anything" --

But, Sean, you have states right now --

You have some states that operate that way. They operate as well as any corporation. They really operate well.

They have surpluses. They ha- -- they don't --

When they -- when they look at New York and -- and California and some of these places that should have an advantage -- I mean, there's a big advantage -- or Pritzker does such a bad job in Illinois; it's horrible how bad he is -- and they don't have that advantage. You know, New York has stock exchange and a lot of things.

And California has the weather and the beautiful water and all the thing- --

Yeah.  But -- but --

But some states operate the way he's talking about.

When you go into some of these states, you're going to find very little. You're going to find almost nothing. They really operate well -- big surpluses, low taxes. And --

I -- well, I did.

It was the right decision -- in fact, Reagan tried to do it -- because it rewards badly run states. But at the same time, it's a tough -- it was -- it's tough for the states. I mean, it really is tough for the states. The sad part is it rewards really badly run states.

And Reagan tried to do it. He was unable to do it. I got it done.

And now we're going to give some back.

Because you know what? We've got to help them.

We've got to help.

Nobody had any idea it would be that devastating. I did the right thing. I got something that Reagan couldn't do. I got it done, where everybody is -- are the same. But you know what? We've got to help them out.

Right.

No, actually, it was --

It was Biden.

And you know Biden wouldn't give him much.

It's -- it's going to be, by the way. I really believe it's going to be.

Because the country is going to do well beside this. This is cutting. We're only talking about cutting. We're also going to make a lot of money. We're g- -- we're taking in so much money.

Then we won't let him do it.

We're not going to let him do it. He -- if --

If he's got a conflict -- I mean, look -- he --

He's in certain areas -- I mean, I see this morning -- I didn't -- I didn't know, but I said, "Do the right thing" -- where they're cutting way back on the electric vehicle subsidies.

They're cutting back.

Not only cutting back --

Yeah. Now, I will tell you --

He's probably not that happy with it, but that would have been one thing he would have come to me and said, "Listen, you got to do me a favor. This is crazy."  But this was in the tax bill. They're cutting back on the subsidies. I didn't -- I wasn't involved in it. I said, "Do what's right, and you get" -- and they're coming up with the tax, but it's just preliminary.

But I mean, if he were involved, wouldn't you think he'd probably do that? Now, maybe he does better if you cut back on the subsidies. Who knows. Because he figures -- he does think differently. He thinks he has a better product, and as long as he has a level playing field, he doesn't care what you do --

-- which he's very -- he's told me that.

It's true.

He won't be involved.

If there's a conflict, he won't be involved.

I mean, I wouldn't want that, and he won't want it.

You know the truth was --

He's -- I know every businessman. I know the -- the good ones, the bad ones, the smart ones, the lucky ones. I know them all. This guy is a ver- -- he's a brilliant guy. He's a great guy. He's got tremendous imagination and scientific imagin- -- far beyond -- you know, you keep talking about a technologist and all, but you're much more than a technologist.

You are that. But he's also a good person. He's a very good person, and he wants to see the country do well. And I know a lot of great businesspeople, really great business people, but, you know, they're not really, in some cases, very good people. And I know people that would try and take advantage of the situation.

This guy is somebody that really cares for the country, and I saw that very early on. I saw it, really, a long time ago when I got to know him. He's a very different kind of a character. That's why -- you know who loves him: young people that are very smart and that love the country. He's got, like, a tremendous following, because that's what he's -- he's a good person.

And he doesn't need this. He didn't need this, and he's doing this to help the country. If I didn't win this election, this country was -- I don't think it could have made it. I don't -- I mean, we're allowing criminals -- millions of criminals into our country, where everything is transgender, it's men playing in women's sports.

I mean, none of this stuff -- you could go -- I could give you a hundred things. It's almost like they're trying to destroy the fabric of -- of the country, of the world, because the world was following us. Now the world is following us out of this pit. We've done a lot. I'll tell you what, in three weeks, we've done more -- I think we've done more -- in -- in terms of meaningful, not just dollars -- than maybe any president ever.

And a lot of people are saying that.

I mean, if we can keep it going at this level, this country is going to be at a level that it's never seen before.

Yeah, reciprocal.

Everybody. Everybody. Everybody but us.

And I was doing it -- you know, I charged China tariffs. I took in hundreds of billions of dollars, and I was doing that. But when we got -- we had the greatest economy in history. But then we got hit with COVID, and we had to solve that problem, because I was doing it -- and now I said, I want to come back and do the recipri- -- because every country in the world almost -- we have a deficit with almost every country -- not every one, but just about, pretty close.

And -- but every country in the world takes advantage of us, and they do it with tariffs. They makes -- make it -- it's impossible for him to sell a car, practically, in, as an example, India. I don't know if that's true or not, but I think --

The tariffs are so high --

-- they don't want to -- now, if he built the factory in India, that's okay, but that's unfair to us. It's very unfair. And I said, "You know what we do?" I told Prime Minister Modi yesterday -- he was here. I said, "Here's what you do. We're going to do -- be very fair with you." They charge the highest tariffs in the world, just about.

Oh, much -- much higher.

Yeah, that's peanuts. So, much higher. And -- and others too. I said, "Here's what we're going to do: reciprocal. Whatever you charge, I'm charging." He goes, "No, no, I don't like that." "No, no, whatever you charge, I'm going to charge." I'm doing that with every country.

It does.

Nobody can argue with me. You know, the media can't argue -- I said -- they said, "Tariffs -- you're going to charge tariffs?" You know, if I said, like, 25 percent they'd say, "Oh, that's terrible." I don't say that anymore --

-- because I say, "Whatever they charge, we'll charge." And you know what?

They -- then they say, "Oh, that sounds fair."

And we're going to make a lot of money and a lot of businesses are going to come pouring in.

They do. Everybody needs us.

And you know what?

We only have so long left where we're in this position. We're the bank, and the bank is getting smaller and smaller and smaller. We -- we're the bank. We got to do this now. We can't wait another 10 years and have a shell of a country left, because that's what was going to happen.

This country -- if I didn't win this election and have people like this man right here that really do care, because that's the other word -- if you don't care, you could be the smartest guy in the world, it's not going to matter. But if we didn't win this election, I'm telling you, we would not have had a country for very long.

Well, potentially, very quickly, between what he's doing and with income coming in from tariffs and other things. I mean, I hope we can -- I don't want to give a date, because then these people are going to say, "Oh, well, he didn't make the date." But I think we can do it very quickly. We would have never done it if this didn't happen.

Never. It would have never been -- it would only get worse and worse, and ultimately, it would have exploded. This country was headed down a very bad track. And the whole DEI thing, that was -- that was a trap. That was a sick trap.

And, you know, we've destroyed that. That's gone. That's pretty much gone.

Right.

Europe takes advantage of us.

Sean, you're a --

There could be nothing bigger. There's nothing --

That's peanuts.

That's peanuts compared to what we're talking about.

Yeah.

Including his ships.

Including his ships going up.

Nothing. There's nothing left.

Well, he doesn't do this kind of thing. And the way I figured that you'd get to know him is if I did it with him. I said, "Come on, let's do it together." He doesn't do this. I think he's smarter not doing it, overall. Because, you know, I mean, he's done very well without doing it. But he doesn't feel it's really worthwhile.

He wants the product to speak for itself, or whatever he does speak for itself. But he views it as -- you know, does it matter? And I'm doing this with you today because I wanted to have people understand him. And I think it's very important -- I disagree with him. I think it's very important that they do understand him.

He doesn't need this. He doesn't need it. Now, I happen to think it's made him very popular. I think it -- he's more popular now because there are so many people -- you know, you're talking about the radical left -- they have the lowest ratings. MSNBC is dying. CNN is dying. They're all dying. The New York Times is doing lousy.

The Washington Post is doing horribly. They're all doing badly because people don't buy it anymore. But I think it was important that he do this one interview. You've been a very fair guy. I think you were the right guy to do it. If we could get some radical left guy -- and he'd do just as well, frankly, because it's all about common sense.

But this -- Sean --

-- to me this was a -- it was important for people to understand, he's doing a big job. He's doing a very thankless job. He's doing a thankless job, but he's helping us to save our country. Our country was in serious trouble, and I had to get the best guy, somebody with credibility, because if he were just a regular, good -- very good, solid businessman, he wouldn't have the credibility.

He's got the best credibility for this. And people also know he's an honest guy. He's an honest guy. He's just a very, very smart guy who's done amazing things. And this will be the biggest thing he's ever done, because, you know, his companies are all great. But if this country goes bad -- I guess where he is a little selfish is this.

He knows one thing and probably doesn't think -- but if his -- if this country goes bad, his stuff is not going to be worth very much, I can tell you.

All good statements.

You mean by that all good statements. Look, they respect the president of this country. They respect -- they did not respect the last president. They laughed at him, and they laughed at our country, and he's done great damage to our country.

Yeah, they have, but I'd rather not say. They -- they have. It's not -- it -- look --

He was not George Washington, let's put it that way.

Not the greatest.

He's done a tremendous disservice.

And, by the way, the Democrats have done a great disservice, and they ought to get their act together and use a little judgment, and they ought to work with us on straightening out this mess that --

-- a lot of people have --

Actually, you mention John.

He's become the best voice in the Democrat party. You know, I had lunch with him, and I thought he was terrific, but he's a much different man than he was before he had this difficulty. He used to be radical left, and I think he became much smarter, actually. He's really -- he's really a voice of reason.

But the Democrats have to get together. They have to get their act together, because the stuff they -- they talk about makes no sense. It makes -- none whatsoever. And they must know it. They must know.

That's a good question. I mean, I was thinking about that just now. I said, "I wonder how long he's going to be doing it." You can't get somebody like this. He cares, and he's brilliant, and he's got energy. You need energy, also, in addition to those other things. You know, I have a lot of guys that are very smart, but they have no energy.

They want to sleep all day long. You need a lot of energy. He's got a lot of energy. He's doing a great job. If there's any conflict, he -- he will stop it. But if he didn't, I'd stop it. I'd see if there's a conflict. I mean, we're talking about big stuff. But he's under a pretty big microscope.

I mean, everybody is watching him. If there's a conflict, you're going to be reading about it within about two minutes after the conflict.

And you're going to ask the other side, when they talk about, "This is a constitutional crisis," you got to a- -- what are they paying for? Where are those tax -- because when you read off the list of things, it's a big con job. See, when they talk Constitution --

-- it's a total con job.

They never talk -- and I watch some of the shows --

Yeah, when you start talking about how did -- how come they spent money on transgender here and transgender there --

-- and all the stuff in some country that nobody ever heard of, they don't want to talk about it. They just talk about, "This is a constitutional crisis."

The money is being squandered purposely -- tremendous theft, tremendous kickbacks, everything -- and we're straightening it out. And thank goodness. I look up, and I say, "Thank you," because I think if it went on for four more years, it would not be salvageable. You wouldn't be able --

You wouldn't be able to save it.

Yeah.

Thank you very much.