Well, really, it's a golden age of America. These are the biggest investors you saw, 20 billion, 15 billion. Uh, these guys throwing around a lot of money, but they're the biggest in the world. And they came to Pittsburgh and, uh, they're investing because of -- I guess because of the election and because of the policy.

The policy is very strong. And, uh, I think we did over $95 billion worth of investments today. And, uh, Pennsylvania's never seen anything even remotely close.

Well, it's a little different than stock and bonds and all of that. It's just money pouring in. They've gotta build factories. They've gotta build, uh, all sorts of equipment. And a lot of this money is AI money. It's coming in, artificial intelligence. And, uh, you and I will discuss it in about five years from now how good was this, you told me. But it's, uh, it's very exciting.

And we're ahead of China. We're leading China actually by a lot. And we're producing energy very fast. It needs tremendous energy. We need double the electric power that we have in a whole nation right now just for this one industry, if you can believe it. And we're easily able to meet that demand. Pretty amazing.

Right.

It's great.

And it, it even cuts pipelines. I mean, there's some of 'em are building it right over the site where you have gas and you have gasoline. You have all sorts of -- all forms of energy in every, every, virtually every different form. So they're building it right here in Pennsylvania, and they're building it right next to the source.

And it's very exciting. And, you know, these are really the smartest people, the, the biggest financial people in the world. We're in that room today. In fact, I was gonna make a speech and leave. When I looked at all the people, the people that I know very well, I said, "You know, I think I'll stick around.

I'll learn something."

I, I tend to doubt it, but, you know, I think he's got a somewhat slightly, uh, different viewpoint on business and life than I do. I think you have two of the very great opposites. Uh, I, I have to wish him well. It's sort of lightning in a bottle. Let's see what happens. He does have a race, you know. He's got a few people running.

I think this. If the three people would combine into one, they would easily win. I don't know if they're smart enough to do that, but, uh, if you break up the vote, you know, it's gonna be, I think, virtually impossible. But if you, uh, had one candidate, if one of the three, you know, I won't say who.

But I have a specific person, but I won't say it because I'm a nice Republican and, uh, I'm very much for the party. But it's New York. But I think this. If the three people got together and picked one, uh, you'd have a very good race.

Well, I think he's stay for a little while, but if he's really serious about doing it, you know, like taking over the John Catsimatidis shopping centers and, uh, places, and we're gonna operate them with the public, you know, like, this has been tried throughout history. It's never worked once and it's not gonna work here either.

So it's very dangerous. It's actually very dangerous. The good news, I can control it from Washington because we're the ones that issue the money. And if we see somebody's destroying the city, we're not gonna let that happen.

No, I don't want that.

Well, I don't even want to talk about it, but we were not gonna let that happen. That's not gonna take place. But we are able to get, uh, Europe now, the European nations are, are spending all of their money. We're not spending any money. Well, we're actually making everything for them, and they pay us for it. Uh, as opposed to Biden.

Well, he just gave 'em billions and billions of dollars. Nobody knows where it went, but, uh, we're, uh, we're giving them -- we're giving to the European nations a lot of different weapons. They then pay us back immediately, immediately. You know, they're very wealthy now because, uh, they'll -- They're pretty wealthy.

You know, you talking about France and Germany and Spain and a lot of big -- a lot of big countries, a lot of big strong countries. But by themselves, they're not like Russia as a group. They're very, very strong, but they're paying us for the weapons. So a hundred percent so we won't be in that foolish position.

It's a war that should have never, ever started. And if the election weren't rigged and stolen, it wouldn't have started.

Yeah.

I, I don't know. We're gonna see. I mean, look, I'm just -- Uh, we've had great conversations and I thought, well, that was good. It looks like we're very close to peace. You know, I've made peace in so many different places. So one place I have to do now is with the Russia and Russia-Ukraine. So we're gonna find out, uh, India-Pakistan was ready to go at it. We stopped that one.

We stopped, uh, the Congo, as you know, and Rwanda. They were in a 30-year war. Six, seven million people killed with machetes and very bad Serbia-Kosovo. We stopped a lot of 'em. In a period of a few months, we stopped at least four, maybe even five. Uh, but now I have to do the thing with Russia. A lot of people are being killed.

A lot of soldiers. We have five or six -- If you think about it, five or six million, five or six million people they think could be the real number for, for the death. And nobody's reporting that. Uh, we have, uh, let's see. Last week they had, uh, 7,000. Think of that, 7,000 soldiers were killed last week, uh, largely soldiers, but also, you know, they're bombing some of the cities and people are dying in those cities.

It should be stopped. It, it's a senseless, horrible war that should be stopped and it's a war that should have never been allowed to start. We could have stopped it with the right President.

I wasn't sure either actually.

It was a lot of blood.

Yeah. She's great.

Yeah.

Well, uh, sh- -- she's a fantastic person with the, the family, the daughters --

-- and, uh, dealing with a husband who died protecting them.

He jumped on top of them. He took a bullet and, uh, he took a bullet, a bad one, a real bad one. And, uh, he was, uh, he was a great guy. I mean, I've learned a lot about him and it's an incredible family. She -- Yeah, she wants answers. She loved her husband. You can see that. And she wants, uh -- She wants answers.

And I'm gonna have the FBI go and visit them and give them what they have and it's, uh, it's a sad situation. Everybody knows there should have been somebody on that roof. That's obvious. And, and frankly, the two were the various law enforcement agencies should have been connected so that they hear each other, what's happening, because one sort of knew and the other one didn't. I will say though, the, uh, marksman that we had on, on in Secret Service --

-- he did, in just slightly more than four seconds, he ended it from a long distance with a tree almost in the way. I mean, there was a tree that was sort of in the way. He saw it, obviously young, strong eyes like yours. He had l- -- very strong eyes, and he was able to spot it, you know, from a, from -- I guess he saw the smoke.

He saw the fire. And within, oh, just a little more than four seconds, it was one bullet, one shot, and it was over. And we had, you know, tens of thousands of people there. You would have had -- That could have been another -- You know, the Las Vegas thing which was so tragic, where so many people died, if he didn't do that.

So, well he, he acted fast and well. But, uh, that's a great family that you had mentioned, and we'll, we'll always be in touch. And she wants an answer, and I think we'll get the FBI to go and speak to them and give them whatever they have.

Yeah.

Shifty sh- -- Shifty Adam Schiff.

Well, it's not really up to me. That will be up to the Attorney General or people maybe in his state or whatever. But he's a scammer. He's a bad guy. He's a sick person, in my opinion, and he brought so much harm. You know, h- -- he was made up so many different things, so made up stuff, and he went after my sons.

He went after anybody, well, me too. I, I care less about me than I care about my sons.

But he's a disgusting human being and now he's a senator, and, uh, Shifty Adam Schiff. He's a bad guy. But I have no idea what he did. I haven't seen too many of the stories, but I hear there's some stuff that he did bad. If he did bad, he'll have to, uh, serve justice.

Thank you very much.