Hello, Dan. We are friends, aren't we? When you think about it, good friends.

It's 100 percent right, and it started right from the beginning, and it's a disgrace what's happening. And if you take a look, 635,000 acres -- you know what that is? It's half the ocean. Take a look at it, he took it off. It's probably $60 trillion worth of value. That's more than double the debt that we own and he takes it off the value.

Just writes it off. It's like you write it off, but we're going to be redoing these things as soon as I get in. And literally, on the day that I get in, we're going to be having executive orders that's going to reverse most of it. And whatever we can't reverse, we're going to court. We're going to win them all in court very easily, quickly.

But he's making the transition absolutely -- he's making everything so difficult. He's been a -- a terrible President. I read your statements every week where you go, "The worst president in the history of our country," and he really is. He's the worst president in the history of the country, and he's always talking about a smooth transition.

And then he goes out and wipes out 635 million. Think of it, 635 million acres. It's like --

-- I want to do a plot -- a plot map. It's got to be -- it's got to be the whole ocean. He's just -- they're -- they're very bad people. They're very evil people, Dan. Very sad.

And the weaponization that he did and it probably worked out to my advantage, but the weaponization that he did with Jack Smith, a deranged human being, the weaponization he did should never happen to this country again.

If we weren't involved in this deal, the deal would have never happened. No deal would have happened and the hostages would never have probably seen life again, but they certainly wouldn't have been released for a long time. No, we -- we changed the course of it and we changed it fast. And frankly, it better be done before I take the oath of office.

And I assume it is now. You know, we shook hands and we signed certain documents, but it better be done. But no, and -- and it was so ungracious of Biden to say, oh, he did it. He didn't do anything. If I didn't do this, if we didn't get involved, the hostages would never be out. They would have never come out.

Very much like the Jimmy Carter situation with Reagan.

They wouldn't have done it and -- and they were never doing it. They would have never done it. And his principal spokesman yesterday said thank you to President Trump and the Trump administration. Now, he did that because he knew it wouldn't have happened without us. So, look, I'm not looking for credit.

I want to get these people out. They've lived like -- for three years, they've lived like in hell, and we got to get them out and it will be great when we do. But you know there are dead people, many dead people. That October 7th tragedy would have never happened if I were president then. Would have never happened, no chance.

You're right about that, Dan. Third -- third time. You're right. Thank you.

Well, I really think you can do it either way. The end result is going to be the same. It should be the same. But I actually think the one big bill and now it's -- it's been you know, helped. And I have to say that unfortunately helped. But it's been sort of pushed along by what's happening in Los Angeles.

The worst tragedy. I mean, it's not even -- I know 30 people who have lost their homes. These are well-to-do people. These are good people. They work hard. They're, you know, very respected people. They've lost their homes. They're walking around. They have no idea what happened. And you know, just before I answer your question, I offered them about seven -- six years ago.

I offered them millions of gallons of water a day from coming down from up north. You know, Canada and up north, pouring down millions and millions. And you know that water comes down and it's -- it's sent out into the Pacific. With the changing of a big valve like a valve on your sink, but slightly bigger, like by a million times, with the changing of a valve, they would have had -- and they still didn't change it. They still -- so everything was dry.

The sprinklers in the houses were dry. They had no money. Nobody talks about that. The fire hydrants were dry. It's a disgrace. I'd like to see one bill, and because of Los Angeles, because that you think that's a Democrat thing, they want that money going -- it's so fast. Because of Los Angeles, I think the concept of one big beautiful bill has been helped greatly.

You understand what I'm saying, Dan, because they wanted to do badly.

Yes.

Well, I think we'll get a lot of Democrat votes, too. I think we're going to get -- if we had a couple of negative Republican votes, I think we're going to get Democrat votes, too. But when you add Los Angeles into it, this is a new thing that two weeks ago we didn't talk about. If you add Los Angeles into it, then you can really do one big beautiful bill, because frankly they want that so badly.

They want the money to go out there so badly, and I don't think we should do a bill until Los Angeles is included. And when Los Angeles is included, we get everything we want.

We'll be getting answers fast and there's no reason why they're not giving an answer. I don't know. They must be -- they're embarrassed about something or possibly it's us doing it. And you know, they want to keep it top secret for whatever reason. But they should certainly have let the people know. It's -- it's right over my house in New Jersey.

You know, the activity is taking place over my -- over Bedminster and areas near Bedminster. So, it's a little weird, but we'll know soon and you'll be one of the first to know, Dan, absolutely. They should let people know. You can't do that and it's not only there, you know. They have it in Virginia. I was talking to Glenn Youngkin and he said, "We have a serious drone problem there, too, where drones are coming from nowhere." And it's very interesting.

It's a very similar problem. So, something's going on. We're going to find out very quickly. It will be one of the first things I look into.

I think we will, and I think we're going to find out about Ray Epps and I think we're going to find out about Scaffold Man. You know who Scaffold Man is, right?

The guy who's screaming to everybody, "Go into the -- go into the building, go into the building." We're going to find out who Scaffold Man is and we're going to find out some other things. And I think you're going to be very happy with what I do with respect -- I call them the J 6 hostages because I consider them hostages.

You know, they did a beautiful song and they asked, would I do the -- the words. The words, not the singing. The words. And I did. That song went to number one for so long, it was beating out Taylor Swift. I'm not a fan of Taylor Swift, but that's OK. And everybody else, beating -- beating them all out for a long time.

And it was pretty amazing, actually. The song and the whole thing, those people -- they -- nobody's ever been treated so badly as those people.

And I think you're going to be very, very happy on Monday and your audience, which is very large by the way, congratulations. You have a great success, but your very large audience is going to be very happy with the things I'm going to be announcing on Monday.

Thank you very much. Thank you, Dan.