Well, I think the thing that people now realize is the border is 100%. It's like literally 100%. It's perfect now, and, I don't know if you can tell. Perfect. But it's going to get better. And by the way, we want people to come in, but they have to come in legally and everybody agrees to that. And they will do that.

We need people. We need people for all the industry that are being created. And I think just generally that there's a mood that our country was ripped off by other nations for many, many years and they understand what I'm doing. They're really getting it. We're making tremendous amounts of money taking in billions and billions, hundreds of billions of dollars in tariffs from other countries that for many, many decades just ripped off the United States.

And it's time that we not allow that to happen. So but we've done many, many things. And, we're happy about it. We just had a big chunk of the big new beautiful bill passed, which is the biggest tax cuts in history, and also the biggest regulation cuts in history. And I think we're well on our way to getting that.

That's going to be a big deal when we get the big beautiful deal. We call it the Big Beautiful Bill. When we get that passed, it'll be a big tax cuts for everybody and other things.

A lot of people ask me that question.

I've always said energy is genetics. I had two great parents. They had a long-term marriage, a very, very long-term marriage. I'll never beat them at that. It's the one thing I'll never beat them. We don't have enough years left. But they had a great relationship. But they had, also they had great energy.

And, my father died at just about almost 94. And he was he was very strong guy. And my mother, likewise, she had tremendous she was a wonderful woman. But she had she lived a very long life. And she had, a tremendous sense of energy. And she had energy inside and out. I mean, she was she was the life of the party.

And, I think that's where it comes from. I think that's where it comes from generally. I could say probably the same for you.

I think genetics is a big it's a big answer -- even -- you know, when people -- I have a friend. His mother died at 49 from a heart attack and his father died at 50, and he's 60, and he's walking around saying, I'm not supposed to be here, but, and I, I, he's not a particularly nice person. So I say, maybe you're right about that, but no, it's genetics -- a big factor is genetics.

Well, first of all, we had a great meeting.

Much longer than I planned, because I found him to be very interesting. And I've known him. I knew him from the first term, and he was very young then and very smart. And, he's, only gotten better. And he's done a phenomenal job for us. And we work together very closely and, you know, he took a, they call it the crime center of the Earth or something else -- El Salvador -- and now it's a very safe -

It's considered a very safe place.

Yeah. It was really, it had a terrible, little ring to it, you know, I said really, but he, he's made it a very safe place. People go, and they feel very secure and safe. He's also built, one but other also prisons. Very big ones that we're using his system because we're getting rid of our criminals from out of the United States that were allowed to come in by Biden.

You know, when you think about it, it's so hard, Rachel, to even believe he opened up the borders and he let criminals from all over the world just pour into our country. It's not even believable. You'd think -- I always say party of common sense or whatever --

But it's not even believable. They came from all over. They came from mental institutions, they came from gangs and from, drug dealerships. I mean, the guy, we have some of the biggest drug dealers in the world that he just let into our country. We have, people coming from jails of all. I mean, think of it. They emptied their jails into the United States.

We're getting them out. And, the president is helping us with that. President Bukele. So I was very impressed with him, very, very impressed. Great guy.

I call them homegrown criminals.

I mean, the homegrown --

The ones that grew up and something went wrong, and they hit people over the head with a baseball bat. We have, and push people into subways just before the train gets there, like you see happening sometimes. We are looking into it, and we want to do it. I would love to do that.

So, as you know, the Supreme Court, after we get out, all of the fake news from CNN and all these other people, we won that case nine to nothing. And basically, that's really a decision that will be made by the government of El Salvador, because that's where -- I assume that's the one you're talking about.

So the one you're talking about --

Staying there and he's from El Salvador, so that's a decision up to El Salvador. But it's interesting because we won that decision nine to nothing in the Supreme Court. And, if you listen to the news, you wouldn't know that --

You would really have no idea --

So it's up to El Salvador.

Well, from an actual standpoint, no. But from a practical standpoint, yes. I look at this man. I say, this is a guy that we want to keep.

I'll probably take heat for saying it. Everybody wants everybody. That's a good man with -- I could see it just by looking at that question. So and I don't know that he said is he supposed to be deported. No, he didn't say that.

Good. Good. Good.

Yeah, yeah.

So, well, he's -- I don't think he's in any danger of it. And that makes this question a lot easier because if you said they're ready to pick them up and move them out, that would be a much more difficult question because he's a fine person.

And we don't want to do that. We want our great people to stay. One of the things I am doing, though, is I'm also making it easier on the farmers and the hotels and everything, because you have a lot of farmers that they're not going to be able to, you know, do their crops and pick up the corn and do all of the things that they do so incredibly well.

So we're making it so that if a farmer can give recommendations to people, we're going to be, we're going to be very soothing, in terms of perhaps letting that farmer have, you know, they were sort of responsible and we're going to have the farmer take responsibility. But, you know, ultimately, at some point we want the people to go out, come back as, as legal.

You know, we're going to send as you probably know, we're doing a self-deportation and we're going to make it comfortable for people, and we're going to work with those people to come back into our country legally.

Well, we're starting it. We haven't started it. Right now, we're getting the murderers out. We, we have our, we have our, our total aim on the very bad ones, as you can imagine.

Because you have some great people that came in. But we have very bad ones. We had 11,088 murderers. Half of them killed more than one person. These are rough, bad people. We want them out. And that's our -- mostly our focus.

But what we want to do is we're going to have a self deportation program, which we haven't even announced yet. I guess I'm announcing it to you.

Rachel, here it is. The only thing I haven't determined is what are we going to do? We're going to give them a stipend. We're going to give them some money and a plane ticket, and then we're going to work with them. If if they're good, if we want them back in, we're going to work with them to get them back in as quickly as we can.

So we're working with Mexico. Mexico is, I think, very, very afraid of the cartels. Actually, I think the cartels run large sections of Mexico and I don't want to say that because I'm getting along very well with the president.

Okay. You know, at least it's hard to believe. I'm dealing very nicely with your new president -- with the new president, who's a very fine woman, I have to say. The relationship is very good. And we want to help her, and we want to help Mexico because you can't run a country like that. You just can't -- they've made a fortune.

Now, I will say it's been cut back, way back because of the border. The border is, very, very secure right now. And we didn't need legislation. We needed a president to say, 'that's it, no more people coming in.' And the other day, you probably saw the statistic. It was like for a long period of time, nine people.

And they came in because they had a medical problem where we actually took them in because they were one of them had a heart attack. One of them had something else. No. The border is very secure. We're going to make it, longer border. I built 571 miles of wall, which nobody likes to talk about, but it's the way it is. And I had to take the money -- because the Senate and the House, they were not in a giving mood -- so I took the money out of the military.

I called it an invasion. It's an invasion of our country. And it really worked. You know, walls work. Remember when they said -- the Democrats would say, 'you don't need walls'. Well, well, two things work. What are the two things? Walls and wheels. They'll never change everything else is obsolete immediately.

But walls and wheels will never change. And, we have a very secure border right now.

There's a real chance. You know you're the only one that's asked me that. Oh, I deal with all these big financial geniuses. Nobody ever. There is a chance that the money from tariffs could be so great that it would replace. You know, in the old days, 18- or about 1870 to 1913, the tariffs were the only form of money.

And that's when our nation was relatively the richest. We were the richest. They formed a committee in the 1880s, a very distinguished people to get rid of -- they had to get rid of money. They had so much money. They were making so much money. And this committee's sole purpose was how to dispose of it, who to give it to, what do we do? And then, brilliantly, in 1913, 1913, they went to the income tax system.

Then in 19- around 1931 or 1932, they tried to bring back tariffs, but it was too late. The country was gone. And they loved to blame tariffs for the Great Depression. But the Great Depression came before they put the tariffs on. They loved to do it, right. You know that. They were always talking about well then you had -- no, no the Great Depression started in 1929. Around 1931 they brought back tariffs.

But it was you know, as the expression goes, that sucker was gone.

Do you ever notice how they always talk about it? They brought it back after the depression.

Billions and billions of dollars and, hundreds of billions of dollars over a period of a year. Before I gave a little bit of a pause to lower just a little bit because, you know, it's a transition. You have to be, you have to have a little flexibility. But we were making two billion and three billion dollars a day.

We never made money like that. Your question is the greatest question. No financial reporter wants to ask me. It could replace the income tax. That's the kind of money we're talking about.

And the mortgage deduction, or an interest deduction on cars. If you buy a car, which I know, all I can say is we're trying like hell, yeah, okay. You know, it's really if you look to me 100%, I can promise. But I have some strange people I deal with. And we have to get it approved. But the no tax on tips I love, no tax on overtime is incredible.

No tax on Social Security for the seniors is great. And, the deduction of interest -- you buy a car, and if you buy the car, and it's only if it's made in America. Otherwise who cares, right? but if, and more and more factories are moving back, I think you see that everybody sees it. A lot of people don't like talking about it, but everybody sees it. We have record number of car factories coming back and other factories do you just saw today on the computer chips and -- and all of the things related to computer.

You see what's going on. It's crazy even beyond my wildest expectations. But the answer to your question is that, wilI I try and do those three things? Plus, I would like to add the interest on cars if it's made in America. I'm trying like hell.

And I think we'll be successful.

So maybe it's happening already, but, we said we're not going. We didn't give that canal. It was it was a ridiculous, stupid thing that was done. Jimmy Carter gave the Panama Canal one of the most profitable, one of the most, the eighth wonder of the world, the Panama Canal. He gave it for $1 to Panama. Thank you, Jimmy Carter.

That was a great investment --

So this was no -- that's not the art of the deal -- that's the opposite to the art of the deal. The Panama Canal was the single most expensive thing ever built. It cost like, modern day money, 1.8 trillion dollars. It's never been anything so expensive. And it ran unbelievably profitably. But our prices were much lower.

He gave it to them the following day. They increased their rates by four times, and it didn't stop one ship. Then they raised it again by two times. Anyway, it's -- it makes a fortune. We don't like the way it's run and we don't like the China influence. It seems like the China influence is gone. You know, when we, looked at that a year ago, almost every single flag and every single statement was written in Chinese.

Okay, I said we didn't give it to China. We gave it to Panama. We shouldn't have given it to Panama. And we're working with Panama right now. We're going to make a determination as to what to do about it.

Well, maybe in a certain way. And so what Panama did, what others are doing, and maybe thinking about doing, maybe. Yeah, maybe they should do that. Yeah.

Well, we're going to look at that. There are a lot of people, you know, it's nice to say yes, but there are thousands and thousands of people. And, maybe the ones that should be prosecuted, the Democrats who did it. They didn't do that for election. They did that for money.

More than election, I think.

Well, we just did secondary sanctions. As you know, these are the tariffs in a way, yes, but secondary sanctions on the oil and basically anybody taking oil from Venezuela is not allowed to in any way, shape or form come into the United States and deal with the United States and trade. And I never saw a boat go so quickly out of a harbor.

So we'll see. And, we're looking at Venezuela very, very carefully. And that election was rigged. There's no question.

Well, I love this question, and I'm proud that you have the courage to ask it. And, the answer is yes. We are going to do a lot having to do with elections. You need strong borders and you need good elections or you don't have a country, those two things. And then you need other things like a free press.

But you need those two things to start off with. Right. And, we're going to do that. And USAID was a disaster. The money was given away by the tens of billions by the hundreds of billions of dollars, and it was given away by a corrupt U.S. government and people that work for the U.S government. And, yeah, we're looking at that very strongly.

We had -- it's a very, very powerful thing -- Elon -- you know, his people were the ones that found this out and they've done a great service to our country.

Everybody knows. Now, the one good thing is that this term, I call it the third term, right? I just don't want the results of the second term.

But we won it 3 times. But I don't want the results because it was terrible what they've done to the border. When you think of it, what they've done to this country with the wars, Russia Ukraine would have never happened. October 7th in Israel would have never happened. Therefore, you wouldn't have hostages to worry about.

You wouldn't have -- You wouldn't have had anything because Iran was broke. They had no money. They couldn't give it to Hamas or Hezbollah, but that would have never happened. The Russia-Ukraine would have never happened. The worst embarrassment in the history of our country, I believe the Afghanistan withdrawal -- the way we withdrew.

I think it was the most embarrassing moment in history, our country -- wouldn't have happened. You wouldn't have inflation. And I can name about 25 other things, but you don't have the time. Especially in two languages. But, it's -- it's so horrible what took place and some people don't want it, want to mention it. But you know, the other thing, the Democrats keep talking the same way they did.

They still want to have men in women sports. I was watching a news program today and there was a congressman. I won't reveal his name because he was a nice guy, but he's so foolish. And he was fighting the announcer asking the question, demanding that men be allowed to participate in women sports. I said, 'this guy -- is he -- is he serious?' It's just hard to believe.

And that's one of many things. I mean, transgender for everybody. Open borders. How about open borders? Open borders. Let the entire world pour into our country from prisons and everything else. But let the entire world -- and it's not South America -- it's a whole world. From the Congo -- is one of the biggest -- prisoners from the Congo, Congo jails pouring into our country.

Who would allow this to happen? It's such a violation. So sad. So sad to see what happened. But I will say that, by doing it this way, it's a much more important presidency than it would have been. It was more standard. It's really become a historic presidency. And unless I answer a question very badly for you, we're going to keep it that way, Rachel.

Okay.

Yeah I do, I think I'm wiser. Nobody had any idea that something could be so corrupt. You know, nobody talked. In the old days, we didn't talk about, like, a corrupt election. You have an election? You assumed it was right. Turned out to be a total, like a scam. It's a scam. But when you think about it, how else can they win?

Open borders. Transgender for everyone. The -- the thing with women's sports, men playing in women's sports. I mean, you ever see the records of weightlifters? The difference between a man and a -- just in lifting weights. But it's also dangerous. They have men boxing women. You saw what happened in the Olympics.

Two guys were in, two guys won. And they decimated their opponents.

It's so crazy. And, you know, great women athletes who really, it's -- to me it's demeaning. It's just demeaning to women. But they are they're on those kicks. I actually tell Republican politicians, 'don't complain, wait till before the election because maybe they'll change it.'

Yeah, I did, I did a lot of it.

Yeah, I would.

Yeah I would.

Yeah, I would say just release it. He was somebody that was, I guess you'd have to say notorious. And I would say release it. And I did release the full Kennedy files. You know, people said, well, maybe not everything. Everything. And I said, if anybody has a problem, go to the office. We gave him an office address and they can look at every single piece of paper we have, and other files.

And as you know, the January 6th and all of the, all of that, we we've freed the people, they were treated so badly. There's never been, I mean, there have been some pretty bad instances, but there's probably never been anything like what happened with, the people from January 6th who were largely and is always exceptions, but largely great patriots for this country.

And so many people were happy with that. You know, I did that and I let them out. I gave him their freedom. They were treated worse than murderers. They were treated. I mean, people murder. They don't even go after them. They know they're there. They know where they are, where they pick them up. They don't even pick them up. They went after these people so violently.

And, so I took care of that. I took care of a lot of situations. I remember your last show -- that show -- with the two very good people alongside of you. And I think I took care of every one of those things, but I would do that. Yeah.

It's amazing when they don't give you the information. When you know -- when they don't, you know they're not in the right. That pipe bomber is not a person of the right. It's a person who left. Okay. And you know what? I watched some of those people in the Capitol. Our people don't carry ropes -- and I saw that, you know, this said that.

Our people aren't scaling, scaling.

Well, I we're going to try. Yeah, we're going to try. And there's hey, look the unselect Committee of political thugs -- these horrible people -- Democrats and two of the worst Republicans in history, crying Adam and Liz Cheney, two of the worst. They are just sick people. This was the committee. And it went for a year and a half.

At the end of a year and a half, what did they do? They destroyed every piece of evidence they had because it came out totally on our side. Nancy Pelosi was responsible for the security. She knew that. She proclaimed it on her daughter's tape. I mean, her daughter's a videographer or whatever the hell she does.

And she had Nancy complain, you know, saying, yeah, that she was responsible for it. Yes. They burned everything. And then Biden gave them all a pardon. These are congresspeople. These are people that are in Congress, not respected members, but they're in Congress. If you did that in a civil thing. But think of it, they burned, deleted, and destroyed every single document after a year and a half because like the person that said, I grabbed this massive Secret Service agent around their neck and I was rebuffed.

And then I went to the other one, and I think he was like, this big karate guy. And I went over there. And I had friends who say, 'don't ever change. It's so cool.' You know, I said, 'no, I just want the truth.'

But they burned all that information and I think she recanted. You know, I've heard she recanted her -- after two years. She said, 'no, it didn't happen.' Isn't it a shame though, huh? Isn't it a shame? I view that as being so egregious. And then what did Biden do? He -- I don't know him, or the autopen.

Whoever operated the autopen was really the president, because I don't know. But, Biden gave them all their freedom because they were dead. I mean, they literally -- and you know how they announced that it was like a little sentence in a document that nobody saw but me and a couple of others. It said, 'for the sake of clarity, we have decided to destroy all documents, destroy and delete all documents having to do.'

So they work for a year and a half, making everybody's life miserable. They realized that they were guilty as -- you know, all those secret agents, secret service agents, they honestly testified. They testified in a very honest way, and everything was wrong for them. And what, rather than exposing what they did, the criminal acts, they created a criminal act, and they did it like -- a really good.

But could you imagine if I deleted and destroyed all documents. And this is a hearing, a big deal that was set up that shouldn't have been allowed to go forward. And, that's it. So we can't even go after them because they were pardoned.

Now, these -- we're dealing with, with very corrupt people. We have a lot of corrupt people in our government.

Yeah, I am, and so far, they're all saying it was like a couple of nut jobs.

I don't know, you know the one person had 18 telephones. I have a lot of phones, but that's like three. And they're made for special reasons. I don't know what to believe, in it. I really don't. They did cremate him. His father went out and hired -- who -- they weren't rich people, they were probably middle income.

He's got the ultimate law firm. White-Shoe, a white-shoe law firm from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. Pittsburgh. And this was in Butler. So they went to Pittsburgh. And they have a lawyer that, you know, IBM would hire. Where did he get these? you know, this this person, the other one had, the original one, the one from Butler had, three apps and two of them were foreign based.

And I'll be honest, it has not been explained to me perfectly by the Secret Service or the FBI. We have somebody, two good people running that, and I would like to hear the explanation. Even if it's not released to the public, I should be allowed to hear. And I might very well release it to the public. But I wouldn't say it's. It was.

It's been suitable yet. Who has 18 phones? And why is -- why were two of the other ones and why they cremated him? You're right. Very, very quickly it was all gone. So, you and I will be talking about it maybe in the future.

Well, I know him and he's a great guy and his brothers in, and he's been really shaken up by it. And, just a fantastic, pretty young guy. And his brother, you know, I asked him and ten other people, we got out quite a few, but there were ten came into the Oval Office and I asked him, 'how many are there?' They said 59. And I said,' well, that's good.' He said, 'well, only 24 are living.' It's wild.

Right? So in other words, how many? They said 59. You've been here. That number of 59 a lot. It's 59. But as of today, 24 are living. But I've also spoken to parents who know that their son, in this case, I think all sons, are dead. But the mothers are saying, almost more importantly, we have to get the body of our son.

As though the son were alive, it's amazing. It's so tragic. But think of it because I spoke to him specifically and he said, there are 59 but 24 are alive. It's incredible. So we're working really hard to get them out. At the same time, some big things are happening. As you can imagine.

I think he's got a good chance, I hope so, I mean, we're trying to. Yeah, we're trying to we're going out of our way because a lot of people would say, look, we have to go and do what we have to do. We're trying very hard to get him out. You know, we got quite a few out, but it's very time-consuming. They let one out.

They'll let two out or three out. Sometimes they'd be okay. And sometimes they're in really bad shape. Yeah, really bad shape.

I asked them one question and he was in the group. Ten people came to the White House to thank me. It was really nice. I said, 'when you were captured, how was it?' They said -- almost indescribable. They almost couldn't talk about it, but they were kept in a pipe. You know, you hear caves, but it's really not a cave or a tunnel.

It was a pipe. And the pipe wasn`t much taller like than that -- of a fairly large pipe, but not a pipe where you can stand up. And, and they were there for a long time, and they thought they were going to run out of air, etc., etc. I said during the time that you were there, one was there for like 500 days and 300 days and I said, 'did you ever have any -- were there any people like I said, 'hey, wink at you like, don't worry, you're going to get out.

Or here's a little extra bread or an extra meal or something.' Was there any of that? No, I said didn't, 'some like out of hundreds of people that, didn't somebody wink at you and say, like, you're going to be fine, we're going to get you out of here.' No, no. You know, the Holocaust, as bad as it was, there were a lot of stories where people got helped.

You know, they said there was zero. He said, 'all we got was slapped. We didn't get help. We got slapped.' And there was no love. There was no warmth. There was no nothing. It's pretty amazing.

Well, I am, and it's just a beautiful time of the year. And I remember that with Biden.

Look, he was the worst president in the history of our country, and we've had some bad ones. But there was never anybody like this. I don't even know if he was president because he didn't know where the hell he was.

You know, look, she was certainly involved because he gave her the last meeting to preside over with the cabinet -- the cabinet meeting.

No, I don't think so. She was -- they had a lot of bad people. They had a lot of radical left lunatics in there. And I think he was perfect. He was perfect for them because he didn't have a clue. I think it was probably revealed at the debate. Maybe more. I think if he didn't have that debate, he would have gotten through.

And, we were up by so much. Well, how does it feel now? You're leading and you spent a lot of money, and, you know, Kamala is not even somebody you're thinking about. All of a sudden you're running against somebody else. But she was grossly incompetent also. I mean, the two of them, it was -- got to beat two people, not one.

It's is like, it's like you're you're winning by 35 points on one. And they said, 'oh, well, we'll get that one out. We'll give you a new one.' But it all worked out well. I tell you what, this has been an amazing presidency. I think we've done -- I don't think -- I know we have done far more than we ever could have if the election were normalized and we went on to a second term, we wouldn't be able to do the kind of things we're doing right now.

That I agree with you.

I have Ohio State. I have a six foot nine guys that weigh 390 pounds waiting for me.

So first of all, the Hispanic people have been supportive of me like no other candidate, but no one, certainly no other Republican candidate, which is a little bit new. I got a call from, a great gentleman, the governor of Texas, who told me and he told me very strongly. He said, 'you won every single town and city along the border to Mexico.

And it's never happened before, nor has it even come close to happening.' He said, 'it's not since reconstruction.' By that he meant, I said, 'you mean by the Civil War.' That's a long time ago. He said, 'you won every single town, Spanish-speaking town, all along the border of Texas and beyond.' And I said, 'thank you very much.' They're great people.

They work so hard. They are very, very entrepreneurial. Always have been and always will be. See, that's genetics too. You know, we talked about genetics before. That's genetics too. And they like me and I like them I love them, they love me. I think you know it's been it's been great. That's one of the reasons we won by so by so much the Hispanic vote.

But you know when it comes to -- some people, a lot of people ask me why -- and the theme of this was Make America Great Again. And it's so easy because just in a nutshell, I just have to say it Make America Great Again. That's why I'm doing it. We have a chance to be really great. What we I think we're starting to be there very soon.

You're seeing what's happening. People have said 'if you didn't win, this country was going to fail.' It was going to fail. It was financially, in other words, it was going to fail. Maybe even worse in so many other ways with all of this horrible stuff that they made you believe. Our country was going to be a big failure, and it wasn't going to be long.

And, you know, the theme of the campaign is Make America Great Again. And it has been from the day I started, and we're doing it. And that's why I'm doing it, because we've had tremendous success, even if you look, it's only been a couple of months, I guess we're very close to 100 days, actually, and in this short period of time, we have made such an impact.

We're respected all over the world again. We were laughed at. We had a man that -- it was just horrible what he was saying the way he was. He couldn't walk upstairs. I don't want to be insulting, like -- but it was a little embarrassing, okay, to put it mildly. And the president's really a reflection on the country.

And he's the worst. He was the worst. He was a horrible, I don't think he was a nice person, but nobody really ever, really it doesn't matter. I mean, frankly, you just want somebody that does a great job. But we're making America great again and that's why I'm doing it. And I think we're doing really well.

And it's an honor to be with you. You've been -- you've been with me. I think that's why the Hispanics like me so much. You've been with me from the beginning. And your husband, by the way, is doing a fantastic job at transportation. He has learned more about roads and railroads and airplanes than anybody I could imagine.

He's doing a great job.

America grande.

America grande, otra vez!