Well, you got some very bad rulings, and it's a shame to see it, frankly. They want to sort of tell everybody how to run the country when they say that certain people in charge of massive agencies or people doing very, very -- important people, smart people doing investigations of fraud. And they don't talk about what you're looking at. All they say is, "Oh, it's unconstitutional." But when you look at what's been found, the fraud and the waste and the abuse -- but the fraud, outright fraud at, you know, so many different places.

Where do you see what's -- what's going to come up? What's going to come up is -- is unthinkable? And you can say it with great knowledge and with great, you know, great flavor. If you want to say it, you can say it with great flavor because it's going to be dramatic. And it's a shame what's happening, Mark.

It's really a shame, but judges should be ruling. They shouldn't be dictating what you're supposed to be doing. And why is somebody saying that you're not allowed to. As an example, USAID, you take a look at it, and -- and you look at the kind of things that we found, just point after point. Normally, you'd find one out of 100 bad.

Now, you find one out of 100 good. It's just absolutely crazy. But we're making tremendous progress, I will tell you. The country is making tremendous progress. There's a light over our country right now

So, if I didn't do what I said I was going to do, we're not going to have a country very long because the country was in serious problem. I mean, we've made such a comeback. It's been amazing, but the country just is in serious -- serious problem. You look at $36 trillion in debt. If we're not going around looking for fraud, waste, abuse, and everything else, you're not going to have a country.

So, we're doing a job. People are shocked by what's been found. And, Mark, I'm telling you, it's peanuts compared to what is going to be announced.

Yeah.

Well, I see where they're trying to Donald Trump-proof places like New York and California. I mean, New York, the corruption in the court system is -- is unthinkable. What they've done in the court system to people and, in particular, to me and to others is just --can't be allowed to go on. And, you know, you want to help places, and you want to help the big cities and the inner cities and these states that, in cases, are horribly, horribly run.

But it really makes it difficult to want to help, I will tell you. It makes it difficult when you're a victim of -- of massive frauds, whether it's the courts or whether it's the bad prosecutors like Alvin Bragg and Letitia James, who's totally corrupt. Both of them, they ran on "I will get Trump." They knew nothing about me. They just knew "I would get Trump." And when you see that and then you see people fleeing the city, fleeing New York -- and they're going because of incompetence corruption and many other reasons.

You know, the reasons companies leave and people leave and jobs leave. And it's really sad to see, very sad to see.

Right.

Yeah.

Well, I hear from people from all over the world. I hear from leaders of countries that aren't even that friendly to us, and they say there's a light over the country, that -- and a light over the world, not just our country. They feel better, they feel safer. And these are countries that are, you know, pretty tough competitors.

And they feel differently. I can tell you the people in the US, they feel so relieved. We had grossly incompetent and corrupt people running our country, grossly. They were incompetent, and they were corrupt. That's a deadly combination. And we've done a real job in two and a half weeks with being credited.

Some are saying the best two and a half weeks ever done for the start of a presidency. And that's good. I'm very happy about that.

Unbelievable. It's unbelievable, Mark.

Yeah, well, when you say media, the radical left media, you know, left.

I read about Politico, and I read about others, and they're all left, way left. And you never get -- you know, you win an election -- it's an amazing thing. It's an amazing phenomena. You win an election in a landslide, and yet, you virtually, all year long, didn't get a good story. Think of it. Which really tells you the public is very smart.

But the money that goes to the media, and they call it, I guess, you purchase a paper and -- you know, they purchased a hell of a lot of papers for the money they spent. But it's corrupt, you know that. And I'm sure it's an election violation, and we'll have to see what happens. But that's a massive campaign violation because, basically, they're there to serve the Democrat Party.

That's all they do, serve the Democrat Party. They're corrupt people, and it's a corrupt -- it's a -- it's a -- it's become a very corrupt system because of it. And people lose confidence. But it really gets other people. If you happen to be on the other side -- for instance, we just passed a no men in women's sports.

We're not going to let men beat women up. You have to see boxing matches, it's horrible to watch. We're not going to let this happen. That's just -- little things like a straw. People don't want paper straws, and we just ruled that out. You don't have to have paper straws that explode on you, half the time ruin your clothing.

I mean, they literally show pictures of these things. They're not meant -- they're not meant to be -- paper is not meant to be used for a straw. And so, even a little thing like that was trending No. 1. You know, it's like -- because it's -- I think it's a 95 percent --

Issue, probably 95. Men in women sports is a -- I mean, the numbers on that are just through the roof. And they stick with it. I watched on television the other night, it was very interesting, where a Democrat -- a prominent Democrat, I won't mention the name, but a prominent Democrat is trying to justify men being in women's sport.

Now, as long as they do that, they're never going to win a race because I said -- or open borders. Who would want open borders? Who wants to have people from all over the world pouring into our country? And I'm happy to say, we have the tightest borders we've ever had right this moment.

Much different.

Much different. Number one, I know a lot of people. I didn't know anybody. I wasn't in the -- the world of Washington, DC. But the radical left, they've really lost their confidence. It was a bad election defeat. They lost everything and -- presidentially. And they've lost their confidence. They've lost the strut.

You know, they were -- they had a bunch of real bad, very bad people, very, very bad people. I actually think they're sick people, you want to know the truth and what they've done. But they've lost a lot of confidence, and they seem to be different. Plus, I have much greater support than I have had. And, you know, I won the popular vote by millions of votes.

I won the -- all seven swing states. You remember you and I talked, and it looked like I was going to win, do well.

But nobody -- you just don't win all seven. I won all seven and won them easily, won states that generally aren't won by Republicans, won them by a lot. So, we have a big mandate. And it's really -- I don't know why they should be surprised, but they -- they seem to be really -- I mean, they -- they are taking it hard.

You know, they go out and they pay Beyonce, as an example. Somebody just showed me something. They gave her $11 million.

An endorsement, I guess, because she didn't sing. They paid Oprah $2 million. They even paid a scam artist named Al Sharpton, total scam artist.

Tawana Brawley, you know, you and I grew up with this --

Lunatic. And he's scamming them. You know, Brian Roberts at Comcast, what he's allowed to happen to that company, it's got to -- he ought to be ashamed. It's a big campaign contribution. How he hired Al Sharpton is a classic, OK? It's a classic. When you watch the guy, he can't even speak. And, you know, it's all a scam.

But the good news is the public understands it. The public has gotten wise to it. They've seen it. And -- but how do you pay Beyonce 11 million?

And then, you know, they ran out of -- no, they also ran out of money, they have no money. They spent $2.7 billion, and they can't raise --

The final $28 million that they've been looking for, for a long time.

Yep.

Well, I think the worst moment was probably endured by Taylor Swift, who got practically booed out of the stadium. And by the way, they were really nice to me, if you saw that, but --

It was very nice.

Yeah, three seconds. It was -- it was not a long -- it's sort of interesting. They put it on for three seconds, you're right, and the place went crazy.

They got me off as fast as they could. I don't know if that's Fox or the NFL or who it is. I really don't know, but it was sort of interesting. I didn't care. I don't care. If I did care, I'd end up being a basket case. But it was -- people commented. In fact, when the crowd -- because, you know, it takes a little while to look up at the screen, right?

By the time they looked, it was gone, but the place still went wild. So, it was pretty good. But she got -- she got really hit and because they don't like it. The other thing I hated watching was the kickoff where you have --

People -- the ball is in play, and you have two teams frozen in place, and it is the weirdest looking thing. I think it's so bad for that game. They want to reinvent the game. And I think it's more dangerous than the other way, frankly. They do it -- because they think they're going to help with concussions.

That's not -- that's not going to help anything. But it really looks horrible. I thought it was terrible. And the game, obviously, it was not -- not a well-played game by the one team. I will say this. The -- the Eagles were really just like -- it was like flawless football. Amazing. Even the first play, they called it back.

It was a long pass. It was, you know, either a touchdown or going to be a touchdown, and they called it back, the completed long pass. And they went on to get touchdown after touchdown. They really played great.

Yeah, they're plotting a lot of things. And, so far, it's gotten them nothing. And they went -- they impeached me, they indicted me, they did everything you can do. They're just corrupt people. And you have to handle it as it comes. The -- the good news is the American public is smart, and they understand it. They get it 100 percent.

And these people are not the same people they were. They're -- they're trying -- they're fighting so hard, but it's not sticking. Nothing's sticking with them, and we're going to keep it that way, Mark.

Oh, that's great. I appreciate it. I see it, and I feel it. And I'm looking at numbers where I see it, too. You know, it's more than just look or feel. But we're going to -- we're going to have a rich and great country again. We're doing things that nobody else would do, and that had to be done. And, you know, we did great in 2016. We did much better by 10 or 12 million votes the second time.

And terrible things happened, terrible, terrible things a disgrace. But I'll tell you what, what's happened this time is -- is much bigger. It's actually -- makes it a more, more important time. And I think you're going to see some things you're going to be very happy about. The American public is going to be very happy with the end result.

And we're going to -- we're going to really do a job.

Thank you, Mark.

Thank you very much, Mark.

Bye.