We work hard.

What a great team?

Blew them all away.

No. There were just so many things that the country needed. I mean, honestly, this country, what they did in four years was so disastrous for the country. I wish I didn't have to do so much, but they did things that were just horrible. I mean with energy, they terminated ANWR, which is the biggest find in the world, in the whole world, in Alaska, they terminated it. They did things on the border that are shocking, just absolutely shocking.

You know we have the best border we've ever had now, and three months ago it was the worst border in history, probably for any country, not just here. There was no border. There's never been a border like that where prisons and gangs and drug dealers and murderers are allowed to walk in without being checked or vetted?

So, it wasn't by design, it was just that they have so many things. I mean we're doing a lot more. There are a lot more to come.

Well, I think they're working hard. I think you're going to see that. If we pass the -- as I call it, the Big, Beautiful Bill, you know we're talking about one bill. We were talking, as you remember, it was a debate on should we do one big one or should we do three or four or two? And we're doing it in one bill, which I thought was much more beautiful because it's everything.

It's everything, it's tax cuts, it's regulation cuts, it's things that you wouldn't believe, lots of, you know -- big, it's big and we get that done, it's beautiful. And we are getting along very well. I will tell you, the Republicans, we had a majority a few months ago of one in the House, now we have seven.

That's a lot. We won two races and picked up a couple of others in addition, but we're up to seven, that's a big -- that's a big difference.

So, we're going to codify and we're going to wait till after the bill is passed and then we're going to work on nothing but codifying. As an example, the other day I did showerheads and sinks and the whole thing.

Isn't it nice?

No, you go into a new building, the hotel, and no water comes out, no water comes out of the sink. All of that's done, dishwashers. We did a little thing, very little thing, but it was a big thing to some people -- straws. We are now making again straws that are plastic straws as opposed to paper that melts -- that melts in your mouth.

And so many different things. It's been really amazing. A lot of them, common sense.

Well, I mean, I really think we've done a lot because we -- the biggest tax cuts like last -- you know, we had a tremendous four years.

Well, if you look at -- and this is not the biggest thing, but it's a big thing, men in women's sports. How these people can be promoting it even now is unbelievable. The men playing in women's sports. When you -- you know, we put a whole thing out on that and that's no longer a part of our fabric. Hopefully, we have a couple of people like Maine, the governor of Maine, who wants to play the game and she's going to lose an election if she runs.

I don't know if she runs, I couldn't care less, but she was one that wanted to take it on. Even in California, they gave up on that one pretty much. That was something that's amazing. Open borders to me are amazing. We don't have open borders. We have nice, closed borders now. We have -- people can come into our country, but they have to come in legally.

But I mean, how amazing is that when you have -- because you're asking about things that I see that are amazing. That's amazing that you can have an open border where prisoners from all over the world are allowed to come into our country. 11,888 murderers are allowed into our country, we have that number of murderers.

We're taking them out as rapidly as we can. And by the way, we're being met with strong resistance from judges that are -- I don't know where they come from. I don't know where they come from.

It's obstruction and what they're doing to the country is unbelievable. But we're getting it done and we're winning, but it's so much more difficult than it should be. When you have a murderer that people are protecting. When you have people like -- you know, you read so much about the wonderful man from Maryland, who was just wonderful.

But he had on his knuckles tattooed MS-13. We didn't know he was MS-13. And the Democrats are working hard to protect him. And you know, it's not -- I don't want to get into his reputation, but it's not exactly stellar. And when they do that that's like, you know, how they protect open borders, as I said, or so many of the other things, you know, transgender for everybody.

A lot.

Yes.

Well, they don't want to do anything about it. That's right. Well, when you look at the kind of money that we found, fraud, waste, abuse, when you look at billions of dollars given to people that had nothing, and billions -- I mean, Stacey Abrams was given $2 billion into an environmental account where she had $100 -- $2 billion.

Now $2 million is a lot, $200,000 is a lot, she's given $2 billion out of that grouping. No, it's a terrible, terrible -- oh, and that was nothing compared to some of the ones that we found. And you know, the -- and the press doesn't even want to write about it by the way.

Well, I think -- Pam Bondi is doing a fantastic job. She's our law enforcement person that's doing outstanding work, I really think so. I think Kash is going to be -- at FBI, is doing a really great job. Now it's very early, so I can't really tell you, but I think a lot of the things that you're talking about have to be looked at, they have to be looked at.

Well, I would say in all due respect -- and I really like the president a lot, I've gotten to know her and I really like her. She's an elegant, beautiful woman, but I think it's run by the cartels.

And they have so much control over it and I think the politicians are -- you know, they're afraid. I think the police are probably afraid, a lot of them are shot and killed. And even the military is very much afraid.

Nothing surprises me. When you see the kind of drugs coming in, comes in from China. You know, we tax them 20 percent because of what they've done with fentanyl, but it goes through Mexico largely. And it goes through Canada too, by the way, right, a lot goes through Canada, but it comes through Mexico and Canada.

But when you watch Mexico, what's happening, It's pretty amazing. And we've shut down the border, but we've shut it down and I didn't need laws passed, you know, as the expression goes, they just needed a new president. They said shut down the border, we shut it down and we shut it down tight. But yeah, Mexico's got some very big problems.

You're right, Glenn. And I've asked to -- I said, would you like some help? I'd be glad to give you help. No, no, no, we don't want help. They really don't want help. Please, please. We do not want help and I think they need help.

Well, I can't tell you about that because that would be -- that would be breaking news, wouldn't it? But you know, you could say at some point maybe something's going to have to happen. It can't go on the way it is. Look, when we closed the borders, that was a big deal and we had to fight very hard to close.

That was not just as simple as it sounded because it happened fast. There were lots of skirmishes that went on because that was a big revenue source.

For some -- a lot of people. But no, we're here to help Mexico if we can. I like the president very much. I like the people, so many of the Representatives, but it can't be easy for them. It really -- it's -- I think it's a very dangerous job.

Don't check them for anything.

Yeah.

Yeah, I think he could say that.

Well, I hope we don't have that problem, and I hope we don't have to get into it. But I will say we have millions of people in this country right now that are criminals, and you see how fast we're getting them out. And we're going to get them out even faster. But when you have to get out and do court cases for individual people and you would have, in theory, millions of court cases, you know what that means.

If you had one court case it takes forever. Millions of court cases? They're really saying you're not allowed to do what I was elected to do. I was elected for -- a very big part of it was the border and getting people out, because I said -- and the stats reveal it. When you look at Tren de Aragua, when you look at MS-13, when you look at these gangs and just really bad criminals coming in -- you know, we have many murderers, people that killed, 50 percent of which killed more than one person.

They put them into our country through open borders, and now we have to go to court to get them out. I don't think the people of our country are going to stand for it.

No, that's money found and it's a lot of money, you know, it's $150 billion. And think of it, that's a lot of money. Now, that's continuing, and it will continue. You know, it's not easy, these are thieves.

In many cases, thieves. In many -- in some cases it's incompetence and all, but it's also thieves. That number is continuing, but that's -- if you just stopped at that number, that's a tremendous number. We found things that you wouldn't believe. And then there's others that you look at certain rolls of Medicare, Medicaid, Social Security where people that don't exist are on, where people that do exist, but they're not supposed to be on are on it. You know, we have -- that's just building up, that number's building up very rapidly.

Very big, yeah.

Well, he probably knows more than anybody else than I know about it, but we have some great people here. And I think -- I mean, I don't know that that's how I'm going to be defined. But AI is certainly very important and we're pressing it very hard. We have so many -- we have trillions of dollars being invested.

And whatever it is, you know, if you're not into that world, you have to say whatever it is, it's big. Because the biggest people are coming in and companies with more money than anything else you can imagine, more than even the car plants. We're opening up many, many car plants, factories, if you want to call them that because that's what they are.

And they're coming in from Mexico. They're coming in from Canada. They're coming in because of the tariffs. We're getting record numbers. We have over $7 trillion worth of investment already, think of that. It's going to be unbelievable. But AI is one of the biggest -- one of the biggest things I've ever seen.

And you know, these places that they're building, if you said $200 million, $300 million, that's for a corner of the building. These are the biggest things, and I'm making it possible, as you probably know, with AI. The one thing is you need massive amounts of electricity. And I'm getting it for them, and I'm getting immediate approval and I'm letting them build their electric plant.

In other words, they're becoming really a producer of electricity. So --

They can use nuclear if they want for the energy; they need to create electricity.

They need more electricity than we have right now in our country.

Powering everything, which is crazy.

Yeah, we're going to get it done very quickly.

We're going to let them become utilities actually, we're going to let them build their own electric plant. Because when they first came to me, I heard this number that we have to double electricity. And we're way ahead of China right now, by the way, you probably heard, way, way ahead on AI.

And they don't have the problem with electricity because, you know, that takes one person's approval. We have to go through a process. And I call it a national emergency. We have to be -- we're going to be number one, we're going to be number one in everything, we have to be or we're going to lose our spot.

And that's not going to happen. If we have competent presidents, we will do great. If we don't have competent presidents, we just witnessed four years of the most incompetent human being anyone's ever imagined and it really hurt this country, but we're bringing it back fast.

Yeah.

I'd better be, we need it.

I think you'll be surprised. Now, when I say congress, Republicans in congress, because we have majorities, they're not big majorities. In the Senate we're up three, which is OK. And in the House we're up seven, as I said. And we are going to be coming forward with -- it's the biggest bill, I think, in history.

And I think you will say that if we get that passed, you're going to give them very good marks.

Because everything's in that bill, and then all we have to do is work the bill work, the magic. But it'll be the biggest tax cut in history. It'll be the biggest regulation cuts in history. It'll be so many other things. And I think that if congress gets them approved, and I think they will -- now, we will get no votes from democrats.

It's horrible, it's horrible. The divide is so incredible. You look at what's going on. I mean Schumer did the right thing and he ends up being excommunicated from his party when you think about it, right. The level is just so bad there. Their policy is so bad. You know, they're great at cheating and they're great at certain things, but they are so bad on policy.

They're so far off. When I watch them trying to prosecute the same things that they just lost an election in a landslide on, and they're still going through the same things. It's crazy. And they don't know who their leaders are. They have a new one, Crockett. Have you seen Crockett? Have you ever seen her talk?

This is going to be their leader.

We can hope in one way, but in another way it's pretty demeaning.

It's demeaning to our country, but you don't see anybody out there.

You've said it so well because people don't talk about that; even I don't mention it enough. We helped countries after World War II, we helped them rebuild, and the Korean War with South Korea.

And we never stopped, and they became very successful, and they stole our businesses. Look, South Korea took our car business, our shipbuilding business, you know, so many different businesses, technology, electronics. If you look at Japan -- and I'm not knocking them, I think it's great, what they did for them.

The one I'm knocking and the people I'm knocking are our presidents and our leaders, that we allowed that to happen.

You might be.

You might.

So, we have one big chance to become really amazing, and that's with me, whether we like it or not. I hate to put that weight on my shoulders, but that's what we have, because we were ripped off by every country, I always say friend and foe. And honestly the friend was oftentimes worse than the foe. Ripped off on trade, ripped off on the military too.

When I got involved in NATO, I wasn't a big expert in NATO, but I have a lot of common sense, and I figured it out in about two minutes. Nobody was paying. I mean, they weren't paying their bills. So, we were defending Europe, and we were getting ripped off by Europe in trade. It was like massive; no country can sustain that.

We were paying most of the bill for NATO. And when I say most, I mean, like in the 80 and 90 percents and maybe 100. And I got involved and I said, you're going to have to pay your bills or we're not going to be here for you any longer. And they said, well, does he really mean that? And they said, you mean, if we don't pay the bill, you're not going to be here?

Nope, I'll be gone.

And they said, hmm. And the secretary general of NATO, Stoltenberg, good guy, said -- he has done something that I've never witnessed before. Because Bush would come in, give a speech and leave. Obama would come in, give a speech and leave. Biden we don't even talk about because he followed me, he let it get out of control.

But he said Trump came in, didn't give a speech, made a nice speech, but didn't give, didn't care about it. What he cared about was the fact that nobody was paying -- they weren't paying their bills. So, we were ripped off; we were defending them, and they were killing us with the European Union, which was formed for the sole purpose of taking advantage of the United States of America.

And I said this isn't going to go on. So, I'm not so popular in Europe because of what I've done, but in many ways I am popular. People don't want to see us fail.

They get it.

It is happening over there. It's happening.

Yeah.

She's been very nice. She's been saying good things about me. You know, she got --

I think so. I mean, she basically said I want to reduce taxes, and they threw her out and she was right. You know, I reduced taxes, it's one of the things that made us do so well.

Because we had the strongest economy in history during my first four years. You know, my first four years was incredible. I think we're going to do even better now. But we have a chance to do something that's monumental and I'm in the process of doing it right now.

I don't have to negotiate. I don't have to negotiate, I'm talking to people out of respect, but I don't have to. So, we're this giant store that people want to come in and buy from. We're the United States. We have the richest consumer, etc., etc., right? But we're not going to be that way for long if we don't do something.

But we're this giant store and they all want to come in and they want to take our product. But to take our product, they're going to have to pay, and will either make a deal with them or we'll just set a price because some countries are worse than others. Some countries have ripped us off really badly, and some countries have just ripped us off a little bit.

But almost all of them have ripped us off because we've had really poor leadership. And what's going to happen is we're going to negotiate with -- we are negotiating, we're negotiating with 70 different countries. We're negotiating; we're showing great respect. But in the end, we may make deals, but either that or I just set a price, I said here's what you're going to pay for the privilege of servicing the United States of America.

And they have an option, they can maybe talk to me a little bit or they cannot shop, you know, they don't have to shop at this big store. Or they can shop, but in any event, they're going to have to pay. Look, we owe $36 trillion for a reason. The reason is the trade, and also the endless wars, the stupid wars that we fought.

We go into the Middle East, we blow it up, we leave, we don't get anything. And you're a big fan of exactly what I'm saying, meaning, let's not do this stupid stuff.

It's stupid. Endless wars -- endless wars that they don't even want us. You know, we got into wars, they didn't even want us. So, all of that stuff -- you know when I left four years ago, we had no wars. We had no Israel and Hamas and, by the way, would have never happened because Iran was broke, they were broke.

I had sanctions that were so strong on Iran. They were totally broke. They had no money for Hamas or Hezbollah. We didn't have Russia-Ukraine, that would have never happened by the way. We didn't have the Afghanistan embarrassment -- one of the great embarrassments in the history of our country. We didn't have any inflation.

Don't forget, I charged China hundreds of billions worth of tariffs. They talk about inflation. We had no inflation because that doesn't cause inflation; stupidity causes inflation, high energy caused inflation. When they took over my energy -- we were making it like nobody's ever seen. And then the prices doubled.

By the way, because of that Putin went in. If they kept -- you see what's going on with energy now, it's going down.

It makes it much harder for Putin to prosecute the war. So, we have a lot of great things on the horizon.

You said it.

So, look, Russia is a very big military force and Ukraine isn't. Without Ukraine -- and I'm the one that supplied the javelins to them. So, you know, I did a lot for them because the tanks got stuck in the mud and then they got javelins, right. And they always say Trump gave the javelins and it was in that case Obama gave sheets.

He gave sheets, they sent nothing. But Biden gave money like nobody's ever seen before, $350 billion -- $350 billion, gave military equipment, gave storage. We had massive storage bins full of ammunition, buildings as long as the eye could see for -- gave the ammunition. What he did is -- look, between the border and the this and the that.

But this war is so bad and it's -- And remember this, I say it here, I say it every time, this is Biden's war, not my war. I'm just trying to end it. And I'm actually ending it, yes, for money, but I'm not ending it for that, number one, I'm ending it because they're losing 5,000 people a week. Young soldiers are being killed, Russian and Ukrainian both.

But in the end, Russia has a lot of soldiers, and they have a very big military. And things were said like when Zelenskyy was in the Oval Office, I was talking about getting it done and he starts screaming, but we need security, meaning security after the fact. I said security, I don't even know if we can get this deal done.

He's asking for more, just more and more and more. And he doesn't have the cards, as you know, because you see what's happening over there. He doesn't have the cards. So, hopefully, he's going to get it done because I don't believe that Vladimir Putin would be doing this for anybody else but me -- a lot of people have said it too.

I think he had the idea of going all the way through. I think he's willing to make a deal and I would say thus far he's been easier to deal with than Zelenskyy, thus far.

Oh? Oh, we're making it nice.

We're making it the way it should be.

Yeah, no, it's good and I think I've transferred it and transformed it, maybe more importantly in what we're doing with our ideas, our policies because we had some really bad things happening to our country. And we now have a strong border. We're now respected. When you take a look at the money that's pouring in through the tariffs, you're going to see -- I mean, I want to -- that would be an ambition.

I'm going to make you a fan of it.

Not that I want to do, you know, tariffs or anything else, but I want to save our country.

We were losing $5 billion a day. You can't do that. It's not sustainable. So, we'll be doing another interview in a year or two years from now and you're going to say, you know, you were right on that. I've been right about a lot of things.

Yeah, but it's a great honor to be with you. Thank you.

Thank you.