Hi, thank you very much.

Not bad at all, not bad at all. It's a beautiful plane and we're doing a lot of business and we have a lot of good things happening.

Well, I've been busy but I've enjoyed it because we're getting things accomplished. We're getting things done. You know, you can have times when you're working very hard and not getting things done. That happens too. But we're getting a lot done. I don't think there's ever been a little period like this with the potential nuclear war and, uh, two countries.

They have very good leaders, people I know very well. And you know, it was, uh, it was a very important process. We got involved with India and Pakistan.

Well, I did like what was happening and, uh, you hear -- you know, there're two very strongly nuclear countries. Very, very powerful amount of nuclear too. Serious stuff. And if that ever started, boy, that's the beginning of something that could be really bad. Even a minimal, minimal. You could have millions of people killed.

And with one shot, two shots. And I just thought it was something we could get involved in. And, uh, I did a good job. Marco did a good job and J.D. did a good job, we sort of were a team. And we, I think, convinced him to let's have peace and let's go and make trade deals. If we can make trade deals, we like that much better than nuclear weapons.

And, uh, that was, that was a great thing. And we did a good job with the Houthis, uh, stop with the shooting of the ships. They, uh, like shooting ships down --

Well, it is with respect to America. Now, you know, you can't always count on somebody necessarily telling the truth. But their surrogates were very strong, very powerful. Uh, very good relationship with them. You know, they're tough fighters. They can take a lot of punishment, but, uh, they, uh -- with respect to America, they say it's true.

So we'll see. You'll know. You'll be the first to know, won't you?

Yeah.

Well, they met on Saturday and Sunday and they had a deal pretty much from the beginning. It was the concept of a deal. And, uh, you know, one of the things that -- uh, as you know, it's sort of a ninety-day deal as we negotiate other aspects. But one of the things I think that could be most exciting for us and also for China, is that we're trying to open up China.

Because as you know, many years ago, we opened up the USA. Now it's time for China to open up, and that's part of our deal. And we're gonna open up China. And to me that's the most exciting part. But yeah, we made a deal. The relationship is very good. I've always had a good relationship with President Xi. It was interrupted because of COVID, obviously.

But, uh, outside of that I've always had a great relationship, a lot of respect for him. And, uh, we'll see how that all works out. But we have the confines of a very, very strong deal with China. But the most exciting part of the deal, we -- it was mentioned, but we -- we don't talk about it yet. That's the opening up of China to US business.

And that would be like opening up a whole new world, and I think it would be even better for China. So I think we'll be able to make that deal, I hope.

Yeah, I could see that. I mean, I'm not sure that it'll be necessary but, uh, that happened with the UK. We were close to a deal but we -- we needed one point or two points, uh, on pork and ethanol. Okay. Two very different subjects. And I called up the Prime Minister, who's an excellent man, Keir. Excellent man.

And, uh, within about, uh, three minutes it was over. We made the deal. It was a good deal for everybody. And we have a lot of deals now. We have a lot of trade deals that want -- I -- I'd say virtually everybody wants to make a deal.

Well, for many years, we were taken advantage of by other countries and the drug companies, but I blame the other countries in a way more, the European Union, et cetera. They were very nasty and very tough to the drug companies and, uh, they would give them a very low price for drug costs in the European nations.

And when that price was given, that was it. They wouldn't negotiate. They -- they said, "Let America pay for the difference," and this happened all over the world with other countries. And we had stupid people leading us and -- especially over the last four years. And they wouldn't do anything about it. And it turned out that we were paying and sometimes you saw 10 times more for the same drug.

Same drug, same company, same plant where they make it, laboratory. And it got to a point where I said, "We're not gonna do this anymore." The -- the pharmaceutical industry is very powerful and probably the most powerful, consider the most powerful lobby. And, uh, the Democrats were making it impossible to lower drug prices.

They knew what they were doing. And, uh, I instituted a Most-Favored-Nations provision or concept where we're gonna pay whatever the lowest country pays in the world. So if it's, uh, the UK which pays very low and -- and any country. It could be any country, whatever the lowest price is. And the drug companies have accepted it. Everybody accepts it. But the Democrats never wanted to play ball, they never wanted to do anything.

It's the Democrats' fault that people were being ripped off for years and years. And now, I hear Democrats saying, "Oh, well, we're gonna now go for the bill." It's gonna be very hard for them not to approve the big beautiful bill that we're doing. We're doing the biggest tax cuts in the history of our country, because, uh, people are gonna be getting a 50 to a 90% reduction in drug prices.

Not a half a percent. I remember when I would fight so hard to get a half a point and I actually had it down a half a point for one year. And I was so proud of myself 'cause that never happened before. It was always going up. Drugs only went in one direction. That's up. And now, after studying the industry, it's a very complex industry, but I figured it out and I said, "It's not gonna happen." But the Democrats fought very hard to keep the prices of drugs very, very high.

They are really ought to blame for this because they should have done something about it. And when the Republicans went with requests, they -- they said, "We're not gonna approve it." And now, we have a unified Republican party. But I think the Democrats are gonna approve this bill too, because how are they gonna reject a 60, 70, 80% drug cut?

I don't think they can.

That's right.

Well, they used to use that -- if I could interrupt. They used to use that as a reason why we were paying 5 and 10 times more than other countries. They say, "Because of research and development," and I'd always say, "Well, what about you doing research and development for the rest of the world too? Why are we paying for 100%?" So we paid 100% for research and development.

Which along with other things, believe it or not, raised the price to -- to a point where you were 5 to 10 times higher than the rest of the world. And I told the story today, it was well-received. A friend of mine who's, uh, slightly overweight, to put it mildly, went to a drug store in London and he was able to get one of the fat shots.

I call it the fat shots --

-- the jabs that you lose weight --

Who knows?

I'm -- I'm just glad I didn't use his name.

He's actually a very rich guy. He's a very successful guy --

No, no. He's very happy.

He knows exactly who I was talking about. He called. He said  -- that was interesting. He said he was very concerned that I might use his name. I might slip. Now, he doesn't have to worry. But he went to London and he bought this, uh --

I guess. Yeah, I'm not sure which one --

But he bought -- he bought one of them. Maybe Ozempic. Uh, and he bought it and he s- -- told me, he said, "Hey, I -- strange thing happened. I just bought a drug. Same company, same plant, same everything, everything was the same. In one case, I paid in New York $1,300 and in London, I'm paying $88." He said, "What's going on?" Now, he knew nothing.

He's a very smart guy. He's a very rich guy. His big problem is he's seriously overweight, but I don't think the drug worked, okay? To be honest with you. But it makes him feel good anyway. But so what happens is he just -- he said to me, uh, "I paid $88 and in New York I get it for 1,300 or something," a massive difference.

And I said, "That's right. The drug laws are very screwed up and I'm doing something about it." He said, "You better because this is crazy." He didn't understand it, but -- he -- he didn't understand why and now, he understands why 'cause he watched our news conference this morning holding his breath, right?

But he watched this news conference and -- But think of it. So he goes to London and a lot of people go shopping in, uh, nearby or even far away countries. And they'll go away once a month or once a week or something if it's a nearby country. They'll go right across the border and they'll buy the same drug for one-tenth of price as we pay in the United States.

And, uh, a part of is the power of the drug companies which is a very big power. But I think a bigger part is the ruthlessness of other nations to screw the United States of America. And the European Union would be the top because they represent a lot of countries and they're brutal. And according to the drug companies told me this, they're brutal in negotiations.

They say, "This is what we're gonna pay. We're not gonna pay anymore. And if you need more, you get it from America." And so they get a low price so we get a high price. And I ended it. And this has been going on for many years, but nobody realized that you could do. I think I figured out the system, very complex chain of events take place.

And, uh, I ended it. And I have to say, the drug companies were great. They were great. They, they said, "Look, it's time." They actually looked, they said, "It's time."

It's a Boeing. And when I came to office, uh, the Obama people had ordered it, but I, they didn't sign yet, so I was supposed to sign. They were at about 5.7 trillion. It's actually, as you know, it's Air Force One is actually two, uh, Boeing 747s. And they had agreed to a price of 5.7 billion. And through a series of little negotiations, I got it down very, very substantially by a lot.

With the -- well, it was pretty much the same plane with the new paint color, if you wanna know the truth. We're painting it red, white, and blue like the American flag, which is incredible. More, much more beautiful and much more representative of, of us. So anyway, I got the price way down by a lot, and ordered it. And when I came, I said, "The, the plane, where's the plane?" And they said, "It's late." And I said, "Why would it be late?" You know, I went through a whole term and, uh, where we had an election that was absolutely rigged.

And because of that, this is a much more historic presidency, I would say. But, uh, I said, "Where's the plane?" And they are having difficulty. I'm not happy with Boeing, but we're gonna work on Boeing and Boeing's -- look, Boeing's got some unbelievable people working for it, so I'm not gonna do anything bad to Boeing.

But, uh, they had a, a strong contract. I wrote the contract, it was a guaranteed price contract, and if I wanted to, I could, you know, hurt Boeing. And I don't wanna hurt Boeing, but they're very late with the plane. And, uh, Qatar heard about it, and he's a great leader. And, uh, we were talking and he said, "If I can help you, let me do that." And they had a plane.

Not a new plane at all, but, uh, they had a plane. And you know, these planes, the plane that you're on right now is almost 40 years old. And when you land and you see Saudi Arabia and you see UAE and you see Qatar and you see all these, and they have these brand new Boeing 747s mostly, and you see ours next to it, this is like, a totally different plane.

It's much smaller, it's much less impressive, as impressive as it is. And you know, we're the United States of America, I believe that we should have the most impressive plane. So anyway, so they said to me, uh, "We would like to, in effect, we would like to make a gift. You've done so many things and, uh, we'd like to make a gift to the Defense, Defense Department," which is where it's going.

And they said, "Well, that's nice." Now, some people say, "Oh, you shouldn't accept gifts for the country." My attitude is, why wouldn't I accept a gift? We're giving to everybody else, why wouldn't I accept a gift? Because it's gonna be a couple of years, I think, before the Boeings are finished. And, uh, and they'll be wonderful when they're finished.

But that's a long time.

Well, I said that. I said, you know, we've secured that part of the world for many years. So if somebody makes a gift -- and I'm not getting, I get nothing, I get to fly it like any other president would. Uh, ultimately it'll be, uh, at the end of its lifetime or at the end of the term, because we're gonna have the other ones in by that time, it'll be decommissioned.

Yeah.

No, we, we give a lot of gifts. We give too many gifts, to be honest with you. We give gifts to defend countries. They wouldn't even exist, many countries wouldn't even exist. All over the world, countries wouldn't even exist. Uh, but I thought it was a beautiful gesture. Now, there are those that say, "We shouldn't be accepting gifts to the Defense Department." And I would say only a stupid person would say that.

Why wouldn't we do that? And so it helps us out because we'll have a relatively new plane. Uh, instead of having 40-year-old planes. These planes are 40 years old, and that's not representative of our country.

Right.

There won't be a nuclear power. Let, let me just explain. I'm all for Iran. I want them to have a wonderful country and make a lot of money. They have great oil reserves. But if you remember when I was president, Iran was broke because I placed secondary sanctions, meaning you couldn't buy, uh, if you bought oil, you couldn't deal with the United States.

And people make a lot of money dealing with the United States. So basically they weren't selling any oil to almost anybody. It was down to a trickle, almost nothing. And by the time it all came about after a couple of years, they were essentially, they had no money. And, uh, they didn't have money for Hamas, they didn't have money for Hezbollah.

They didn't have any money at all, and we had no threat. And when Biden came in, he took off the sanctions and he let them get very rich. And now they have $350 billion or more, which is a tremendous amount. They made great wealth. With oil you make great month, quick, you know, great, great money, great wealth, quickly.

And, uh, they have tremendous oil and tremendous reserves. And, uh, Biden freed them up from what I did.