Well, I guess it's a lot of factors, right? Some I can't say because that's just better, I'm not saying, but, uh, part of it is because it's working. It's all coming together. The country's coming together. Uh, today, one of the biggest chip companies, the biggest in the world, announced they're gonna spend $200 billion.

Apple's gonna spend $500 billion. Johnson & Johnson announced yesterday, they're gonna submit tens of billions of dollars. And we have numbers like we've never seen before. There's never been anything like it. I think they see it working. The border has zero. You know, the closet outside of the border used to be so full that it would go miles down deep into Mexico, right?

There's not a person on the closet. Have somebody sweeping it.

It's like nobody's ever seen anything like it. And by the way, all it was is the president had nothing to do. We didn't get, we didn't change the law. The laws are there. She said, "Don't come." And I think they see it's working.

I'd let her run, but she's, she's as far as, I don't wanna be giving people advice politically, but, uh, one thing she's gonna do, she's gotta start doing interviews.

I mean, she can't get away with both of them. He, uh, during the COVID thing, he, he did no interviews and he got away with it because of COVID, because, you know, you were able to do things that you couldn't do.

And I do think this. I think it's much more historic, the way it happened, than if I had gone in typically.

It's better because it shows how bad they were.

They were so bad. And it shows that. And when you see, you know, you're comparing it. You're comparing it to the worst president to the history of our country. And I think, in that way, it's better. They, what they were doing didn't work. And if I would've done it more traditionally, you know, we wouldn't have known about that.

Yeah.

Well, uh, actually, they did wanna come. A lot of people wanted to come, including the coach, who was a terrific guy, by the way. But, uh, the coach wanted to come, the general manager wanted to come, the owner wanted to come. They had a lot of people wanted to come. Some of the players wanted to come. And I just said, just forget it.

I also had the problem with the, uh, San Francisco basketball team.

They, they, uh, they said, "Well, we'll think about it." And I said, "Uh-uh, you don't have to think. You're uninvited."

I said, if you have to think about it --

-- after I did that, you know, most people did come.

But people don't know about that. The baseball teams came, the ice hockey teams came. But we had, uh, one problem with football. New England came. They all came.

We had -- uh, look, it's a great honor to come. And I think it's a, it's great -- let me just grab that, okay. What's up? So, I look forward to having the Eagles. And one other thing, we're going to have the Kansas City Chiefs after that, because they missed their turn because of COVID.

Yes.

I, I love those two women. They're so great and, uh, and so loyal. I, I think they would. I met, as you know, I met Patrick's mother.

Just before the game started --

-- she came over. And Brittany, I've seen so much of Brittany that it just, you know, being so loyal and great and beautiful. So, it's, uh, it's really nice.

The football players.

Everywhere.

So, they did a poll recently, and they rated the best opening month of the history of the presidency. He was, uh, let's see, with George Washington number two (laughing), that's, he had the second.

Uh, you know who did it also? Bill O'Reilly, good old Bill.

Oh, really?

He's a great guy. He did a poll.

He's pretty good at this stuff.

He said Trump was number one, George Washington was number two, et cetera (laughs).

It's -- and you know that bit. But we did. We had a great opening month. We had a great second month, you know. Now, it's two months already. And the second month was equally as good as the first. And I'd like to see if we could stop the soldiers being killed, even though they're not American soldiers. Although, it could -- you know, a thing like that could lead to World War III, you know, if that is. But I think it's somewhat under control.

And a good relationship with President Bush and actually a good relationship with, uh, President Zelensky, too. It'd be a great thing to be able to stop it. And I will say this, nobody else would would've been able to.

Nobody. Zero.

I think, Norway, if it's Norway, if they're the ones that actually. You know, nobody really knows what that's all about. I know Obama got it for no reason. And he didn't even know what --

He won the race and they gave him the Nobel Prize. He didn't do anything. So, it's obviously a very liberal situation. But if they want, if they want credibility, they'll have to do. You know, we, we thought we were gonna get it for three or four different things.

We thought we were gonna get it for the AmeriCorps, which are now starting to kick in again because others are gonna be joining. Uh, but the Abraham Accords were amazing.

Caitlin all day long. But I also have, uh, you know, Cain.

How about Cain?

Right, right. That wouldn't last a second where he's, like, seven feet tall.

He's the biggest human being.

He's a great guy, too. He's a mayor of a town and he's all MAGA.

I think it's a 90-10 issue, maybe more. But I do notice that it's a 90-10 when the voter booths closed.

You know, when that curtain's pulled or whatever they happen to be pulling.

Uh, but a lot of people don't talk about it. And I don't know why they're gonna make a mistake by not talking about it. It's such a simple thing. It's so basic that open borders, uh, taking people from jails and, you know, murderers and drug dealers and gang members and mental institutions, people from mental institutions.

I mean, I really campaigned on the last thing that I just said more than the --

-- uh, the people. And by the way, look at what happened. In a period of one week, we have a border that's closed and so beautiful.

And we're taking people in, you know.

All they need is a president who would say, "Close the border."

And it's, you know, the amazing thing is, uh, I've known you so long, I feel like it's out, you say, it's so, it's so basic. So, who would think that, that a thing like that would be even thought about? Uh, open borders. Why would we want open borders? Then they say, "We don't wanna have any review of anybody coming in." And as soon as I heard that, I said, "Every prisoner throughout the world that's really bad will be released into our company." That's what happened.

They took hundreds of thousands of criminals, murderers, 11,088 murderers.

Most of them have murdered more than one person.

Nothing good is coming at us.

Yeah.

I think it's great.

At length, I talked to him about it. He's a good guy. I didn't really know him the first time.

I mean, it's such a difference between now and the first.

Zuckerberg and Bezos and Jensen, who was fantastic.

Just that.

He's really trying to be more fair. But they actually did a couple of bad articles that everybody said, "This is crazy."

I lose my, uh, fortune running this thing. And they, and they, you know, they're out of control. These people are crazy. They're, they're crazy people. They're out of control. And, uh, and he's actually a very good guy. I got to know him the second time he was up. If you look at the inauguration or look at the people that were on stage --

-- there was a who's who of a world that was totally against me the first time. It's a much different presidency, I have much more support.

Yeah.

Uh, I do. And I've always held that.

Uh, of course, he was -- was he helped? And based on the papers that -- you know, we released 88,000 --

--  okay? And in fact, there were some that they needed a little more time just -- and we said, go over to the office, we'll show you, you know.

So, nobody could say that they've been released. I think the papers have turned out to be somewhat unspectacular.

All right. And maybe that's a good thing.

It might be, anyways. Uh, I can't really be sure. I really can't make sure because it bothers me that he had, uh, three apps and two of them were far. And maybe it was more apps than --

And it bothered me that the other guy had, like, 18 phones. I thought it was six, but it was 18. And the FBI was being very straight with me, uh, I believe. And I think they weren't at the beginning, but now I think there were. Uh, they told me a lot about the case. Uh, I, I think maybe it won't be able to be determined.

But I don't believe it's, you know, it's something sinister by the FBI. The FBI is doing a good job. And Kash is gonna do a great job.

So, I know him very well. It's amazing that we didn't get into major skirmishes because of the Russia, Russia, Russia hook.

He didn't invade anything when I was president. He took, he took, uh, Crimea and he took Georgia when Bush was president, when Obama was president. And he's trying to take the whole thing based on -- and I think I'll, uh, I don't think there's anybody in the world that could have stopped him except me. And I think, I hope I'm gonna be able to stop him.

That's some very rational discussions. And I just wanna see the people stop getting killed. You know, they lose 2,500 young kids a week.

And they're Russian. And they're Ukrainian. And people would say, "Why do you get involved?" They also get involved because Biden spent $350 billion of our funds.

And what I have done is got, uh, I've got a very good deal for, you know, with the rare and everything else, which is more valuable  because they felt foolish, especially since, uh, when you look at it, Europe, take Europe, they get their money back.

It's a loan. Why didn't we make a loan?

Why did we get so much in? We -- Biden should have equalized. And they would've done it, too.

All they had to do is say, "You're gonna, we gotta spend it at the same time." But he didn't do it. Same thing with NATO.

Nobody did it until I came along.

Correct.

I think it is very unfair, and I think he's gonna end up coming out harder. Look, when they attacked Mar-a-Lago, they attacked Mar-a-Lago.

They, they invaded it. I said, "Oh boy, this is brutal for my election."

I thought so. And the one thing I did is I talked to the press. I had this conference.

Whatever, anything like that happened. These were crooked people, 100% crooked. When they did something like that or the indictment, but the indict -- and not one indictment, it's four or five of 'em, okay?

And that led to 80 or 90, or because everyone had, you know, it was a totally rigged deal. I would go out that night and I'd have a news conference. I'd talk to the people, and the people realized it was a scam.

It turned out to be a scam. Look, look what happened. And they're all out (laughs), you know. And here I, here I sit in Air Force One with you, talking (laughing). It's like one of those things.

Yeah.

The team endorsed me. They did?

Oh, that's nice. Isn't that great?

They got lead. They -- I hear they have the best team ever put together. So --

Everyone.

Honestly?

UFC --

-- baseball games.

You said Super Bowl.

The only thing is they should have left it up for more than three seconds.