Thank you very much.

Thank you.

Well, first of all, I'm very surprised to hear that. I would have assumed many presidents came. But I think just the spirit of the country, the country has taken on a whole new life. I thought it would be a good thing for the country to have the president be at the game.

It's an iconic day. It's going to be a great game. Two great teams, and let's see what happens.

Right.

Well, with the 45th, I had tremendous opposition. But I didn't know people, and I didn't have the kind of support that I needed. I put people in office. Some great, some really great ones, but I had some that I wouldn't have put. I would have, you know, known better if it were a couple of years later, or if I had a little more experience in D.C. I was a New York person, not a D.C. person.

And I had a lot of opposition. I just noticed I looked on the stage for the recent inauguration, and I'm looking its like a who's who of Washington. Well, if you look on the stage for the first one, it was just the opposite.

No, I disagree with it 100%. I think it's crazy. And we have to solve the efficiency problem. We have to solve the fraud, waste, abuse, all the things that have gone into the government. You take a look at the USAID, the kind of fraud in there.

Well, we're talking about hundreds of millions of dollars of money that's going to places where it shouldn't be going. Where if I read a list, you'd say, this is ridiculous, and you've read the same list and there are many that you haven't even seen, it's crazy. It's a big scam. Now there's some good money and we can do that through, any one of a number.

I think I'd rather give it to Marco Rubio over at the State Department. Let him take care of the few good ones. So, I don't know if it's kickbacks or what's going on, but the people. Look, I ran on this, and the people want me to find it. And I've had a great help with Elon Musk, who's been terrific.

Trust Elon? Oh, he's not gaining anything. In fact, I wonder how he can devote the time to it. He's so into it. But I told him do that. Then I'm going to tell him very soon, like maybe in 24 hours, to go check the Department of Education. He's going to find the same thing. Then I'm going to go to the military.

Let's check the military. We're going to find billions, hundreds of billions of dollars of fraud and abuse. But I campaigned on this, Bret.

I did. A lot of action --

-- that nobody expected.

No, it's not good enough.

Something has to happen. It's not sustainable. And I'm changing it.

Yeah, it is. I think Canada would be much better off being a 51st state because we lose $200 billion a year with Canada, and I'm not going to let that happen. It's too much. Why are we paying $200 billion a year essentially in subsidy to Canada? Now, if they're our 51st state, I don't mind doing it.

No, I think we're going to become a rich -- and look, we're not that rich right now. We owe $36 trillion. That's because we let all these nations take advantage of us. Same thing, like 200 billion with Canada. We owe 300 -- we have a deficit with Mexico of $350 billion. I'm not going to do that. I'm not going to let that happen.

Yeah.

I'd love to do it. But I would say this. We have to come together, but to come together, there's only one thing that's going to do it. And that's massive success. Success will bring the country together. But it's hard. And I say it's hard. I just signed a bill allowing for women not to have to be punished by men in sports.

In other words, men are not going to be allowed to play in sports against women. It's ridiculous.

I'm a big fan of both teams. They're sort of different. In Philadelphia, you have one of the greatest running backs. Saquon, you know Saquon had an uncle who was a great fighter. Great fighter. And Iran Barkley his name was. So, you have a great running back. You really have a great quarterback. The other team?

The quarterback really knows how to win. He's a great, great quarterback.

I hate to do it. I just say that I've watched this great quarterback who has, by the way, a phenomenal wife. Okay. She's a Trump fan. She's a MAGA fan. So, I happen to love her okay? But she's a great person. I watched her being interviewed. I said, well, boy pretty good. But she's great and he's great. I guess you have to say that when a quarterback wins as much as hes won, I have to go with Kansas City.

I have to go with Kansas City. At the same time, Philadelphia has a fantastic -- it's going to be just a great game.

Yeah.

No, I didn't. I mean we do these rallies. They've always been great, but they got really great. And it's just, I don't know what it is. I try and walk off sometimes without dancing, and I can't. I have to dance because it's just got something special about it.

Thank you very much.