Yeah.

Well, it's a big thing. And you know, Johnny's a friend of mine. He's on such a great job with the league and with soccer, or they would call it football, but I guess we call it soccer. I'm not sure that change could be made very easily.

But it's great to watch. And this is a little bit of an upset that we're watching today, isn't it? Huh?

So far --

-- it's incredible.

Uh, I think we could do that. I think I could do that.

Right.

Right.

Oh, they're doing fantastically well. It's a growing sport. It's a great sport. That's right. They said, "Could you hold this trophy for a little while?" We put it in the Oval Office. And then I said, "When are you gonna pick up the trophy?" He says, "We're never gonna pick it up."

You can have it forever in the Oval Office. We're making a new one. And they actually made a new one. So that was quite exciting. But it is, it's in the O- Right now, it's in the Oval.

Good.

Well, I can tell you we're doing very well on the other stage, on the political stage, on the financial stage. We have, I was just in Saudi Arabia. I was in Qatar. I was in UAE.

We have Qatar and, you know, the big, uh, the big presidents they have, but all of the leaders, and then you, uh, look at NATO, all of the leaders said, "A year ago, your country was dead. And now you have the hottest country in the world." There's a lot of truth to that. I --

We were doing very badly as a country. We had a incompetent administration, and now we have a hot country. It's really hot. And I think the soccer's gonna be very hot here too. It already is. It's gotten, you know, a lot of play. And --

I think with the, uh, with the play come, the great players and it'll, I think it'll do very well.

Wow.

I could see it. And, uh, we flew over the stadium. It was packed. And that's the four, uh, the four matches I know for this group that came in for this. And I think that's fantastic. It was very impressive. Even flying over, you could see the lines of people trying to get in.

It's great.

Right.

Oh.

Well, it is, it's about unity. It's about everybody getting together and, uh, a lot of love between countries. And this is such an interna- guess this is probably the most international sport.

So it can really bring the world together.

In this sport you're talking about?

Not in another sport. In this sport. Well, I tell you what --

Many years ago when I was young, they brought a player named Pele to play, and he played for a team called The Cosmos. And Steve Ross, a friend of mine, Warner Communications, he was the inspiration we had. And this place was packed. It was a, an earlier version of this stadium --

-- but right here in the Meadowlands, and, uh, and it was Pele -- I don't wanna date myself, but that was a long time ago. I was a young guy and I came to watch Pele and he was fantastic. And I would, so I'd say probably I'll go old-fashioned. That's like saying Babe Ruth, but --

-- uh, I would say Pele was so great.