They can't believe it.

Yeah.

So, the last time, first of all, I had never done it before. And then, all of a sudden, I'm standing in the White House, and they say, "Congratulations. You're president." Right? But I didn't know people in Washington. It was a big factor. So, I had to rely on people, and I got many good recommendations, but I got some that I wouldn't have ever used again if I had known.

So, I really got to know people, really, at a high level and under pressure. So, I always felt that if I could get back, I would have some great people, and you see the kind of people -- they're really good.

That's right.

Yeah. It's very interesting. So, I was able to get people that were great. Like, I'd see Pete. I'd be interviewed by him. And what he wanted to talk about was military. In fact, whenever he called me, it was always to get somebody that was in trouble because he was too aggressive militarily out of a jail.

You know, I got numerous soldiers out of jails because they did what they were trained to do. The liberals within the military put them in jails. They teach him to be a soldier. They teach him to kill bad people, and when they kill bad people, they want to put them in jail for 30 years, OK? And Pete was really into that.

I always thought of him for that. I did. But I mean, honestly, Ben, it was just the fact that I've been here for four years under great pressure. But one of the big things is that if you think about it, when I was first elected, I had two jobs: to run the country and to survive. And it was vicious what they were doing.

That fight was big. I mean, they were vicious, and they were cheaters.

You've got to keep fighting. So, Richard Nixon was a different kind of a guy, and he was a tough cookie, and he was very smart. People don't realize how smart he was. But he made one bad decision. He didn't fight. I spoke to his family. They say he regretted that until the day he died. He didn't fight.

Yeah. He had a lot. I might have had more.

I actually might have had more. Don't forget, I went through two impeachments and probably 80 indictments, if you think, you know, with all the different charges.

Yeah. I went through even civil cases. I still go through them, you know, where a woman I never -- I have no idea who this woman is. And judges that were so crooked, people that valued a home in Florida at $18 million when it's worth --

Yeah, perhaps.

Perhaps 100 times that amount. So many things. But I did. I went through a lot, but I tried not to -- I just put my head down and just did it.

It would have never happened.

I think it was the day that -- well, once I was out -- he would have never done it. I used to talk to him about it. I got along with him very well. I knew him very well. I used to tell him, "You can't do that. You're not going to do that." But, you know, you mentioned something that a lot of people forgot about.

So, when those tanks came in, it was over for Ukraine. And then they got stuck in the mud. They got stuck, actually. They couldn't get out. And if you remember, there's a statement: Obama gave them sheets, and Trump gave them Javelins. But I gave them the Javelins, and they used those Javelins.

And that changed the entire scope of the war because -- I was just talking about it today with the head of NATO. He said those tanks were going as fast as they could go right into Kyiv. You know, they were only 70 miles -- 79 miles out, 79. And they got sucked. And when they had those Javelins, man, it was -- and it really changed the whole course of the war.

It's very interesting. That whole war is so sad. The sad part of that war is it would have never happened. I mean, I tell you, as sure as you're sitting there, zero chance. I used to talk to Putin about it. "You can't do it, can't do it." And he and I had good understandings together. He's a tough guy. He's a smart guy.

Very smart. Very interesting. But he's a tough cookie. And there was no chance it could have happened. You're right about Afghanistan. But of course, Afghanistan wouldn't have happened either. It showed that he thought we were a paper tiger maybe for the first time ever. He was concerned with us, and then he thought we were a paper tiger.

It looked so bad. It was such an embarrassment, I think the most embarrassing, you know, period of time in the history of our country, actually. And you had a president that couldn't explain anything. He couldn't talk to anybody. And it was a disaster, the whole thing. That was a disaster. How about leaving them billions of dollars' worth of equipment?

Do you know they're the second or third most -- biggest seller of arms in the world right now? Because they're selling all the stuff that we gave them, brand-new, 777,000 rifles, 70,000 trucks, many of them armor-plated. Now, think of that. I don't know how they could have brought so much stuff there when you think of it, right?

Seventy-thousand trucks. Think of a used car lot. If you had 300 cars, it would be a massive company. But with all of that being said, the hardest part for me is to think that all of these kids are dying. This week, they're going to lose 2,000 guys. Now, they're Ukrainian. They're Russian. Ukrainian and Russian.

But you hate to see that. You know, it's human beings, right? And it's such a bad war, and it's such a vicious war. It's really a bad one. You know, it's a drone war. It's a whole new form of warfare that's taking place. It's actually terrible and sort of amazing. People are studying it. You know, the Koreans went in because they wanted to learn.

They learned the hard way. This was not good. They have suffered tremendous casualties.

Well, they have to step up, but they also have to get equipment. They have to spend more money. They don't have --

Well, you mean for here?

Well, they're going to have to. Look, we -- you know, they give a lot of older equipment, things that they're not using anymore. We're giving them brand-new stuff. The bad part about the Biden thing is that Europe put up approximately $100 billion, and they get their money back. We have three times that amount, and we didn't get anything back.

Now, tomorrow, President Zelenskyy is coming. We're going to sign a rare earth deal because they have among the best rare earth in the world. You've heard that. And we'll, you know, we'll get our money back plus, and I feel better about it. But the biggest tragedy is the death. You know, the death is so bad.

I hate the money aspect of it, but I hate to see -- this week, they have over 2,000 casualties. This is in a week. They give me reports every week.

It is old. They all have old. You know, it just came up today. They wanted some ships in that war, and the Europeans have very old ships, ships that don't work, ships that are not functioning at all. They really don't have too much of a Navy situation. Probably, the best is U.K., but, you know, it's in need of help.

He just left, you know.

He's very -- I mean, I have to say -- well, he was very nice. You know, we had a very good meeting.

He's different. Different type, yeah. Did you watch it? Did you see it?

What did you think? What was your impression?

It's good. No, right? I said, "That's a beautiful voice. Beautiful." The whole thing, you know, highly --

Yeah. We told them, "You can't do this."

We actually told them. That's incredible. That's something, you know, that you hear about with China.

Yeah. But you were having that with Biden, too, if you think. And it's not Biden. It was the people that surrounded this desk. No, actually, this desk is a different desk.

The other one comes back. It just was in need of a little refurbishment. So, anyway -- so did you see this? You've been -- how often have you been in this office?

So, you started when?

That's not old.

Yeah. Well, that's true. He's doing a good job if you take a look at this. He had like two pictures up, and he couldn't tell you who they were. And now, you look. And, you know, we took them out of the vaults. We have incredible vaults of things. They have 3,900 paintings.

Well, it's great. I mean, look, George Washington back there and Thomas Jefferson. They're great. I even have an FDR up there. A lot of people say, "Why do you have FDR?" I said, "Well, he was a serious president, whether you agree with him or not."

He was definitely serious, right?

And so, it's good.

I thought he was -- I will say, you know, I know where he comes from, from a political standpoint, right? I was surprised we got along very well. I mean, it was actually -- we had a lunch that ended up being longer than we thought. That's always a good sign, you know, longer in the sense that we got along.

I thought he was very good. I met him twice before. You know, he came to see me twice before, but this time was the best. And I think we got along very well. And you want to keep that relationship with them. But you're right. Their policies are changing. You know, I have a lot of property over there as a real estate person.

I own Turnberry, which is a big deal, and I own in Aberdeen, and I own in Ireland, a great thing on the ocean, beautiful thing, beautiful club and a hotel. And they're doing well. You know, the reason the country is doing well from that standpoint is because the dollar is forcing people to leave the country.

You know, our dollar valuation is forcing people to leave the country.

She's terrible. I'll tell you what. I know her very well.

I know. No, I know her very well. She's absolutely terrible for the country. She's incompetent in many respects and can only cause ill will for Canada. In fact, Governor Trudeau understood that. I call him Gov. Governor Trudeau understood that. And he actually fired her because of a meeting he had with me. I said, "She is so bad." She's bad for the country.

You know, if she were talented -- I know people that are sort of bad people, but they do a good job running a country. Who's going to get the nomination, do you think?

She's a whack.

Well, I think his biggest problem is he's not a MAGA guy, you know? I mean, he's really not. He's not a Trump guy at all.

He's different. Making a big mistake. They all make that mistake. You know, they think they're going to be the tough guy, and they're going to knock out Trump, and they end up getting the hell beat out of them. So, I don't know. I mean, I can't tell you Pierre. I just don't know. I don't like what he's saying about me. He's just not positive about me. And we've done a great job.

We got elected when, I would say, the odds were pretty much against -- I always felt -- you know, it's very interesting. People say the greatest comeback in political history, like you said, and I don't even view it as a comeback. The election of 2020 was rigged. It was a rigged election, totally rigged election.

And I don't forget that either. Totally rigged. But this one was much bigger. I will say, a lot of people say that historically, this is so much bigger than if I had done it the more traditional way.

Unbelievable. Yeah. I had dinner with Jeff Bezos last night.

Who do I trust? I mean, who do you trust? Do you trust anybody? These are very smart guys. And I always say to them -- we have dinners together, usually started by them. I'm so busy with all of this between China, Russia, Ukraine. I've got more things happening. But I always love to just sort of look at them and say, "Hi. Where do you come from?" "I came from Hawaii to have dinner." That was good.

I said, "Would you have been here if I lost?" You know, I was -- "Would you have been here if I lost it?" They never answer that question. Actually, they just sort of shy away from it.

Who paid a lot of money? Did he?

Oh, did he buy the James Bond series?

That's interesting. Well, James Bond -- did he pay a lot?

Yeah. So, it's a lot. I like him. I tell you what, I like these guys, but I have to -- so when you ask about the difference, so the first time, these guys were bitter enemies. I never even understood it. I didn't know him. I didn't know Zuckerberg. I didn't know Jeff. I didn't -- when you look at the inauguration, it was a who's who of every single one of them, every single guy who was there, but every single person was here.

Probably.

Sure. I just do what's right. You know, I have a lot of money. I don't need money. I don't need anything. One of the things we're doing over here is very interesting. I'm a very good developer. I do it really good. You can ask a lot of people. I mean, I did it really well for a long time, and they've always needed a ballroom here.

It's big. You know, it's complicated because of the architectural structures and the architectural heritage of the White House. And one of the things I'm going to do -- and it was sort of interesting. "Who gets to approve it?" "You do, sir." I said, "I do?" Normally, I have to go to zoning. You know, I go through the zoning, and I've always been a king of zoning.

I get whatever, but I do good work. So, one of the things I'm going to do is build a beautiful, magnificent ballroom at the White House, beautiful ballroom. They always wanted to have a -- hey, get me the picture -- there's a picture of a ballroom that I have. You show. And it keeps my real estate juices flowing.

But it'll be beautiful. But they've always wanted a ballroom. You know, they only have the East Room, which is really very small.

Well, I had a very bad experience in Panama. I built a building there with a group, and it was a beautiful building. It's the tallest building in South America. And the government -- this was probably 13 years ago. The government was very difficult. And the building was successful. I made a lot of money on it, but basically --

Yeah. Look at this. So, it'll be something like that inside.

That's what they're -- they're looking for that so badly for years. You know, they put tents up on the lawn. You can't really --

And a tent is not good.

And soft plastic.

And soft plastic. Well, I'll go -- another one. Let me give you then as long as -- so, you've been here many times. You see the grass outside, right?

So, we're going to make that into a stone surface because you can't have it -- yesterday, we had a lot of press here because of -- for the obvious, right?

They can't stand on it. So, we're doing a beautiful -- it's going to be beautiful. It's going to look -- I think it's actually going to look better. But some people would like to leave it. But the problem is you can't. We had the press here yesterday. Do you see the women there? They're going crazy. The grass was wet.

Their heels are going right through the grass, like four inches deep. It was -- so we're going to make that into a beautiful --

Yeah, yeah.

Bad timing.

Yeah. I thought that interchange -- because I saw it yesterday. I thought -- you know, she's an amazing person. She's very smart, very -- I actually put her in charge of the RNC along with Michael Whatley. And she's really -- and nobody complained about nepotism. You know, she's such a smart person and got the job done, finished it up. And she said, "Dad, now I want to go back home." You know, didn't want to stay and have fun.

She could have been a senator very easily in North Carolina if she wanted that. In fact, Ted Budd, who's doing a great job, but he said, "I'm not running if she runs." Nobody could have beaten her. She's amazing. But I watched that interchange, and I thought her attitude was so cool. You know, the attitude of just amazement that a man could do this and he could say -- well, he's lost tremendous credibility, but everybody has.

Margaret Brennan. I call it Deface the Nation. Margaret Brennan is like anybody on the street that you could take and say, "Go in and ask a few questions." That was so bad.

I don't get it. How do you hire some of these people?

Well, first, Jake and then "60 Minutes" because I got to tell you about "60 Minutes." It was amazing. But how anybody could have said that he's at the top of his game -- and let me tell you, if you're not at the top of your game -- and I know people that are much older than him that are at the top of their game.

I know people that are older than him that I've known for a long time, and they're sharper at 88 than they were when they were 58. But he's not. And, you know, I know all of his opponents, the heads of every country. I've gotten to know all of them very well. They're all at the top of their game. And you can't have that.

That's why we're in this war. That's why Afghanistan happened, which, as you said, led to a lot of problems beyond even Afghanistan, including the deaths and all of the horrible -- you know, we had 42 soldiers without legs or arms, the face was -- nobody ever talks about them. And we had the 13 that died.

How a legitimate journalist can try and stick up for that. And I watched him, and he looked so stupid, you know.

The only thing I can say about him is he did the debate, and he was very, very fair. And so was Dana. Or is Dana, as you would call her. So was Dana.

Yeah. But they were still -- I was very surprised because, you know, I took that debate knowing it was CNN and knowing I had two very, very hostile anchors. I think you're great, too. I love watching you. I love watching you on television.

You have some good guys you work with, too.

Yeah. It's so hard to believe that these guys could keep their credibility. So, let me ask you. So, we go to the debate, and I walk in, and I sort of look -- he wasn't looking good. But then he had a lot of white, very white, too white, you know. If he did better in the debate, would he have been changed or not?

If he was normal in the debate, would it have changed, or was the debate -- he blames the debate for the reason he had to get out.

That was -- it was just too bad.

But I asked him. You know, I went to the White House a few months before this all happened. I guess I had one and not just the one sit-down before. But I went there, and he asked for a meeting. And I went, and we talked for a little while. And at first, I couldn't -- you couldn't -- he talked so low. And then he started getting more -- and I asked him.

I said, "So, who do you blame?" Because he was very angry. You know, he was a very angry guy, actually. And he said, "I blame Barack." And I never think of him as Barack. You know, you always hear Obama. You say -- you have to think about that for a second. And he said, "And I also blame Nancy Pelosi." I said, "What about the vice president?" He said, "No, I don't blame her," which was interesting.

He didn't blame her. He blamed -- he told me he blamed those two people.

Well, I actually gave the Republicans advice the other day. Don't keep harping on all these incredible things that we have. Just save it for the election, you know, because you don't want them to change.  a lot of people talked about inflation or the economy. I put the open border as the No. 1 issue.

Correct. Which they are.

Right.

They did.

Well, certainly, I would recommend that they be looked at. You know, certainly, it's going to be up to Pam Bondi, who's excellent at what she does. But there's been so much --

There is -- well, I'd rather not tell you that because somehow --

I'd love to tell you. You know, it's so interesting. Sometimes, you'll be asked, like, a question like that, and you want to give an answer because you don't want to have somebody walk out and say -- but if you give the answer, it's a disaster. If you give a truthful answer --

That's right. Exactly. We have a lot of that.

Yeah.

Well, he's a very good -- I mean, on our side, right?

Is Shane Gillis doing very well now?

And he's been on our side?

And I like him, and I like everybody that's on my side. You know, I'm just old-fashioned in that way. I like those people. And we have a lot of people. We have more people than anybody understands. You know, this whole MAGA movement is --

Right, right.

See, the sad part about that was it turned out to be nothing, and I didn't think it was going to be much, but they made such a big deal. That was just --

They were desperate. But they took that joke. But the big thing was that I could have sold out Madison Square Garden 10 times. You were there?

But you saw. You know, I had a picture. I have to show you. I had a picture that -- of a stadium that I did two weeks before in Milwaukee. And I said, "Look at this." But we've had 107,000, 111,000. In Butler, we had 100,000 for the second time, 55,000 when you got -- I get that throbbing feeling. Wait, let me get this.

I mean, this is the average crowd. Did you see this? I just look at pictures of throwing away some stuff. Of course, I have to be careful about throwing anything away. They want to put you in prison. You know, if you write a note and you don't like it because it looks bad or something, and if you rip it up, throw it away, Jack Smith will want to put you in prison.

And by the way, he didn't end up so good.

He destroyed that guy.

And Bob McDonnell, were you friendly with him?

He's a high-quality guy. The wife is --

She was a mess. How he stayed with her --

I assume he eventually left, right?

Look at this. Look at that picture. I mean, that's serious, right?

That was just -- that's a routine crowd. Look at this. This was in New Jersey. I just see these pictures.

Look at this.

Look at the crowd. That's not --

You mean it was risky doing them.

You know, it was interesting. They were all good.

They wouldn't. Well, she didn't do it.

Because I was leading.

Is that a hot one now? Is that a --

It's doing well.

He's been good to me, I think.

Say hello to him. He's been great.

By the way, Joe Rogan. So, I do Joe Rogan. And it was three hours and 15 minutes, and it caused a little problem because, you know, I was doing a thing in Michigan. I started speaking at 12 in the evening, and not a person left. It would have been a room just like that. Not a person left. And I explained, "Hey, I just did Joe Rogan.

You know, we got to win this thing." So, we actually told them, "I'm doing Joe Rogan. Can you wait?" Nobody left. There was unbelievable spirit. But my son, who's just 18, Barron, he goes, "Dad, you got to do this one and that one." And he's telling me names.

It worked.

But TikTok worked, too.

I don't know. Is he doing a podcast as governor?

I don't know what to tell you on that. I mean, you never know.

Sure. Look, so I did Joe Rogan, and I never even thought about not doing it. She wouldn't do it. And, you know, I got 250 million people for Joe Rogan. You saw that. That was his biggest ever by far. And he was a great --

He was great.

Yeah. He was a great guy.

You know, I guess he was a Democrat. I don't think he is anymore. But, you know, two words I mention, common sense, a lot lately. And I never heard those words used politically. I hope I brought them into the forefront, but it's really about common sense. You don't want open borders. You don't want prisons emptied out into your country.

You don't want insane asylums dropped. Remember, I used to mention the name Hannibal Lecter a lot, and the press would say, "Why would he mention? That's a fictitious…" The people know why. They don't want him in the country.

Yeah.

Yeah. And a lot of this because they were so far behind even educationally. So, it's very interesting. You know, the federalist system is like you let the governor decide. I let all the governors decide. You know, I had governors that kept them open 100 percent of the time. South Carolina did. Tennessee did.

We had a lot of them. South Dakota, she did a good job. The Democrats were the ones that did it, and they kept it going very long, long after I was gone. I mean, I was gone long, and everything was closed, and it was ridiculous. But I had many that were open that were Republicans. Some of the Republicans did a good job.

I don't think any of the Democrats did a good job. They all kept it closed.

I think they did. They paid it here.

I love this cover, Ben.

You want me to what?

Oh, I will do it. Yes. Can I have one for my wife?

I'd love that. Yeah.

Who what?

Well, either Joe or Hunter. Could be Joe, too, OK? So, that was such a terrible thing because, you know, those bins are very loaded up with -- they're not clean, and they have hundreds and even thousands of fingerprints. And when they went to look at it, it was absolutely stone-cold, wiped dry. You know that, right?

They're filthy. And there were fingerprints. I mean, if you went to one, maybe we're cleaner, but if you went to one at any time, you would see hundreds. Everybody in there would leave a fingerprint. When they went in, that thing was wiped out with the strongest form of alcohol.

By the way -- and I have to tell you, I think I'm going to look into that because it was -- bad stuff happened there.

They're sick.

By the way, how good is that? Did you see where Stacey Abrams got $2 billion? Can you imagine?

But you didn't know it was this crooked.

How about the newly formed corporation, Environmental Protection? Lee Zeldin. $20 billion put in, $20 billion. And people don't know. People don't know what that is. They think it's $20,000. They don't know. You can't explain $20 billion. That's massive money. That's -- $20 billion was put in, and they think it could be $60 billion.

The numbers are staggering.

They think it's going to be close to $1 trillion, right? And that's pretty good stuff. You know, when you --

Well, I think a big sleeper is going to be this gold card, you know. It's an idea I had. I think this could be a very big sleeper. Do you know, if you sell, let's say, a million at 5 million, that's $5 trillion? The budget's almost going to be balanced. You know, it's not going to be that far short. It's going to make $5 trillion.

That's part of -- you know, that's part of the --

Well, it's so simple. You know, the other stuff, the different programs, you put money in, and you can build a building, and you get a mortgage and this and that, oh, yeah, yeah, you can imagine what's going on. I think we're going to terminate the program. They say it's just so terrible. This is very simple.

Five million, and you have a path to citizenship. You essentially get a green card plus. It's a green card plus. It's a gold card. And you have a plan. If we did a million, it's a lot. Now, if we did 10 million, that's $50 trillion, 10 million. You know, if that thing exploded, you had people that would pay that.

I have people all the time begging me to help them get into the country. Some of them are very wealthy people. They'd pay that in two minutes.

You mean in a couple of weeks? No, because I did it before, but now there was more focus, a little bit more focus on it. But I did it before. Remember the chart that I turned on the right? Can you get me that chart? I mean, you've seen it a thousand times.

That's my all-time favorite chart. No, if I didn't turn right, that's it. There was nobody over there. They had 55,000 people here. I'm not looking to the right. I looked to the right because the chart was coming down off a crane or something. But it was a good chart. Show it.

So, the arrow on the bottom, that was my last week in office. You saw the --

They do. These two do a good job. Look at that one back there. She's done a great job.

By the way, she's -- how do you like the job that our new superstar is doing? What do you think?

Did he die, or is he still --

He died.

And he was pretty good, right?

I think she loves it.

Was he the worst, John? Was John Harwood --

Right. That's right. Remember that?

He was so bad. It actually was good for me, you know.

It worked out good. But he was a bad guy. He was almost like a counterspy. I think she's going to be amazing. So far, she's --

But look at that. So, if you look at that arrow, that's when I left. Look what happened after I left, like a rocket. But you have to say it's impressive what they've done. The border is essentially closed.

I would rather not tell you that. You know why.

Because you know what the only solution is.

They're invited.

Oh, yeah. Right.

Right.

Yeah. I wouldn't ban it. But what I would ban is this horrible kickoff rule, this new kickoff rule. That is so bad.

It is so bad.

First of all, it's the opposite of football. Second of all, it's actually more dangerous because you're actually going into each other without any defense or anything. It's much more dangerous. It is so terrible. You know, in football, when the ball moves, you're supposed to be moving. This ball is up in the air, and they're all saying -- it is so horrible to watch that.

And I told that to Roger Goodell.

Oh, that's great.

Well, look, they got big ratings in the Super Bowl, right? It was -- it should have -- it was not a good game, but it was -- well, it was a good game if you like football.

Unbelievable. And how good is the quarterback, right? Boy. When you can draft a young quarterback, it's like gold. You take a guy who's great in college, and he turns out to be no good. I mean -- and then you'll take somebody like, in San Francisco, that kid.

He was the last draft choice. He wasn't Brady. He was six runs back. He was literally the last guy in the draft and --

He moves the ball, right? You know, it's one of those things. They're coming here. What I'm doing -- Philadelphia is coming here. And Kansas City, when they won the Super Bowl during COVID, you couldn't have them here. Virtually, you couldn't have it. It was too bad. And I said, "You know what? I should really invite them for that." And I told them.

They want to come. By the way, they really want to come.

You know who came? The kicker came today. He's a Trump fan. He's a nice guy. Great kicker. And he came. But we said -- he said, "Yeah, we missed it because of the COVID." I said, "Well, let's do it." So, we're going to have Philadelphia. When is Philadelphia coming?

If you want to come, come. Are you a fan? Are you a Philadelphia fan?

So, how good is the Washington quarterback?

So, locationally, you love not the stadium. You would rip down the stadium.

But you love that location?

It's so beautiful when you're driving up.

The site is great.

Does that have train service?

It has trains?

What I love is you're driving up, and it's -- you know, it splits the road.

OK. Now, you're not talking about keeping the stadium.

You're talking about -- in other words, you'd like to have it built in Washington.

So, should I take over the government of D.C.?

And most people that live in Washington.

It's so sad.

Well, we're trying to do it. We're trying to do it. We're looking at doing it.

It's so bad. He's a nice guy, by the way, the owner. I met him. You know, I went to a game. He is -- that kid was really good.

Wasn't he second in draft pick?

And who was first?

But do you think he's got -- could he be as good as Daniels?

He was just a natural, man, the way he flicks.

So, how good is Nix?

Isn't he like 25 or 26?

That was unusual.

Will Nix be -- is Nix as good as Daniels?

Almost. Nobody is, right? The guy from Texas, how about him? He might be better.

You know what I mean.

How about you gave him up for the No. 1 guy in Alabama who's very little and who is not making it?

They took him second, Sprague or whatever his name is. It's interesting.

How good is he? I was talking about Texas in the NFL, the quarterback.

Stroud. How good is he?

So, would you take Daniels then over him?

So, what about the owner? He sells the team. He did great. He got $6 billion. And, you know, he's always been nice to me. He always supported me.

Yeah, he did fine. He did -- look, he made a lot of money with the team, OK? So, that's good. But the team didn't work. But he sells the team, and they end up with Daniels as a quarterback. Would he have had Daniels as the quarterback? Probably.

Did his guys make the pick?

So, it might not have been Daniels.

No, because all those years, he fought like -- I mean, he tried so hard.

Who was great until he got hit about 15 times.

Really? And is this guy tall?

So, you're a real fan, huh? That's great.

And you'd like to see the stadium built here.

All right. Good. Because, you know, the D.C. takeover, right? We're working on that, right?

The mayor, the tents --

And it was great 10 years ago, right?

It was good during my administration. But the crime -- look, these are incompetent people, like her. How about the guy in Chicago?

He's worse than the one from before.

Right? Now, he's at 4 percent. They had some -- and yet he'll beat some people. Do you understand that? Can you believe it?

He'll beat some people. So, you'd like to see that? Maybe we'll do that.

I mean, I'm pretty busy.

One little difference is they wanted to come, mostly. Many of them really wanted to come. But a couple of teams that canceled would have never canceled now.

But when I heard, like, San Francisco basketball team, Curry, I heard a little rumor like they're going to take a vote. When I heard "take a vote," that means no good. So, I said, "You don't have to take a vote because you're no longer invited. Do not come under any circumstance." And it was cool. People said, "That's the coolest thing." They never got to take a vote because I could see the writing on the wall.

Now, it's much different. It's much different. I think it's -- all those guys are in love with Trump, and they all hated Trump. They would go through fire to destroy me. Now, it doesn't mean -- will they -- you know, you say, "Will they be loyal?" Who knows? But when I was a winner at the beginning, you know, then -- that was a big win.

They didn't come with me when I was winning. Now, they're at levels -- nobody's ever seen a dais like that, you know, the inauguration. Zuckerberg, this one, this one, that one, Microsoft, everybody, which is pretty cool.