Well, thank you very much, Rob.

Well, look, I don't want to insult people, and they're on their way out finally. You thought this day would never arrive. And it's -- what we've -- what we've suffered at the border, you know, people talked about their foreign policy. They talked about the inflation. They talked about all the things that happened.

We wouldn't have had inflation. We wouldn't have had any wars. We wouldn't have had Russia, Ukraine. We shouldn't have ever had the Israel -- Israel would not have been attacked by Iran, which because, ultimately, it was Iran that did it. But when you look at what happened during this last four-year period, I think it was the lowest point in the history of our country.

It's been so bad. And I watched what he said. And he's trying to make good of everything like he talks about Afghanistan. Well, I was -- we were moving out, too, but it would have been with dignity and grace and strength and all of those things. And, you know, what -- what he -- what he did with the airplane and the people falling off the plane and the craziness and 13 dead soldiers and leaving billions and billions of dollars worth of equipment in the hands of the Taliban, it's just -- you know, it just couldn't have been -- couldn't have been any worse than that.

And I think, probably, that's why Putin invaded. When he saw the incompetence of Milley and these people, he said, "Wow, these people are not so good. We're going to go and do the invasion of Ukraine." I really think that was a big -- a big factor. No, it's been a -- it's been a terrible four years. And I think, frankly, the worst thing of all is allowing 21 million people or more, you know, the gotaways.

I don't even include them, but 21 million people, of which many of them are criminals, many of them are murderers. Many of them are murderers of more than one person. And I think that's the single biggest thing. It's -- it's going to destroy our country.

You look at -- if we don't get this taken care of -- and we have great people, Tom Homan, who you know well. But if we don't get this taken care of, our country will be destroyed by that.

Immediately. It's going to be immediate. We have the safest border in history when -- during my presidency. When I turned around and looked at that beautiful chart that came down from a crane or wherever it came from, that was a chart on immigration with the best immigration numbers we ever had. And we're going to have them again.

We're going to have them maybe even better. But we have -- we have to get a lot of people out. We have criminals at a level that nobody can believe, terrorists. And as I said, murderers, people that murdered people, many people, murdered more than one. They came from prisons, and they came from -- they came from mental institutions, insane asylums.

They are street gangs from Venezuela and many other countries. Not only -- not only South America, they are from all over the world.

The Congo is well-represented. What they did to us, I just cannot understand how this could be good. They had an open-border policy. As soon as I heard open border, I said, "Wow, you know, we're going to get all the prisoners from -- from these countries." And I know many of the leaders of these countries.

They're smart, they're savvy, you know, street-wise, very street-wise.

And they're giving -- I said, "They're going to empty their jails out into our country." That's exactly what happened.

Well, they lied about Russia, Russia, Russia. They lied about the son. He lied about his son won't get a pardon and many other aspects of his son, many, many other aspects. And they lie about everything. They lie about everything. Not only him, everybody, that party. They -- they're going to try and blame the fires in Los Angeles --

They'll probably try and blame us for that. You know, I was -- when I was president, I demanded that this guy, the governor, accept the water coming from the north --

From way up in Canada. And, you know, the north, it flows down through --

Right through Los Angeles. I mean, massive, millions and millions of gallons of water a week, probably, I think, even a day. Massive amounts coming out from the mountains, from the melts --

And even without it, even during the summer, it's a natural flow of water. They would have had so much water.

They wouldn't have known what to do with it. You would have never had the fires. People would have been able to sprinkle their lawns and everything else. You know, the problem is it's so dry. It was always so dry there. And it's just a -- it's just a mess. They could have -- they could have, you know, maintained their forests and, as I said, they have to do. I said, "You're going to have a real problem here someday."

Unfortunately, I was right.

Yeah.

Yeah.

Yeah, it's not -- it's not believable. They spend money like you've never seen, like -- I've never seen anything like it. We're going to -- we're going to do things with Los Angeles. You know, I'm already putting my developer cap on because it looks -- literally, I just saw some very guarded pictures of it, and it's far worse than you even see on television, if that's believable.

It literally -- I believe it's greater damage than if they got hit by a nuclear weapon. I've never seen anything like it.

Vast miles and miles of houses just burned to a crisp. There's nothing standing.

And they're going to find many bodies.

You know, only the dogs will find them, right? You know, German Shepherds will. They can -- they can pick out the ashes immediately. It's amazing. But we're going to find many bodies.

And many more, many more dead.

Well, this is different than 2018. 2018 was more of a -- you know, it was -- it was caused by the exact same factor. It was all the underbrush. You know, when I was visited by the presidents of places like Finland and Austria and others, they would -- I talk about it because we used to have to give so much money mostly to California for the fires.

And they said, "We have a much more flammable tree, very good wood, but very flammable," in Austria. And they said, "We don't have forest fires." And they raked their floor. You know, they rake the leaves off every -- I think, twice every year. And they rake the leaves. And they have it nice and spick and span.

If you look at the trees -- even now, I'm watching. I become like an all-time expert at this, but -- and when you say Paradise, I looked at Paradise, you know, the place was burned to a crisp. Steel from houses. I mean, they'd have steel beams going across, you know, on some of these houses. And -- and it was melted, it was just melted.

And yet, the trees were all standing. It was amazing. And the trees stand because they're loaded up with water. You know, they suck the water out of the ground. And they're wet, they're very wet. And those trees, many of those trees just remain standing. What happens is when the tree falls down, it's got 18 months before it becomes a matchstick.

And you have to remove those trees because they're -- literally, it's like lighting a match. And it's -- they don't do that. And I said, You have to maintain your forest." I learned from Austria, from some of the -- the countries, they said, "We are a forest nation."

They live in a forest, they don't have oceans. They don't have -- they live in a forest. Beautiful forest, by the way. You know, it's beautiful, it's actually immaculate. But they live in a forest. He said -- I remember the one said that -- I think it was Finland. He said, "We're a forest nation." And we don't have, you know, anything like what they have there.

And we have a much more flammable tree. And I told this to him. I said, "You got to clean this thing because they've never done any of it." When trees fall down, they've been down for 30 years. They're like -- literally, you can -- you could -- you could take a match --

And it would catch on fire in two seconds.

It's terrible. It's firewood.

It's great firewood, I guess.

I assume it is good firewood, and therefore, it has a value. And you know, they --

But they never -- they never did anything to prevent this from happening.

And it always bothered me sending them so much money.

Well, in terms of the forest, there's not that much to change. There's nothing left. You know, it's -- I've never seen anything like it.

The place is just desolate. It literally looks like a bomb --

A massive bomb was dropped on top of them. It is -- the only thing standing are a couple of chimneys. Most of the chimneys were wiped out, too, by the way. But, you know, every once in a while, you see like a chimney standing.

The place is literally it was bombed.

I can't even imagine.

Yeah.

Only that we are very close to getting it done, and they have to get it done. If they don't get it done, there's going to be a lot of trouble out there, a lot of trouble like they have never seen before. And they will get it done. And I understand it's -- it's been -- there's been a handshake, and they're getting it finished and maybe by the end of the week.

But it has to take place. It has to --

Well, it's a horrible thing.

And a lot of people have died, and the numbers are -- you know, part of the deal is we're going to bring bodies out. You're going to bring bodies out.

Bodies from what? Why would they have died? But they lived in tunnels that were three-feet high in some cases. In some cases, less than that with closed ends. Can you imagine that?

And they've been like this so long. This would have never happened if I was president, I'll tell you. It never would have happened.

And Iran didn't have the money to give them. Iran was broke --

Essentially. And now, you know, they have a lot of money, although they have been -- they have been hurt over the last few months certainly.

Well, there's only one strategy, and it's up to Putin. And I can't imagine he's too thrilled with the way it's gone because it hasn't gone exactly well for him either. And I know he wants to meet, and I'm going to meet very quickly. I'd like to -- I would have done it sooner. But, frankly, you know, you sort of need a little bit of -- like, you have to get into the office.

It's some of the things you do have to be there.

And it was -- it's a horrible war. If you would look at the things that I see with the soldiers that are being killed, soldiers are being wiped out at levels that haven't been seen certainly since the Second World War -- you know, they're very flat fields, and -- and that includes the Russian soldiers, too.

But Ukraine is -- is being decimated, and Russian soldiers are being killed in large numbers and -- and so are Ukrainian soldiers, Ukrainian soldiers.

So, it's a very sad thing. Young -- young guys are just being shot. The field is flat, and the bullet basically stops when it hits somebody, and it's hitting a lot of people. And hundreds of thousands of young soldiers are being killed, and that doesn't even talk about the cities. You know, the cities are -- they're literally knocked to the ground.

It looks like a demolition. Every city looks like a demolition site.

When I demolish buildings -- like in New York, I demolish a building. This is what it looks like. It's a big demolition site. Many of the cities are gone. They'll never be rebuilt. Certainly, never be rebuilt with those great golden domes and all the things that they had standing. Such history has been killed.

And this is something that should have never happened.

This would never have happened. I would have gotten him into a room. Zelenskyy and Putin, we would have worked out a deal. Or even if you didn't work out a deal, it wouldn't have happened. This wouldn't have happened if no deal was worked out. And this was gross incompetence. That's the only reason this -- this war is taking place.

But we're going to do everything we can to get it stopped for both countries.

Well, they're waiting to see what happens in the Supreme Court, Rob, as you know.

And so, we'll see what happens there. That's going to have a big influence on whatever is going to happen. But we'll see. Nobody really knows what that's going to be. And I will make a decision. I must say, I was on TikTok for the election, and I won the young people by 36 points. No Republicans ever won the young people.

And I won by -- you saw that --

One of the best groups --

I won by 36 points. I was on TikTok. I had TikTok Jack working for me. He was a young guy, 21-years old. He was great. And we won young people. We won just about everything. But we won young people. And I think that's a big -- you know, a big credit to TikTok. So, I'm not opposed to TikTok. I think -- you know, let's see what happens.

I -- I really have to wait to see what happens at the Supreme Court because nobody -- nobody knows what they can do and who's going to do it until they hear from the Supreme Court.

They're going to be making a ruling pretty soon.

But I had a very good experience with TikTok, I would say.

You know --

There's a little truth to that, yes.

Right. Well, it's going to be great, and we're going to turn it around. You know, we have a little expression that I'm sure you haven't heard of, MAGA, make America great again. You probably haven't heard that, but that expression has gone around. And I think it's going to be -- that's what we want to do. Very simple, make America great again.

Because right now, we're a laughing stock --

All over the world, and that's not going to happen.

Thanks, Rob. Thank you very much.

Great show.