Thank you.
Thank you very much. And it is an honor and privilege to be
with you this evening and to congratulate the next mayor of the city
of New York
on an extraordinary campaign.
This guy started at 2% in the polls
and he blew away the opposition.
And what was most extraordinary about his primary campaign and the campaign he
is running right now is his campaign is not ugly 30 second TV ads. It is a
grassroots movement
which you have been part of. I don't know Zeron if it's a world
record or not but having 50,000 volunteers in a mayor's election pretty
good to me.
Now, as part of our fighting oligarchy tour, which Zeron is joining me on
tonight, we have now been to 21 states.
We have done 35 events for over 300,000
people from Maine to California.
And what I can tell you without any fear of hesitation is the American people in red states and
in blue states do not want to live in an oligarchic society.
They do not want to live in an authoritarian society.
They do not want the White House to be practicing unprecedented
kleptocracy. And they sure as hell do not want to see
a continuation of the oligarch's war against the working class of this
country.
And what Sauron's campaign is about is an understanding
that today we are living in an unprecedented moment in the modern
history of our country and we have got to fight back in an unprecedented way.
So, let me say a few words. Let me just say a few words about what's going on in
this country. Thoughts I think you're not going to see in corporate media. You're not going to
hear in the halls of Congress today. In America, we have more income and wealth
inequality than we have ever had in the history of America.
Zon just talked about children in New York City and in Vermont
who are hungry, people who are homeless, and yet the wealthiest 1% have never had
it so good. If you can believe it, today you have
and it's it's important that we feel the outrage of children going hungry, people
being homeless, 85 million without health care, and you got one guy, one
guy, Mr. Musk, whose own wealth is more than the bottom 52%
of American households. And you may have seen in the papers they
want to give him a little bonus. Another 8900
billion dollar. We are living in crazy worlds.
Millions of people struggling to put food on the table and making one guy a
trillionaire is insane. not what this country is supposed to be about. And we
are not going to allow that to happen.
But it's not only income and wealth inequality. Today you have more concentration of ownership
in America in every major sector. financial services, transportation,
agriculture, media. You got a handful of giant corporations that determine what
is produced, how it's produced, how workers are treated, and what you pay for those products.
But it's not just income and wealth inequality. It is not just a small
number of people controlling our economy. You have six major
media conglomerates that control in this country what 90% of our people see,
hear, and read.
It is not an accident, brothers and sisters, that Mr. Musk owns Twitter.
Not an accident that Mr. Zuckerberg owns Meta, which is Instagram and
Facebook. Not an accident that Mr. Ellison
recently bought Paramont, which owns CBS.
Not an accident that Jeff Jeff Bezos owns the Washington Post and Twitch.
Not an accident that our good friend Rbert Murdoch owns the New York Post,
Wall Street Journal and right-wing publications all over the
world. Bottom line, never before in American and in fact
world history have so few people had so much wealth and economic power.
And with this development of AI, which is a whole world unto itself,
they're going to have, unless we stop them, more concentration of ownership
and more power. But it's not just the economy that these guys control. And
that is what we're seeing and what makes this particular campaign
of interest worldwide. These guys control
especially since this disastrous Citizens United Supreme Court decision.
We have a situation where it is perfectly legal for billionaires to set up super PACs and spend hundreds and
hundreds of millions of dollars supporting candidates who will protect the interest of the rich and defeating
candidates who are trying to represent working families. So in other words,
what you are seeing now is an oligarchy with enormous economic power and
enormous political power in both political parties
and what this campaign is about and why it is so enormously important. Is it a
test case? It is a test case of whether or not democracy is still able to
prevail. You know,
in the old days, I mean, money has always played an enormous role in politics. Nothing new about that. But in
the old days, they kind of kept it secret. Right now, you got people like Bill Aman
and others saying openly front pages of the newspap newspapers, "We will spend
as much as it takes to defeat this guy."
You have the president of the United States working to make it harder for him
to get elected. So what are these people, these
oligarchs afraid of? Seems to be a nice guy. Dresses very
nice. Beautiful smile.
Unlike me. He's a pleasant guy. What the hell are they afraid of?
And what they are afraid of, brothers and sisters, is not the only the
question of bringing justice to New York City. You know what they're afraid of? They're afraid of Mr. Mandani becoming
an example to what could happen all over this country.
That's what this campaign is about. They are scared to death.
If 50 or 70,000 people in New York City can get involved in the political
process, that means that millions of people coast to coast or can get
involved and elect progressive leaders. That's what this campaign is about.
And you know what else they're afraid? They have because they control media and
political life and economic life. They control in many ways the culture of
America. And this is what the culture today is about. It's about walking the
streets of America and finding people sleeping out on the street. It's about seeing 60% of our people living paycheck
to paycheck while the people on top are becoming phenomenally rich. And what the
culture says basically is you are powerless. There is nothing you can do
about it because the oligarchs own it all. They have unbelievable wealth. They
have power. They own the media. They own the political system. You are powerless.
And what we are here tonight to say is to hell with you. We're going to take
you on. We're going to defeat you.
That's what this campaign and that's what fighting oligarchy is about.
They want to tell you that we cannot change
this incredibly unfair and unjust status quo. Think about what Iron is
campaigning on. Every psychologist in the world tells us that zero through
four are the most important years of human development. Right?
And in Washington, I hear all of my colleague, they love America. Oh my god.
Got big flags all over the place. Well, if you love America, you love the
children of America.
If you love the children of America, you don't have hungry kids in Vermont or New York City.
And you don't have a broken and dysfunctional and unaffordable child
care system. Oh my god, what a radical idea to say
that parents and kids should have good quality child care. Oh, how radical you are.
Oh my god. All over this country, in Vermont, in
New York City, people cannot afford their housing.
Now, it's a funny thing. I did some calculations. I grew up, as some of you may know, about a mile away from here.
And I grew up in a family that did not have a lot of money. And we lived in a
rent controlled apartment.
So my dad never made any money but we were able to live with an element of
security. And I did some calculations based on my dad's income. We were
spending back then about 18% of our family's income on
housing. 18%. Okay.
First year of college, I went to Brooklyn College
if my memory is correct. And my brother graduated from Brooklyn College before me. And when he graduated, do you know
what tuition was in Brooklyn College? It was zero.
It was zero in state colleges in Vermont. It was zero at the University
of California. It was zero in many great public
colleges and universities. What a radical idea. You want to make
college affordable. Unheard of. We only had it 70 years ago.
What a radical idea to say that we should stabilize rents so the workingclass people can live in this
city.
What a radical idea to say that workingclass families should be able to
go into a grocery store in an area where there are food deserts and be able to
afford decent quality food for their children. Oh man,
what a radical guy he is.
What's the point? The point is, you've been sold a bill of goods.
You have been told that this is the best America can be. You've been told that
it's okay for a few to have unbelievable wealth while 60% struggle to put food on
the table and pay their rent. You've been told that it's okay that we got kids all over this country who give up
the dream of a higher education because they can't afford it and don't want to go deeply into debt.
You've been told that it is okay for workingclass parents to have to spend 30 40% of their limited incomes on child
care. That's what you've been told. Well, what Zon is telling you and what I
am telling you tonight, that is a croc of dash.
And here is the story that they don't want to get out. In the richest country in the history of the world, it is not a
radical idea to say that every man, woman, and child in America can have a
decent standard of living. That ain't radical.
It's not radical to say that we can have a vibrant democracy by getting rid of
Citizens United and moving to public funding of elections.
It's not radical to say that the billionaire class has got to start paying their fair share of taxes.
It is not radical to say that healthc care is a human right, not a privilege.
And that we should not be the only major country on earth not to guarantee health
care to every man, woman, and child.
It is not radical to say that we should have the best educational system from
child care to graduate school in the world.
It is not radical to say that we should not have the highest rate of childhood
poverty, the highest rate of senior poverty of almost any major country on
earth.
And by the way, it is not radical to say that we should have a foreign policy
based on humanity and based on justice.
that we should not be spending tens of billions of dollars on the government of
Israel that is currently starving children to death.
That is not radical.
That is what the American people want.
So brothers and sisters, what this struggle is about, and let me
not kid you, it's going to be tough. It is going to be tough because these guys,
these oligarchs, they are very religious people.
Their religion is greed.
You would think that if you had a couple of billion dollars, it might be enough.
Not for them. These are strongly motivated people. They work very hard.
They want more and more and more and they don't care whom they destroy in the
process.
So they have the wealth, they have the power, but you know what we got and that
what Saon's campaign is showing. We have the people.
And the whole world after Zon is elected, the whole world, all the oligarchs are going to come down hard on
him. Believe me, they will. Media will come down hard on him. So, he's going to have to figure out a new way to govern.
and you are going to be an integral part of that governing.
So brothers and sisters, I want to thank all of you for coming out in this
difficult moment in American history. And I want to remind you what you already know. What's going on here in
New York City in this campaign is being watched all over America, all over the
world.
So the struggle we are engaged in is not just for us.
It's not just for our kids. It is for the future of this planet. It's for the future of democracy.
This is a fight we cannot and will not lose. Thank you very much.
Okay. Okay. We have Faz, raise your hand.
Socrates, where are you? Jeremy. Okay, we have a couple of mics going out there. We have time for a few
questions. Uh, make your question short and directed to either the uh Zeron or
myself. Okay, I see a Yes, right up here, ma'am. Yeah, stand up. Wait for
the mic. Be loud. Hi, I'm a teacher. My name's Heather and
um this is my 23rd year teaching. I moved here in 2016, so I'm part of
tier six. So I was just wondering what your plan was to help tier six people,
you know, get better retirement.
Can you put your hand up if you do not know what tier six is?
So, I'm going to I'm going to do a little bit of an explainer.
There has long been an understanding that if you
Oh, Andrew Cuomo cut the mics. And you'll understand why he cut the
mic. There's long been an understanding that if you go into public service, you might not make what you would make in
the private sector, but you would at least have a pension
that you could count on. Now, Andrew Cuomo, when he was governor
of this state, he was the architect of one of the most
significant attacks on the public pension system of New York. created a
new tier, tier six, that would steal years
and hard-earned money out of the pockets and the lives of public sector workers across this
state. And he did that because he did not want
to tax his own donors. And I'm not just saying this because I'm
also a tier six employee. Now, I speak to you as a state assembly
member. We have some incredible state assembly members here in the house.
Albany is a place where when the mayor comes, they have one of the biggest megaphones
you could ever find. And the mayor's agenda is one that can influence what is
considered important, a necessity, urgent, or what can simply be pushed along to another year. And one critical
part of my Albany agenda, it's not just going to be winning the revenue to make
buses fast and free, to deliver universal child care. It's not just going to be tackling a broken and
inequitable property tax system. It is also going to be finally undoing the
crisis of Andrew Cuomo's making and fixing tier six.
Okay. I see a woman over there in the red. Yep.
Hi, Bernie. Such a pleasure. Um I am a new mom. Um I had a a kid. Well,
actually he just turned one, so I'm not such a new mom. Um, and uh I'm I'm also a proud member of the Democratic
Socialist of America. Um, a and I just want to say uh the the
incredible joy of having a kid. Um, it really hurts after the the child care,
the ch the the the you know, it's so expensive to have a child. I pay $2700 a
month. That is over $32,000 a year uh to be able to work. And um I would love uh
for for Zoron to to to give us a let us know what it is that he needs from
people like me, working parents. Um how do you need us to show up in order for
universal childare to become a reality in New York City? Because I would love to give my kid a sibling. I would love
to save for housing. I would love to save for college, but I cannot do that under the current conditions. Thank you
so much. You know, Bernie was saying earlier that
we have to feel the depth of these statistics that we
often grow numb to. We recite them, we read them, we know them, and yet we often do not feel them. How much money
did you say you spend a year on child care? Over $32,000.
Over $32,000. That is more money than if Diana sent
that same kid 18 years from now to Brooklyn College.
That is more money. And that is why after housing, child
care is the leading cost that is pushing New Yorkers out of this city, pushing
them out of this state. Now, there will be many who will say that an agenda that
seeks to meet the needs of working people is too ambitious. Those were the same people who told us we could never
have universal prek in New York City. Now it is a fact of life.
So I I say this that your question is what can though what can you what can others do to ensure that we win this?
Do not stop organizing. You know, Diana said she's a member of
NYC DSA.
It's an organization that has a few members that are here. It's an organization that I've been a
member of. And it's an organization that's also tableabling right here at this event. And if you don't know more
about it, you should go and talk to them. And I would tell you to join an
organization. Join DSA. Join any organization that continues to remind you that you
will be the ones to deliver this change because there's, as Bernie has said,
there are myths we have been told about our politics. Myths about waiting and
trusting the experts. But when you ask the experts to show their work, it is the life that we live
today. It is time for people to understand that politics is not something that we have.
It's something that we do. And for people to understand that all of you in this room, we are all leaders together.
And the only way that any one of us has any semblance of power when we are
inside a room is if we can point outside the room and say, "You don't want to talk to those guys.
You don't want to talk to the people across this city and this state who are demanding this. That the demands we
bring forth, they are not just our own personal fixations. They are reflections
of the needs of workingclass people who are unwilling to wait any longer.
If I could just very briefly put an apostrophe on what Zeron said
what
I'm sorry what I just wanted to say in terms of the woman's point
we have got to not only change our national priorities I'll give you an
example Congress Right now, I will vote against a $150 billion increase in
military spending. But can you imagine
at a time we already spend more than the next 10 nations combined, 150 billion
for Trump's military. But apparently we don't have enough money to provide quality child care to our children.
We must not ever for one second accept that. That is insane. All right. Okay.
Let's go over here. Gentleman right here. Yeah.
Uh
hello Senator Sanders. Hello Mr. Mandani. I'm Abdullan is from Karsi, Brooklyn.
I just um look at this campaign and it reminds me a little bit what happened a few years ago in Buffalo. A lady by the
name of India Walton um ran she ran and she defeated the
Democratic incumbent, right? But somehow that Democratic incumbent ran as an independent and I heard some
schemy things were going on. he was able to somehow retain his seat. And it's almost like deja vu right now with
Governor Cuomo. Well, Andrew Como right now who's you defeated, but um he's back
as an independent and I don't know if it's a Democratic party of New York. Uh it seems like it's going all over the
country. Um I think Seattle, some lady named Wilson um is is winning and doing
great. So, how do we make sure that something like like this doesn't happen again? And it's just straight up you win
and um have fair elections.
We have to beat Andrew Cuomo one more time.
We do. We do.
This is a man who does not understand that no means no.
This is a man who lost by 13 points to a campaign, our
campaign that got the most votes in New York City primary history,
and still still thinks that this is his race to
win. But I I appreciate the question also
because it's a reminder to us that this job is not done.
The best way to prepare for January is by winning a mandate in November.
and and we will face an incredible amount of
money being spent against us. We will face smears and slander. We will face
the kind of opposition that we have not yet seen in this city. And yet we know
that we have all the same ingredients that defeated those same things in the primary.
So what my ask is to each and every one of you,
we do not ask for your money because we are finished fundraising.
We ask you for something more valuable. We ask you for your time.
Can you put your hand up if you've canvased for this campaign? This is beautiful.
Now, I would ask you to come and canvas again. I would ask those of you that didn't raise your hand to do so, to join
us because it will be people the likes of which we have not seen. 52,000
volunteers in the primary. We are going to get to 90,000 volunteers in the
general.
I don't know if we've said that publicly. So, to the field team, now we really got to get there.
We're good. 90,000. We knocked on 1.6 million doors and made
2.1 million phone calls. And now we have to do it again. And I
want to just say one last thing on this, which is that we know that Senator
Sanders politics, the vision, the ethos of this campaign, it's not just specific to
Democrats. It speaks to people across party lines. On election day, I was
outside Maria Hernandez Park in Bushwick and and I was walking. It was about 6:00
or 7:00 p.m. and I had, like many candidates, convinced myself this was the end. We were going to lose. And in
that spiral of anxiety, a man came on his motorbike. He took off his helmet. I had no idea what he was going to say. He
said, "Can I get a selfie?" I said, "Brother, have you voted?" He said, "I was told I can't vote in a
primary." I said, "Who told you that?" I said, "Give me your driver's license. Let's look up your voter registration."
He was a registered Republican. It's 18 years old, registered Republican. And I said, "You can't vote today, but if we
win, you can vote in November." I tell you that story because there are
so many other New Yorkers just like him who see themselves in this campaign, see
themselves in this struggle, and they need someone to knock on their door, to call their phone, to let them know that
they have a place in this movement because they have a place in this city. That's what we need to do.
I want to, if I might, I want to add a point to that very good question. Maybe a little bit out of place here, but I
want to do it. I find it a little bit strange that when we have a candidate
who competed very hard, that's a number of other people in the Democratic primary. My understanding is you won
that primary. Is that correct? My understanding is you are the Democratic Party candidate for mayor of
the city of New York. Correct. Now, I appropo that question. I find it
hard to understand how the major Democratic leaders in New York State are
not supporting the Democratic candidate.
One might think, one might think that if a candidate
starting at 2% in the polls, gets 50,000 volunteers, creates enormous excitement,
gets young people involved in the political process, gets non-traditional voters to vote, Democratic leaders will
be jumping up and down. This is our guy.
So, we got another fight on our hands, and that is the future of the Democratic
Party. All right, let's get a question
somewhere in the back there. Let me go way on the bleaches. All right. Uh, Faz,
you want to get back there and select somebody? Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa,
whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. That's a lot of hands going up. Who's the Berkeley College student?
What? I'm here. What are they saying? Okay.
All right. One one time. Guys, you got a question back there. Wait, look, there are many people
raising their hands. I can't call on everybody at the same time. Senator Sanders, can you hear me loud and clear?
And Assembly Assemblyman Zoran Mani, can you hear me? I too can hear you. My name is Da. I'm a student here at
Brooklyn College. I'm Jewish, first generation American by Soviet Jews. I am
also a transw woman and I attend school here and I was here back in May as a student and as a private journalist here
during the encampment. Since then, four faculty members have been fired and
these are adjunct faculty members. Since those four faculty members have been
fired, five faculty members and one staff are now under investigation by the
direction of Chancellor Felix Matoss and President Michelle Anderson. We as the
students have been targeted time and time again, not just by by the
administration, but by the faculty who are against us and by the public safety
who have been pointing me out to each other all night long because I refuse to
let the fact that Mr. Mom Donniey's team has put us Brooklyn College students in the very back with black wristbands
segregated from everybody else when we should be up front. We are the next generation of revolutionaries. We should
be speaking to you. In 2016, I met you, Mr. Sanders, outside James Madison High
School, our alma mater. How would you feel if you were a student now being
told to sit in the back?
Thank you. Thank you for bringing this up. And I want to first address
the points that you raised about the faculty members about the repression and the reason that I began my speech
in solidarity with PSC. Can you all stand up if you're
a PSC member? Can can can you stand up if you're a
student of Brooklyn College?
What we what we have seen?
And James, for a little dramatic effect, can I steal your hat?
Thank you, James. Give it up for the head of the PSC, James Davis.
I have a a very large head. I wear this hat and I say this in this
moment because the point that is being raised is that we are seeing faculty members
who are facing not just discipline but termination for the crime of expressing solidarity
with the fight for Palestinian human rights. And I know that this is a repression
that is not unique to Brooklyn College. It is a repression
that extends even to the ways in which
we choose when to send police officers
onto college campuses. the if
the incident around encampments here at Brooklyn College, the decision
to surge officers into that site is one
that leaves students less safe than they were before.
And that is why I have said as a mayor who will live up to Eric Adams of all
people's statement in 2021 that New Yorkers need not choose between safety
and justice that I will be committed to delivering actual safety, not to the use of the
term as a means of repression.
And so this commitment is one that I do not just make as a candidate. It is also one that I will fulfill as the mayor of
this city.
Okay, let's try this section over here. Got to now woman way in the Excuse me. Well,
no, you cannot. over there. Please go.
Hi, good afternoon everyone. Thank you so much. Thank you so so much for taking my question and I'm really worried about
everything. My name is Nirvana Garcia actually and I'm a psychology student at Laguard Community College.
So something is really have tinkered it in my brain since I saw this new
administration attacking against us. attacking us, attacking us, using using
social media to deny transgender identity. That is that's that's not
true. They're denying identity. They're using disinformation, misinformation,
and they're using their power to deny identities and to erase identities.
That's not right. They're using disinformation, misinformation, and they
are just basically destroying our culture. Please, Mr. Sander, what can we do to fight against against
disinformation? You are taking We are taking on
I We are taking on a demagogue. And the demagogues do several things.
One of the things they do is engage in the big lie. They lie all of the time.
They lie all of the time. and they with their big lie whether it is in vaccines
whether it's what happened on January of 2021 whether it's not whether in fact Trump
won the election in 2020 they engage in big lies that's what demagogues do and
we have got to fight them every way that we can and one of the good things is I am seeing on the internet a lot of young
people doing podcasts right now who are talking truth to power,
but you got to fight back because the cornerstone of what Trumpism is about is
a big lie. And you're right. All right, other questions. Okay, young lady right here.
All right. Yeah. Hi, Mr. Sanders and Mr. Rondani. Um, I'm so excited to talk to you guys. Um, my
here's my question. And so basically, I'm going to sit down because I have a lot of spine issues. Um, so here's my
question. So two years ago, I was diagnosed with um, uh, five conditions
in my spine that result in sometimes debilitating chronic pain. And I had to
quit my full-time job at the time because I it was not like it was a very
physical job. It was an education related job. I signed a contract in March to be a first grade teacher this
school year. And three days before I was supposed to start, I learned that the school would not accommodate my physical
disability. And um so now I'm out of work and um I'm also an artist. I'm also
a fourth generation New Yorker. My mom's family has been New Yorkers as long as we've been Americans. Okay. So here's my
question. I joined your campaign, Mr. Mandani, because I love everything you stand for. And so my question is
twofold. One, how are you going to fix Accessoride? And what do you say? And
what do you, Mr. Mom Donnie, say given Cardi B on the stand, what do you
say to men who try to make beautiful women from the Bronx be quiet?
Don't. Thank you.
You know, and and I think I have to say that every time I sit and talk to
Senator Sanders, he will always bring up healthcare.
He will bring up the importance of it, the
necessity of it, and the fact that we need not wait for a federal government
to understand our own role in reckoning with this broken system.
And I think of accessoride as one of many examples of city
government's own failures. I have been guilty
in the beginnings of my politics of thinking that if I were to admit the incompetence, the inefficiencies, the
failures of the public sector, I would be inviting critique of the existence of that sector. But when you do not admit
those things, when you do not reckon with those betrayals, those failures, you make it seem as if you do not care
about the outcomes of that sector. We have we have allowed the rightwing to
take language of efficiency, of fraud, of waste, of quality of life
as if it is their own. It should be the cornerstones of progressive politics.
And so to your point, accessorize We can even go further with how so many
New Yorkers get around New York City. More than a million ride the bus. We have to reckon with the failures.
And one of the first things I will be doing when I get to city hall with the help of each and every one of you is to
audit the entirety of the work that we do and that we fund
because we need to deliver excellence. We need to ensure that public transit
that accessorize these are not the things that only those who cannot afford something else turn to. We need to make
them so good, so reliable, so dependable that no matter how much money is in your pocket, you say, "I'm going to use
this." That's what we have to do.
Theron raises two important issues. Now, how there are a lot of people raising their hands. All right. Please don't
shut up. We'll do our best here. But just want to comment on one point and I want everybody to understand this in
their souls. You are living in the only major country on earth that does not
guarantee healthcare to every man, woman, and child.
Over 40% of Americans who are struggling with
cancer go bankrupt or deplete their life savings. That's half a million people go
bankrupt because of medical bills. That is cruel, immoral, absurd.
And despite all of that, we're spending, talk about efficiency, we're spending
twice as much per capita on healthcare as the people in any other country. You
would, we should have the best gold standard health care system in the
world, not one of the worst. So that's a fight we've got to wage and not ever give up on.
All right. I see a woman right there. Right in the middle in a white blouse. Yes. Yeah, ma'am. Yes. Stand up.
All right. Yes. You stand up. Get a mic. Do we got our mic?
F. You got a mic. Okay. Well, this is scary. Um, hi Senator
Sanders. You're my hero at Canvas for you and I would do it again. Um, thank you. And mom Donnie, depending on
how you answer this question, me and my children will canvas for you too. Um, so
my question is that, you know, I have so I'm so thankful for everything you said.
Um, there, you know, we called out every issue, every community. You've stood for
my family. I'm third generation, my grandma projects, Brooklyn, my dad, and I feel like you've stood up for our
family. I got to go to cutuny and all these things. And as a black woman in New York, I feel privileged because
there are native, we all say we're native New Yorkers, but there are the original native New Yorkers, the Lape
people who are the original chosen stewards of where we are. I'm part of a
Cutuney Indigenous Sovereignty Collective. I'm an indigenous rights activist. And I tell you that they are
still here. They are still trying to come home. We talk about the kids here, but what about the kids from here? How
are you going to help them get education? How are we going to provide housing for them?
You know, they are the first people who suffered from this capitalist core that
we're in. Thanks. Remember, I may or may not canvas for you after this.
We have to answer every question like someone may or may not.
You know, I I think one thing that has frustrated me is the
idea that by acknowledging that betrayal, we have then done the work of
actually reckoning it with it. If if the entirety of our commitment to
people who are native to this city, to this state, to this country is simply an acknowledgement, that is insufficient.
And I have spoken often about
the universal commitment that we have across this city. But it will also take a lens to
understand what are the specific ways in which we have let people down. What are the specific ways in which we have
refused to learn from our own history? And I will tell you with honesty that
there is so much for me to learn and for so many of us to learn about the ways we can actually meet that requirement. And
I tell you this because often times in politics it's seen as if we have a theory of one great person who simply
has all of the ideas and they're coming to deliver us into the future that we deserve. When I was speaking earlier and
I went through freezing the rent, making buses fast and free, delivering universal child care, the idea of making
bus and fast and free was not my idea. It was an idea that I had given to me in
a meeting with another New Yorker who was passionate about transit, Alicia Singum Goodwin.
When we were having meeting after meeting about our campaign to fix the MTA, we were soliciting people for
advice of what do you think we should do? And I share this with you to say that I look at you and to everyone in
this crowd as the potential source of the answer to how we actually reckon
with it because I have an interest in actually answering that question. Thank you.
All right. All right. Let me make an apology here. I've got a plane to catch. So
maybe one more question. I see a woman faz right behind you. Yeah. Woman. Nope.
That's one. Yep. All right. Both women. All right. Two
questions. Let's go. Sort off. Um hello uh Senator Sanders Zoran Mdani.
My name is Remy Bahhati. I'm a Ugandanborn Colombia educated journalist.
Um, I have a question probably you can both answer it. Uganda has been in the
news for the wrong reasons and the reason is because they have accepted to
host deportes from the US and it's setting a precedent for New
York immigrants who are everyday living in fear of being deported to countries like Uganda to countries that we have no
idea about. Zoran, first I would like to you to pronounce yourself on the
decision by Uganda where you're originally from on taking immigrants from the US and then two, what are you
going to do to protect immigrant New Yorkers living in fear every single day.
So I have to say a few words in Luganda to begin because I'm a New Yorker. I'm an American and also nima Uganda.
I think it is wrong to res to accept any part in the Trump administration's
deportation agenda. It is wrong.
It should be opposed and we should understand that the greatest responsibility is with this
administration here seeking to tear families apart across this country.
We are in a city where 40% of New Yorkers were born outside of this country. I am one of those New Yorkers.
and and we know that while I am proud
to be one of the first immigrant mayors of this city in generations, that
representation in and of itself is insufficient. We must be prouder still of the work that we will do.
And so one of the key things that we can do here in New York City is to actually start to provide legal representation to
New Yorkers in detention proceedings.
There are tens of thousands of New Yorkers who are in immediate danger of
deportation. And City Hall has only assisted fewer
than 200. Fewer than 200. And the reason is not
simply an illustration of our values that we are betraying that. It's because we know that this is effective. Just the
mere act of having legal representation in that proceeding increases your likelihood to go home to your family by
11fold. 11fold. And so one of the first priorities of my
administration will be to increase funding by tens of millions of dollars
to scale up this program such that we do everything in our power to ensure that
immigrant New Yorkers are not living in fear across this city.
I could keep going, but I know the senators got to go. I just wanted to add to that.
This idea of picking people up off the street with men who have masks around
their faces, throwing them into vans, taking them to god knows where, and then
deporting them to countries where they know nobody is beyond unspeakable.
It is disgusting. It is what takes place in two bit
dictatorships. That's what happens in dictatorships, not in the United States of America. So
in Washington, we have our responsibility to stop that ugly behavior. All right, last question.
Woman in the back there. Yeah, ma'am. Hi, thank you so much for the time. My name is Samantha. I'm a labor rights
activist. My question was going to be Thank you. My question was going to be
about protecting immigrant populations because so frequently they are the ones
who are being exploited in the workplace. But since you have already
answered that beautiful question, thank you so much from this wonderful woman in
front of me. Could I ask how you're going to protect this city from the National Guard coming in?
The first thing is we have to prepare for the inevitability of that deployment. We cannot try and
convince ourselves that because something is illegal, Donald Trump will not do it. We have to be prepared and we
have to be cleareyed and we have to understand that it will take every single tool at our disposal.
We saw in California the mayor of LA, the attorney general of
the state, and the governor work together to fight back against the White House's deployment of the National
Guard. They filed a lawsuit. A federal judge just recently found in
their favor that the deployment of the National Guard was illegal.
I give you this example because partnership is critically important in fighting back
against Donald Trump. Can you imagine Andrew Cuomo working together with Tis James and Kathy Hokll
to fight back against the deployment? Why would he fight back when it's Donald
Trump that's trying to get him elected right now? But it's not enough to just file that
lawsuit. We also have to ensure that we make
clear that if Donald Trump is interested in helping New York, which is the premise of all of these deployments of
cleaning up our cities, he should undo the legislation that he
has passed that is attacking this same city. Because when I meet New Yorkers, I
hear from them how they already can't afford this place. I hear from them how it is further and further out of reach.
And this legislation, this is going to tear the fabric of our city apart. That
is where his focus should be and that is what all of us will be fighting for.
Okay. Well, listen. Thank you all very much for coming out.
Thank you.
You know, getting to be 50 years of age, Zerat, is not it's not that easy. Pretty
hard. All right. There you go. All right, brothers and
sisters. I think what we have heard tonight from the questions from Zeron, from me, these are unprecedented and
difficult moments in our history. But you know what? This country has gone
through difficult moments in the past. The essence of Trumpism is dividing us
up. What we believe is bringing our people
together. They are the 1%. We are the 99%.
Let us stand together. Let us defeat oligarchy and make New York and America
the places we know they can become. Thank you all very much.
Sometimes I'm right and I can be wrong. My own beliefs are in my song.
The picture Makes no