[Applause] Thank you, Charleston.
In case you haven't noticed, there are a lot of people here.
Let me let me thank love you too.
Let me thank Whistle and Fish for the music. Let me thank Joanna Vance, Morgan
Fowler, Maria Gunno, and Zach Shrewsbury for their comments.
So, some of you may be wondering, what is the senator from the great state of
Vermont doing in the great state of West Virginia?
And I will give you the answer. I happen not to believe in blue state, red state
nonsense.
In my state, Mr. Trump got, I think, 33% of the vote.
In your state, he got 70% of the vote.
But you know what? What I have learned and what I believe from the bottom of my
heart is whether you're a workingclass person in Vermont or a workingclass
person here in West Virginia, the issues and the struggles you face are exactly
the same. In Vermont, we are struggling with
inadequate wages. That's what you are facing here. In Vermont, we're paying
some of the highest health care cost in the country. You got a health care crisis here.
In Vermont, we can't afford to send our kids to college. Neither can you. We've
got environmental problems. You've got environmental problems.
So, let us not allow the establishment people to divide us up. Not blue state,
not red state, not whether we're black or we're white, whether we're Latino,
whether we're gay or whether we are straight, whether we're Muslim. We are one people.
And if we stand together,
if we stand together, we can do enormous things because at the end of the day,
and I'll talk about this in a moment, the 1% and the oligarchs have enormous
wealth and enormous power. And that is true. But I am not while I am not a PhD in
mathematics, I do know that 99% is a hell of a lot larger
number than 1%.
And our job our job is not to allow them to divide us up. Now, let me just talk a
little bit about who I am and in a sense why I got involved in politics, why I'm
here today. I grew up uh in Brooklyn, New York. And
I grew up uh to a father who came to this
country at the age of 17 without a nickel in his pocket, couldn't speak English, worked hard his whole life to
never made, like most people a whole lot of money. And we lived in Brooklyn in a rent
controlled apartment. That's the kind of apartments that are available. People don't have a lot of money.
And my mother's dream, my mother's dream was that someday we would own a home of
our own. She died young and we never achieved that dream. And when I look
back on my childhood and the events that shaped my life, it's not that we didn't
have enough to eat. We did. It's the kind of stress and arguments
that my parents went through. I think, you know, when you're kids and you hear your parents arguing, it it tears you
apart. And that's what happened in my household. And it was always about money. We don't have enough money to do
this. My mom wanted to do that. We can't do this. And what I learned then and what I know
now is that there are tens of millions of families in our country today who are
dealing with that that exact type of stress. And what our job has got to be
is to understand that we are living not in a poor country. If we were living in
a poor country, I would give you a certain speech. We are living in the wealthiest country in the history of the
world.
And there is no excuse, no excuse that in this country today,
60% of Americans, probably more here in West Virginia, are living paycheck to
paycheck. So, let me tell you a little bit what
you're not going to see on corporate media and you're not going to hear on
the floor of the Senate or the House. And that is right now in America, we
have more income and wealth inequality than we have ever had in the history of
America. [Applause] today in America, if you can believe it,
and it really is quite unbelievable, and I think a lot of folks don't believe it, but the truth is that you got one man,
Mr. Musk, who owns more wealth than the bottom 52%
of American households. [Applause]
You got the top 1% owning more wealth than the bottom 93%.
[Music] [Applause] You got CEOs of major corporations
making 350 times what their workers make.
There was just a piece in the paper, I think it was the Washington Post the other day, there's a big competition
going on in Palm Beach, Florida, where these zillionaires
are buying, you know, this waterfront property and building homes for tens and
tens of millions of dollars. So the bottom line is that the people on
top today are making money hand over fist. They don't know what to do with
their money. Jeff Bezos, the second wealthiest guy in
the world, had a nice little wedding in Venice
and he wanted to give his new wife a nice little give. Gave her a $5 million ring. Guy owns 14 homes.
These guys are incredibly wealthy. But what is driving them and what is
going to destroy this country unless we turn it around is their incredible
greed. They are very religious people and greed
is their religion. They worship on the altar of money.
And I got to tell you, they are not nice guys. They could care less
about what they are doing to ordinary Americans. So that is one reality. People on top
with enormous economic power, enormous wealth. Today in America, we have more
concentration of ownership than we have ever seen. You know why
prices are high? Because in sector after sector, you got a three or four major corporations controlling what is
produced and the prices you pay. These guys have not only enormous economic
power, but what is even more dangerous is they now have incredible political
power. So, let me tell you what I think you already know, and that is the
current campaign finance system in America is totally corrupt.
So, what does it mean? It means that as a result of this
disastrous Citizens United Supreme Court decision, That's right.
Billionaires are now able to spend as much money as they want on an election.
Got it? So, you can run for office, but they can spend hundreds of millions of dollars
against you. Elon Musk himself put in some $270
million to elect Donald Trump. Does anybody
think does anybody think that that is vaguely what democracy is supposed to be
about? And Musk's reward, of course, was that
he was given the most powerful position in government for a few months, where he exercised his right-wing extremist views
through tens of thousands of federal employees off of their jobs, helped
break the federal employees union, and took funding away from USID,
which keeps keeps millions of starving and desperate people around the world
alive.
But what their political power is about is not just Mr. Musk and the Republican
party. It is also true in the Democratic party. Now I want to give you
I want to give you just one example and I could give you many. In my view
Kla Harris should have won this election.
And in my view, the reason that she did not win the election is she was
surrounded by a lot of moneyed people who told her not to speak out strongly
on behalf of the working class of this country. But I'll give you another example
because it's not just when you talk about money in politics, it is not just campaigns. It deals with
the legislation that I vote on every day. I'll give you two examples.
Trump's big beautiful bill is the
is in my opinion the worst and most dangerous piece of legislation passed in
the modern history of this country.
It is going to be a disaster for the country and especially for workingclass states like West Virginia. It is going
to be horrific. You are going to see tens and tens of
thousands of people who are now on Medicaid lose their benefits. You are
going to see many people who use the Affordable Care Act pay significantly higher rates. You're going to see kids
who are hungry go without the food that they need. Kids who want to get an education not being able to do that.
Now, where did all of those savings go in terms of cutting Medicaid, the
Affordable Care Act, nutrition, education? They went for massive tax
breaks for Trump's wealthy oligarchic campaign contributions.
how disgraceful shame is the right word. You know, we can argue about, you know,
we can argue about policy, but I don't think there are too many people in
America who think it is a good idea to take food from the mouths of hungry kids, take health care away from
workingclass people, and then give those savings in tax breaks to billionaires
and large corporations. But that is exactly what Trump did. And that is exactly what wealthy campaign
contributors wanted. They paid for that. Now, that's one thing. Let me give you
another example, different issue. In my view, and I've led the effort in
this direction, I think what is going on in Gaza now is absolutely horrific.
What is going on now, what has gone on in the last period of
time is not just the killing of 60,000 people, a majority of whom were women,
children, and the elderly. Not just the wounding and injuring of 140,000 people,
most of whom women, children, and the elderly. not just the complete
destruction of the infrastructure of Gaza, their schools, their universities,
their health care systems, their water systems, their housing. Not just that, and right now what is going on is the
starvation of children in Gaza. The starvation.
Now, I introduced I took the lead on this and I introduced legislation that
would stop funding Netanyahu's war machine
and I did that on a number of occasions and I'm happy to tell you that we have
seen a significant number of growth in the number of Democrats who are now voting a significant majority against
funding of Netanyahu's war machine. But one of the problems and but also I want
to say that we did not in the last vote we got 27 votes. We did not get one
Republican. [Music] In my view, Republicans in West Virginia
and throughout this country do not want to spend billions of dollars to fund the
starvation of children in Gaza. And I would hope that Republicans stand
up and tell their members of Congress there are a lot better things we could do with our money than starve children.
But the point that I'm making here is that one of the reasons we have had so
much opposition to stop the funding of the Israel war machine is not that
people in Congress don't know what's going on. They do. But if they stand up
and say, "Wait a minute. I don't want to starve children." On the next day, you'll have super PACs like Apac saying,
"We're going to run against you and spend unlimited amounts of money."
[Music] In terms of Trump's big beautiful bill, you may recall there was a senator,
Republican senator from North Carolina, Tom Tillis is his name. And Tillis made
the mistake of actually reading the bill. And he saw that it would be devastating
to North Carolina. He saw it. He said, "You know what? I can't vote for this bill." That's what he announced.
Literally the next day, the Trump world started blasting him. Billionaires were
saying, "We're going to spend whatever it takes to defeat you." Day later, Hiller said, "I'm out of here. I'm not
running for reelection." So what you got is a campaign finance
system in which the billionaires call the tunes
and members of Congress follow in suit. The most important political change that
we can make in this country is to overturn this disastrous Citizens United
Supreme Court decision.
I want people, working people, low-income people, to be able to run for office,
not having to beg billionaires for money. I want an election I want to see
elections where what matters is a clash of ideas. You disagree with me? Great.
Come on up. Run against me. argue your ideas versus my ideas. That is called
democracy.
Let us not have what we have now is super PACs putting zillions of dollars
into these ugly 30-cond TV ads. That is not democracy. But our job now, brothers
and sisters, is not just to take on Trump's ugly and dangerous agenda.
His agenda is not only tax breaks for the rich and cuts and programs for working people, as I'm sure everybody
here knows, in a very frightening way, he is moving us toward an authoritarian
society.
He is usurping the powers of Congress. He is challenging the responsibilities
of the courts. He is suing the media. He is trying to undermine universities and
law firms throughout this country. And what I say to Mr. trouble is too many
people in Vermont and West Virginia have put their lives on the line and
sometimes died to defend our democracy. We're not going to let them take that
away from us.
Now Trump is his politics, his style of politics is new to America, but it is
not new to the world. He is playing the same old playbook that demagogues have
always used. And what is the essence of what demagogues do? What they do is they
pick on minorities, often powerless minorities, and they blame those
minorities for all the problems that people are experiencing. In our country,
it used to be blacks, used to be gays. Uh in Europe, it was Jews, it was
gypsies. You pick your minority group, they're powerless. And then you blame them for all of the problems society is
facing today. The targets are primarily undocumented people and the trans
community.
So what Trump does and I was there was a remarkable thing. I don't know if any of you recall it. I lose. I was there at
his State of the Union speech. This guy went on wrote the longest state of the union speech ever. I thought it was 100 minutes.
He forgot to talk about the healthcare crisis. forgot to talk about the
education crisis, forgot to talk about the climate crisis, forgot to talk about
virtually every major issue facing the American people. But what did he talk
about? He talked about undocumented people. And he lied and he lied and he lied. So this is what I want to say.
Okay, this is what demagogues always do. You got a housing problem. You got a
healthcare problem. You're not making enough money. Your kids can't go to college. You know whose fault it is?
It's all the undocumented. And we are got to come together to hate the undocumented. And that we forget about
the oligarchs and the people who have the wealth and the power.
That's the oldest trick in the book. Trump didn't invent it. That's what they
always do. And our job is to do exactly the opposite. Now, let me give you some
examples. I get around the country a lot and I ask people a simple question. I'm going to ask it to you right now. Does
the American health care system work?
That is exactly the response I get to every audience I talk to.
So, here's what you got in healthcare. You got a situation where we spend as a
nation almost double what every other nation on earth spends. You got that? We
are spending the insane amount of $14,000 a year for every man, woman, and
child. When you spend that kind of money, we should have the best
health care system in the world by far.
Well, we don't. According to all of the studies, despite all the money we spend,
we have one of the worst systems. And the reason for that is the function of
the American health care system today is not to provide quality for everybody.
The function is to make a whole lot of money for the insurance companies and the drug companies.
So when we go forward, and I don't care whether you're a conservative, Republican or a progressive,
the vast majority of the American people understand that healthc care is a human
right, not a privilege.
And what I want you to understand and what I want you to understand and I think a lot of people around the country
don't understand this is not a radical idea. This exists in ver in virtually every
other major country on earth. I live 50 miles away from the Canadian border. You
end up in a hospital in Canada for a month. You know what the bill is when you come out? Zero. and they spend far less per capita
than we spend. So our job together is to
take on the greed of the insurance companies and the greed of the drug companies who by the way charge us by
far the highest prices in the world for prescription drugs. We got to take them on and move to a Medicare for all
singlepayer system.
And I want you all just to think for a minute what it will mean working people
all over this country to understand that when you get sick or your mom gets sick or your kids get sick, you don't have to
worry about how you're going to pay the bill. You go to the doctor when you need to go to the doctor. And by the way,
when we talk about health care workforce, we need to substantially
increase the number of doctors we have, the number of nurses we have, the number of dentists that we have, the number of
mental health counselors that we have. This is a system broken from top to
bottom, only designed to make the drug companies, the insurance companies richer. And we have got to change that.
And again, we can do that a in terms of healthcare. We don't have to spend any more money
because this system is so bureaucratic and wasteful that spending the same amount can cover all of our people.
Terms of education, let's talk about education for a second. Education is the
foundation of a vibrant democracy. And in a competitive global economy, we need
the best educated workforce in the world.
So what do we got today? Let's look at education in the richest country in the
world where the billionaires are doing phenomenally well. Start off with anybody here have little kids in child
care? Yes. Okay. Cost of child care is off the roof
in Vermont. maybe 20 $25,000 a year and meanwhile
the teachers the instructors at child care are paid starvation wages.
Okay, so think about it. If we understand what every psychologist will
tell you that the ages of zero through four are the most important years of
human development intellectually and emotionally. Right? And if we believe, you know, you all
these people, they love America. Well, if you love America, you love the future of America. You love the children of
America.
They are our future and we should love them and cherish
them. And that means among other things, we should not have the highest rate of
childhood poverty of any major country on earth. We should not have kids going to bed
hungry at night. And we should have a first class child care system.
And if you want, here's another story. When you talk about America, there was a time decades ago when America led the
world. We were the best educated country on earth. No longer the case. We had a higher percentage of our people getting
a college degree than any other country. No longer the case. Right now, if you
are the son or daughter of a workingclass person, you got to think
twice about whether you even want to go to college because you're going to come out $50, $100,000 in debt. You want to
become a doctor in America? Guess what? You're going to come out $500,000
in debt. A nurse, $150,000
in debt. Meanwhile, we need doctors. We nurses. We need people in the construction
industry to help us rebuild our broken infrastructure
and to help us move to sustainable energy.
So for the sake of the future of this country, we have got to make sure that
every child in America gets the best education he or she can regardless of
their income.
And once again, once again, it is not a radical idea to say that we should make
public colleges and universities tuitionfree.
And I'm happy to say that there are some states beginning to move in that direction. And what our dream is, our
vision is that every kid, no matter how poor, understands that if he or she does
their school work well, is discipline, studies hard, they will be able to get a
college degree or go to a good trade school or whatever.
So in America today, again, richest country on earth, rich doing phenomenally well, health care system is
broken, educational system in deep trouble. What other basic necessity do
people need? Well, last I heard, most of us need a roof over our heads. We need decent housing. In America today,
800,000 of our people are homeless and 20 million households are spending half
of their limited incomes on housing. Think about that. You're spending 50% of
your income on housing. How do you have money for anything else? You don't. So why in the richest country on earth are
we not building millions of units of lowincome and affordable housing
in Trump's big terrible bill. Not only
do we cut Medicaid etc. we also put another 150 billion into the military.
We now spend more than the 10 next 10 nations below us combined on military
spending. Maybe instead of building tanks and guns, maybe we should build
low-income and affordable housing.
And when we talk about where we are as a nation today, here is a reality that
everybody understands. And that is that over the last 50 years, I want you to
think back 50 years, there's been a huge explosion in technology, right?
And every worker in this room is far more productive than the person who had
a similar type job 50 years ago. Okay. One might think that when we are seeing
increased worker productivity, workers would be making a lot more
income. Right? Here is the truth. And this is really
quite an unbelievable reality. It's not discussed enough, but over the last 50
years, real income accounted for weekly wages
for workers are actually lower today than they were 50 years ago. Can you
believe that? So workers are producing much more and yet in real inflation
accounted for dollars, they're earning less. And a study came out a couple of
years ago from the Rand Corporation and it said that during that period of time there was a $75
trillion redistribution of wealth from the bottom 90% to the top 1%. Got it? So
that's what's going on. What we're seeing is workers are working long hours. They're more productive. They're going nowhere in a hurry. And meanwhile,
the people on top are getting all the wealth and almost all of the income. So, what do we got to do about that? There
are a couple of things. First of all, the good news is that all over this country, workers want to join unions.
This morning, this morning I had the honor, we were in Mingo County, uh, and
we went to the, um, museum in Madawan. I don't know if any of you have been there.
And you have a hell of a history here of union struggle in West Virginia.
And what the mine workers and the others have done has had an impact on the labor
movement all over this country. But right now, despite the fact that workers
want to join unions, very often they can't because their companies are acting
illegally in preventing them from forming a union. And that's why we've
got to pass piece of legislation I introduced called the PRO Act, which would punish any corporation that acted
against workers legal right to form a union.
What's the minimum wage here in West Virginia? 875 an hour. Anybody live on 875 an
hour? All right. We got to raise the minimum wage nationally to at least 17 bucks an
hour.
We are one of only a very few countries around the world, including poor
countries, that don't guarantee paid family and medical leave.
Mothers should not have to make the choice about whether or not they stay home with
their sick kids or get fired.
So, we got to put that on our working class agenda. We got to guarantee paid
family and medical leave and sick leave to every worker in America.
Now, I didn't know this until a couple of years ago when I studied this and I became when I became chairman of the
health education labor committee. It turns out really, again, it's all of
this stuff is so astounding given that we are such a wealthy country. Turns out that over 20% of seniors in America are
trying to survive on $15,000 a year or less. Got that?
Half of seniors are trying to get by on $30,000 a year or less. And then you got
people out there who are trying to undermine Social Security and cut Social Security.
We're not going to cut Social Security. We're going to expand Social Security.
And the way you do that is not hard. Right now, somebody makes 10 million a
year, they pay the same amount into the Social Security trust fund. Somebody makes 176,000. We're going to lift that
cap and ask those folks to start putting the money into the system.
Trump and his friends want to lay tens of thousands of workers off from the Veterans Administration. We don't.
We're going to expand veterans benefits, expand the health care, and get more
doctors and nurses into the Veterans Administration, not lay off thousands of workers there.
When Trump ran for president, he kind of pretended that he was a friend of working families. I want to I want to
just say to those folks in West Virginia or Vermont who may have listened to
Trump, you know, he gave long speeches and went on and on. Let me tell you what he did not talk about during his
campaign. In fact, what he did, I don't recall that during his campaign when he
asked for your vote, he didn't tell you that he was going to give a trillion dollar in tax breaks to the top 1%.
Anyone hear him say that? 900 billion in tax breaks to large
profitable corporations. I didn't hear that. Trump did not tell the American people,
"Hey, elect me, president, and we're going to throw 15 million people off of
Medicaid and raise insurance rates for those people on the Affordable Care Act."
Could have missed it. I don't think he said that. Trump did not campaign
on telling people in West Virginia or Vermont that with these cuts in Medicaid, we're going to be losing rural
hospitals, more pressure on community health centers. I don't think he told us
that. He didn't tell us that he was going to double double or in some cases
triple monthly student loan payments. Forgot to tell you that, right?
[Music] So, you know, Trump campaigned on a lot of things, but what he ends up doing is
not what he said he would do in terms of the most important issues facing our
country. So, brothers and sisters, we are where we are right now. We are in an
economy which is doing phenomenally well for the rich while the middle class and workingclass and low-income people are
struggling. We are living in an economy where our health care system is broken. Our
education system is in very deep trouble. We're all over this country we
are facing environmental problems because of climate change. I just flew in from Vermont the other day. And in
Vermont right now we're breathing filthy air which comes from Canadian wildfires.
And we're going to see those kind of wildfires. We're seeing drought. We're seeing flooding. You've had flooding here in West Virginia. We've had it in
Vermont. You're going to see heat waves taking place in Europe, all over the world. And we have got to recognize,
unlike Trump, that climate change is real.
So, I'm not going to kid you. I'm going to tell you what you I think know.
This is an unprecedented moment uh in the modern history of this country. We
are in deep trouble. But I will also remind you that this is not the first
time in American history where we have faced very very difficult situations.
And it's important to remember that because I think sometimes people get overwhelmed. Oh, we can't we can't take on the oligarchs. We can't create a
decent life for working families. Just you think back in American history. I don't mean to be overly romantic here,
but think back when this country was first formed. You got a small number of people taking on the entire British
Empire. You know what? They stood up and they fought back and they won.
Wasn't easy. You think about the struggle against the
abomination of slavery and how many people in the 1830s, 1840s,
1850s all over the country stood up and say, you know, slavery is not what
America can tolerate. We got to get rid of it. And they were ridiculed. They were beaten. They were killed. And a
terrible, terrible civil war took place. Hundreds of thousands of people died. We ended slavery. And then came the Jim
Crow era of segregation in the south. And you have people like Dr. Martin
Luther King Jr. and others. And millions of people, black and white, rallied and said, you know what? We're not going to
accept apartheid in the United States of America. We fought that fight and we won that fight.
You think about the position of women in American
society. I can remember not so many years ago, a few decades ago, there was one woman in the United States Senate
and for decades, way back when, women fought, sometimes died, went to jail,
went on hunger strikes to demand not only the right for women to vote, but to
break down all of the sexist barriers that women face.
And we're still fighting that fight. But we won major victories.
When I was a kid growing up, there was nobody, no kid that I know who acknowledged being gay. And people
suffered as a result of that. We have come a long way where people understand
that people have a right to their sexual orientation.
30, 40 years ago, nobody I mean, nobody would have imagined we'd have a black
president. Nobody would imagine that we would have gay marriage in America. But we prevailed. People mobilized. They
organized. They stood up for justice and they won.
So I'm not going to tell you that the struggle against the oligarchs is easy.
It is not. I know these guys. They have unlimited. You don't know what the word unlimited is. You know, you think of
money in a certain way. Do I have $10 to do this? Should I go out and do that? Money is for them a whole different
world. A million means nothing. That's chump change. Hundreds of millions don't mean anything. Hey, you're running for
office. I'll support you. Here's a hundred million dollars. doesn't mean anything to them. They got unlimited amounts of money. They own the media.
They control both political parties to a significant degree. They got a lot of
power. But our job is not to hide under the covers. Our job is not to say, "Oh my
god, there's nothing we can do." That is exactly what they want you to do.
They want you to feel powerless. But you are not powerless.
When we stand together, that's what the trade union movement has taught us. When
we stand together, we win.
And I can also tell you, having been to every state in this country, that the agenda that we fight for, demanding that
the rich start paying their fair share of taxes,
healthc care is a human right. Raising the minimum wage, paid family
and medical leave, making college available to all regardless of income. These are not radical ideas. They're
supported by the majority of Americans in this country.
And West Virginia, West Virginia, you have a unique role to
play. And I mean this sincerely. This is a working class state. That is what you
are. And your job right now is to bring people together to make it clear that
every person in West Virginia, Vermont, and all over this country deserves a
decent standard of living. That you deserve a vibrant democracy.
So brothers and sisters, we got a lot of work to do. Let us not go backward in fear. Let us
go forward. Let us take on the oligarchs. Let us win this thing. Thank you very much.
The people to the people.
Power to the people.