I was Thank you. What a great turnout.
I was told that West Virginia was a conservative state. Somebody got it
wrong. Let me thank the Exit Angels, Brian
Butcher, Amy Joe Hutchinson, Danielle Walker, and Zack Shrewberry for their
work.
All right, let me let me cut to the chase. We are living
in a moment that is unprecedented in the modern
history of this country and we have got to act in an unprecedented way in
response.
You know, I've been all over this country in the last number of months,
and what I've learned is the American people do not want to live under an
oligarchic form of society.
The American people and the men and women who put on the
uniform of this country fought and died to defend democracy.
And we are not going to let Trump take us to an authoritarian
society.
And the working people of this country understand there is something profoundly
wrong when you have a president who gives a trillion dollar in tax breaks to
the top 1% [Applause]
and then makes massive cuts. to Medicaid. 15 million Americans,
including 50,000 right here in West Virginia, are going to lose their healthcare.
[Applause] Cuts to nutrition, literally taking food
out of the mouths of hungry kids. [Applause]
Now, we understand that what's going on right now is an
acceleration of what's gone on in this country for the last 50 years. And that is the
people on top who have never ever had it so good. They're not satisfied. They got
a couple hundred billion, not enough. They want more and more and they in
their greed. See these are very religious people
[Applause] and their religion is greed
and they worship on the altar of money
and they don't care if they throw people off of health insurance. And you know
what happens? Let's be frank. throw it out on the table. When you throw 15
million people off of the health care they have, workingass people, lowincome
people, you know what happens when people can't go to a doctor when they need to?
They die. study came out from Yale and the University of Pennsylvania estimating
that up to 50,000 people a year will die unnecessarily
because of Trump's big beautiful bill. [Applause]
So, but it is not just that bill. What's gone on in the last 50 years of
this country is there has been a massive transfer of wealth
from the bottom 90% to the top 1%.
The Rand Corporation, not a particularly progressive group, estimates that that
transfer of wealth was 75 trillion
from the bottom 90% to the top 1%. [Applause]
Now, in that same period, and this is really unbelievable, think back what
life was like 50 years ago and all of the technological improvements that we
have seen making workers far more productive. But you know what's happened during that period? Despite all of that
increase in worker productivity, real inflation accounted for weekly wages for
American workers are lower today than they were 50 years ago.
[Applause] So what we are here tonight to say
loudly and clearly, we want, we demand, we will have an economy that works for
all of us, not just the 1%.
Now, like many of you who are here today, and
certainly the majority of the people in West Virginia, I grew up in a workingclass family. My dad had a job,
went to work every day, just never made any money. And we, you know, lived
paycheck to paycheck. There was great stress in our household. I remember the
fights between my mom and my dad about money all of the time. And right now,
and by the way, that reality of living in a rent control apartment and seeing what stress does to families that don't
have money, that has motivated my political life because I know
I know and you know, and this is really again quite incredible
that today in the richest country in the history of the the world 6060%
of our people are living paycheck to paycheck.
Anybody here living paycheck to paycheck? All right. So, you all know what that is
about. What it's about is that you wake up in the morning and you're saying, "Am
I gonna be able to pay the rent at the end of the month? Am I going to be able
to buy to buy the decent quality food my kid needs? And what happens if somebody
in the family gets sick and I have a large deductible? How am I going to pay that? I can't go to the doctor. My mom's
sick. She can't afford prescription drugs. What am I going to do? And right now throughout this country, there are
millions of people living with massive amounts of stress.
And do you know what happens when you live with stress? That's right. Now, here is the fact. I
think many of you may know that pathetically, despite all of the money we spend on health care in this country,
we have a lower life expectancy than other wealthy countries. Did you all know that it's about four years younger?
But what you don't know is that workingass Americans
are living six years shorter lives than the wealthy.
Number of years ago, I did a hearing in the Senate. We had a bunch of doctors up
there and what they were talking about is what's called diseases of despair.
You know what that is? And that is that when people live under constant stress,
when every single day is a battle for survival, things happen to their minds,
things happen to their bodies. They get sicker physically, sicker mentally as
well. And the end result of that is a lot of people in this country die
because they're turning they're trying to escape life and they're turning to drugs, they're turning to booze, they're
turning to cigarettes, whatever. But the bottom line is that in the richest country in the history of this world,
millions of our people are struggling just to survive and are experiencing
enormous stress. Now, what our job is
is to profoundly take on the ideology
of the corporate world and the oligarchs. [Applause]
And what our job is to understand. and you're not going to hear too many people talking about it is that today and into
the future when we see an explosion of technology with AI and robotics,
we can fulfill what humanity has been dreaming about for a very long time. We
can in fact provide a good quality standard of living for every man, woman
and child on this country.
[Applause]
But in order to do that, we're going to have to take on the greed of the
oligarchs. We're going to have to tell them that no, it is not acceptable from
a moral or economic point of view that one man, Mr. Musk, has more wealth than
the bottom 52% of American households.
Now, am I missing something? Or is that totally crazy that one guy has more
wealth than the bottom half of households in America?
Does anybody think it is vaguely right that the top 1% own more wealth than the
bottom 93%. Anybody think it's right that CEOs of large
corporations make 350 times what their workers make?
So that is what our struggle is about is to take on the greed of these people and
say you know what you cannot and will not have it all.
[Applause] But their greed,
their greed is not only, you know, and sometimes I stop and I think about it. I
mean, how much money does anybody need? I mean, really, everybody wants to have money. No great secret about that. But
the idea the idea that these guys are prepared to support legislation
which takes food away from hungry kids, throws people off of health care, cuts
housing in order what? To give them a massive tax break that they don't need.
They have enough money, these guys, to support their family for the next thousand years. They don't need anymore.
But it's not just what's going on in America today is not
just massive amounts and unprecedented amounts of income and wealth inequality. That's bad enough. But what these guys
are also doing is moving very rapidly to control our political system.
The worst decision I think or at least one of them made by the US Supreme Court and they made a lot of bad decisions,
but certainly one of them was this disastrous Citizens United Supreme Court decision.
And the result of that decision is that right now billionaires have spent many,
many hundreds of millions of dollars in both political parties to support their
candidates. Now, I have an idea. I want you to hear me here. Any one of you who wants to
kick in a mere $270 million
to a presidential candidate, you know what? Hey, you can end up having the most important position in government,
only 270 million. But that's not just Musk helping to
elect Trump. One of the reasons, in my view, that Kla Harris lost this election
is she had too many billionaires telling her not to speak up for the working class of this country.
[Applause]
And when we talk about where we are politically today, this is the way I see
it as a member of the US Senate. Number one, you got a Republican party which increasingly increasingly
is a party that supports the cult of the individual. Do you know what I mean by
that? In other words, look, we all have friends who disagree with us politically. That's what America is
supposed to be about. But what you're seeing now, and this was not the case so
many years ago, you're seeing now Trump snapping his finger and people jumping
as high as they can. And when occasionally, give you one
example of this. It's a guy named Tom Tillis. I don't know if that name means anything. All right. Tillis is a
Republican senator from North Carolina. So Tillis takes a look at this terrible
big beautiful bill that he sees. It's going to be a disaster for North Carolina as it will be for every other
state in the country. He looks at the bill, studies it, and he says, "You know what? I can't vote for that bill." And
then you know what happens? Within minutes, Trump is blasting them in the
social media and people are threatening to raise all kinds of money to run
against them. And a few hours later, Diller said, "Hey, I'm out of here. I'm
not running for reelection." So, what you have is a situation, and it's not just in the Republican party, is a give
you another example. I have led the effort in the United States Senate to
stop funding this horrific Netanyahu war against the people of Gaza.
And And
we are making some progress. Couple of weeks ago, I introduced a
resolution to ban the sale of weapons, certain weapons to Israel.
The last time I did that a number of months ago, we got 15 votes. This time we got 27 votes.
But my point here, point that I want to make is if you think that not every
single person in the US Senate understands what is going on in Gaza now that children are literally being
starved to death. They know it. They know it. All right. But what is
happening is there are super PACs who say you stand up and don't fund military
aid to Israel, we are going to run against you. And in fact, groups like Apac have done that and they have
defeated really good members of Congress. So when we think about the
reforms that we need in this country, I want all of you to place at the very top of your list the need to end this
disastrous Citizens United Supreme Court decision.
[Applause] We believe we believe in a democracy
of one person, one vote. Not billionaires buying politicians.
Now, I know that Trump did very, very well here in the state of West Virginia.
So, I want to say a word. I want to say a word to folks in West Virginia and in
fact across the country who kind of believed what Trump was saying during
the campaign. Trump talked a good game. But this is
what in fact he has done. Trump did not campaign, not that I heard and I paid
attention that he was going to give a trillion dollars in tax breaks to the top 1%.
Did you hear him say that during the campaign? Did you hear him talk about 900 billion
in tax breaks for large profitable corporations?
Did you hear him talk about throwing 15 million Americans off of Medicaid?
Did you hear him campaign on raising health insurance premiums by more than
75% for some 20 million Americans?
Did you hear him? Did you hear him campaign on taking away free school
meals for up to 16 million kids?
Did you hear him campaign on doubling or tripling monthly student loan payments
for millions of Americans who are already drowning in debt?
I don't recall Trump during the campaign talking about shutting down Social
Security field offices, [Applause] making it harder for seniors and people
with disabilities to get the benefits that they deserve. And I surely did not hear Trump talking
about throwing some 80,000 employees out of the Veterans
Administration, which will lower the quality of care our veterans receive.
So Trump campaigned on a series of lies. He said he would
speak up for the working families. The truth of the matter, he is standing up for his oligarchic buddies.
[Applause] So what do we have to do? But we have
got to do and the reason I'm here in West Virginia, I'm not here just to give a speech. I am here to beg of you to
organize around this state. Get workingclass people organized to stand
up and fight the fights that have to be fought.
[Applause]
Now whether whether the Democratic Party is capable
of making the changes that are needed. I don't know. But if not, you make it for them.
We already have one party that represents the rich and the powerful. We don't need two.
But our mission right now is not just taking on Trump, which we have got to do
every day. The reason that Trump was elected is
that he kept saying, you know, the system is broken. And he's right. The
system is broken. But the problem is he is going to only make it worse.
[Applause] [Music] So let's look at a broken system and
let's talk about what we have got to do. Anybody here think that the American
health care system is vaguely effective? [Applause]
I want you all to know we spend as a nation almost twice as much per capita
on health health care as do the people of any other nation. You all know that
we are spending an insane $14,000
a year for every man, woman, and child. Add it all up. Medicare, Medicaid,
personal healthcare. $14,000 a year. Now, if you're going to spend $14,000,
we should have by far the best health care system in the world.
Well, you know what? Not only do we not have the best,
study after study shows that we have one of the worst of any major industrialized
country. So, are you ready for a radical statement?
All right. I don't want you collapsing here. The function of a rational health care
system is to provide quality care to every man, woman, and child, not huge
profits for the drug companies and the insurance companies.
[Applause] It is insane. It is literally
insane that we have some 60,000 Americans, and you may know some of
them, who die every single year because they cannot afford to get to a doctor on
time. It is beyond unspeakable that some 40% of older people who are
diagnosed with cancer end up going bankrupt or depleting their finances.
Health care is a human right, not a privilege.
[Applause] And we have got to join every other
major country on earth in guaranteeing healthcare to all Americans.
And I want you just to think and again guys this is not a radical idea.
I live 50 miles away from the Canadian border somehow or another, spending
about half as much as we do. They guarantee healthcare to all people. You end up in a hospital in Canada, you know
what the bill is when you leave? It's zero. And that is more or less the case in
most wealthy countries. So stand up proudly and make it clear
that when anybody comes before you and says vote for me, you say, "Yeah, tell
me that you're going to guarantee health care to all that. You have the guts to take on the insurance companies and the
drug companies.
[Applause] But it is not just health care system
which is broken. It's our educational system as well. We got any teachers
here? Thank you teachers.
These are our heroins and heroes who every day go to work under very
stressful conditions because they love the kids that they're working with. And
we thank you very much. [Applause]
But again, in the wealthiest nation on earth, we should have a child care
system which cherishes our little ones.
And by the way, when we talk about a broken system, while Elon Musk is worth
400 billion, we have the highest rate of childhood poverty of almost any major
country on earth. So when you hear all of these
politicians saying they love America, if you love America, you love the future of
America, which is our children.
[Applause]
And yet we have a child care system. I don't know how much it costs here in West Virginia, but in my state, people
are paying $20,000 to send one kid to child care. Well, if
you're making $50,000 a year, how do you afford $20,000?
And meanwhile the teachers are making you know 15 16 bucks an hour. So we need
to understand that in a vibrant democracy which is what I want us to be
in a competitive global economy which we are in we need the best educational
system in the world.
And that means that means that we appreciate our
educators. You know, in Vermont's there are
districts in rural areas where people are starting off at 35 $40,000 a year
teaching and housing is pretty expensive in Vermont. That's why we have
introduced legislation that says every teacher in America earns at least
$60,000 a year.
There was once a time when proudly the United States led the world in having
the best educated population. We had a higher percentage of our people getting
college degrees than any other country. That you should all know is no longer the case. What we have got to do is to
make it clear that we want our young people, all of our young people,
regardless of their income, to be able to get the best education that they can.
[Applause] And that means that means
that we've got to make public colleges and universities tuitionfree [Applause]
and that we have to make trade schools available to all people to get the training they need to do the work we
desperately need.
Oh, you got some here. But it's not just education. Once again,
point that I'm making is look, if we were a poor country, I'd come before you
and say, look, it really would be great if everybody had healthcare, if all of our kids could get a decent. We're a
poor country. We can't afford it. Brothers and sisters, we are not a poor
country. We're the richest country in the history of the world.
And when we talk about a broken system, talk about the major housing crisis that
we face in America. We got 800,000
Americans who are homeless. We got 20 million households spending
50% of their limited incomes on housing.
If we can spend a trillion dollars a year on a bloated military budget, we
can build the millions of units of lowincome and affordable housing we need.
[Applause] And at a time when wages
have been stagnant for decades, at a time when millions of Americans today
are working for starvation wages, I remember talking more than once to single moms trying to raise kids on 11,
12 bucks an hour. And you can't do that. We have got to raise the minimum wage to
a living wage at least 17 bucks an hour.
Brothers and sisters, I know that West Virginia has a history of being one of the great trade union states
in America. And we remember the incredible courage of your coal miners and others who stood
up against corporate greed.
Now, right now, because of what we're seeing in our
economy, millions of workers now want to join unions. And in fact, the trade
union movement has never been as popular as today as it has been in a very long
time. Because workers understand what is
obviously true that if you want decent wages, decent benefits, decent working
conditions, you got to join with your brothers and sisters, form a union, and negotiate a decent contract.
Now I know that, you know, and the bosses know that and that is why we are
seeing massive anti-UN union busting efforts all across this country.
[Music] And that's why we've got to pass what's called the PRO Act. And that means that
if an employer acts illegally in preventing workers from exercising their
constitutional right, there will be very heavy penalties against that employer.
Unbelievably, the United States is one of very few countries in the world that does not
guarantee paid family and medical leave.
Well, let's put that up on the agenda. When a mom gets when a kid gets sick, a
mom has a right to stay home with that kid without worried about being fired.
So brothers and sisters, I am not going to fool you.
You understand as I do that the oligarchs have enormous unlimited
amounts of wealth. They have enormous power. They control the media. They own
the media and they own many of the places that you work in.
But this is but this is what I believe from the
bottom of my heart. If we do not allow Trump and his friends to play the same
old demagogic trick of trying to divide us up.
Oh, you're undocumented. You're black. You're Muslim. You're Jewish. You're this. You're that. We got to all be
separate. Our job is to bring our people together around an agenda that works for
all of us.
[Applause]
So, West Virginia, West Virginia, this is a working class
state. Let's start electing people who represent the working class, not the
billionaires.
Thank you all very much.