A lot of our songs are queer. This one especially, it's called All American Man. It's really gay.
I was born a perfect model
on display in your museum.
Want to crack open my skull,
but you don't like what you see.
I wonder do you ever think of me?
You can call me whatever.
Just call me. I will love you forever.
I am just a replica.
All American men stared directly into the sun,
but it don't make me sad. Watch you in the sand.
I know you're crying and me.
You can call me whatever.
Just call me. I will
chase it on you. When it all comes together,
will you love me forever?
Sh.
I lost myself. I'm
tell you again.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Thank you so much. We've been rodeo boys. Thank you.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
wasting time.
How we feel in Kalamazoo? Who's ready to fight some oligarchy?
I said, "Who's ready to fight some oligarchy?"
Kicking off the speaking program this evening, she has been a registered nurse for more than 10 years. She's the vice
president of OPEIU Local 40 RNs, a proud negotiations team member, precinct
delegate, and lifelong Michigan advocate. Please put your hands together for Danielle Giuliard.
Wow, this is the biggest crowd I've ever spoke in front of. How's everybody doing?
My name is Danielle Giuliard. I'm a proud mom to two future activists. Vinnie, who's five, Gigi, who's three.
I'm here with my loving husband Dave, my sister all the way from Wisconsin, and co-workers and supporters from Rochester
and Mcome.
There is no better place to be than here with all of you supporting Abdul Al and
Senator Bernie Sanders.
I've served my community as a bedside nurse for 10 years. I now work in preop. I get people ready for surgery. Through
constant changes in healthcare, we have always put patients first.
When CO stopped the world, we persevered with unwavering humanity and stood firmly together in union solidarity.
Our union OPEIU Local 40 represents nurses and radiology techs at Henry Ford
Rochester Hospital. We represent nurses and medical service group members at McLaren Mcome Hospital. As vice
president of the registered nurses at Henry Ford, I am raising the alarm on corporations hiding behind notfor-profit
statuses to line their pockets at the expense of our patients.
Safe nurseto patient ratios are not optional. They are necessary and life-saving. Yet not for-profit
hospitals spend millions of dollars on lobbyists to fight safe staffing laws and millions more dollars to try to
break our unions.
You guys got the assignment. This summer, more than a thousand of our
members went on multiple strikes for safe staffing and against unfair labor practices by big hospitals. The energy
on our picket lines was powerful. It was palpable. We could not have been more proud of our labor warriors, including
Abdul Al picketing with us
and rising up for working people. Meanwhile, Donald Trump's direct attacks on workers and patients are clear,
weakening the National Labor Relations Board and pushing the so-called big bad
bill.
Trump's assault on the NLRB emboldens corporations to break the law without fear, leaving workers waiting years for
justice. And the big bad bill threatens our hospitals, our rural hospitals,
Medicaid coverage, and the health of Michiganders. All while CEOs like McLaren's Philip
Incarnate pocket $10.8 million salaries. We say patience over profits.
There is good news here though. In 2023, we repealed the so-called right to work law in Michigan.
Yes. Yes. Yes, we must pass the PRO Act reintroduced by
none other than Senator Bernie Sanders.
We must ban so-called right to work. We must impose real penalties on lawbreaking corporations when they're
convicted. And we must guarantee automatic recognition of unions with majority support.
The fight is happening now. On Tuesday, August 26, grassroot leaders are holding a town hall in Battle Creek for
Representative Bill Heisinga,
demanding accountability for his yes vote on Trump's big bad bill.
On Labor Day, Monday, September 1st, at 9:00 am, hundreds of union members, including myself, will march through
Detroit, ending at Roosevelt Park at Michigan Central Station with a rally for change.
Join us on the picket lines. Join us in the streets. Together,
we are strong and in solidarity, we will win. Safe staffing saves lives. Thank
you.
It is my honor to introduce the next speaker. He is the business manager of the West Michigan plumbers, fitters, and
service trades local 174, Ryan Bennett.
this stuff. You did great. Oh, that was awesome. Nice work. Let's give it up one more time for Danielle.
All right. Hey, what is up, West Michigan? Thank you, Danielle, for that awesome introduction. Like she said, my name is
Ryan Bennett. I'm a proud Journeyman, steam fitter, and welder, and I'm a damn proud union member of UA Local 174.
For a little over the last decade, I've had the honor to be in leadership of my
local union. And I'm proud to say that I represent 1,200 of the finest plumbers, pipe fitters, and HVAC service techs in
this country.
I grew up uh in a union middle class family just up the road in Moskegan. My dad was a leader in my very same local
union. And he went on to serve six years in the Michigan State Legislature. My mom was a union steward for the food
service workers at Orchard View Schools.
That's where my sisters and I attended. So represent workers is pretty much the closest thing we got to a family
business. And look, I'm really proud of the labor movement and it's regaining
popularity amongst younger workers. And that's great to see
because there is, in my opinion, there's no quicker path to the middle class than
a united workforce, a collectively bargained agreement.
But hey, look, man. I'm I got to tell you, I'm getting a little tired. I I'm
getting tired of workingclass voters voting for billionaires because they don't feel represented by the Democratic
party anymore.
And I I'm getting tired of old heads with all the money in this country using
any blip in the economy to raise prices and to stagnate wages.
I'm getting tired of the middle class continuing to shrink for that American dream becoming further
out of reach even though the American workforce has never been more productive than it is right now.
I'm getting tired of politicos and pundits telling me who won't get elected
because of how they look, who they love, and how they worship.
And I tell you, I am damn tired of candidates running for office saying once they get to Washington DC, they're
going to change things only to have Washington DC change them.
But hey, it it it doesn't have to be this way, right? But look, change isn't
easy. It takes hard work and we can't just continue to maintain the status quo. We have to dig in and we have to
fight. We need grassroots organizing. And God bless y'all for coming here on your Saturday. Give yourselves a round
of applause.
We need grassroots organizing, but we need elected officials in DC that are ready to lock arms and stand on that
front line and demand change. We need fighters.
So, I first met our next speaker when he ran for governor back in the day, and I tell you what,
I was immediately impressed. He's articulate, he's compassionate, and he's
unafraid. He and I served together on team Bernie back in 2019, and I know that he will be
the fighter that we need in DC. Look y'all,
if Bernie Sanders is out here at 83 years young, ready to get in this fight, we damn sure better be in this fight,
too. Are you ready to fight?
I'm ready to fight. Are you ready to fight?
Please join me in welcoming our next US Senator, Abdul El Say.
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.
Kalamazoo, you fired up. That's what I like to hear.
So, can we just give one more huge round of applause for our union leaders,
Danielle and Ryan?
So, I just want to know who I'm speaking to today. Let me just ask a couple questions. Who here believes in people
over profit? Let me hear you.
And who believes in a government of the people, by the people, and for the people, not of the corporations, by the
corporations and for the corporations?
And who here knows that what we fight we win.
I must be in Calamazoo then. Huh? That's right. I am Abdul Rahman is say
people know me as Abdul. And I know I know I've got a perfect name for US politics.
My name might be different, but so are my ideas and so is the vision because
I'm focused on people.
Let me say that again. My name might be different, but so is our vision because
we are focused on the people.
And that's why we're here with a certain Senator, Bernie Sanders.
He knows, he understands that we need more people willing to stand up to power without fear.
Different name, different kind of leader. Now look,
my dad Muhammad, he took a bet on a country, this country, back in 1978. He
took a bet on an America where it shouldn't matter what your name is or how you pray or if you pray at all or
where your folks come from or who you love or how you identify. He took a bet
on an America that is big enough for all of us.
And I was raised by my father Muhammad and my stepmom Jackie, a daughter of the American Revolution from about an hour
away from here in the very heart of Michigan, Graashi County. The thing they
shared in common, a love of science and engineering and using their skills to
help people. Growing up in that home, I knew from a pretty young age that I probably wasn't going to be anybody's
engineer. I wanted to be a doctor. And let me
explain why. See, on late summer days like this, I'd often find myself in a cottage on a lake in the heart of
Michigan. But that was after spending so much of my summer in Egypt. As a
teenager, I'd get shipped off to Alexander where my father was raised in a one-bedroom apartment just a stones
throw from a fish market where his father sold vegetables. His mother, my
son, was the wisest, most intelligent person I have ever met. But she never
got to go to school. She raised six kids in a onebedroom apartment
of eight to whom she gave birth. Two of them passed before their first
birthdays. They were an aunt and uncle I never got to meet. Siblings my father lost before he turned five. I'd spent
most of my time in Egypt with my and though she never got to go to school, hers was the school of life
where she learned about the moral lessons that even the most studied folks too often fail to learn. You can imagine
me walking into that apartment, my hat backwards with my American kids swagger, and she's sitting me down. Habibi
right here. You can imagine it. Points to one of my cousins. That one is smarter than you. Points to the next
one. I don't have to tell you is taller and better looking. Points to a third one, nicer, kinderhearted. Fourth one's
more athletic. Fifth one works harder than you do. By the end of it, I'm like a a puddle on the floor with a hat.
By the end of this, I'm like, "Ta, what do I have going for me?" She's like, "Habib, you have the best thing of all."
I was like, "What's that? You get to go back to America at the end of the summer."
She was teaching me about opportunity. You can imagine with that name, people
like to question my love for this country. But trust me, no one loves their country like a kid who saw what
his life might have been without it. So make no mistake, I love America. I know exactly what America gave me.
I got vaccinated against diseases that killed my aunt and uncle. Incredible public schools. I'm a Michigan kid,
football captain, lacrosse at U of M. I even got my med school paid for by a public agency at the NIH. But I love
America enough to call her to be better.
On those summer trips, it take me 15 hours to get to Egypt. And in those 15 hours, I would
travel about 10 years difference in life expectancy. But I didn't have to go 15 hours to travel that gap. I could go
just 15 minutes from where I grew up in Oakland County, and I could travel the same 10-year life expectancy gap. And
here's the thing. I could never explain why kids growing up just a short car ride from me whose families had been
here far longer than mine never got those same opportunities.
I became a doctor to help people. Doctors ask two questions. What's wrong? And how can I help? What's wrong? Big
corporations making money off illness. Our systems puts profits over people.
I learned pretty early in my med school career that the answers to what was wrong had a lot less to do with all that
physiology I spent all that time studying and a lot more to do with pathologies in our politics. Do you get
to breathe clean air? Do you get to drink clean water? Do you get to walk in your local community without being
victimized by a neighbor or the state itself? Can you afford the groceries that have the micronutrients that will
grow your brain or just the ones that have the macronutrients that grow a
belly? Can you even see a doctor in the first place without having to worry about falling into medical debt?
And as I kept
as I kept reflecting on these facts, I realized that my work had to be back outside a clinic in a hospital. So I
followed it back out. I've worked to heal our broken system. When politicians broke Detroit's health department, I
rebuilt it. They shut down They had shut down a 185year-old health
department in a city with a higher infant mortality rate than my father's native Egypt. A city where our children
face three-fold the probability of asthma hospitalizations and four-fold the probability of lead exposure. Shut
it down. I was hired to rebuild it and rebuild it around the well-being of kids. We realized that 30% of our kids
who tested positive for vision deficits would come back testing positive again next year. Meaning we knew they needed
glasses and we didn't get them a pair of glasses. So we put optometrists on vans
at schools so that when kids got tested they got their full exam and we could ship them a free pair of glasses within
two weeks.
That program, that program that we brought to the city of Detroit for the first time has since
delivered 50,000 pairs of glasses across the state.
And I'm I'm never going to forget the first moment I heard about what was happening
in Flint. And the immediate thing I kept thinking was that our schools and the
state of our schools might mean that our kids could be exposed to the same lead we were hearing about in Flint in the
place where we systematically concentrate them most of the day, most of the year. And so we had every school,
daycare, and Head Start tested for lead in the water. The first 68 schools we tested, 19 of them tested positive for
lead. So we got them on the path to being lead free. And I got to work with folks like
Dr. Mona who broke the Flint water crisis to help rewrite lead policy for our state.
When a Marathon Petro refinery, the biggest poller and the most polluted zip code in the entire state, wanted to
raise their emissions despite the fact that the EPA had said that there was already too much sulfur dioxide in the
air. We organized. We stood up and collectively with the local community, we forced them to invest $10 million of
their own money to reduce their emissions when they had initially applied to increase them.
When kids needed glasses, we got them glasses, took on lead, made government work for people. I went on to run Wayne
Countyy's health department. We innovated. We got to work. No family should have to go bankrupt over medical
debt.
In fact, medical debt shouldn't exist.
So we erased it up to 700 million for 300,000 people. When people were dying,
we got Narcan onto our streets to save lives. We put free Narcan in a 100 places.
We took on big insurance and help people. We did it because it was right.
That's because I was taught that way. That's what I do. It's what I've done
everywhere I've gone. I'm a doctor. I know how to diagnose a problem and I know how to cure it. When I see
something hurting Michiganders, hurting us, I'm going to work to fix it.
Now, look, I know I'm running for US Senate, but I've been to the US Senate before, and the last time I went to the Senate, it was to testify about the work
that we were doing in Wayne County under the summons of one, Senator Bernie Sanders.
Now, look, I loved that job in Wayne County. I really did. And when I think about the
kind of work that my TA would have been proud of, I think about that kind of
work. But I'm never going to forget that day back in January. It was what, eight
months ago? Feels like 8 years ago now. I'm sitting in my office. I get a notification that the Trump
administration has just frozen all federal funds. So I'm looking at line
items in my budget that are frozen. The Wick program, food on the table for moms and babies, frozen.
Federally qualified health centers, the last line of healthcare defense for people who don't otherwise have it.
Frozen vaccines frozen.
And just then I get a push notification to my phone that after a long and storied career, our US Senator Gary
Peters is calling it a day he's not running for re-election. And at that point, I had to ask myself, where is the
fight now? Where does this fight go? And I realized
that this fight had to go to the US Senate.
Kalamazoo, I'mma tell you what you all already know that in the history of our country,
there has never been a president who is more dangerous than this one. He cheats. He steals. He's openly using his office
to enrich his own family. Worse is how he lies to people, exploiting
their pain for political win. Take for example that big ugly bill.
He's gutting Medicaid, a move that'll destroy hospitals in local, rural, and
urban communities alike, robbing millions of their healthcare. Why? To pass a tax cut for billionaires. And
he's forcing our children and our children's children to pay for it in the form of $3.5 trillion expansion of the
federal debt.
And there's the way he's letting RFK Jr. run a muck on the federal public health agencies.
Yo, in case it's not obvious, you probably shouldn't put a guy who goes swimming in
Shitz Creek over the nation's health.
You know what they never tell you is how he got that brainworm.
Here's the thing that gets me most about RFK Jr. I actually agree on a lot of the problems. I really do. Pharma is a
problem. I agree. Our food system is dominated by big corporations selling us chemicals as food. I agree. Healthcare
should be more affordable. I agree. But the thing about RFK Jr. is that he lies about the solutions. Vaccines are good
actually.
And even though he gets some of the problems right, he's too much a coward to actually take on the corporations who
created them. Don't bring me a handshake deal with pharma to bring drug prices down as some kind of victory while you
abolish billions in critical research that could have helped us discover cures to different cancers.
Don't don't just don't just ban red dye when
you know the biggest issue with our food is the lobbying of huge mega corporations.
And don't tell me you're going to bring down the price of our healthcare when you haven't said the three most obvious
words, Medicare for all.
Nope. And then there's Liberation Day. I think
we're like on the third version of this by now. Look, I want to be clear with you all.
NAFTA was a cancer on the American economy. And I happen to think that tariffs can
be helpful. Kind of like chemotherapy for cancer, but not like this. All
right. Any doctor will tell you that you've got to be pretty careful with chemo. too much at the wrong times and
you'll kill the patient that you say you're trying to save. But like all things Donald Trump, his tariffs are
chaotic, hamfisted, and self- serving.
Trump is not serious about protecting American manufacturing. He's serious about using us.
Trump only cares about CEOs who will bend the knee for sweetheart deals while
the rest of us suffer through the inflation he's making worse.
So, look, we've got to stand up to Donald Trump. And
and I'll tell you this,
as a kid named Abdul, you can imagine I've met my fair share of bullies. And you can go ask them how that went.
I got receipts, y'all. So, too many Democrats tell you they're
fighting only to show up with a strongly worded letter.
We need Democrats who have the courage to stand up to the power brokers in our own party, let alone Trump and his
goons.
We don't back down. We don't back down.
We don't back down. With all due respect, if they go low, we don't go high. We take them to the mud and choke them out.
But look, we've got to be fearless. Taking on the corporations and
billionaires and oligarchs without standing down, without giving an inch.
It's about doing what's right every time because we work for the people.
I've been at this now for about 10 years, not taking on big corporations, big insurance, big pharma, big everything. And I've even taken on our
own party when they're wrong.
Now, the billionaires will lie to us and they'll lie about us. Let me say that
again. The billionaires will lie about us to try and stop us. But it won't work. They attack anyone who wants to
take on the powerful. They attack anyone who wants to fight for the people. They attack anyone who wants to change
anything. Just ask Bernie. But we can stand up to their attacks
together and take on the oligarchy.
But Kalamazoo, Kalamazoo, I want to remind you of something.
It's not just about what you fight against. It's about what you fight for.
I'm getting to see all your incredible faces and I've seen some familiar ones. And y'all might remember I ran for
governor back in 2018. I'm grateful to all of you who supported us then. And I said something at the
time though that folks weren't quite ready to hear, which is this. Trump himself is not the disease of our
politics. Donald Trump is just the worst symptom of the disease of our politics.
So what's the disease? The disease is the rigged system that allows corporations and billionaires to
buy politicians to do their bidding. They collude to suppress our paycheck for the work we have to do for them and
raise prices for the things we have to buy from them. It's the utilities who buy off politicians to avoid regulation
while they maintain a monopoly. It's the health insurance companies who keep jacking up our premiums just to
make us wait in longer lines for shorter appointments and then pay yet again for the healthcare we thought we already
paid for.
So this is a campaign to do three simple things and I'm going to give you a bonus fourth. Number one, I'm the only
candidate in this race who has never touched a corporate pack.
Never have, never will. Our values shouldn't be for sale. So, I can tell you with a straight face that we've got
to get money out of politics.
That means that means we have to stand up to the Citizens United regime. We have to make it illegal for corporations
to spend their money to buy politicians and dare the Supreme Court to make another bad decision that sinks us
further into the political abyss.
Number two, we've got to make life easier for people, make it more affordable. We need to take on the
corporations that take too much of our paychecks. We've got to put money back in our pockets. Yeah.
So, how do you do that? That means That's right. Say it again.
She said it, y'all. We've got to rebuild the Federal Trade Commission under folks like Lena Khan to
bust the trusts again.
We got to make it easier to join or form a union like our union siblings you just heard heard from across any sector of
our economy. And we've got to make it easier
to make America the best single place to build and scale a small business in the world.
And finally, number three, in the richest, most
powerful country in the world, medical debt should not exist. Healthcare must be guaranteed. So, we have to get on to
the work of abolishing medical debt and finally passing Medicare for all.
Pretty
simple. It's pretty simple. Money out of
politics, money in your pocket, and Medicare for all. So, I'm going to try something here. All right. When I say
one, you say money out of politics. All right? And when I say two, you say money
in your pocket. And when I say three, you say Medicare for all. Y'all ready
with me? One. Two.
Three. I love it.
Now look.
Now look, I got to be I got to be honest with you all and you know you know I had to talk
about it because we live in an era where our kids' schools are crumbling and our
literacy rates are tumbling. So maybe we should be using our taxpayer dollars, I
don't know, to build schools for our kids rather than sending blank checks to foreign militaries to drop bombs on
other kids in their schools.
So, let me be clear.
We need an end to the genocide in Gaza.
We need a ceasefire and we need a lasting peace. Now look, I know I get it.
His name's Abdul, though. I know I'm not supposed to win this
election. But I know that's what they've been telling you, right?
It's a whisper campaign.
But here's the thing. This election, it's not actually about me or my name.
All right? It's not even about just one Senate seat. This election is about
whether or not we together are willing to take that same bet took almost 50
years ago. A bet on this country, a bet on each other. Are we willing to reach
across the divides they tell us that we can't cross? Are we willing to reach across geography and race and ethnicity
and faith and gender and identity to build the kind of America we all need and deserve?
Are we willing to take on the powerful to take back our government? Are we willing to take on the powerful to take
back our government from the corporations and oligarchs and billionaires?
Are we willing to bet on a government of the people, by the people, and for the people?
This movement is about us. This movement is about the people. This is about big
ideals and bigger ideas. This is about taking on the powerful without fear. and doing what's right. So when they tell me
Abdul, you can't win, I say, you know what? It ain't about me. See, I'm no stranger to public service in Michigan.
I've been at this for 10 years now. And in the last four months alone, I've been across 45 different cities, done over a
100 roundts and town halls and meet and greets. I've been in your union halls, your coffee shops, your living rooms,
and your ice cream parlor. I particularly enjoy the ice cream parlor.
And no matter where I go, folks tell me the same thing. It just shouldn't be this hard. It shouldn't be this hard to
afford that second gallon of milk or that second carton of eggs. It shouldn't be this hard to work the same job
tomorrow that I worked yesterday and know it's going to be there for me tomorrow. It shouldn't be this hard to ever dream of owning a home if you're
under 40 or keep my home if I'm over 65. It should not be this hard to see a
doctor or know or no, you're not going to fall into
medical debt if you do. It just shouldn't be this hard. So when I tell
you I when they tell you So when they tell you I can't win, don't look at me.
Look at each other.
Look at each other. Look at all of us. people from all over the state who've spent far too long being locked out of
our own politics. They've locked us out by keeping us apart, by telling us that we can't reach
across our divides, that we cannot see eye to eye with people who may look or pray or think differently than we do.
But all of us who've got to go to work again on Monday know that when that alarm strikes, it's calling us to the
same toil. And it shouldn't be this hard to afford the basic means of a dignified
life when we come home in Kalamazoo. We can have nice things.
All right? But only only together. So here now, I'm calling on all of us to
reach together for those things. To hold each other in the work and in the toil, to believe in the kind of America we can
build together, to believe in each other. If we do that, not only will we win this race, Kalamazoo, but we'll win
the future we deserve. I'm Abdul Say and I'm running for US Senate because it shouldn't be this hard and together it
doesn't have to be.
Appreciate you all. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.
Thank you. Y'all are too kind. and Kalamazoo, you're too kind.
Thank you. Now, now look, before I bring the OG on
himself, I I want to try something with you all. Okay? You know how in politics, candidates always have to say, "I'm the
candidate, and I approve this message." We're going to play around with that. All right? You all want to help me?
All right. When I say one, what are you going to say?
When I say two, what are you going to say? And when I say three, what do you want to say?
All right, you ready? One.
I'm Abdul Sayyad and I approve this message. Ready? Two.
I'm Abdul Sayyad and I approve this message. Three,
I'm Abdul Al and I wrote the book and approve this message.
We're going to do one more. I'm not going to say numbers. I'm just going to use my hands. Y'all ready?
I'm Abdul Alad and I approve this message.
All right, all I want to tell you I got the opportunity
to meet the gentleman you're about to hear from back in 2018.
He'd been somebody I looked up to for such a long time because of his clarity and consistency and honesty. And I
remember just before we did a rally very similar to this one, I asked him what his advice for me was.
He said, "Abdul,
you don't strike me as a very good liar." I was like, "I'm not." He's like, "Good, good. In this
business, you're either very good at lying or withholding the truth or very
good at telling it." And this is a man who's been telling the truth now for longer than I've been
alive. He's been telling the truth from a Senate seat. He's been telling the truth from his mayorship in Burlington,
Vermont. He's been telling the truth since he was a student activist on campus. He's been telling the truth. And
I so wish that more people would have listened to that truth.
Bernie would have won y'all.
But I couldn't ask for a better mentor, a better friend, and a better leader in
politics. And honestly, I cannot wait to serve alongside a living legend.
So, my friends, Kalamazoo, let's bring up the OG himself, Senator Bernie Sanders.
Heat.
Heat.
Thank you.
Thank you. Calibazoo.
See the reason the the No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Now I am in the Senate. No, should be Abdul. We need him in the Senate. Now
see the truth is the truth is I am I love you too.
Truth is I'm here for a very selfish reason. All right. I get lonely in the US Senate.
I need some friends. You're going to help me out.
I need some voices in the Senate who are going to stand up for workingclass
people, for economic justice, for racial justice, for social justice. We need
Abdul Aled in the Senate.
What I want to do this evening, in addition to urging you to elect Abdul,
is to beg of you in this unprecedented and difficult moment in American history
to go outside of your comfort zone and to think outside of the box.
If there was ever a time in the modern history of this country when the
American people had to stand up and take on and I'll give you some good news
there. I've been all over this country and what I can tell you in rural areas and in urban areas, the American people
will not tolerate oligarchy, will not tolerate authoritarianism,
will not tolerate kleptocracy, and will not tolerate the continued war
against the working class of this country.
So, what I want to do this evening is just talk a little bit about what you're
not going to see on your corporatelyowned TV networks or in your corporatelyowned
United States Congress. So, let's talk about reality.
Let's talk about what's going on in the lives of working people in Michigan, in
Vermont, and all over this country. And here is the truth. Not a pleasant truth,
but it's a truth that the establishment does not want to be discussed, which is
precisely why we have got to discuss it. In America today,
we have more income and wealth inequality than we have ever had in the
history of the United States of America.
And it is an obscene level of inequality.
And what I'm going to tell you, one of the things that the establishment does and what media does and what the culture
that the oligarchs create does is they tell us what we should be outraged at
and what we should accept or think it's not a big deal. Right? Well, I happen to
think that it is a very big deal. That it is a moral and economic outrage that
one person in this country, Mr. Musk owns more wealth than the bottom 52% of
American households.
That is an obscenity. That is not what this country is supposed to be about.
But it's not just Mr. Musk. You got the top 1% owning more wealth than the
bottom 93%.
You got CEOs of large corporations making over 350 times what their workers
are making. So in other words, point number one,
today the 1% the people on top have never ever had it so good. That's
reality number one. Number two, it's not just that we're looking at massive
income and wealth inequality. These guys have enormous economic power. Power.
What does that mean? It means that in sector after sector of our economy,
whether it is agriculture, whether it's financial services, whether it's transportation, you name it, a handful
of giant corporations control that sector and determine the prices that you
pay. And if you think one of the amazing things, you can go Google it, is that
many of these large corporations that you're familiar with, whether it's Apple or General Motors or whatever it may be,
they are themselves owned by entities larger than them. So you got a handful
of gigantic Wall Street firms like Vanguard, Black Rockck, State Street
that are the major stockholders in over 95% of American corporations.
A handful of major Wall Street firms have enormous power over the economy.
But it's not just it's wait a minute. It's not just income and wealth
inequality. It's not just concentration of ownership that they have. They also
own what you see, hear, and read. You got six major
international media conglomerates that control what 90% of the people see
here and read. And it's not just the traditional media, the ABC, CBS, etc. It
is the internet as well. Look who owns look who owns Twitter X or used to be
Twitter. That's Mr. Musk. Who owns Meta? That's Mr. Zuckerberg. who owns the
Washington Post. That is Mr. Bezos.
And Mr. Ellison, one of the wealthiest people in the world right now, recently took over Paramont, which owns CBS.
So these guys have enormous media power and every day you are seeing their
perspective. They are discussing the issues they think are important, not discussing the issues that may be
important to your life. But it's not just income and wealth inequality,
concentration of ownership, and the fact that they own the medium. They also own
a corrupt campaign finance system.
And I know Abdul was just talking about it, but there is no political issue of
greater importance than the need to overturn this disastrous Citizens United
Supreme Court decision.
So, let me give you just a couple of examples of how Citizens United and Big
Money is undermining American democracy. Elon Musk spent $270
million to help elect Donald Trump to become president.
And his reward was that for a period of time he was allowed to be the most
important person in the United States government. and he was allowed to implement his
right-wing extremist ideology, which meant firing tens of thousands of
federal employees, including scientists who are doing important work trying to
understand disease, proposing to fire over 80,000 employees
at the Veterans Administration.
A real way to say thank you to the men and women who put their lives on the line to defend us. Firing thousands of
workers at the Social Security Administration
breaking the federal unions. All right.
So if any of you want to become an important person in government, all you have to do is find a candidate, raise
$270 million, and you're in business. But between you and me, I don't think
that that is what democracy is supposed to be about.
And I'll give you another another example. As part of his love of the oligarchy,
Donald Trump and his Republican friends gave us the so-called big beautiful
bill. In my view, that bill is the most
dangerous piece of legislation passed in the modern history of the United States.
It is a vulgar piece of legislation and anyone who voted for that bill
should not be returned to office.
At a time of massive income and wealth inequality, that bill gave a trillion dollar in tax
breaks to the 1%, $900 billion in tax breaks for large,
profitable corporations. Now, that is vulgar. But what is even
more vulgar is that in order to pay for those huge tax breaks, they cut Medicaid
by a trillion dollars and cut the Affordable Care Act. The result being
that some 15 million Americans are going to lose the health care that they have.
thousands right here in Michigan. So you got one reality, people on top,
enormously powerful, doing extraordinarily well, controlling the
political system, getting huge tax breaks. And then there is another
reality and that reality is that in the wealthiest nation in the history of the
world today 60% of Americans are living paycheck to
paycheck. I grew up in a family that lived
paycheck to paycheck. Many of you are in families living paycheck to paycheck.
And what living paycheck to paycheck is about is every day undergoing the stress
of wondering how you're going to feed your kids, pay the rent, go to the
doctor if somebody gets sick, and wondering maybe maybe
when you get old, will you be able to have a few bucks in the bank so you can enjoy some kind of security in your old
age? And every single day, tens of millions of families are struggling with
that stress and with that reality. And you know what that stress does to
people? It kills them. Now, what you don't hear much about
is that in America today, despite the fact that we are the wealthiest country on earth, our life expectancy, how long
we live, is four years on average shorter than in other wealthy countries
around the world. That is a shame. But I'll tell you what is even more
shameful. And you don't know this because you never hear about it. If you are working class in this country, you
will live 7 years shorter lives than the wealthy.
In other words, the stress that the working class and lower income Americans are dealing with now, it's not just that
they don't have a fancy house or a fancy car or they go out to big restaurants.
Who cares? What is going on is that stress is actually killing people all
across this country who are struggling to survive. And in the richest country on earth, that should not be happening.
So, our job, it seems to me, is to do what the American people want us to do,
and that is to take on Trump every step of the way.
But we have got to do more than that. What we need to have which we don't have
and certainly Republicans don't have it as they move lock step into
authoritarianism and the Democrats don't have it because they are also controlled by big money.
What we need is a vision for America that works for working people, not just
the 1%.
The point that I want to make and I make this over and over again, I hope I drum
it into people's brains, is in this country, the richest country
on earth, there is nothing that we cannot accomplish. Now, if we were
sitting in a poor country, if you're in Haiti, in a poor country, and I would tell you all the things that I think
should happen, people say, "Bernie, we can't do it. We're a poor country." We are not a poor country.
And it's time we started thinking big, not small.
So when politicians come before you and they tell you all the things that we can't do, you tell them that in fact we
can. And in fact, many of the things I'm going to be talking about are being done all over the world. How many of you know
that there is only one major country on earth that doesn't guarantee healthcare to all people as a human right? You're
living in it. Now think about it. In this country, we have so many brilliant
people, so much wealth. How in God's name do we spend more than twice as much
per capita on healthcare as the people in other countries? And yet 85 million
are uninsured or underinsured. And by the way, one of the reasons
you've got to elect Abdul, he wrote a book on that subject.
Healthc care is a human right, not a privilege.
And don't let anybody tell you that we cannot do it. If other countries
can do it, we can do And in this case, sometimes things cost money. In this case, providing health care to all will
not cost any more money than we're already spending because we're spending an enormous amount of money. All right.
The issue here is deciding whether we have a health care system that
guarantees health care to all people or whether we continue a system whose
function is to make huge profits for the drug companies and the insurance companies. That's the choice we have to
make.
And let me give you another area. Well, I I I would suggest to think
big, but it's really not big. Everybody in this room knows and we're here in a major university, great university, that
we live in a competitive global economy, right? The future is not ours unless we
have the best educated workforce in the world.
Democracy does not thrive unless you have a well-educated public and critical
thinking.
all over the world, major countries understand that when they look to their future, they're looking to their kids,
their young people. And I get a little bit tired of seeing politicians standing
in front of the flag telling their constituents how much they love America.
Well, if you love America, you love the children in America.
And that means you do not have or allow to continue in this country having the
highest rate of childhood poverty of almost any major country on earth.
Every child psychologist in the world will tell you that zero through four are
the most important years of human development intellectually and emotionally.
So if that is a reality, why do we have a broken and dysfunctional and
unaffordable child care system?
Why are child care workers in some cases paid lower than McDonald's workers?
Why do we have an education system where in my state in rural areas and this is
true all over the country starting teachers often with student debt start
off at salaries of 40 $42,000 a year.
Why is it? Why is it? This is really quite amazing.
60 or 70 years ago in America, believe it or not, major colleges and
universities were tuitionfree. Do you all know that?
University of California, City University of New York,
tuitionfree. How in hell's name have we reverted over
60 or 70 years to a situation where kids are graduating college 40, 50, $60,000
in debt?
We desperately need doctors and nurses and dentists. Do you know what doctors
are graduating medical school at? Anyone know? $500,000
in debt. And that is why among other things I
brought forth legislation that would make medical school and nursing school
and dental school tuition free.
But in addition to that, as some of you may know, the oligarchs want it all. And
among other things, they want to destroy public education in a move in America and privatize it.
Our job is to strengthen public education. And one of the ways you do that is by paying our teachers a living
wage at least $60,000 a year.
I want I want the best and the brightest. I
want motivated young people to say, "You know what? I dream and would love to
become a teacher because I believe in the importance of
educating our children. I want education to be prioritized in this country to be
appreciated in this country.
Trump and his friends want to destroy higher education. I want to make public colleges and universities tuitionfree.
So if you look at the system right now in terms of how it is working for
working families, health care system clearly broken, educational system,
child care dysfunctional, kids going in debt to get a higher education, public schools struggling with inadequate
resources. Then take a look at another basic necessity of life. See you got
healthcare is a basic necessity. Education I think is a basic necessity. Housing is a basic necessity.
So you got a health care system is broken, an education system is broken and you got a housing system which is
totally broken. in America today. Again, you know, one of the things we get used to these things, but there are some
800,000 Americans now who are homeless, including a number of people who are
actually working. They're going to their jobs and they're sleeping in their cars or God knows where in a shelter. All
right. On top of that, you got some 20 million
households who are spending at least 50% of their limited incomes on housing. Got
it? So, if you're spending 50% of your income on housing, what the hell do you
have left over? Right? Nothing. All right. So maybe, just maybe, instead of providing the military
with a trillion dollars a year, maybe we build 5 million units of lowincome and
affordable housing.
And when we talk about workers in America, let's understand that we have hundreds, no, we have millions of
workers who are working for starvation wages. And one of the great embarrassments in Washington right now
is that we have not raised that minimum wage for a very long time. It stands, if
you can believe it, at 7 and a quarter an hour. Time now is to say that if you work 40
hours a week in America, you're not living in poverty. Raise that federal minimum wage to at least 17 bucks an
hour.
Millions of Americans want to join unions today.
And I know Michigan is one of the great union states in great union history right here.
But right now, right now, many workers who would like to join unions cannot do
that because of the illegal behavior of their corporate bosses.
That's why we've got to pass the PRO Act to punish companies that act illegally
when workers are trying to work form unions.
There are a tiny handful of countries in the world that do not guaranteed paid
family and medical leave. We are one of them. Every worker in this country
should not have to make the choice of staying home with a sick kid or not
going to work and getting fired. All right.
One of the things that I learned as the chairman, former chairman of the Health, Education, and Labor Committee is that
in America today, it's not just that we treat our children shamefully, we treat our seniors shamefully as well.
You know, and as a society where seniors are the people who built
the economy, defended us in war, they are our parents. They're our grandparents. You don't just shuffle
them off to some nursing home. What we have got to do is create a system which
treats the elderly in their retirement years with the respect and the dignity they have earned.
So, what does that mean? What does it mean? It means right now 22% of seniors
are trying to survive, I don't know how they do it, on $15,000 a year. Got it?
You got half of seniors trying to get by on $30,000 a year or less. And then you
got some Republicans out there who are saying, "Well, you know, we should cut Social Security."
Well, I've got a very different idea. No, we're not going to cut Social Security. We're going to expand Social
Security.
And we're going to do that by lifting the cap on taxable income.
Right now, you make 10 million a year, you make 186,000, you pay the same amount into Social Security. Lift that
cap, we can significantly increase benefits and expand the solveny, extend the solveny of Social Security for
decades.
So I say all of these things and there's much more clearly. Climate remains a
huge issue. You got a president of the United States who insanely thinks that climate change is a hoax. You and I know
that it is an existential threat to our planet. And you and I know
that we can create millions of goodaying jobs transforming our energy system away
from fossil fuel, working with countries all over the world.
Now, I say all of these things and there's a lot more I haven't gone over, but the main point that I want to make
to you, two main points. Number one, everything that I have told you is not
radical. Now, people out there, our critics, the Republicans, some Democrats will, well,
you know, this is really radical stuff. It's not part of mainstream.
It's communism, whatever it may be. But what I want you to know is a much of
what I'm talking about already exists in other countries around the world.
And number two, that in the wealthiest country in the history of the world,
this is all achievable. We can do these things.
But it is not just domestic issues that we've got to focus on. We have to take a
very hard look at what we are doing in terms of foreign policy. I am proud to
tell you that I have led the effort in the United States Senate to end all
military aid to the Netanyahu government in Israel.
And this is one clear example where Washington,
excuse me, is way out of touch with where the American people are. This is clearly a moral issue. I mean, this
would be a horror under any circumstances. Over 60,000 dead, 140,000
wounded, mostly elderly, women, children, 18,000 kids are killed, and
now starvation of children. It's criminal. It is criminal. Of course, it's criminal. The issue here is not only
that it is bad, we are paying for the starvation of children in Gaza.
And I will tell you this is not what the Democrats want, not what at the base.
Now I've gone all over the country and the response I get is exactly what I am hearing from you. The American people do
not want their taxpayer dollars going to starve or bomb children of schools.
And as a result of grassroots activism, we are beginning we are beginning to
turn the tide. Few years ago, people proudly said, "Oh, I support Apac. Apac is funding me."
People are not saying that anymore. You know why? Because Apac is to a large degree precisely behind the refusal of
the Congress to act morally and responsibly. You take a hard look at any candidate
who's taken Apac money and you ask them whether or not they're going to stand with the children in Gaza or with big
money interest here in the United States.
Artificial intelligence and robotics are going to transform our economy and
the world. The oligarchs are currently spending hundreds of billions of dollars in AI
and robotics. Now, let me ask you a question. I want an honest answer. Don't tell me what you think. I want to hear.
How many people think as presently constituted AI and robotics will improve life for
ordinary people? How many people think that will hurt
ordinary people? It's interesting. That is the response
that's the response I've been getting uh in a lot of places.
Here's what we should know. in 50 years ago or so, you know, with
the development of all kinds of new technology, including cell phones, including computers, uh, including flat
screen TVs and all of this stuff. You would think, an interesting point. You
would think that the American people say, "Wow, life is getting better." All right, I'm going to ask you another
question. Pew Research, they're quite a reputable research company. They did a poll a few years ago and this is the
question they asked the American people. I'm going to ask it you and again don't tell me what I want to hear. The
question was, do you believe that somebody in your position, somebody whose life is like yours, middle class,
lower, upper class, whatever it may be, do you think life was better 50 years
ago for that person or life is better today? Well, what do you guys think? Was
life better 50 years ago or life better? Raise your hand if you think life was better is better today.
Okay. Raise your hand if you think life was better 50 years ago.
Okay. Well, that's right. That's a good point. That is a very good point. So,
what we have here's the point. Clearly, from our perspective, there have been
positive changes. 50 years ago, you didn't have women governors. You didn't have women representation in Congress.
You didn't have women doing all kinds of jobs. We still had racism rampant in the
United States. Gay rights was at a very low level. So in those areas, life is in
fact better. If you're black today, you can go out and get a job that you couldn't have gotten 50 years ago. If you're a woman, you can get a job you
could not have gotten. Life is better. But on the other hand, there is a reason
why 60% of the people in that poll said, "No, I think life might have been better
50 years ago." And that has to do with sense of community. The sense that we
are losing something. The sense that
what we need out of human life is just human beings. The companionship, the love, the community that we need to
thrive, that our kids need to thrive. We are losing that. And I worry very much.
You know there's an expression you are all familiar with is that is the operation was a success but the patient
died right you all familiar with that and that's what I fear the system today
is a great success we had all kinds of technology can do all kinds of great things unfortunately it ain't working
for ordinary people so our job is to say to the oligarchs as
we take them on and defeat them that you cannot determine our future for us.
And right now in AI, as some of you know, to produce AI requires an enormous, unbelievable amount of water
and electricity and energy. So people's electric bills are going to go up to pay for AI and they go out and
get a job and it's not going to be there. Doesn't make a whole lot of sense to me. So we're looking at environmental
issues in terms of AI. You're looking at the loss of jobs and I worry very very
much about kids in schools and critical thinking and whether or not kids will be
learning how to use their minds.
All right. All right. Let me just conclude for the third time. This is my
final and absolute conclusion. These are tough times for the country.
At the very least, we need to elect strong members to Congress who have the guts to
stand up for working people, stand up for decency, and are prepared to take on
the oligarchy. Abdul El Say is one of those people. Please send them to Washington. Thank you very much.
Back to the people.
the people. Power to the people.