Thank you, Rachel. It's great to be back with you. Thank you.

Well, I wish the best for -- for the first lady, for her son, and for the president. You know, I know too many people -- I think we all do -- who have contracted the virus, horrible stories of people who have lost family members, and I -- and I don't wish it on anybody. The suffering that people are experiencing is really quite significant. But I will say that, you know, it's what I've been saying, Rachel -- the president and this administration have been the greatest failure of any presidential administration in the history of our country. You know, you just go back to what they knew and when they knew it, and let's start with January 28th when the president, the vice president were informed that this thing was deadly, that it could hurt children, that it was five times more deadly than the flu, that it was airborne, and they covered up that information. They didn't share it with the American people. And, you know, when I look at the over -- I think it's 7.5 million people that have contracted the virus with, as we now know, serious -- potentially serious lifelong consequences in terms of lung scarring and things of that nature, when we look at the over 215,000 people that have died in just the last several months, and they have families and friends, and they had life to live. And you put that in the context of the president's failure to tell the American people what was going on so they could protect themselves and their families, much less so that we could have a president and leadership in our country who had a plan to deal with it. And now, look where we are. It has been a -- a failure of a magnitude that is causing millions and millions of people to suffer because of the public health consequences and because of the economic consequences. And frankly, that is why we need a new president in the White House who will embrace science, who will be guided by fact and truth and speak truth to the American people and have a plan, because this administration still has no plan, Rachel. They still have no plan. You contrast that with Joe Biden, who is saying we're going to have a national plan for testing and for treatment and for vaccines, which will be free. Contact tracing. This is -- this was avoidable to the extent that the American people have now suffered. They didn't need to suffer like people have been suffering if there had been leadership guided by science and guided by truth.

I mean, let me start by saying that I pray. I -- and that we will have a vaccine as soon as possible, and that it will be safe and that we can distribute it to everyone who needs it as quickly as possible. But you're right, Rachel. I mean, when we look at the trajectory based on just where we've been in the last weeks, much less months, we know more people are going to die. We know many more people are going to contract this virus. And it doesn't help when there's a president of the United States who is also the commander-in-chief who still is playing around with people, playing around with facts, with bravado, taking a stage and suggesting that he is now immune and saying to people who have contracted the virus or those who may that -- you know, yet again, he's going back to a theme he's been pushing from the beginning, which is to suggest people shouldn't take this thing seriously. And thank God that we have an election coming up right now because can you imagine if we had to deal with two more years of him? And so we have an election, and the American people have a clear contrast. On the one hand, there is Joe Biden, who since March has been saying that the plan that he has had in mind should be implemented. Joe Biden, who has been modeling the right behavior in terms of wearing a mask. Meanwhile, Donald Trump took the debate stage and made fun of him and then later, of course, we know what happened. So I think about where we are now, and I think at the very least, the American people have a - have light at the end of the tunnel, and there is a plan that they are aware of that can be implemented. And the way that it will be implemented is if over the next 20 days, people vote, they vote early. I invite people to go to JoeBiden.com. Go to iwillvote.com and make sure that you know where your polling place is and if you can vote early. It is within our power to change the trajectory of this. And I am fully confident that people will do that.

To trust those career people who are the public health experts, who are the scientists, who -- you know, there are so many people in the CDC and NIH who have dedicated their lives to working on, you know, research and developing those things that will alleviate pain and improve the human condition. And, you know, personal story, my mother, who I talk about often, she was a scientist, Rachel. I -- you know, she -- I grew up going to the lab with her after school and on weekends. And my mother was actually an adviser at NIH. I remember, you know, this kid growing up in California, I would hear about this place called Bethesda. I always knew mommy was going to Bethesda. And I -- so this is perhaps personal for me, in addition to being professional, which is we must trust the scientists. These are people who have dedicated their lives to this work. They could care less about who voted for who in the last election. They just want to focus on what is necessary to save lives and to help people and be relieved of pain. And so, the first step is to trust them and to let them know we trust them and to leave them to do their work. Leave them to guide our decisions and our policies when it comes to things like a pandemic. And Joe and I feel strongly about it. Remember, Joe, even after the presidency when he was vice president with President Barack Obama, started this whole effort he referred to as the Moonshot, right? He -- Joe cares deeply about science. I've sat in briefings with Joe with worldwide experts on these issues. And he is knowledgeable. He is fascinated. He is interested. He is engaged in what science can do and must do to help the American people.

Well, we've been very safe and, you know, again, the president has made fun of us. But we wear masks. We, you know, social distancing. And so, you know, the events are, you know -- it's, you know -- we're, you know, Joe -- I'd like to hug people. You don't hug people these days. That's not an option. You can't shake hands. But you can look people in the eye, and you can listen, and you can be there. And so, for example, I'm going to be in North Carolina and Ohio and Pennsylvania and, I think, Texas over the next three days, and -- and that's important. I think it's important to be where the people are but to do it in a way that does not cause them to be at any risk in terms of their safety. And so, we're working it out. It's definitely a different kind of campaign than anything that we've done before, but we're making the best of it, and people are engaged. And they're engaged online. They're -- you know, we've done, I don't know, countless Zooms. And I think we're all in our personal and professional lives figuring out ways to stay engaged and connected with the people that we need to talk with and the people we need to hear from.

You know, I mean he just changes his mind every day. Who knows what he's going to say? But Joe's been clear. He's keeping his promise. And early in the summer, they worked out a schedule with the commission. And Joe's sticking to his word. And so Joe will be keeping the October 15 date. He has never backed out from it. And he will be talking to the American people and listening from the American people. And he's prepared to do that again on, I think it's October 22. So, Joe's consistent. Donald Trump is never consistent, and I don't have any reason to believe he will be on this subject.

I'm not touching that.

Well, I -- you know, I'm not going to tell the networks what to do. But I will tell you, I know who I'm going to be watching.

So, there you go.

I think there are. And I think that the -- both the secretary of state, Padilla, and the current attorney general, Becerra, have made clear that they're monitoring it, and they're prepared to take action where enforcement is necessary. The point that I will make -- and I think it is an important one 20 days before the election -- is that there in every state, many states, are obstacles being purposely thrown at voters, because there are certain people that are afraid that, if people vote, that they're going to lose. And for some of us, we just celebrated in the last month or so the passage of the 19th Amendment, right, honoring those suffragettes who fought for the right for women to vote, also remembering black woman couldn't vote until 1965. But this is not new in America. They gutted the Voting Rights Act in 2013. And we have seen almost two dozen states set up laws that have been designed to suppress the vote. These tactics are not new. But what I'm seeing, Rachel, in this election in 2020 is, the voters will not be deterred. And people are voting by mail. They are voting early. You see the lines in places like Texas and Georgia, where people are prepared to stand in line. They are doing it with joy, and they're doing it with a commitment, knowing that their voice matters, and that their voice can determine the outcome of this election through their vote.

We are. But I also -- to your point, I have faith in the American people and in our democracy. And there's no question, Rachel, that many of us believe that Donald Trump has been a threat to our democracy and the integrity of our democratic institutions. I don't think there's any question about that, not to mention his complicity with foreign actors trying to interfere in our election in 2020, as they did in 2016. But I will say this. Our democracy is always going to be as strong as the American people's willingness to fight for our democracy. And so it is strong if you look at what people are doing as we speak, again, standing in line, prepared to engage in litigation, if necessary, but registering people to vote, talking with their friends and neighbors about what's at stake. We -- and we have always had to fight to get closer to the ideals that we hold dear. And part of that has been, over the course of our history, to fight for the integrity of our elections. And what I am seeing every day in this election, and I have seen for a long time, is, the American people are willing to fight for the integrity of our electoral process, in spite of those that might attempt to discredit or tamper with it. And, ultimately, I think we prevail when we don't let anybody mess with our vote and we stand firm in knowing that our vote has meaning and it has purpose and actually can determine an outcome of an election.

Do you accept that COVID-19 is infectious?

Do you accept that smoking causes cancer?

It's just a question. The question is what it is. You can answer it if you believe...

And do you believe that climate change is happening, and it's threatening the air we breathe and the water we drink?

OK. Thank you. Thank you, Judge Barrett. And you have made your point clear that you believe it's a debatable point.

I -- Rachel, I think that she and the Republican -- the Senate, the Republican leaders of the Senate, have probably decided that they have got the votes, and she doesn't have to answer questions. I think that it is -- the fact that she can't -- she can't admit that what Justice Roberts admitted, which is that discrimination -- that voter discrimination exists -- Justice Roberts could talk about that. Justice Roberts, who is the chief justice of the United States Supreme Court, Republican-appointed, I think, is -- has created a standard that she should actually admire, which is being candid with the American people about just certain facts, and not debatable facts. These are facts. But that's not what we got from this nominee. And the tragedy of it all is that this has been, I think, a process that has violated what the American people want and what they should expect, which is that, when we are in the midst of an election, which will be over in 20 days -- it started -- it's going to be over in 20 days -- 14 million Americans, Rachel, have voted. And that they are ramming through this nominee while the American people are voting on who will be their next president is unconscionable. Joe and I have been very clear, let the American people decide who will fill that seat in the White House, and then fill the seat in the United States Supreme Court. Anything less than that is really contrary to, I think, the best principles about what we do in a democracy.

Well, I have to say that I believe that the Democratic senators have been very consistent and unified in pointing out the -- the sham of this process and the illegitimacy of it, and also pointing out to the American people what's at stake, in terms of, for example, the Affordable Care Act, which I know, from traveling the country, is the number one topic on people's minds and the issue that keeps them up at night, which is the access to affordable health care. And I think, really, what we need to do right now is hold these Republican senators accountable for what they're doing, which is forcing upon the American people this process, while not, Rachel, while not dealing with relief for the tens of millions of people who have found themselves unemployed, for the renters. Almost half of renters in America right now are worried they're not going to be able to make rent next month, the one in five mothers who is describing her children under the age of 12 as being hungry, the thousands and thousands of people that are in food lines every day in America, because we're not talking about it, but we're in the midst of a hunger crisis. And these Republican senators, instead, want to ram through this justice, this nomination, without giving American people the relief that they so desperately need right now. It is unconscionable, what they are doing. And they should be held accountable, because this is, again, a distraction from the failures of this administration, which is COVID and all that it has caused in terms of harm. And it is an example of an agenda that is purely about politics and their weird obsession with getting rid of anything Barack Obama and Joe Biden created, which is all about their politics, and not about what we should be doing to relieve the pain and the suffering of the American people right now.

No, you're right, Rachel. And I actually talked about that in -- today in the hearing. People are scared. You're right. Civil rights are on the line. Workers' rights are on the line. Consumer rights are on the line. Health care is on the line. These -- all of these things are at stake. You are absolutely right. And the only point that I can make to hopefully relieve some of that righteous fear is, we have an election coming up. And it's not only about the White House. It's about the Senate. And, you know, I've been in the United States Senate for 3 1/2 years, and I'm going to tell you something, I've been serving on this Judiciary Committee for a little while. The Senate makes decisions about who will be in these lifetime positions on these courts, and it is there that these decisions will be ultimately made about our civil rights, about our right to love who we love and marry them, about our right to have equality and equal justice under law, about whether we protect collective bargaining and the rights of workers, whether we agree that access to health care should be a right and not just a privilege of those who can afford it. That's where those decisions are made, and the United States Senate has a lot to do with it. And when we take back the Senate and have the majority, we will have a lot to do with whether or not we are one step closer to those ideals we hold dear. Right now, we don't have the majority in the Senate, and so what have we seen? With Donald Trump and this Senate, we have seen nominations -- because I've been there. I've witnessed it on the Judiciary Committee. I mentioned this in the debate. Rachel, 50 nominations and confirmations to the United States Court of Appeals for lifetime, lifetime appointments. Do you know of the 50, not one person is black? I've been watching where they bring in these nominees who are unwilling to agree that Brown v. Board of education is precedent. It's crazy. And I mean, you know, to use a term. So there is one thing we can do among the many things. Well, let's not stop protesting. Let's not stop being active. Let's not stop speaking up and shouting when necessary. And let's vote. And let's vote, guys. Let's vote.

Listen, I am a person of faith. Joe Biden is a person of faith. And the one thing I will -- you know, I talk to Joe all the time. I -- first of all, I love Joe Biden. He's such a good person, and he is -- he's an incredible leader, and he is so deep of faith, and an incredible optimist in the midst of all that we are seeing. You know, and I'm going to say I think it's hurtful to Joe to be honest. He goes to mass every Sunday. He -- he -- for him, his faith, it's a part of him. I think many people, contrary to what the president and these political people are trying to play, are very excited about the fact that we have the potential to elect the second Catholic -- practicing Catholic ever to be president of the United States. And, you know, I think that Joe feels the way most people do, which is that their relationship with God and their relationship with their faith is something that cannot be tarnished by other people's perceptions of who they are. And I think Joe's very strong that way.

Oh, Rachel.

You know, Rachel, I just -- you know, I think that it's important that we kind of find a way, all of us, to move on and, you know, kind of fly away from this subject on to something else. Yeah.

Thank you, Rachel.