This is Vice President Harris, and you are listening to the Willie Moore Jr. Show. Mr. Moore, it's Kamala Harris. How are you?

I am very well, and it's good to be back with you. You've been well?

Well, to your point, I definitely feel the weight of the responsibility.

And there is so much at stake in these next 12 days. And part of it, for me, is really to make sure that folks understand their power and to not be silenced and to not have -- have other people convince them that they don't matter or that their vote doesn't matter because it really does. And when you think about issues like what we can do to fix our economy in a way that you and I have talked about before, my long-standing agenda, which has been to increase access to capital for small businesses, including Black-owned businesses and entrepreneurs; my agenda that has been about dealing with an issue like maternal mortality, which you and I have discussed before, and raising up the fact that Black women are three to four times more likely to die and we need to deal with that travesty; my agenda that is about saying that we've got to enhance what we do, in particular, for our men and my national health initiative for Black men, which is about expanding preventative screening programs, including for prostate and colon cancer.

This -- this is the weight of what I am feeling, especially in these -- these next 12 days --

Which is to get the word out and remind folks of their power to make a difference.

Well, let me start with this, Willie. I grew up in the Black church. I grew up attending 23rd Avenue Church of God in Oakland, California. And --

And I grew up -- you know, I was in the children's choir and attended Sunday school.

And I -- I -- I learned and know that ours is a loving God --

Who expects that faith without work is dead, that, you know, our faith has to be a verb and we have to put it in action, we have to put -- we have to be active with our faith in terms of living a life that is about lifting others up, doing justice, having mercy, and -- and having grace.

And so, you know, souls to the polls is an initiative. It's -- it's, right now, a partnership I have with so many of our pastors to -- to speak to their congregations about, really, faith in the -- in the context of deeds. And that includes making sure that people vote because your voice is your vote and your vote is your voice.

And I do believe there's a real contrast between me and Donald Trump --

When we think about the teachings of Scripture around the importance of -- of lifting up and -- and, you know, whether it be taking care of the elderly, feeding the hungry, or just treating each other with a level of dignity and respect.

And instead, what you see from him is constantly calling people names, demeaning people. I mean, what he said most recently about Black immigrants, legal immigrants in Ohio and suggesting they were eating their pets, what we've seen at the beginning of his career when, as a landlord, he refused to rent to Black families.

What he did in taking out a full-page ad in the New York Times, calling for the execution of five Black and Latino innocent boys. Not even young men. They were children.

And called for their execution, and they were innocent. And then, obviously, the first Black president of the United States, pushing that birther lie --

To suggest he wasn't born in the US. He's constantly trying to make people -- just to divide the country and have people point their fingers at each other, and including, most recently, when he's talking about the enemy within --

And how he'll send the military after American citizens. So, look, I connect a lot of how I feel about it and how I think many people feel about it, especially those of faith --

And understanding that there's a huge difference between me and Donald Trump on these issues.

And -- and I think that -- that -- that matters.

Sure. So, first of all, let me say that, as you and I know because we've talked about it even before I was running for president --

Part of my agenda has always been to lift up the economic strength and well-being of the community and with a particular focus that I've been paying for years to Black men. And again, long before I was running for president. And part of it is -- you remember, we talked about my Economic Opportunity Tour --

Which was traveling the country in places like Atlanta and Pittsburgh and Milwaukee to talk with folks about my work to increase access to capital through small banks. My work that has been about saying that we need to get rid of medical debt as something that can work against your credit score. My work that has been about what I will do, which is to create a $25,000 down payment assistance for first-time homebuyers.

My work that is about making sure that we extend what we can do around not only a track of getting people into homeownership but building wealth in the community because I well know, our men, our -- the community, people, in general, all Americans, yes, it should be a baseline that everybody has a job.

And certainly, under our administration, we have reduced Black unemployment to the lowest it's been historically. But that should be a baseline. It has to also be about a commitment, which I have, to allowing people to have opportunity to build wealth so they can buy the car they want to drive, so that they can own a home, which is about intergenerational wealth, so people can achieve their dreams based on their natural ability to -- to -- to have dreams and to have ambitions.

And that's the spirit that I approach this work with. And -- and I'm looking forward to being president with the help of your listeners, and I'm here to ask for their vote so that we can actually move on and move forward as a country and turn the page on this -- this era, this Trump era that has been about fanning the flames of hate and division.

Let's invest in the American people and the opportunities that exist to grow.

Pray for -- let's -- let's all pray for the -- the unification of our country.

Let's pray for strength. Let's pray for a collective spirit that is about knowing we have so much more in common than what separates us --

And that, you know, a nation unified is stronger and it -- it makes it stronger for each one of us. That's what I pray for.

And I would -- I'd be honored to have every one of your listeners join in that prayer.

God bless you. I thank you so much. I look forward to talking again.

Thank you so much.