Thank you, Steve Harvey. It's good to be back with you. Thank you so very much.

I'm feeling good. I have to tell you, I've been traveling our country, and I'm just -- you know, there are so many good folks, Steve -- you know this -- who care about the future of our country, who love our country, and who are determined to make sure that they get folks to the polls. I've been, you know, going to a lot of beautiful churches where the -- the pastors are leading souls to the polls.

I've been meeting with our young people who are first-time voters, who are coming out in incredible numbers because they know what's at stake for their future. But there's a whole lot of optimism out there. And I think it's because people understand, you know, there's a very big decision to be made, but a huge contrast between Donald Trump and myself.

And I think people want to turn the page on his era of divisiveness and fanning the flames of hate. They want a new way forward that's about optimism and, dare I say, joy. But also, I'm prepared to do the hard work that's about bringing down the cost of groceries, bringing down the cost of housing, and focusing on the needs of our small businesses and so much more.

So, first of all, let me just tell you that I understand that -- listen, I'm going to be and I -- and I pledge to be a president for all Americans, but not all people have been affected by issues the same way. So, for example, in my agenda for Black men, it includes what we need to do around having a specific initiative that is about Black men's health because I know that we have higher rates of colon cancer and prostate cancer, and I want to make sure we're increasing education and screening for Black men, doing -- understanding that sickle cell affects Black men at a higher rate.

My approach is an agenda that also includes focusing on small businesses. You know, our small businesses range from the barbershop and a beauty salon to tech companies, to clean energy companies, to construction companies. And part of my focus is on making sure that our entrepreneurs, our small business owners have access to capital because, unlike Donald Trump, who was given $400 million on a silver platter and then filed for bankruptcy six times, not everybody has access to the capital, but they've got good ideas, they have a serious work ethic, and they have a product or an idea that actually benefits the community.

So, my work is about, one, making sure that we have $20,000 forgivable loans for startup companies to be able to pay for the website because, you know, you can't just rely on your cousin to set up your website, right? You need a good website that opens your product up to market. My -- the forgivable loans include if you want to start up a company where you need products or you need equipment and that's the reason why you can't be successful, that I want to eliminate that obstacle.

My plan is about knowing that Black families are 40 percent less likely to be homeowners. So, I'm going to make sure that we have $25,000 down payment assistance for first-time home buyers so they can just get their foot in the door and get on the path to living the dream of America, the American dream, which also is about being on the path to creating intergenerational wealth.

So, my agenda is -- has a lot of aspects to it that are everything from bringing down the cost of groceries, to bringing down the cost of housing, making homeownership within the grasp of the American people, but also focusing on specific issues that affect specific communities, with a target of making sure that we eliminate obstacles to success and to wealth building.

Well, Steve, I have to tell you, I mean, a lot of my policies and priorities are based on personal experiences, right, whether it be the importance of homeownership and knowing how hard people work and save up trying to be able to buy a home for their family. And, you know, I saw my mother struggle to do that, and she finally did when I was a teenager.

Or what I'm going to do around making sure Medicare helps pay for home health care for our seniors, knowing that, you know, there is a part of all cultures and certainly ours that you take care of your elders, but we have a lot of folks who live in the sandwich generation who are taking care of their young kids and their parents and they need help.

My focus on HBCUs, a lot of it has to do with the fact that, as an HBCU -- a proud HBCU graduate, I know that our HBCUs are centers of academic excellence but don't always have the kind of resources that other colleges and universities have and they need that kind of support. So, you're right. I mean -- or even the work that I've done on Black maternal mortality, which affects not only women but the men who love them, their -- their husbands, their sons, their fathers.

So, these are areas of work for me, as you said, that have been long-standing. It's not just because I'm running for president. My whole focus on Black men and -- and opportunity around financial opportunity was long before I started running for president. It's a lifelong commitment.

Yes.

That's right. Well, listen, I know how folks have been overlooked. And I -- I'm very proud of what we've done over the last four years to bring down Black unemployment to historic lows, but, you know, I also understand and know that it should be a baseline that everybody is working and has a job. What people also want is the opportunity to create wealth.

People want the opportunity to be able to go on vacation from time to time and buy their kids, you know, the kinds of Christmas gifts that they want.

Well, you're right, and anybody listening should go and Google Project 2025. They will eliminate the Department of Education and Head Start. They will make it more difficult for workers to get overtime pay. And that's on top of what he will do to get rid of Medicare, get rid of the ability of Medicare to negotiate drug prices against the big pharmaceutical companies, get rid of -- look at Project 2025.

It will get rid of the $35-a-month cap on insulin for our seniors. Black folks are 60 percent more likely to be diagnosed with diabetes. So, to your point, Steve, it is a -- this is an election of consequence, and on the one side, you've got Donald Trump whose policies are not about lifting up hardworking people.

You've got Donald Trump who, way back from the beginning of his career when he was a landlord, refused to rent to Black families; who took out a full-page ad in the New York Times, calling for the execution of five young Black and Latino children who were innocent, the Central Park Five; somebody who called the first Black president of the United States -- called him out and -- and claimed he was not born in the United States, birtherism; and then, most recently, as it relates to legal Black immigrants in Ohio, said they were eating their pets.

This is who he is, and I think folks know. When you look at his character, you got to understand, you know, it's one thing for him to have his name on a building in Vegas, it's a whole other thing to think about him having the power of the presidency to either lift people up or push people down and tear people down.

And this is the choice that people have. And -- and, Steve, I would -- I would press this point, also. I would ask your listeners to just know that, you know, if you are a hardworking person, if you have aspirations and goals but you didn't inherit what you got, you got to know, you're not really in Donald Trump's club, right? He's not -- he's not -- he's not going to sleep at night thinking about how he's going to take care of your grandmother or grandfather.

He's looking out for people like him. When he was president, he pushed and -- and accomplished tax cuts for billionaires and big corporations. And as president again, if he were elected, which he will not be, he would do the same. So, I asked people to look at who do you believe is actually going to be there fighting for you.

And I think, based on character and performance, the choice is clear.

Yup. The last week. It's November 5th. Tuesday, November 5th.

I intend to win, Steve Harvey, and it's going to be because people don't let themselves be silenced and they will get out and vote. And, you know, we know our voice is our vote and our vote is our power.

I -- what I am seeing as I travel the country is that people refuse to be silenced and they're not going to fall for the okey doke. People know the difference between fact and fiction and who's going to actually be fighting for them. And look, I am not perfect, I am -- will make mistakes, but I will work around the clock on behalf of the people who deserve to be seen and heard and uplifted.

That is the work I have done in my career. That is the work I will continue to do. I have only had one client in my life, the people, and that's who I fight for. And so, my agenda really is about an opportunity economy that's about helping to lift people up, but again also recognizing the disparities that have existed, and we talked, as an example, about homeownership as one point of reference.

So, you know -- or, for example, my work on increasing access to capital for small businesses is also based on an understanding and knowledge that only 1 percent of venture capitalists' investment go to Black-owned businesses, right? So --

We have to recognize where the disparities exist and see how we can create public policy in a way that takes those into account.

Right.

Right.

Yeah.

Not -- not getting another debate. I've been trying. He won't -- he won't debate me again.

Thank you, Steve Harvey. And thank you for the time and thank you for your voice and your leadership always and the friendship. Thank you.

All right. I'll see you on the other side.

You, too. Thank you.