I'm in Washington, DC today. Thank you.

Good to see you.

So, let me start by saying that today, I was with the president in the Situation Room for several hours, along with members of our national security team, and I'm pleased to report that based on everything we know as of this moment, our position, which is to support Israel and its right to defend itself, and Israel's ability to defend itself today was quite successful.

And we must all agree that it is in the best interest of the United States, much less our allies, Israel, to ensure that Iran not have the ability to do what it was attempting to do today. It is in American interest to make sure that we take seriously the threat Iran -- that it -- it poses not only to our interests to our personnel and into stability in that region, both Iran and Iran-backed terrorists.

And we will be unwavering, I will be unwavering in my commitment to Israel's ability to defend itself and to take seriously the need to -- to -- to deal with Iran in terms of the threat that it poses to US interests, to our allies, and to stability in the region.

No. Not -- no. Absolutely not.

You know, I've just asked him to be himself. I -- I hope that your viewers get a chance to know Tim Walz if you don't already. He's -- look, Tim Walz was a teacher, a football coach. He is a governor of a state that is actually reported to be the sixth best in the country for doing business. And he's just a good guy.

He's a dad. He's a -- he's a husband. He's a community member. He served in the National Guard. And I think that your viewers, if you watch the debate, what you're going to see is a real contrast between two individuals, and I think what you're going to see in Tim Walz is the guy on the stage who really has your best interest in mind and has a sense of what you're going through and a desire to help you.

And that's one of the things that I think is -- is the strength of Tim Walz and why he's going to do really well tonight.

So, let me start by saying that that ad, as you described it, is absolutely a mischaracterization that I think is intended to make people afraid of my presidency. Let me be absolutely clear, as I've been when I said it back in 2020, I will not ban fracking. I did not as vice president. In fact, I cast the tie-breaking vote to open up more fracking leases.

And my perspective on this is grounded in a number of things, including that we don't have to ban fracking to do the work that we can do to also invest in a clean energy economy. So, that's where I stand, period. As president of the United States, I will not ban fracking. I did not as vice president of the United States.

And frankly, I think some of those ads are misleading intentionally to suggest to folks that they should be afraid because on the other side, what you've got in my opponent is somebody who could and has not really done much about lifting up the middle class. My perspective on this issue is that I'm going to bring jobs back to rural communities.

I'm going to make sure that we invest in those communities that have done the kind of work that you have in mind when we talk about Pittsburgh, when we talk about the greater aspect of Pennsylvania, and I'm going to keep doing that work.

So, let me tell you where I'm coming from. I feel very strongly that US Steel needs to remain a US company and that the people working there need to be American workers. And I think that is also why I am proud and -- and I do have the support of the steelworkers union because I just think that when you think about it in terms of a historic American industry, not to mention what it means for the workforce and the economy of Pittsburgh, of Pennsylvania, but also from a national security perspective, it is important that we have US manufacturing of US Steel.

And listen, I've been vice president now for four years. I've traveled around the world. I start my day every day being briefed on hotspots around the world and -- and threats to our national security. When I think about the importance of supporting US workers and US Steel, it is through the lens of not only what we should do to protect that workforce, but what we should do to protect US and American interests.

It is my priority to keep the jobs in Pittsburgh, understanding again that the folks who are doing that work are doing hard work, good work. It is part of not only the -- a tradition of American industry to do that work, but it is part of what we need to invest in the future.

So, let's start with this. I think that the former president is -- is really becoming quite desperate and -- and is -- has really been offering a lot of misstatements and -- and misinformation, and perhaps it's because he wants to distract from the fact that he has offered no plan for the American people.

You -- I have talked about this before. I invite you to go to his rallies, and what you'll hear about full time is him talking about himself and his personal grievances. But what you won't hear him talking about is you and the needs that you have as a working person, as a family person. My plan is about building an opportunity economy where I'm going to give first-time homebuyers a $25,000 down payment assistance so they can get their foot in the door to be able to be a homeowner.

My plan is about $6,000 tax deduction for middle-class families for the first year of their child's life to help them buy a crib or a car seat. My plan is about getting a $50,000 tax deduction to startup businesses, to our small businesses, knowing that they are part of the backbone of America's economy.

Those are my plans. And I think that, unfortunately, what we've got on the other side is someone who wants to distract from the fact that his plan is about giving billionaires and big corporations a tax break like he did the last time and doing that again.

Well, absolutely. There's only one president of the United States, and -- and -- but I -- but I have been very excited to -- to spend time in Pittsburgh and in Pennsylvania. I was just in Pittsburgh, actually, talking about my economic plan, and -- but to spend time in Pittsburgh and in the rest of the state talking with folks about what I intend to do as president.

And I am so honored and humbled to have received a lot of the support from the folks in that beautiful city of Pittsburgh and around the state because I believe that -- that what I'm talking about in terms of lifting up American workers and American families is something people want to know that their president will do.

Let's try and do that. I would like that.

I would definitely like that. And I'll be back in Pittsburgh sometime soon. OK. Take care.