Raúl, it's Kamala Harris. How are you?

Thank you. It's good to be with you.

It is one of my highest priorities because one: the immigration system is just broken. We need more resources both in terms of border security, but we need more asylum judges, we need more processing, and we need to lay the pathway for people to earn citizenship, hard working people to earn citizenship.

And so, my focus on this is both in terms of securing the border, putting more agents at the border. So for example we can also deal with the fentanyl that is coming into the United States. That is killing people of every background and every geographic location.

Well, let me first say I was honored to have Jennifer there with me last night. She's been so wonderful, and she spoke truth about how Trump's comments are hateful, how they are, you know, just furtherance of these tropes that are really unfair, and meant to divide and demean people. And, you know, my commitment to Puerto Rico is longstanding, even when I was in the United States Senate, as a representative of California, I took on a responsibility for myself of also prioritizing the needs of Puerto Rico, because I was aware that Puerto Rico did not have a U.S. senator, and so I was responsible for getting more resources to Puerto Rico.

I went there after Hurricane Maria, and it's a longstanding commitment of mine, including when I am elected president of the United States, God willing, and the people listening right now. And so, part of my plan is for what I call an opportunity economy taskforce specifically focused on Puerto Rico, around bringing private sector and non-profit resources to the island for the industries that are there and can grow, for the workers who are there and -- and require the skills development, because so many people don't want to leave, but they don't have an opportunity there.

And then second, my focus on Puerto Rico is to upgrade the electrical grid, which has been a longstanding issue there, and to do that, it's about an investment. But it's also the creation of jobs and it's the creation of the longstanding strength of Puerto Rico both for businesses, but also for everyday people who have intermittent electricity. Sometimes it's on, sometimes it's off, and it -- it hampers their ability to have a decent quality of life.

So Raúl, first of all, I'll tell you my plan for the economy has been reviewed by top economists in the country from Goldman Sachs to 23 Nobel Laureates who have reviewed my plan and -- and have announced and let us know my plan will strengthen America's economy as compared to Donald Trump's plan that would weaken America's economy. Specifically my vision of the economy for growth is what I call an opportunity economy: understanding that everyone has ambition they have hard work ethic they have the hard work ethic, they have the skills but not always the access to the resources to achieve their goals and their dreams.

So for example on the issue of home ownership, my plan includes a $25,000 downpayment assistance for first time homebuyers, so they can just get their foot in the door. They will then do the work of saving up to pay the mortgage every month. My plan includes investing in small businesses. I love small businesses. Our second mother was a small business owner.

So that is about a tax break for small businesses, including right now, the tax deduction for small businesses is $5,000. I'm going to increase it tenfold to $50,000 and increase access to capital. And, for so many of our startup small businesses, they just need a little extra help to buy the equipment to actually run their small business. So if they're at a certain level, they will be entitled to a $20,000 non-refundable loan, meaning they don't have to pay it back, but that's the thing that will help them buy the equipment they need to actually start their business, to grow it and to be strong.

My plan includes a $6,000 tax cut for young families for the first year of their child's life, to help them be able to pay for childcare or buy a crib and a car seat and -- and those things that are so fundamental during the early stages of their child's development, knowing all of our young parents want to parent their children well, but don't always have the resources.

So these are some examples of how I think about what we will do to strengthen the economy. And you can look at the top economists in the country who agree with me that this is a way to strengthen the overall economy when we strengthen the middle class of America.

Well, you know, there's a very different -- there's a big choice here, and my vision and my leadership is about the future. Donald Trump is about taking us backward. My leadership is about a new generation of leadership for America, that is invested in the ambition and the hopes and dreams of the American people. My vision is about what we do to strengthen the economy which includes bringing down the cost of living for people including the cost of groceries.

He -- Donald Trump admires dictators. He has said he would be a dictator on day one. He said he would weaponize the Department of Justice against his political enemies. Donald Trump talks about an enemies list. Raúl, on day one, January 20th, there will be a new president and it's either going to be Donald Trump or me. Donald Trump, if he were elected which by the way he won't be, but if he were elected, he's gonna walk in there with an enemies list.

When I walk in there on day one. I will walk in there with a to-do list to work on behalf of the American people. I am a hard worker. I am going to work on behalf of the American people, their families, their dreams, their aspirations, and do it with a spirit of understanding. All people deserve dignity, they deserve to be respected, and they deserve to have a president who lift them up instead of trying to beat them down.

Thank you so very much, Raúl. Take care. Thank you.