Sure, Mike. I mean, first of all, let me tell you that we have -- we just had a very important briefing with the head of FEMA, Homeland Security, the National Oceanic Administration, and we are ensuring that federal resources are on the ground, pre-positioned, to help folks with water and food and also, obviously, personnel in terms of having folks on the ground who are going to work with the local and the state authorities so that we're well coordinated.

We have more than a thousand federal personnel on the ground in Florida right now, and we're going to continue to scale up. And we're working with these incredible local leaders to prepare. I would also emphasize that it's really important that your viewers, your listeners listen to your local authorities.

What has been emphasized over and over again is that this will be unlike any hurricane the region has ever experienced. And I know we got some tough Floridians who have -- who have dealt with hurricanes before and have been fine. This is going to be different. So, please listen to your local officials and understand the seriousness of this and your ability to -- to, frankly, save your life because this is expected to be not only dangerous but deadly.

The other point, Mike, that I would make, especially it came through on the briefing from the -- the federal experts, it's really important that we think about the language that we're using to talk about what we are predicting because, for example, it has moved from time to time from a Category 5 to a Category 4.

It's important that we not emphasize that downgrading has happened because, in fact, the difference between Category 5 and Category 4 in terms of the danger and the damage is pretty much the same. Similarly, when we're talking about the surge threat, it may have dropped, it may increase, but it's still dangerous.

It's still extremely dangerous. So, it's important that we communicate to folks that there may be some fluctuations around some of the levels, but we are absolutely entirely within the zone of dangerous, deadly levels, regardless of how it fluctuates within that. And -- and so, I just want to emphasize that to you.

And then, of course, for the folks who are -- are still trying to survive and recover from Hurricane Helene, don't listen to anything or anybody who's trying to make you more afraid than you already are because of what has happened. There are federal resources you are entitled to receive, without condition, and there are resources that are available to you to deal with what you need right now to, for example, get money to be able to fill your prescriptions and deal with a hotel expense.

And then there are resources available to you to help you recover over the longer term. The other point I would make is this, and I've done this work in my career, sadly, there are some folks who, during the moment of a crisis, will be very predatory and start jacking up prices like gasoline or hotels or airlines to -- to take advantage of the desperation that people are experiencing.

So, to anybody who's thinking about jacking up those prices, those companies that are thinking about doing it, know that we are monitoring and we're watching. And if there is that kind of price gouging, that there will be a consequence for that because it's just wrong to take advantage of people who are desperate for help. And so, know that we're watching that as well.

So, FEMA has the resources it needs right now to deal with what has happened in terms of Helene and what we expect in terms of Milton, and we need Congress, when they come back, to put more resources into investing in resilience and adaptation around these extreme weather events. You know, these budgets, so many of them were constructed around a bygone time.

And, Mike, what you know and -- and all the work you've been doing over the years, if you track the -- the way that this is all happening, it's getting worse, and FEMA's budget and these federal agencies that do this work need the resources to deal with this moment in time. And -- and so, I'm -- I'm looking forward to Congress, when they come back, taking that seriously and giving them the resources they need to deal with the current -- current moment.

It's a big issue, Mike. I mean, you know, I -- I was attorney general for two terms in California, dealing with this around wildfires. And -- and we've seen it happen in -- in various places around the country, be it floods, tornadoes, hurricanes, or wildfires, where insurance companies are -- are pulling out and homeowners and renters are left footing the bill.

And I'm going to be taking a look at all the options because I know it's a big issue and, you know, folks need help to be able to recover. And -- and it really is -- it's life-changing in so many tragic ways. And so, I will be taking a look at this as we go forward.

Yes. And so, part of what we want to do is make sure that people are -- are in touch with FEMA and with your state and local folks because they actually know how to help people get access to the resources that can help them with mobility, with transportation, with housing, and with their basic necessities in -- in this moment of crisis.

So, it's important to -- to reach out and know that there are people who are there who are willing and able and -- and it's their job to help you, including for folks who need help with medical care, including with folks who have any type of physical disability or otherwise and are in need of extra assistance.

Listen, I -- I've spent my career concerning myself with the safety and the protection of people, and my heart just aches for what we've already seen in terms of the -- the -- the loss. I -- I mean, I've talked with people who -- I talked with a woman who just days before I talked with her she lost her husband because of Hurricane Helene; and -- and her daughter, I talked with, who lost her father.

This is not a time for us to just point fingers at each other as Americans. It's really not. And, you know, when -- I've had the experience of -- of holding the hands of people who are grieving because of unfair tragic loss, and anybody who considers themselves to be a leader should really be in the business right now of giving people a sense of confidence that we're all working together and that we have the resources and the ability to work together on their behalf, on behalf of the people of our country.

And that's what I'm focused on, and -- and I welcome every and anyone to work with me and for us to be able to work together. I don't care who you voted for in the last election or who you're voting for in the next election.

Mike, I know you're on the ground there, you please stay safe, OK? Thanks for all you're doing to help so many out. You take care.