Good afternoon. It's so good to be back with you, and thank you. It's good to talk with you, Ms. Jessica.

Well, next time, same place, let's count on that, if we can do this right in the next 60 days.

Yes. So, let me -- I'll start with a little personal background on this. So, my mother was a working mother, raised me and my sister. And we had in Mrs. Regina Shelton from Louisiana a second mother who would take care of us when my mother was working long hours or on weekends. And she really was a second mother to us. And we lived -- I grew up living in the apartment on top of the nursery school that Ms. Shelton owned and ran. She was a small business owner. And I will tell you, she was a matriarch in the community. She was always tending to, you know, young parents and making sure they were OK. She -- she mentored. She was an extraordinary human being. And she had, in so many ways, taught me at the earliest age the power of small businesses and small business owners to do so much good in a community and the impact that they have on the community as a whole. So, I've always had a passion for small businesses and what I could do to -- to support and grow their ability to thrive. So, as vice president, I worked on getting billions more dollars into community banks to get that money then to the small businesses in the community. And yesterday, I announced my new initiative building on the work that I've been doing for years. And essentially, it is to change the tax code so that whereas before a startup small business only got a $5,000 tax credit, they will now get a $50,000 tax credit to be able to start their small business. Because here's the thing, Jessica, $5,000 is not going to help that many people start a small business, unless they've got some wealth or some savings built up, right? But not everybody comes to their good idea, to their innovative idea, to their commitment, to the hard work to see it through don't necessarily come with a big bank account. But that shouldn't be the barrier to people actually being able to pursue their ambition and their dreams. And understanding also that when they thrive, the whole economy is strengthened. So, that's my announcement yesterday and also to cut the red tape that small businesses have to go through. For example, cutting the red tape and simplifying the tax code around small businesses actually filing their taxes. Because sadly, what ends up happening is, you know, small businesses can't afford to hire a bunch of accountants and lawyers like big businesses can. But their -- their tax filing system is still too cumbersome. So, I -- my plan is about also taking -- getting rid of the red tape but also getting rid of the bureaucracy so that small business owners can do what they want to do, which is run their business, grow their business, hire folks from the community, and do the work that is about really strengthening the fabric of the community in every way, including the economics of a community.

So, you know, listen, I think that -- I understand why people are exhausted. Let me start with that. I get it. And I think part of the reason is that people are exhausted with this kind of -- this tone that is about, you know, hateful and divisive kind of language and approaches. I think people are tired of that. They're exhausted by it. And part of the reason that I'm running is for us to be able to actually chart a new way forward and turn the page on all of that, right? Turn the page on all that divisive hateful approach that really is a distraction, accompanied by chaos. And what we really want and need is to move forward and have a new way forward that's about bringing the country together and strengthening, in particular, middle-class families. Look, I come from the middle class. I was raised by a working mother. And a lot of my focus is on what we need to do to build folks up, not beat them down. And so, in terms of the debate, that's going to be my approach which is to emphasize the importance of bringing the country together and -- and fighting for the middle class in a way that is about, you know, one, making sure that billionaires and big corporations pay their fair share. And so, instead of my opponent, Donald Trump, who cut taxes for the richest people, I say they need to pay their fair share. And by the way, they can afford it. My work is about saying let's strengthen the Affordable Care Act, whereas he thrived, when he was president, 60 times to get rid of the Affordable Care Act. Remember, they -- they named it Obamacare, thinking people would reject it for that reason. But then, people realized that over 21 million people got coverage who did not have it and that we didn't allow insurance companies to deny people coverage if they had preexisting conditions like diabetes. So, these are some of the issues that -- that I think will come up in the debate. But certainly, these are the issues at stake in this election. And North Carolina has the ability to really determine the outcome of this election. And I know people have so much going on with your everyday responsibilities, but I would urge everyone to really stay engaged. Voter registration deadline is October 11th. Absentee ballots are going out September 6th. And you can go to iwillvote.com to make sure that you are registered and make sure you know where you can vote because sadly, in so many states, especially in the South, we've seen how they are messing around to try and reduce the number of polling places and make it more difficult for people to vote. But I just have to say, I think it's really important that we don't let anybody silence us, including our vote, and let's not let anybody knock us out of the game by suggesting that our vote doesn't matter.

OK.

Well, you know, I was -- I was extremely humbled and honored to see the kind of support that we had when I made the decision to run. You know, that weekend, I'll tell you, just to your point and just to share more of the personal background on that day, my family was -- was staying with me, staying with us that day. And my baby nieces, we had just finished having breakfast, I made pancakes and they were asking me to make some more bacon. And -- and we sat down. And after we ate, I was doing a puzzle with them, and that's when the phone rang, and it was the president to tell me that he wasn't running. And it was -- it was a really -- it was a day full of mixed emotions, right, which included a day of just really causing me to really understand the importance of fighting for what is right. And, you know, when I look at the children in my life, when I look at what's at stake, I have to tell you, I -- my first instinct is I'm fighting for them, I'm fighting for them.

Thank you, Ms. Jessica. You take care, and thank you to your listeners for the time.

You, too.