Ms. DeDe, it's Kamala Harris. How are you?

Good morning. Good morning.

You know, let me tell you, I love our country, and I believe in the promise of America, and I will work every day for all Americans to lift up opportunities and to make sure that we realize the promise in every way that is about strengthening American families, lowering the cost of living, and -- and bringing our country together.

Because frankly, you know, I think people are ready to turn the page on this last decade that has been influenced by Donald Trump that has got folks and Americans pointing their fingers at each other. People are ready to come together, knowing we all have so much more in common than what separates us.

And I'm running for president to be able to accomplish all of that and move us toward a future where we continue to be driven by optimism, hope, and our faith in what we are capable of.

Everything because, listen, when you think about America's future, it affects us all; and when you think about looking at the future in terms of addressing long-standing disparities, we want and deserve to have a president who takes those into account in a way that we make sure that all people rise. But the other point, DeDe, that I would make is, listen, I -- I think we have to remember who Donald Trump is on this point and who he has been as it relates to Black America, to the point of your question.

Donald Trump is someone who, as a landlord, refused to rent to Black families. Donald Trump is someone who took out a full-page ad in the New York Times, calling for the execution of Black youth, Black and Latino youth who were innocent, the Central Park Five.

Donald Trump is somebody who said that -- that the first Black president of the United States, Barack Obama, was not born in the United States. He had a birtherism lie. And then you look most recently and even what he did about -- around a collection of Black legal immigrants in Ohio and -- and fell into an old trope about Black people, in general, but suggesting they were eating their pets.

And so, to anybody listening, if you think you are in Donald Trump's club, if you think he's sitting back and concerning himself with how you and your grandparents and your grandfather and grandmother and your auntie and uncle and your cousins are doing, I'm telling you, that's not his first priority.

If you want to think about what you have in this choice in this election, I spend full time thinking about -- and half of my career --- how I can uplift people and bring opportunity and real growth, which is why, for years, I've been focused on an issue like increasing access to capital for our small businesses, knowing that our small businesses are part of the -- the cultural fabric of our neighborhoods and our communities and the economic backbone.

So, I have made a particular focus on increasing access to capital for small businesses, including minority-owned small businesses. I know that Black families are 40 percent less likely to be homeowners, which is why part of my policy will benefit everyone but is aware of what we need to do to give people the opportunity for homeownership, which is the opportunity to build intergenerational wealth.

So, my plan includes a $25,000 down payment assistance for first-time homebuyers to help them get their foot in the door for homeownership. My policy includes what we need to do to uplift our families. And I'm going to increase the -- the child tax credit to $6,000, knowing that that's what's going to help our young parents who have a natural desire to parent their children but not always the resources, and it will help them pay for child care, buy a crib or a car seat.

And remember, DeDe, when we last did the child tax credit, we reduced Black child poverty by half. So, these are the things --

That I intend to do, with a focus on what we -- what we can do that has been proven to work to uplift.

Well, first of all, I am the only person in this race who has personally prosecuted transnational criminal organizations. I have prosecuted Mexican cartels. I have prosecuted people who have been trafficking guns, drugs, and human beings across our border. So, I will put my record up to anybody any day of the week in terms of my commitment to making sure we have a secure and strong border.

I am also committed to what we need to do to put resources down at the border, which is why I supported a bipartisan border security bill, one of the toughest in a long time. And Donald Trump tried to kill it because he does not want the problem to be fixed because he preferred to run on a problem, instead of fixing a problem.

He preferred to put tens of millions of dollars in attack ads against me on a problem that I have been prepared to fix for quite some time but he got in the way of because the man has no solutions to problems. He talks consistently about America as though we are small and as though we are broken. He clearly does not believe in the strength of who we are as America, and it's a big difference between he and I, and it's going to be a big difference when we think about who is going to be sitting in the Oval Office on January 20th.

Do you want a president of the United States who's sitting there in the Oval Office -- just imagine it. We've all seen what it looks like. Do you want Donald Trump sitting in there on January 20th, stewing over his enemies list, or the choice is me, sitting in there, checking off my to-do list?

Well, listen, DeDe, you -- you know this. I -- I have been the first in almost every position I've had. In fact, the only time I was not the first was when I was the second Black woman elected to the United States Senate -- excuse me. Only the second in the history of the United States Senate elected to the United States Senate.

And so, it is not unusual for me to have an experience of charting new ground. And I will tell you, though, that I am so honored and I feel blessed to have the support of so many men and women around our country from every different walk of life. Last night, I was in Atlanta. We had 23,000 people. And on the stage to support me were Tyler Perry --

Spike Lee, Sam Jackson, and Barack Obama. So, I will tell you that there is a whole lot of support for our movement, and we are going to win. So, I just need everybody to vote.

And to all your listeners, I would be so honored to have your vote. And please do go out and vote and vote early.

Thank you, DeDe. Take care.