Well, there are a number of things. I will tell you, first and foremost, one of my highest priorities is to do what we can to support and strengthen the middle class. When I look at the aspirations, the goals, the ambitions of the American people, I think that people are ready for a new way forward in a way that generations of Americans have been fueled by -- by hope and by optimism.

I think, sadly, in the last decade, we have had in the former president someone who has really been pushing an agenda and an environment that is about diminishing the character and the strength of who we are as Americans, really dividing our nation. And I think people are ready to turn the page on that.

Day one, it's going to be about, one, implementing my plan for what I call an opportunity economy. I've already laid out a number of proposals in that regard, which include what we're going to do to bring down the cost of everyday goods, what we're going to do to invest in America's small businesses, what we're going to do to invest in families.

For example, extending the child tax credit to $6,000 for families for the first year of their child's life to help them buy a car seat, to help them buy baby clothes, a crib. There's the work that we're going to do that is about investing in the American family around affordable housing, a big issue in our country right now. So, there are a number of things on day one.

Yeah.

Yeah.

Well, let's start with the fact that when Joe Biden and I came in office during the height of a pandemic, we saw over 10 million jobs were lost. People -- I mean, literally we are all tracking the numbers. Hundreds of people a day were dying because of COVID. The economy had crashed. In large part, all of that because of mismanagement by Donald Trump of that crisis.

When we came in, our highest priority was to do what we could to rescue America. And today, we know that we have inflation at under 3 percent. A lot of our policies have led to the reality that America recovered faster than any wealthy nation around the world. But you are right. Prices, in particular for groceries, are still too high.

The American people know it. I know it. Which is why my agenda includes what we need to do to bring down the price of groceries. For example, dealing with an issue like price gouging. What we need to do to extend the child tax credit to help young families, be able to take care of their children in their most formative years.

What we need to do to bring down the cost of housing. My proposal includes what would be a tax credit of $25,000 for first-time home buyers so they can just have enough to put a down payment on a home, which is part of the American dream and their aspiration, but do it in a way that allows them to actually get on the path to achieving that goal and that dream.

Yeah.

Well, first of all, we had to recover as an economy, and we have done that. I'm very proud of the work that we have done that has brought inflation down to less than 3 percent, the work that we have done to cap the cost of insulin at $35 a month for seniors. Donald Trump said he was going to do a number of things, including allowing Medicare to negotiate drug prices.

Never happened. We did it. So now, and I -- as I travel in the state of Georgia and around our country, the number of seniors that have benefited, I've met -- I was in Nevada recently, a grandmother who showed me her receipts. And before, we capped the cost of insulin for seniors at $35 a month. She was paying hundreds of dollars, up to thousands of dollars a month for her insulin. She's not doing that any longer.

I maintain that when we do the work of bringing down prescription medication for the American people, including capping the cost of the annual cost of prescription medication for seniors at $2,000; when we do what we did in the first year of being in office to extend the child tax credit so that we cut child poverty in America by over 50 percent; when we do what we have done to invest in the American people and bringing manufacturing back to the United States so that we created over 800,000 new manufacturing jobs, bringing business back to America; what we have done to improve the supply chain so we're not relying on foreign governments to supply American families with their basic needs, I'll say that that's good work. There's more to do, but that's good work.

Sure.

No, and I made that clear on the debate stage in 2020, that I would not ban fracking. As vice president, I did not ban fracking. As president, I will not ban fracking.

In 2020, I made very clear where I stand. We are in 2024, and I have not changed that position, nor will I going forward. I kept my word, and I will keep my word.

Well, let's be clear. My values have not changed. I believe it is very important that we take seriously what we must do to guard against what is a clear crisis in terms of the climate. And to do that, we can do what we have accomplished thus far. The Inflation Reduction Act, what we have done to invest by my calculation over probably a trillion dollars over the next 10 years investing in a clean energy economy.

What we've already done creating over 300,000 new clean energy jobs. That tells me, from my experience as vice president, we can do it without banning fracking. In fact, Dana -- Dana, excuse me, I cast the tie-breaking vote that actually increased leases for fracking --

As vice president. So, I'm very clear about where I stand.

What I have seen is that we can -- we can grow and we can increase a thriving clean energy economy without banning fracking.

Northern part of Central America.

Yeah.

Well, first of all, the root causes work that I did as vice president, that I was asked to do by the president has actually resulted in a number of benefits, including historic investments by American businesses in that region. The number of immigrants coming from that region has actually reduced since we've began that work.

But I will say this: That Joe Biden and I and our administration worked with members of the United States Congress on an immigration issue that is very significant to the American people and to our security, which is the border. And through bipartisan work, including some of the most conservative members of the United States Congress, a bill was crafted which we supported, which I support.

And Donald Trump got word of this bill that would've -- that contributed to securing our border. And because he believes that it would not have helped him politically, he told his folks in Congress, "Don't put it forward." He killed the bill, a border security bill that would've put 1,500 more agents on the border.

And let me tell you something. The Border Patrol endorsed the bill. And I'm sure --

And I'm sure in large part because they knew they were working around the clock, and 1,500 more agents would help them. That bill would have allowed us to increase seizures of fentanyl. Ask any community in America that has been devastated by fentanyl what passing that bill would have done to address their concern and a pain they've experienced --

Not only push it, I will make sure that it comes to my desk and I would sign it.

I believe there should be consequence. We have laws that have to be followed and enforced that address and deal with people who cross our border illegally. And there should be consequence. And let's be clear, in this race, I'm the only person who has prosecuted transnational criminal organizations who traffic in guns, drugs, and human beings.

I'm the only person in this race who actually served a border state as attorney general to enforce our laws. And I would enforce our laws as president going forward. I recognize the problem.

Dana, I think the -- the most important and most significant aspect of my policy perspective and decisions is my values have not changed. You mentioned the Green New Deal. I have always believed and I have worked on it, that the climate crisis is real, that it is an urgent matter to which we should apply metrics that include holding ourselves to deadlines around time.

We did that with the Inflation Reduction Act. We have set goals for the United States of America and, by extension, the globe around when we should meet certain standards for reduction of greenhouse gas emissions, as an example. That value has not changed. My value around what we need to do to secure our border, that value has not changed.

I spent two terms as the attorney general of California prosecuting transnational criminal organizations, violations of American laws regarding the passage, illegal passage of guns, drugs, and human beings across our border. My values did not change. So, that is the reality of it. And four years of being vice president, I'll tell you, one of the -- the -- the aspects to your point is traveling the country extensively.

I mean, I'm here in Georgia, I think somebody told me 17 times since I've been vice president in Georgia alone. I believe it is important to build consensus, and it is important to -- to find a common place of understanding of where we can actually solve problems.

Yes, I would.

Yes, I would. No, no one in particular in mind. I got -- we got 68 days to go with this election, so I'm not putting the cart before the horse. But I would. I think -- I think it's really important. I -- I have spent my career inviting diversity of opinion. I think it's important to have people at the table when some of the most important decisions are being made that have different views, different experiences.

And I think it would be to the benefit of the American public to have a member of my cabinet who is a Republican.

OK.

Yeah.

Same old, tired playbook. Next question, please.

That's it.

Let me be very clear. I'm unequivocal and -- and unwavering in my commitment to Israel's defense and its ability to defend itself. And that's not going to change. But let's take a step back. October 7, 1,200 people are massacred, many young people who are simply attending a musical festival. Women were horribly raped.

As I said then, I say today, Israel had a right -- has a right to defend itself. We would. And how it does so matters. Far too many innocent Palestinians have been killed. And we have got to get a deal done. We -- we were in Doha. We have to get a deal done. This war must end --

And we must get a deal that is about getting the hostages out. I've met with the families of the American hostages. Let's get the hostages out. Let's get the ceasefire done.

No. I -- we have to get a deal done. Dana, we have to get a deal done. When you look at the significance of this to the families, to the people who are living in that region -- it -- a deal is not only the right thing to do to end this war but will unlock so much of what must happen next. I remain committed, since I've been on October 8, to what we must do to work toward a two-state solution where Israel is secure and in equal measure the -- the Palestinians have security and self-determination and -- and dignity.

No, not at all. Not at all. I have served with President Biden for almost four years now. And I'll tell you, it's one of the greatest honors of my career, truly. He cares so deeply about the American people. He is so smart and -- and loyal to the American people. And I have spent hours upon hours with him, be it in the Oval Office or the Situation Room.

He has the intelligence, the commitment, and the judgment and disposition that, I think, the American people rightly deserve in their president. By contrast, the former president has none of that. And so -- one, I -- I am so proud to have served as vice president to Joe Biden. And, two, I am so proud to be running with Tim Walz for president of the United States and to bring America what I believe the American people deserve, which is a new way forward, and turn the page on the last decade of what I believe has been contrary to where the spirit of our country really lies.

I'm talking about an era that started about a decade ago where there is some suggestion, warped I believe it to be, that the measure of the strength of a leader is based on you beat down instead of where I believe most Americans are, which is to believe that the true measure of the strength of a leader is based on who you lift up.

That's what's at stake as much as any other detail that we could discuss in this election.

It was -- it was a Sunday, so, here, I'll -- I'll give you a little too much information.

My family was staying with us. And -- including my baby nieces. And we had just had pancakes and, you know, "Auntie, can I have more bacon?" "Yes, I'll make you more bacon." And then, we were going to sit -- we were sitting down to -- to do a puzzle. And the phone rang, and it was Joe Biden. And -- and he told me what he had decided to do.

And I asked him, "Are you sure?" And he said, "Yes." And -- and that's how I learned about it.

He was very clear that he was going to support me.

Well, my first thought was not about me, to be honest with you. My first thought was about him, to be honest. I think history is going to show a number of things about Joe Biden's presidency. I think history is going to show that in so many ways it was transformative, be it on what we have accomplished around finally investing in America's infrastructure, investing in new economics, in new industries; what we have done to bring our allies back together and have confidence in who we are as America and grow that alliance; what we have done to stand true to our principles including the -- one of the most important international rules and norms, which is the importance of sovereignty and territorial integrity.

And I think history is going to show not only has Joe Biden led an administration that has achieved those extraordinary successes, but the character of the man is one that he has been in his life and career, including as a president, quite selfless and puts the American people first.

Yes.

Yes.

You know, I -- listen, I am running because I believe that I am the best person to do this job at this moment for all Americans, regardless of race and gender. But I did see that photograph. And I was deeply touched by it. And, you're right, she's -- it's the back of her head, and her two little braids, and -- and then I'm in the front of the photograph, obviously, speaking.

It's very humbling. It's very humbling in many ways.

Oh, she had a lot to talk about. She had a lot. She listened to everything. And she listens to everything.

Oh, yeah, definitely.

Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you, Dana. Thank you.