America, we know what Donald Trump has in mind: more chaos, more division. I offer a different path and I ask for your vote. D.L. it's Kamala. Can you hear me?

Hi. Yeah, I am very well. I am very well.

You know, the state of the race is that I do believe we are going to win, but it will be because we are taking every minute seriously and talking with folks about the stakes, reminding them of the power of their voice and not to let any circumstance or situation silence their power. And you know, ultimately I do believe that this is really about a fight for the future.

And most folks want to be able to dictate what the future of their country looks like.

I think the biggest difference is probably that I believe in the ambition, the aspirations, and the dreams of the American people. And I work hard to invest in that, whether it be giving people the opportunity for home ownership, with my plan, to give first-time home buyers a $25,000 down payment assistance.

Whether it be my knowledge of how our small businesses are part of the economic fabric of our communities and the economic backbone of America's economy, and so extending tax relief from $5,000 to $50,000 for our small businesses, including for our start-ups, $20,000 nonrefundable loans to help people buy the equipment or set up the website that is necessary for their business to actually be successful.

My plan is about investing $6,000 in the first year of a child's life, knowing that those young parents have a natural desire to parent their children well, but not always the resources. And that money will not only help them buy a car seat or a crib but would actually lift American children out of poverty.

So, these are the ways that I think about the world. And I'll tell you, D.L., you know me well enough to know I am a hard worker.

I believe in getting things done. I --

That's true.

You are so right.

Because first of all, I know that our men have all kinds of talent, ideas, work ethic, but we know for historical reasons, and the current situation is that they don't always have access to the resources and the opportunities that allow them to actually achieve their ambition and their goals. And I -- you know, I mean I grew up with and around Black men.

I know what I'm talking about. And as vice president and as and soon-to-be, with everyone's help, president, I know that we have to do better. And it has to be about not only understanding the economic dreams and desires that are more than just getting a job, I mean we have historic low Black unemployment, but it's more than that.

Brothers want the opportunity to build wealth to buy the car they want to drive, to get their kids the Christmas gifts that the kids want, to take their family on a nice vacation from time to time. So, my agenda, and informed agenda, and you are right, with the contribution of so many leaders, has been about a wealth-creation agenda.

It is about seeing Black men in the whole picture of who they are. So, a lot of my agenda is also about dealing with health concerns. I have a whole health initiative for Black men that I will implement as president that deals with the fact that our men have higher rates of colon cancer and prostate cancer and are less likely to get early detection and therefore treatment.

And I want to deal with that because it does not have to be this way. I know that our men are fathers and grandfathers and uncles and brothers, and they want to be recognized for the work that they do, be it taking care of their elder parents. And so, part of my agenda is to say Medicare should help cover the cost of home health care for our seniors, so that that gentleman does not have to leave his job to take care of his parents.

This is how I think about it. And it is not just about just checking a box or a political agenda. It's about what I know actually makes the country stronger for everyone.

Well, I'm about solutions. They want to run on problems for their political -- and Donald Trump wants to run, in particular, on this problem so that he can score points by scaring people instead of fixing a problem. I supported a bipartisan bill to strengthen the border, to put 1,500 more border agents at the border, deal with the flow of fentanyl, which is killing so many people across every demographic, Black, white, from every different region of the country.

But he killed that bill because he wants it to be a problem, so he can run on it because he otherwise has nothing to run on that's about a positive plan for America. And D.L., you know this, I have prosecuted transnational criminal organizations. I have prosecuted cartels, the Sinaloa cartel, others.

I know what I'm talking about. I am always going to put as my highest order of business to make sure our border is secure. And at the same time, I also know we need a comprehensive plan for a pathway for citizenship of people who are hardworking dreamers, farm workers who are prepared to do the hard work to earn their citizenship.

And I know we can do both. It's a false choice to say it's one or the other. But it has to be about genuinely wanting to fix a problem, which I do. Donald Trump wants to run on that problem.

Oh, D.L. But, I mean, on all seriousness, you've been using your voice and your show to really just make sure that everybody knows their power. And I thank you for your leadership in that way and in so many others. I really do.

That's two days to go. I appreciate you so much, D.L. Hughley.

I really appreciate you. Thank you. I'll talk to you soon.

All right. Bye-bye.