The vice president of the United States of America.

And --

And -- and I am a wife.

I have -- we have children. I am a godmommy. I am an auntie. I am a best friend. I am a good cook.

I cook just about everything. You know, today I picked up some tasso and some andouille sausage to take back to DC with me.

And -- and I -- I am a fighter for the people.

I care about the people.

So, I am a child of parents who met when they were active in the Civil Rights Movement, marching and fighting for justice. I grew up in a community where it was an extended family of people who told all of us as children we are young, gifted, and Black; that we could do anything; that there was no boundary or border to what we could pursue or believe; and that we have a duty.

It's not about that you have the charity, it's about duty to give back to your community, to know that you've been pulled up, and each one must then pull one. And so, living a life of service is something that --

I was raised to feel a sense of responsibility to do, as do all of us, in various ways. And for me, it's in elected office.

Yes. I was -- I was born in Oakland, California.

I am also a proud HBCU graduate. It must be noted, the first HBCU vice president of the United States.

You know.

Yes.

Well, there are a number of things. I was -- so, in extended family, my -- our second mother, Ms. Regina Shelton, and my Shelton -- my Louisiana family is here. She was from Palmetto.

They were here earlier.

There they are. And we -- I grew up -- we grew up -- I lived -- we lived in the apartment above --

Ms. Shelton's nursery school.

So, she ran the nursery school.

And she was part of that flow of folks from the South that moved to California.

So, she ran this nursery school, we lived in the apartment on top, and she was a matriarch for the community. And we would work at the nursery school as young -- young people. And I would watch Ms. Shelton as she would nurture and advise a young mother. I would watch her as she would counsel young parents on how to get through when times were rough.

And I would see -- and I saw in my mother the same type of person, my uncles, the same type of people. You know, my Uncle Sherman was one of the first Black graduates of Berkeley Law School, who, every time anybody in the community had a problem, they'd say, "Call Sherman. Sherman will help you figure that out."

And so, I was raised by and among a bunch of people who really felt a responsibility --

to give and to serve.

And it was expected of all of us that we would do the same.

And that is the life I have chosen to live.

That's right, for every reason.

Yup.

It is.

Caroline --

And everybody here, this is probably the most significant election of our lifetime. You know, we have said it every four years, but this here one is it. We are looking at an election that will take place in 122 days --

Where, on one side, you have the former president, who is running to become president again, who has openly talked about his admiration of dictators and his intention to be a dictator on day one, who has openly talked about his intention to weaponize the Department of Justice against his political enemies, who has talked about being proud of taking from the women of America a most fundamental right to make decisions about your own body.

And then, last week, understand -- sadly, the press has not been covering it as much as they should in proportion to the seriousness of what just happened, when the United States Supreme Court essentially told this individual who has been convicted of 34 felonies that he will be immune from essentially the activity he has told us he is prepared to engage in if he gets back into the White House.

Understand what we all know. In 122 days, we each have the power to decide what kind of country we want to live in. Understand what we know when there has been a full-on intentional attack against hard-fought, hard-won freedoms and rights. When I talk about the family that raised me, yes, they took me in a stroller as they were marching and shouting for justice, knowing that justice will not be achieved unless we are prepared to march and shout and fight for it.

And one of the ways we do that is through our vote. This here, election, let's think about the significance of the United States Supreme Court. Two years ago and some days now, we commemorated a decision by the United States Supreme Court, the Dobbs decision, that undid the protections of Roe v. Wade.

Understand how that happened. The former president who wants to be president again hand-selected three members of the United States Supreme Court with the intention that they would undo the protections of Roe v. Wade. And they did as he intended. The court of Thurgood and RBG took a most fundamental right, the right to make decisions about your own body.

And on this subject, I think we all believe and know, one does not have to abandon their faith and deeply held beliefs to agree the government should not be telling her what to do with her body. If she chooses, she will talk with her priest or her pastor, her rabbi, her imam, but the government should not be telling her what to do.

Understand that the former president who is up for reelection has said he is proud of what has happened, proud of the fact that our daughters will have fewer rights than their grandmothers; that we have seen in state after state, they're passing laws, punishing health care providers -- in Texas, providing for prison for life for a doctor or nurse who provides reproductive care.

Understand laws being passed and proposed that make no exception for rape or incest. Caroline, you asked me about the things that have influenced my career --

So, many of you know, I was a prosecutor. You may not know one of the reasons why. When I was in high school, I learned that my best friend was being molested by her stepfather. And I -- when I learned, I said to her, "You have to come live with us." I called up my mother. My mother said, "Of course, she does."

And she came, and she lived with us. So, I decided at a young age, I wanted to take on what I could do to protect women and children against violence. The idea that these so-called leaders would be passing laws that make no exception for rape and incest, that are essentially telling a survivor of a crime of violence to their body, a violation of their body, that they have no right to make a decision about what happens to their body next? That's immoral.

And that's what's happening in our country right now. You look at the taking of fundamental freedoms and right. In Georgia, passed a law to deny people and make it more difficult to have freedom to access to the ballot, passed a law that makes it illegal to essentially give people food and water for standing in line to vote.

The hypocrisy abounds. What happened to love thy neighbor?

Look at what they're doing.

And all of this is at stake.

Right.

All right.

Yeah.

Yeah.

Yeah.

There are many ways. But in 122 days, it's your vote. I mean, here's the thing about elections. And this is maybe the inside deal that my -- my former colleagues at the Congressional Black Caucus can tell you. The people who make decisions at that level often will pay attention to either who's writing the checks or who votes.

That's a cold, hard reality. And so, when we vote, that is, in a democracy, as long as we can hold on to it, the power that we have as individuals to weigh in on who is making decisions based on what we value and care about. You know, I'll give you an example of why elections matter --

And there are many.

The issue of Black maternal mortality.

So, I have been working on that issue for years with my colleagues from the CBC when I was in the Senate and now as vice president. Why? Because Black women in the United States of America are three to four times more likely to die in connection with childbirth than other women. And we know that there are a variety of reasons for that.

But we also know that this is a health care crisis of the highest order that has received very little attention proportionate to the seriousness of the matter. So, I worked with my colleagues when I was in the Senate. We passed a number of bills. And when I came into the United States -- when I came in as vice president, I continued to work on it.

And one of the things I found is this, that I was looking at -- well, from -- for women on Medicaid, which states are providing for postpartum care not just for two months, but for up to 12 months. And I realized when I came in as vice president, only three states would extend Medicaid coverage for postpartum care from two months to 12 months.

I -- I don't have a problem shaming people sometimes, so I challenged the states to extend it. And now, 46 states have extended Medicaid coverage for postpartum care. There is a direct connection between this and Black maternal mortality. But here's the other thing, back to the other point about freedom of choice.

The majority of Black women in America live in the South. You know that in the South, we have some of the highest rates of Black maternal mortality. In the South, except for the state of Virginia, every state has an abortion ban. And what I find hypocrisy upon hypocrisy by some of these extremists is the same ones saying they're passing these abortion bans because they care about women and children have been completely silent on the issue of Black maternal mortality.

So, don't come to us gaslighting us about where you've been and where you haven't been on important issues that relate to -- to what we know every day affects our sisters, our mothers, our aunties, our grandmothers, and could affect our daughters.

So, I'm going to -- what we know is that you can have an idea of what will happen when you look at what has happened. So, I'd ask people in the room to raise your hand if you relieft -- student loan debt relief because you voted in 2020, and Joe Biden and I came in office and were able to forgive billions of dollars of student loan debt, understanding how it impacts all communities and especially ours.

I would ask anyone to -- to think, and you don't have to tell anybody about this, have you or a family member suffered from medical debt? We are in the process of saying that no longer can medical debt be counted against your credit score. Right. Because, you see, we came in office, and we knew -- because we -- we are of and care about the people as opposed to the richest billionaires, which is who the former president gave a tax cut to and then created one of the largest deficits our country has ever seen.

We know medical debt comes about because often -- most often, a medical emergency, which nobody invites upon themselves or plans for. And it can result in tens to hundreds of thousands of dollars in expenses that you did not plan for and create debt and then would be used against your credit score. What is your credit?

Most people know the number of their credit score like, you know, your weight, especially with all those apps now, right?

But the credit score makes a decision then about who's eligible for a car loan or a small-business loan or getting an apartment lease.  And what's wrong about medical debt being used in the credit score is the credit score is supposed to be a measure of whether you're responsible with money.

A medical emergency is not about that issue.  What we have done to cap the cost of insulin at $35 a month. Raise your hand if you have a family member who has diabetes. Right.

And what we know is that Black folks are 60 percent more likely to be diagnosed with diabetes. We capped the cost of insulin at $35 month. We have finally allowed Medicare to negotiate drug prices with the big pharmaceutical companies to bring the costs down. So, I say look at what we've done to know that when you voted in record numbers -- people voted in record numbers in 2020.

This is what was able to happen. And when everyone votes in those numbers again in 122 days, we can see it through. And seeing it through includes what we intend to do to raise federal minimum wage, what we intend to do to bring down the costs and make affordable childcare a reality for all families.

We have said 7 percent of your income should be -- not more than 7 percent of your income should have to go for child care. What we are in the process of doing for affordable housing, both for renters and those who want to be first-time homeowners, we have a plan. We need Congress to agree that if you are first -- the first generation your family to seek homeownership, you'll get a $25,000 tax credit to help you with the down payment.

That's right.

Right.

That's right.

That's right.

First, you've already said it, but I will say it to repeat because it bears repeating all the time. We -- you -- we have extraordinary power. And we can never let anybody take our power from us.  Never let anybody take our power from us. And never be shy about our power.

We must encourage in each other ambition. Ambition is a good thing. It is good to know one's power and then to go for what you want, knowing you can achieve it. That is very important. We do not need to step quietly.

And -- but -- and never we -- and never -- and never allow the circumstances or the situation that we know we experience, whether it be pay gaps or anything else, to make us feel small or alone. I'll say, in particular, to the younger women who are here. You are, on many occasions in your life, going to be in a room where you will be the only one that looks like you or has had your life experience.

And what I demand of you is that you always walk in those rooms with your chin up and your shoulders back, knowing everybody here is in that room with you expecting that you will carry the voice that is the strength and power of your voice. I will beseech you. Don't you ever hear something can't be done.

People in your life will tell you, "Oh, it's not your time. It's not your turn. Nobody like you has done it before." One of the things I love is they'll say, "Oh, it's going to be a lot of hard work."

Don't you ever listen to that. I like to say I eat no for breakfast. I don't hear no. I don't hear no, and don't do either.

That's right.

That's right.