Thank you. Hello, everyone. Hi, ladies.

It's wonderful to see you, all of you.

Yes, yes.

Yeah.

Yes.

Kind of.

So, I'll set the scene for you.

So, it was a Sunday and our family, my niece, her husband, and their two daughters, were staying with us. And I had promised them that Sunday, Auntie was going to make pancakes and bacon and we were going to have a really --

And, you know, the kids wake up. The girls, they're six and eight. They were at the time they wake up early. We always wake up the first.

So, they come knocking on the door, and we have our quiet time in the morning, just me and the girls.

And so, I went to work out, and I had on cooking shows. And they were asking me, "Auntie, what's that ingredient? What's that ingredient?" And they're playing while I'm working out, make breakfast. We sit down. We're having breakfast, and we'd been working on a puzzle. So, they wanted more bacon, got more bacon. And then -- you know how it goes.

And so, then we had a puzzle. So, we went back up to work on the puzzle. I'm still in my workout clothes.

And we're working on the puzzle, and the phone rings.

So, I said, "Auntie will be right back." And it was the president, and he told me his decision. And I'll tell you the first thing I asked him is, "Are you sure?" Because what a big decision.

And historic.

And -- and we talked for a while. Meanwhile, I -- I went back into the room where the girls were, and I'm like, "Go get your father!" Because I knew he'd be up somewhere. And so, we laughed afterwards. Nik, as their father, we laughed that Amara the elder one was kind of like Paul Revere. And Leela, the younger one, was Paul Revere's horse.

But, you know -- so, there were these -- it was a real split-screen obviously. And then the rest of the day was -- I mean, it was -- it was surreal. I'll tell you, honestly, one of the first people I called was my pastor. I mean, I needed to talk to God --

You know, and -- and to pray. It was -- I understood in real time what was happening. And, obviously, then, it really set in in the hours and days to come. But --

It was quite a day.

Thank you. Thank you. I'm glad to be with you.

Yeah.

Well, we're obviously two different people, and we have a lot of shared life experiences. For example, the way we feel about our family and our parents and so on. But we're also different people, and I will bring those sensibilities to -- to how I lead. You know, for example, I know we're going to talk today, but one of the issues that I'm very focused on is what we do around home health care.

I have done a lot of work as it relates to, sadly, but violence against women and children. I care a lot about that. I love our small businesses. My mother raised my sister and me predominantly, but we had what we called a second mother who lived two houses down who helped my mother raise us. She was a small business owner.

I love our small businesses. And -- and so, the influence of a personal experience will have its impact on the presidency.

There is not a thing that comes to mind in terms of -- and I've been a part of -- of -- of most of the decisions that have had impact.

The work that we have done, for example, capping the cost of insulin at $35 a month for our seniors is something I care deeply about; about allowing Medicare to negotiate drug prices --

And bring the cost of prescription medication down for -- for seniors. But my intention is to expand that for all Americans. The work we have done to invest in American industries, whether it be in terms of manufacturing and creating almost 800,000 new jobs around manufacturing. Those were all a shared priority.

There you go.

Yeah.

Well, it's profound, and it is the height of irresponsibility and, frankly, callousness. So, lives are literally at stake right now. I -- I traveled to Georgia and to North Carolina after Hurricane Helene. In Georgia, I met a woman who, just days earlier, her husband was killed in their home by a fallen tree.

Days later, I met with her and her daughter. You can imagine the pain, the shock that they are still in about what they experienced, what they witnessed. I mean, we're talking about real human beings and their lives and them losing everything.

Everything. This woman lost her husband. Her child lost her father. People are losing their home with no hope of ever being able to reconstruct or return. And the idea that somebody would be playing political games for the sake of himself -- but this is so consistent about Donald Trump. He puts himself before the needs of others.

I -- I fear that he really lacks empathy on a very basic level --

To care about the suffering of other people and then understand the role of a leader is -- is not to beat people down, it's to lift people up --

Especially in a time of crisis.

Well, first of all, I have called and talked with, in the course of this crisis, this most recent crisis, Democrat and Republican governors. Called, taken the call, answered the call, had a conversation. So, obviously, this is not an issue that is about partisanship or politics for certain leaders but maybe as for others.

What you also know and the issue of what's about to hit Florida -- and you're a live show, so I just can't stress enough. This hurricane coming to Florida is --

It is -- and predicted to be historic in terms of how serious and devastating it will be. And I -- I urge every and anybody who is watching or has family members in that area, please, please, please take seriously your local officials' admonition to you. If they're telling you to evacuate, get your stuff and go.

If they're -- whatever they're telling you. Because, you know, we've got to -- you know, Floridians, tough folks, been through a lot, but this is going to be different than they've been before. And I know a lot of folks might think I've been through this.

I grew up here. I've seen it all. I'll be fine. This one is going to be different, and that's why I called the governor about what Florida has received in terms of impact. We have to have an agreement that, at some point, we all need to work together to combine resources, especially federal, state, and local resources around these kinds of disasters.

And I think it's a shame that that hasn't happened. But look, it has at the local level and with, you know, other state elected so --

And here's the thing. Here's -- here's the thing you should know on that point. And when I'm president, I will continue to call him to see what he needs for help.

Yeah.

Yeah.

Well, let me just add to your list. I mean.

Exactly. How much time do you have.

Including he has said he would terminate the Constitution of the United States.

And, Joy, here's what I'd say. Look, I just recently did an event with Liz Cheney, the former Congresswoman.

Her father, the former vice president, Dick Cheney, has supported me.

There are over 200 former members of both Bush presidencies, John McCain, Mitt Romney, who have endorsed me. Leading thinkers in the national security space are supporting me.  And, frankly, one of the things that I'm very proud of that we have done collectively is we really are building a coalition around some very fundamental issues, including that we love our country and that we have to put country before party.

We have to -- we have to agree about the sanctity of the oath we take to defend the Constitution of the United States; to support the Constitution of the United States. And I do believe the closer we get to the election, the more that people reflect on what's at stake, including the fact that the former president tried to undo the will of the people in a free and fair election on January 6th, led what was a violent Attack on the United States Capitol.

A hundred and forty law enforcement -- uniformed law enforcement officers were attacked. Some died. I have seen from people who are former Trump supporters who are supporting me that that was a bridge too far. And back to the point about even the hurricanes that are -- one that's about to hit Florida, what has already hit.

I think people are exhausted, and they're exhausted with the -- the lies. They're exhausted with the selfishness. They're exhausted with the attempt to divide us as Americans. And they're ready to turn the page and chart a new way forward.

And I feel very optimistic about that.

Yeah.

Sure. Well, first of all, to your point, when we first came into office hours after we were inaugurated, we -- the first bill we offered before infrastructure, before bringing down the cost of prescription medications, it was to fix our broken immigration system. And it never got taken up, in large part, for political reasons because solutions are at hand, and we need to fix the problem.

Then to your point, a bipartisan group of members of the United States Congress, including some of the most conservative members, worked together with our support to craft the most serious and strong border security bill we've seen in years. Donald Trump got word of it and told them, "Don't put the bill up for a vote," because he didn't want a solution because he preferred to run on a problem instead of fixing a problem.

So, then we had to do, in addition to what we've done since day one in trying to strengthen the border -- we took further action in terms of executive action. We have seen illegal immigration reduced by half the -- the intake of fentanyl, reduced by half. But ultimately, if we want a real fix to this, Congress has to act.

We need -- for example, in that bill, we would have put 1,500 more border agents at the border, which is why the Border Patrol supported it. I went down to the border. And let me tell you, these border agents are working around the clock. They're trying as hard as they can. They need more resources. I have personally prosecuted transnational criminal organizations for the trafficking of guns, drugs and human beings.

I have taken on the cartels. I've prosecuted the cartels. I understand the serious nature of this issue and the need to fix it. And solutions are at hand, but again, Donald Trump prefers to run on problems instead of fixing problems. He's not solution-oriented. And again, I will invite people. If you really need to know how he thinks since he doesn't do these kinds of interviews, watch his rallies.

He spends full time engaged in grievance about what has happened to him.

He spends full time perpetuating lies and misinformation. He spends full time talking about fictional characters, you know? I mean --

And name-calling and demeaning people, belittling people. But what he does not talk about is you. He does not talk about what you need. He does not talk about what your parents need, what your children's need. That's not what he talks about. He doesn't talk about your child's needs. He talks about his needs.

And I think, again, back to the point, in this election, people are ready for a new generation of leadership that's about fixing problems.

Yeah.

Bless you. Bless you.

Yeah.

So, Sunny, like you, I took care of my mother when she was sick. She was diagnosed with cancer. And so, it is a personal experience for me as well as something I care deeply about. You know, taking care of a -- a parent, you know, that means trying to cook what they want to eat --

What they can eat. It means picking out clothes for them that isn't soft enough that it doesn't irritate their skin, right? It means trying to think of something funny to -- to make them laugh or smile.

And there's so much about that that really is about giving folks dignity. And to your point about being in the sandwich generation, there are so many people in our country who are right in the middle. They're taking care of their kids, and they're taking care of their aging parents. And it's just almost impossible to do it all, especially if they work.

We're finding that so many are then having to leave their job, which means losing a source of income, not to mention the emotional stress. And so, what I am proposing is that, basically, what we will do is allow Medicare to cover in-home health care.

Right.

Because we're talking about these kinds of things where it's just about helping an aging parent or person, you know, prepare a meal, you know, put their sweater on. And it's about dignity for that individual.

It's about independence for that individual.

I mean, people are of declining skills to some extent, but their dignity has -- their pride has not declined. They want to -- they want to stay in their home. They don't want to go somewhere else. Plus, for the family to send them to a residential care facility, to hire somebody, is so expensive.

And -- and I'll just say -- well, here's the other thing about it. You know, people say, "Well, how are you going to pay for it?" Here -- here's the thing. Here's how we pay for it. Part of what I also intend to do is allow Medicare to continue to negotiate drug prices against these big pharmaceutical companies, which means we are going to save Medicare the money because we're not going to be paying these high prices.

And that -- those resources are best then put in a way that helps a family like the one you are describing.

Which we have already done with insulin.

It absolutely can be done. And it has -- it has to be about just seeing what's happening. And -- and it's such a burden that's emotional, financial, physical -- care is about physical work.

And -- and helping people do what they rightly want and need to be able to do.

Right.

So, part of the reason for my plan is that this is about Medicare because, otherwise, people have to spend down everything they've got to only be able to eligible -- be eligible for the care they need as a Medicaid recipient, which means they have to spend down everything.

Basically, you know, feel like they're going broke in order to qualify for Medicaid assistance. So, that's why my plan is about Medicare. So, that can coexist with insurance, but it is a way to help people actually not just get by but get ahead.

And again, the core of this is about just practical solutions, common-sense solutions. I mean, that's really how I come at most of the -- the things I work on and the things I intend to work on as president.

Bipartisan -- listen, I plan on having a Republican in my cabinet.

Right. You -- you asked me what's the difference between Joe Biden and me? Well, that will be one of the differences. I'm going to have a Republican in my cabinet because I don't -- I don't feel burdened by letting pride get in the way of a good idea.

Right?

Yeah.

OK.

Oh, my God. I haven't seen that.

I haven't seen that.

Oh, it's so good. But Maya Rudolph, I mean, she's so good.

She's so good. She had the whole thing, the suit, the jewelry. Everything.

Right.

Of course. Of course.

Of course, I will. Of course, I will.

Oh, Whoopi.