It's my day one priority, which is to build up the middle class and build up our seniors. I know that one of the big issues, one of the greatest issues, that folks are facing is the need for us to lower costs. My approach is very practical, and I think very commonsense. In terms of the price of groceries, one of the issues that we've seen is the price-gouging issue, where bad actors actually hike up the cost of everyday essentials, including groceries, and take advantage of people who are in desperate situations created by an emergency.

I'm going to go after that.

I believe Social Security is a sacred social contract that we have made with the seniors of America. I will always -- as I always have in my career -- fight to ensure that seniors have the dignity they deserve, have the protections they deserve, including the benefits that they've earned and paid for. The way that we're going to deal with it to make sure that the resources and therefore the benefits in the Social Security program are there for seniors is by making billionaires and big corporations pay their fair share in taxes and use that money to protect and strengthen Social Security for the long haul.

First of all, it's personal for me. I helped care for my mother when she was battling cancer. I have learned over many, many years of experience to deeply admire and respect the work that caregivers do. Their work is physical. It is mental. It is emotional. Frankly, I think caregivers really do God's work.

We need to make sure that they receive the dignity in the workplace and in their wages that they deserve because this is essential, critical work. I'm proud that our administration took action to support family caregivers, including offering short-term help to give a primary family caregiver a break -- again, I know what that means -- and also providing a better hospital discharge process.

As president, I will build on these efforts.

Well, it starts with making sure that we protect Social Security, knowing that for our seniors that is their only source of income. The work that I've done over my career has also been to protect pensions. Both the president and I and in my long-standing work understand the need to make sure that people who have earned those benefits are secure and that they are guaranteed.

A big piece of it is allowing Medicare to negotiate the prices. A big piece of it is really just having the willingness and the courage, frankly, to take on Big Pharma, which I have done in my career, both when I was attorney general for two terms and now as vice president. What we know is, my goodness, there have been a number of our seniors who, over the years, have had to get on a bus to go to Canada to get their prescription medication.

Prescription drugs don't have to be as expensive as they are. The prices are based on a design that we've had in our country that protects Big Pharma and allows them to put profit over what is in people's best interest.

I will always fight to protect and strengthen Medicare for this and future generations. That includes securing the Medicare trust fund and making sure that big corporations and the wealthy pay their fair share in taxes, which, by the way, they can afford to pay. Also, if  had succeeded in repealing the ACA , which he tried 60 times to do when in office, he would have brought back the Medicare "donut hole" gap.

AARP was an incredible leader on the donut hole issue. That gap for prescription drugs would be put back in place without the protection of the ACA, not to mention taking away pre­cancer and diabetes screenings, what we fought so successfully for; to get Medicare to make sure that every senior gets a free annual wellness checkup.

I pledge to fight to protect it.

A big part of access is affordability; so is bringing down the cost of prescription drugs for everyone, including seniors. We fought to do that but ran into some roadblocks in Congress. My plan in terms of helping seniors under the age of 65 includes what we would do to save on average as much as $800 a year on premiums.

Also, medical debt has been a big area of focus for me and eliminating medical debt from credit scores, which can be all the difference whether a senior or anyone could get a lease on an apartment, much less all the other things that they need access to.

Maybe my experience as a prosecutor is kicking in, but it's really important to make sure that there are consequences and accountability for age discrimination. You will remember under my opponent's administration, they started to defund offices of civil rights. I'm going to make sure that those offices of civil rights are funded so that the investigations and the consequences for discrimination can occur.

From my days being the DA and then attorney general, I strengthened elder abuse work that included discrimination, going after nursing homes, collaborating with AARP throughout those years and dealing with issues of discrimination that happen around mortgages and reverse mortgages. I also should tell you that I've been doing some work on AI and making sure that employers cannot use AI tools to discriminate against anyone, including older Americans on the job or looking for a job.

Access to high-speed internet is not a luxury, it's a necessity. I'm proud as vice president that we got $90 billion to connect everyone in America to reliable, affordable high-speed internet. I have traveled the country as vice president to rural communities and various communities to make sure that not only is the policy sound and relevant to all communities, including our seniors, but to make sure that the implementation is speedy and happening.

That includes also the work that I did in the leadership around the Affordable Connectivity Program, which has helped 23 million households across the country, including many seniors, save anywhere from $30 to $75 a month on their internet bill.

From my work over many years, going back to when I was elected DA of San Francisco in 2004, I strengthened the elder abuse work that we were doing. We did a lot of outreach. I have too often seen seniors, especially those who are isolated, who may not have family, become susceptible to scams and are reluctant to let anyone know for fear that they will be thought less of. When the bad guys, the fraudsters, know that we're watching and that there will be serious and severe accountability, they are less likely to engage in the behavior because they know that the consequences will be very real.

There are many things, to be honest. My day one priority is to make sure that people are able to live with dignity and have the care that they deserve. I think that over the last decade, and frankly since my opponent hit the scene in this way, there is a perverse notion that the measure of the strength of a leader is based on who you beat down instead of who  lift up. That means doing the work that I've done my whole career to stand up for the rights of older Americans, to deal with cases of elder abuse as well as lifting up their ability to have a good quality of life, including bringing down the cost of prescription drugs.

I will be paying attention to affordable housing. Part of my plan is to build 3 million more housing units before the end of my term. I have many priorities on day one to help our seniors and their children and grandchildren.