Thank you. It is so good to be with you, guys.

Thank you, Matt. Thank you, Steve. Thank you both. I'm so happy to have you here. Thank you. You do me great honor to be here. Thank you.

No. I just have a really bossy best friend who said --

It was a blind date, and she called me up because she and her husband met him and got to know him. And then she just decided that this could work and said to me, "Just go out with him once. Don't google him. Just go out with him."

And it turned out she was right.

And I'm in a very happy marriage, and I'm very thankful to say.

We did. We went out. So, he came to pick me up.

A BMW.

But here's the thing that was actually really funny in retrospect. I get in the car, and he says, "I just need to tell you something." And I'm like, "OK, what's this going to be?" And he said, "I'm a really bad driver."

So, that's how it started. I guess he was just trying to create low expectations. And we went to what turned out to be his one favorite restaurant where everybody knows who he is, which was obviously very smart.

Yeah. So, he could walk in, and they were like, "Hey, Doug."

Uh-huh. Right. Exactly.

Yeah.

I am.

Yes. Yes, I do remember. I do. OK, we want to say our Warriors are always good, whichever era, but that was a very special time. I mean, it was electric. You guys remember it. It was electric. And everybody -- we would take BART to get there and just -- and go. And it was just -- you know, I mean, this is the thing I love about sports in general, but I'm going to say my Warriors, our Warriors is that it really was about bringing, like, all kinds of people from around the Bay Area.

And, you know, the Bay Area is a melting pot, right? All coming in. And that team, I mean, you guys were like the best of the best, legendary, legendary.

What was it like for you, guys?

Richmond, everywhere.

Fillmore, yeah, The Fillmore.

I see you.

We got to be loyal. I just -- I mean, first of all, loyalty as a general matter in life, I think, is one of the most important. Growing up, my mother used to say, "You got to have a code."

And you figure out what your code is. But loyalty -- and then loyalty to your team, right? I mean --

Yeah. You know, I have a little --

Yes, I do.

You got to be loyal to your team. Like, my husband and I have different teams.

Well, he's originally from Jersey, but he moved to LA when he was a teenager. So, most of his fans are LA teams. And so, you know, depending on who's playing, who and what time of the year --

It's very real, like really real, like talking some serious smack.

Oh, it breaks my heart. It breaks my heart. Remember, we used to have all of them.

We used to have all of them, you know, and you just drive by that area. You know, when I go to Oakland, when I go to the Bay Area --

And, you know, if you, like, land at Oakland Airport and just pass Coliseum, it is. It breaks my heart. And good, good teams, right?

That's exactly right.

You're so right. It was part of the economic engine of Oakland.

Exactly. And then the vendors, and it was, you know -- and it was local folks, small businesses. Yeah.

Yeah, it really did.

No. And I'm always going to think -- you know, I mean, Golden State Warriors is Oakland. That's Oakland, right?

Well, one, I don't listen to it. I'm really clear about who I am, and if anybody else is not, they need to go through their own level of therapy. That's not my issue.

My mother was very clear. She was raising two Black girls to be two proud Black women, and that was never -- it was never a question. You know, it's funny because over the years, journalists, some, not most, will want to talk about it. And I say, OK, if you want to have this conversation, I'm prepared to have it, but sit down and get comfortable for a few hours if you want to start talking about race in America, you want to talk about the one-eighth rule.

Right. You want to talk about what it means in terms of who you are perceived to be and the impact that can have on the rest of your life regardless of who you actually are in terms of your God-given capacity and the rights that you have and should have? So, you know, I don't mess with that. I think that's other people trying to figure some stuff out. And they need --

They got to deal with it themselves.

I'll start with this. I am a daughter of divorced parents. My parents were divorced when I was five. And just being very frank and candid with you, when Doug and I started dating, you know, his parents had been married over 60 years. I had to explain to him what it is like to be a child of divorced parents, including that it was really important to me that I knew what he and my relationship would be before I formed a relationship with the kids because that's just, from my perspective and experience, not fair to the children because, you know, children form attachments.

So, I was very intentional about waiting until I knew that, OK, this is a real relationship before I got to know the kids. And then we became, I mean, thick as thieves, and I love those children. They are my children. And, you know, we talk about we have a modern family, and maybe the blessing that I have that not everyone has, although I think everyone should try and work on it, is I have a very close because it is a very respectful relationship with their mother.

No, it's -- but it's not. But it's not. It is not, and you have to work at it.

You have to work at it. You'll be all right. Because here's the thing. Here's the thing that we have to remember. And I know we do and we feel, but we have to be intentional about it because the forces and the emotions will drag us from this point. The most important thing is that our kids grow up healthy.

And, you know, I think of the many things that we role model. Probably, the thing we role model the most that we don't realize is how to form healthy relationships. You know, we teach our kids how to drive. We will sit down and do homework with them. But one of the things we are teaching them every day, and we have to be intentional -- we will not be perfect.

We will fall short. But it's how to develop healthy emotional relationships. One of the ways, especially in that dynamic, when you're talking about my husband's ex-wife, is how to be respectful. And I was very intentional about, for example, knowing that the kids, as they got to know and form relationships with me, would not want to feel like they were somehow being disloyal to their mother.

And I knew that. And so, I was very intentional about always making sure that I was clear with them that -- I would say things like, "Well, how does your mom do it?" You know, I love to cook. How does your mom -- show me how you do -- and just -- and I think that's really important because, you know, this is the thing that, I think, has become clear, especially as I'm now running for president, and this kind of conversations are becoming more prevalent.

Like, what does it mean to be a stepparent? The people who don't get it are understanding is there are a whole lot more of these kinds of relationships than people realize. This is not the 1950s.

Right. It is.

It is. It is. And they're beautiful, and it's a beautiful way to live, to build and grow your family. You know, I talked about it even in my speech at the convention. I have and I grew up with the family that is my family by blood and the family that is my family by love.

That's exactly right.

That's exactly right. I think increasingly, people, especially younger people, understand that, right, that there's the family you're born into, and then there's the family you choose. And it's on you to make a decision about what you want and how you define your family, and you have the right to do that, you know?

Right. And so, Momala came about because of that, because it's Kamala, and then they just got creative with it, and it's Momala.

OK. I believe that the best way the system works is when the power is with the people to then advocate for their needs and have their needs met. So, that's the big macro stepping back, right? One of the ways that the system works to do that -- that the system should work to do that is we have elected representation who represent the people in these state legislatures, which is where laws get passed, or in Congress, which is where the federal laws get passed.

And for the system to work the right way, legislators, these members of the state legislature, let's say your state Senator or your state assembly member or your congressman or your United States senator, will meet with. And they'll have ways of receiving information from the people about what they want.

I think it's really important always that we know our power to organize around what we need. And sometimes, that'll take the form of writing letters. Sometimes, it will take the form of mass protests to make sure the voice of the people is heard by their representative leaders, who then have as their responsibility to write up some legislation that meets the needs of the people.

And then when they write that up, they take a vote in their body if it's a state House or Congress, and if the majority of the people there agree with it, it becomes a law. So, that's how it's supposed to work. I mean, it does connect to what we were talking about earlier, which is then reminding folks they have a right and a right to expect that their leaders will hear them and take seriously their needs.

You know, a lot of -- why I think it's important to talk about our accomplishments on things like we finally let Medicare negotiate drug prices with the big pharmaceutical companies so that we could cap the cost of insulin at $35 a month, you know why that's important? Because forever, that never happened.

And when we explain to people that they kept advocating and kept fighting for it to happen and it did happen, it reminds people, don't give up, keep fighting for the things you know are possible, even if it's never happened before. I think it's important for people to know, you know, when we -- like, for example, I helped write the George Floyd Justice in Policing Act when I was in the United States Senate.

People, by the hundreds of thousands, marched rightly out of pain, out of knowledge, out of commitment that we need to take seriously what we got to do to deal with this system. And so, we couldn't get enough votes to pass it, but we got it that far that we wrote it up, and we got it as far so that, under our administration, the president was able to sign an executive order that put a lot of what we put in the George Floyd Justice in Policing Act into an executive order.

So, at least for federal law enforcement, we're now dealing with no-knock warrants. We're now talking about a national database for police officers who have committed misconduct.

Look, my parents marched for civil rights back in the day. I do believe there is no significant progress that we've made in our country without the people often taking to the streets, going way back to the Civil Rights Act to the Voting Rights Act to, you know, I mean, what's happening now in the streets on choice to what happened around George Floyd's murder and moving forward in the agenda that's about that.

I mean, you could just go through just the different levels of progress that we've had. Often, it has taken people taking to the streets, which is why, look, I support the right of people to peacefully protest. My opponent in this race? You look up Project 2025.

They're literally talking about what they would do to arrest people and deport them because they want to suppress. Part of what really concerns me about this moment in time is we have also defined our progress over the years and, therefore, our strength as being about the expansion of rights, and now, we're seeing a full-on intent to restrict rights.

I strongly believe we have to always be vigilant, meaning whatever gains we've made, they will not be permanent unless we stay on it.

You got to know you can't take any of our rights for granted, and that's why we have to stay active. And that's about voting. That's about being involved in community organizations. That's about having those conversations when everybody gets together, whether it be at the barbershop or around the kitchen table, to remind ourselves about, look, what's happening, and what do we need to do about it?

That's exactly right. But see, they also taught me this. Don't fall asleep on this stuff. Don't fall asleep on it. Don't sit back and get comfortable, like, "Oh, that's done." You know, there's this old saying. It's Coretta Scott King. She said, and I paraphrase it all the time, the fight for civil rights, which she meant the fight for justice, the fight for equality, must be fought and won with each generation.

And I think what she meant is, one, understand whatever gains we make will not be permanent, and two, therefore, you must be vigilant. You got to stay on top of it. And, by the way, don't complain about that.

So, the history of our HBCUs is a phenomenal history, which, again, was born out of struggle and people sitting around saying, we're not going to wait for other people, right? So, there were a collection of people that were White and Black and of many different backgrounds who understood that young Black bright people were not having equal access to top levels of education.

And so, in a nutshell, that's how our HBCUs got formed. I attended Howard University, which is one of the oldest, and it built up over the years with its purpose and mission being to create national and international leaders, had a reputation of doing that because it did that. But over the years, we also know that our students, HBCU students don't necessarily, frankly, make the same kind of incomes that people who go to predominantly White institutions do, don't start out on the same base.

So, even if they are, they're also taking care of their parents. They're also taking care of their younger siblings and don't necessarily have the extra to be able to build for the school, the endowment, which alumni give that ends up funding things like a first-class program.

Be it athletic or scientific or something else. So, a lot of my work, especially in the Senate and now as vice president, has been to increase federal funding to HBCUs because, again, I know they are centers of academic excellence. They are centers of academic excellence but don't necessarily have the same kind of resources.

And so far, we've given now, under our administration, as I've been vice president, 16 billion more dollars to our HBCUs. When I was senator, I was responsible for helping to get billions into upgrading literally the physical structure because they're old. And I think increasingly, to your point, more people are understanding.

It's like we maybe skipped an era, but we're getting back to a place of more people understanding what our HBCUs do and giving more support financially to them. But we have to. I mean, it's an incredible experience to walk on campus, and everybody looks like you. And to go to class and to have a teacher who takes none of your excuses.

That's exactly right. And reminds you that, no, you just have to work harder. You just have to compete. You'll be the class president if you do that. And the other thing that's great about an HBCU, you could be the class president and the football star.

You could be in a sorority and be the head of the science club. Also, the beauty of HBCUs is every signal it sends you is telling you, do not confine yourself to somebody's idea of what it means for you to be a young Black person in America.

Absolutely. First of all, I think the mental health issue is probably one of the biggest public policy failures in our country. We have acted as though health care is -- we've acted as though the body starts from the neck down instead of understanding we need health care also from the neck up. And it has to be done in a way that gives people the dignity and the respect they deserve.

The most effective mental health care is often because it is peer-based. It is without judgment, and it understands people have to be understood for, you know, who they are culturally, who they are in terms of their life experience if you're really going to be able to get into their needs. I worked with a brother here in DC, Kier, who actually has been doing a lot around modeling, in particular.

And I had him come in a couple of years ago, actually. We've been talking about how we focused, in particular, on our Black men and our young Black men because we also have to take the stigma away. And so, part of that is about reminding people. It's just like, you know, if you break your arm or you got a toothache.

This is about health care and helping people understand it's a sign of strength to ask for help, not a sign of weakness because when we talk about mental health care, a lot of it, especially for people who have experienced trauma, we're talking about pain. And we understand physical pain. Take an aspirin, whatever.

But we don't deal with mental and emotional pain in the same way. And here's the thing. First of all, look, growing up in poverty, trauma-inducing.

Growing up around, you know, any form of violence which crosses socioeconomic lines, by the way, so let's not act as though it's just low-income people.

Everywhere. Trauma-inducing. And the thing about it is, you know, when we talk about post-traumatic stress disorder, right, what happens when you've been repeatedly exposed to trauma, somebody explained it to me years ago. It's oversimplified, but I'm going to offer you this. So, imagine you're walking across a busy street every day, and a Mack truck comes barreling down.

You will produce, basically, a response. Without even reflection, you'll jump back. If every day, you're walking across the street, you overproduce the thing so that one day, you're walking across that street, that Mack truck has come barreling down, you see it, and you keep walking. And then we start talking about our young people don't have emotions.

As though they've chosen to not have emotion. And we don't realize that a lot of it is physiological. Literally, it's how the body learns to protect itself. And for our youngest children then, what does that mean? They start acting out in class. What happens? They get kicked out of class. They're the bad kid.

They start self-identifying that way, and we know where that leads. A lot of the work I did years ago when I was actually DA of San Francisco was focused on a project that we -- it ended up developing itself into what we call the San Francisco Wellness Center, which was focused on early detection of childhood trauma so that we could get the diagnosis going for the treatment, right? Because if you don't diagnose it, you can't treat it.

And I actually brought in mental health care professionals to talk with public school teachers about it, like, this is what you're seeing in the classroom, and help people put a label on it as the first step to diagnosing it and then getting into treatment. And during the time I've been vice president, I was part of the work we've done on gun violence.

We've put now millions of extra dollars in public schools to put more mental health professionals in our public schools. But we need to do a lot more because, again, it just needs to be diagnosed and treated, right? And understanding this is not about some child who is bad. It's not some child who wants to act out.

It's not -- this is not a choice that child is making. And it's not a choice this child is making. They're actually in pain, and it manifests itself in ways that are antisocial, potentially. But the child's in pain.

Right.

Well, No. 1 rule: Don't read the comments.

I'm serious. Don't read the comments. Let's start there. I work out every morning. I work out every morning. For me, it's just mind, body, and spirit. I think it's really important for everybody. We all have our levels of stress. Everybody does, right? Be intentional about who you have in your life to the extent you can and, in particular, for our young people who may not know that they have a right to be intentional about, do you have people in your life who applaud your success? Do you have people in your life who you trust? Do you have people in your life who, when you trip and fall, they laugh with you, and then they pick you up and push you back out there? There are people that you know who will be those people if you choose to have them.

I am blessed to have an incredible family and incredible friends. My best friend from kindergarten is still one of my best friends.

Right? Stacey Johnson.

We used to go to the clubs in her father's Seville. And so, I think that's part of it, right, because you do need the support to deal with it. And especially, I mean, people who are active on social media. It's hard out there.

It's tough. And you have to find things. Like, I love to cook. I love to cook. And it's a way for me to -- one, I think for me, it's a great gift I can give the people I love. But also, you know, it's like I start out, I know what I'm going to make, and then I'm done, and I can give it to people. And it just gives me something to do that is a productive use of time, you know? And I think people, you know, choose hobbies, think about what it is that you like to do that takes your mind off of the stresses. That is also productive, right?

So, look, I grew up -- so my sister and I were raised by our mother. We lived for a long time in an apartment on top of a child care center. That child care center was actually owned by a woman who lived two doors down from us, Mrs. Shelton, who was, by all of our accounts and feelings, our second mother.

She helped raise us. And so, she was a small business owner. So, I'll start with the small business, and congratulations on what you guys have done.

I, from a child, knew who our small business owners are, right? I mean, you're business leaders, but you're also civic leaders. You take seriously your voice and how you can mentor, how you can grow, right, communities and the sense of communities. I love our small businesses, and so a lot of my work in terms of building and growing the economy has focused on small businesses.

And my vision overall is we need to build an opportunity economy in which we increase opportunity for all, including small business owners. So, a lot of my work even in the Senate was about increasing access to capital through our small businesses and, in particular, through our community banks. So, I've been responsible for billions of dollars more now going into our community banks because they're in the community and then they know who's in the community and where the talent is and who's doing good in the community, what the community wants.

And so, part of my plan as president is to give small businesses start-ups a tax deduction of $50,000 to start up because right now, the tax deduction is $5,000.

That's exactly right. And see, the thing we know is that most of our small business -- our entrepreneurs who want to start a small business have got a great idea, have incredible work ethic. But you know, they weren't handed a bunch of money on a silver tray, and they just need to get their foot in the door.

So, there is that. There is what I need to do and what we need to do around making housing and rent more affordable. Part of the problem there is we have a housing supply shortage. My plan includes giving tax incentives for homebuilders to build 3 million more homes by the end of my first term to increase supply, to bring down costs and to increase homeownership, a $25,000 down payment assistance to first-time home buyers because, again, people just need to get their foot in the door.

Right? That's exactly right.

That's exactly right. And we know homeownership, especially for the community, that's the fastest, most effective, and most sure ways to build intergenerational wealth. It's then when your child says, "I want to go to an HBCU," or some other college, and you say, "Well, honey, you don't have to take out a student loan. I'm going to take some equity out of the house."

Or your child says, "I want to start up a small business," and you can say, "Let me take some equity and help you." Right?

But you know what I'm saying.

Right. You have something where -- it's about intergenerational wealth because, see, here's how I feel about the economy and the economy I want to grow. We have, over the last four years, reduced Black unemployment to the lowest it has been in decades, OK? That is an accomplishment. However, we, I believe, need to measure our success not just only about everybody's working, but can you build wealth?

Can you start saving? Can you buy a home? Can you start saving to take your family on vacation from time to time? Can you save enough so that Christmastime for you and your children is not stressful but something enjoyable, right? And so, it's about, yes, we got to make sure that we have high employment but also that we create opportunities for people to build wealth.

Part of my plan is also to expand the child tax credit, $6,000 in the first year of your child's life.

Because you know what that means. First, that's such a critical stage of a child's development, and it's expensive. A family's got to buy a car seat, a crib, the clothes, the things that --

Because I start from the perspective that the vast majority of parents want to raise their children well. They love their children but don't necessarily have the resources they need. And if we understand that the children of a community are the children of the community, we'll understand that an investment in something like the first year of a child's life benefits all of us.

But these are things about building what I call an opportunity economy, which is about helping people not just to get by but to get ahead because most people -- look, maybe you've gathered this already. Here's where I come from. Most people have ambition. They have aspirations. They have dreams, and they are willing to work hard.

And if we give people the opportunity to actually meet those goals, they jump for it every time. But not everybody starts out from the same place in terms of having the opportunity to just get in there. And so, my plans, whether it be $25,000 down payment assistance, whether it be a $6,000 child tax credit, or helping people in terms of what they need to do to be able to start a small business with a bigger tax deduction, the reason I'm saying all that is because when those folks are successful, we are all successful.

And we actually strengthen the economy overall. When middle class is strong in America, America's economy is strong.

And it's a better country for all of us.

I just feel strongly people should not be going to jail for smoking weed, and we know historically what that has meant and who has gone to jail. Second, I just think we have come to a point where we have to understand that we need to legalize it and stop criminalizing this behavior. And so -- and I've actually -- this is not a new position for me.

I have felt for a long time we need to legalize it. So, that's where I am on that.

Well, Sundays are my favorite days.

Sunday family dinner. I mean, these days, it's more difficult for me than ever. But Sunday family dinner, my happy place, and whoever is around, bring your friends.

OK. OK. You guys are welcome.

Oh, ever? Now, my mind is going through lots. I mean, I'll just -- I could go with Too Short, but I mean --

Yeah.

Raphael is so --

Yeah, yeah. You know, Tupac had his

I'm going to get emotional when I say this. My mother and my husband never met.

My mother passed away before we got married. So, if I could put him at the table with my mother. Shirley Chisholm, first Black woman to run for president.

I would so love to sit with her.

I would so love to sit with her. I mean, I feel that I know her because I have studied her life.

Yes, a path that she created, right?

One of my heroes is Thurgood Marshall, you know, and you talk about like him being active in the streets and what he did in terms of representation and then went to the court and carried that over.

You know who I saw recently who I just loved? He's one of the Justins from Tennessee. They refused to be silenced. They were both in the state capital, and they were speaking up about gun violence. And then the other legislators tried to shut them down. And Justin Jones is actually from Oakland and born where I was born, at Kaiser Hospital in Oakland, California.

That would be kind of a good mix because then that's kind of different generations of leaders.

First thing I do in the morning is work out. There is a prayer that comes in after that.

Every day. And last thing, usually, to tell my husband I love him.

Yes. One of my guilty pleasures, especially when I'm on the road, are my Doritos.

Nacho, old school, original. Come on.

Yeah. That's exactly right. That's exactly -- I got to have a napkin nearby, right?

You know, ultimately, what it came down to was Tim Walz. If you look at Tim Walz and you look at me and you have a sense of who we are and where we came from, you think we have nothing in common. But his -- you know, he comes from and grew up in the same kind of -- you know, different part of the country.

You know, folks were a different color from a different culture, but same people, hardworking people, straight-talking people, people who have values. And I just found that so familiar to me, and I guess that the process was ultimately, I made a decision about my gut around, like, do you -- and not that any of the other candidates didn't.

But just do you have a connection to the people and in a life experience that is about just seeing people. But it was a whole thing. I mean --

I did. Yes. Well -- OK, so you want to know that part.

Look, from the time that the president called me and told me he wasn't running, I mean, it just like everything was in speedy, speedy motion, and I was not sleeping so well. And that one morning, I just -- I mean I had, I don't know, a few hours' sleep, and I -- you know, I like to sleep. I just got up.

I was like -- and so I just went out and got a pork roast and started to marinate.

And my family happened to be in town, so they were very happy about the whole situation. But I just got up and started -- everybody's asleep. I just got up and started cooking.

Yeah.

Well, not there yet, knock wood. My mother had many sayings, and one of them is she would say to me, "Kamala, you may be the first to do many things. Make sure you're not the last." And I take that so very seriously. I've had the good fortune to mentor a lot of people along the way, including to this day.

For me, it's about, one, understanding the shoulders I stand on. We talk about a Shirley Chisholm and then so many people who are alive, who have mentored me and held me up. And I just -- I feel so strongly that, you know, each one pull one. You got to leave that door open more than it was when you walked in.

And that's what it means to me. I feel a great sense of responsibility. I mean, you talk about your daughter and what she's doing at school. I look at our sons. I look at -- I mean, I feel a sense of responsibility to hopefully remind them that you should never hear no. You should never hear nobody like you has done this before, or it's not your time, or they're not ready.

Like, don't hear that. Don't hear that. I eat no for breakfast. That's my saying. I eat no for breakfast.

Right. Well, because there's so many -- sadly -- but there's so much good in the world, so let's start with that. And there's so many positive messages. and there are some that are not positive and that would suggest to our kids, to our young people that they're alone, that they don't have champions, that they don't belong, that they're not entitled to, that they don't have rights, including the right to be a leader.

And I hope that in my career and in my work, to the extent I am able to help people reject that, that I can do that.

Please do. Oh, my goodness, that's wonderful. So, this is a lot of new stuff happening for you, guys, huh?

What is the name of the company?

OK. So, productions adding there.

Oh, that's wonderful. Thank you.

I'm so glad you guys are -- I mean, on everything but on the mental health piece.

Because that's -- especially coming from the two of you and the folks that you'll bring on. We just need to remind people that it's actually like -- this is about self-help, right? It's like stop suffering. We're living with so much suffering.

Here's the other thing, if I can just add to that. I think we have a system that fails people if only the exceptional can get out.

Right? That's a failure of a system because, you know, then people say, "Oh, but this person and that person -- " No. If you're pointing to the exceptional and that's the only success story you've got --

That's a failure of a system.

That's exactly right.

Because if you didn't have that skill but you had other skills --

Right. Exactly right. Exactly right. How's his daughter doing?

She is?

She's back at school.

Did she get -- she got counseling, right?

Tell her I asked about her.

We should have her come back, too, when she's on break.

She's a sweet child. She really is. And handled all that attention in every way.

Because that was a lot, in every direction, from even people who wanted to give her love and support, but that was a lot for a child to take.

We are all a work in progress.

We really are.

Not at all. We are making it up as we go along, right?

I thank you both. I thank you. I look forward to talking again. Thank you.