Well, let's start with October 7, 1,200 people were massacred; 250 hostages were taken, including Americans; women were brutally raped. And as I said then, I maintain, Israel has a right to defend itself -- we would -- and how it does so matters. Far too many innocent Palestinians have been killed. This war has to end.

The work that we do diplomatically with the leadership of Israel is an ongoing pursuit around making clear our principles.

We are not going to stop pursuing what is necessary for the United States to be clear about where we stand on the need for this war to end.

I think, with all due respect, the better question is do we have an important alliance between the American people and the Israeli people? And the answer to that question is yes. And --

We now have historic low unemployment in America among all groups of people. We now have an economy that is thriving by all macroeconomic measures. And to your point, prices are still too high, and I know that, and we need to deal with it, which is why part of my plan -- you mentioned groceries, part of my plan is what we must do to bring down the price of groceries. I'm taking on --

Yes, I do.

Yes.

Correct.

OK. So, the other economists that have reviewed my plan versus my opponent and determined that my economic plan would strengthen America's economy, his would weaken it.

My plan -- Bill, if you don't mind, my plan is about saying that when you invest in small businesses, you invest in the middle class and you strengthen America's economy. Small businesses are part of the backbone of America's economy.

Well, one of the things I'm going to make sure that the richest among us who can afford it pay their fair share in taxes. It is not right that teachers and nurses and firefighters are paying a higher tax rate than billionaires and the biggest corporations.

And I plan on making that fair.

But the real world includes --

Well, you know, when you talk quietly with a lot of folks in Congress, they know exactly what I'm talking about because their constituents know exactly what I'm talking about. Their constituents are those firefighters and teachers and nurses. Their constituents are middle-class hardworking folks.

I -- I disagree with you. There are plenty of leaders in Congress who understand and know that the Trump tax cuts blew up our federal deficit. None of us and certainly I cannot afford to be myopic in terms of how I think about strengthening America's economy. Let me tell you something. I am a devout public servant.

You know that. I am also a capitalist. And I know the limitations of government.

It's an election, Bill, and I take it seriously that I have to earn everyone's vote. This is an election for president of the United States. No one should be able to take for granted that they can just declare themselves a candidate and automatically receive support. You have to earn it, and that's what I intend to do.

OK.

In the last four years, I have been vice president of the United States, and I have been traveling our country and I have been listening to folks and seeking what is possible in terms of common ground. I believe in building consensus. We are a diverse people geographically, regionally, in terms of where we are in our backgrounds, and what the American people do want is that we have leaders who can build consensus, where we can figure out compromise and understand it's not a bad thing as long as you don't compromise your values to find commonsense solutions, and that has been my approach.

The first bill we proposed to Congress was to fix our broken immigration system, knowing that if you want to actually fix it, we need Congress to act. It was not taken up. Fast forward to a moment when a bipartisan group of members of the United States Senate, including one of the most conservative members of the United States Senate, got together, came up with a border security bill.

Well, guess what happened. Donald Trump got word that this bill was afoot and could be passed, and he wants to run on a problem instead of fixing a problem, so he told his buddies in Congress, "Kill the bill. Don't let it move forward."

Correct. Correct.

It's a long-standing problem, and solutions are at hand. And from day one, literally, we have been offering solutions.

I think the policies that we have been proposing are about fixing a problem, not promoting a problem, OK?

And the numbers today because of what we have done. We have cut the flow of illegal immigration by half.

We have cut the flow of fentanyl --

By half. But we need Congress to be able to act to actually fix the problem.

I'm glad you are pointing these comments out that he has made that have resulted in a response by most reasonable people to say it's just wrong. It's just wrong.

I believe that the people of America want a leader who's not trying to divide us and demean. I believe that the American people recognize that the true measure of the strength of a leader is not based on who you beat down, it's based on who you lift up.

How are you doing?

You're well.

That'd be great.

I thank you, all.

There will be no success in ending that war without Ukraine and the UN Charter participating in what that success looks like.

Not bilaterally. Without Ukraine, no. Ukraine must have a say in the future of Ukraine.

Those are all issues that we will deal with if and when it arrives at that point. Right now, we are supporting Ukraine's ability to defend itself against Russia's unprovoked aggression. Donald Trump, if he were president, Putin would be sitting in Kyiv right now. He talks about, oh, he can end it on day one. You know what that is? It's about surrender.

That was not the first time I've -- I've --

Talked about it. That's not the first time I've talked about it.

I have a GLOCK, and I've had it for quite some time. And I mean, look, Bill, my background is in law enforcement, and -- so there you go.

Yes. Of course, I have, at a shooting range. Yes, of course, I have.

If he is not going to give your viewers the ability to have a meaningful, thoughtful conversation, question and answer with you, then watch his rallies. You're going to hear conversations that are about himself and all of his personal grievances. And what you will not hear is anything about you, the listener.

You will not hear about how he's going to try to bring the country together, find common ground. And, Bill, that is why I believe in my soul and heart, the American people are ready to turn the page.

President Biden made a decision that I think history is going to show is rare among leaders, which was to put country before self. And I am proud to have earned the support of the vast majority of delegates and to have been elected the Democratic nominee. I am proud to have received the endorsement of leaders around this country from every background and walk of life to fight in this election over the next month for our democracy.

Look, I've been in this race for 70 days. It is, without any question, a short period of time, which is why I'm traveling around our country from one state to the next to the next. It is my responsibility to earn the vote, and I'm going to work to do that.

Well, first, let's start with those attempts, assassination attempts on the former president. I was deeply disturbed, shocked, and shaken, frankly. It is really important that all of us speak loudly, regardless of who we're voting for, to say our differences have to be settled at the ballot box and not through violence.

We cannot lose our soul in terms of who we are as Americans by resorting to violence to settle our differences, much less to make a decision about who's going to be the next president of the United States.

I think there's an obvious one in mind, which is Iran. Iran has American blood on their hands, OK? This -- this attack on Israel, 200 ballistic missiles. What we need to do to ensure that Iran never achieves the ability to be a nuclear power, that is one of my highest priorities.

And that must be.

I'm not going to talk about hypotheticals at this moment.

China, first of all, we must win the competition for the 21st century with China. We must be able to compete and win. We should not seek conflict, but we have to understand that there are parameters in which we must operate that include ensuring, for example, that we protect American business interests. What we --

Bill, I'm not going to get into hypotheticals, but listen, we need to make sure that we maintain a "One China" policy and -- but that includes supporting Taiwan's ability to defend itself, including what we need to do to ensure the freedom of the Taiwan Strait. We need to make sure we have open lines of communication with China, in particular, military to military.