Thank you. It's good to be with you, Bret.

Well, I'm glad you raised the issue of immigration because I agree with you. It is -- it is a topic of discussion that people want to rightly have. And you know what I'm going to talk about right now which is --

Brett, let's just get to the point, OK? The point is that we have a broken immigration system that needs to be repaired. And --

Well, I'm not -- but I'm not finished. I'm not finished. We have a -- we have an immigration system that needs to be -- but --

I was beginning to answer.

At the beginning of our administration, within practically hours of taking the oath, the first bill that we offered Congress, before we worked on infrastructure, before the Inflation Reduction Act, before the CHIPS and Science Act, before any -- before the Bipartisan Safer Communities Act, the first bill, practically within hours of taking the oath, was a bill to fix our immigration system. And --

And -- exactly. And -- and -- so -- but -- but I -- I --

May I please finish --

May I finish -- may I finish responding, please?

But you have to let me finish, please.

I'm in the middle of responding to the point you're raising.

And I'd like to finish.

We recognized from day one that, to the point of this being your first question, it is a priority for us as a nation and for the American people. And our focus has been on fixing a problem. And from day one then, we have done a number of things, including to address our asylum system and pour -- put more resources, getting more judges what we needed to do to tighten up penalties and increase penalties for illegal crossings, what we needed to do to deal with ports -- points of entry between border entry points.

That's the work we did, and we worked on supporting what was a bipartisan effort, including some of the most conservative members of the United States Congress, to actually strengthen the border. That border bill would have put 1,500 more border agents at the border, which is why I believe the Border Patrol agents supported the bill.

It would have allowed us to stem the flow of fentanyl coming into the United States, which is a scourge affecting people of every background, every geographic location in our country, killing people. It would have allowed us to put more resources into prosecuting transnational criminal organizations, which I have done --

As the attorney general -- former attorney general of a border state --

Prosecuted trafficking of drugs, guns, and human beings. And Donald Trump --

But let me just finish.

And Donald Trump learned about that bill and told them to kill it because he'd prefer to run on a problem instead of fixing a problem. And in this election, this is rightly a discussion that the American people want to have. And what they want are solutions, and they want a president of the United States who's not playing political games with the issue --

But actually is focused on fixing it.

But -- no. No, no, Bret.

I think it's really -- I think --

Let me just say, first of all, those are tragic cases. There's no question about that. There is no question about that. And I can't imagine the pain that the families of those victims have experienced for a loss that should not have occurred. So, that is true. It is also true that if a border security had actually been passed nine months ago, it would be nine months that we would have had more border agents at the border, more support for the folks who are working around the clock trying to hold it all together --

To ensure that no future harm would occur. And this election in 20 days will determine whether we have a president of the United States who actually cares more about fixing a problem even if it is not to their political advantage in an election. Because there was a solution, Bret.

I will tell you that I am so sorry for her loss. I'm so sorry for her loss, sincerely. But let's talk about what is happening right now with an individual who does not want to participate in solutions. Let's talk about that as well, Bret.

In all fairness, I told you, I feel awful for what she and her family have experienced.

I think it -- we've had a broken immigration system transcending, by the way, Donald Trump's administration even before. Let's -- let's all be honest about that. I have no pride in saying that this is a perfect immigration system. I've been clear -- I think we all are -- that it needs to be fixed. We need more -- I was just down at the border talking with border agents.

And they will tell you, and I'm sure you probably -- I know you investigate, and you are a serious journalist. They will tell you we need more judges. We need to -- we need to process those cases faster. We need the support for those cases that should be prosecuted. They need more resources, and Congress, ultimately, is the only place that that's going to get fixed, Bret.

That's how the system works.

That's -- but that's how the system works.

I think they're frustrated, and I get it. They want support. They want support, and that's what that border security bill would have done. These guys down at the border, these men and women, they're working hard. They're working around the clock. I get it.

Listen, that was five years ago, and I'm very clear that I will follow the law. I have made that statement over and over again. And as vice president of the United States, that's exactly what I've done, not to mention, before.

We are very clear, and I am very clear, as is Tim Walz, that we must support and enforce federal law. And that is exactly what we will do.

I -- I do not believe in decriminalizing border crossings. And I've not done that as vice president, and I will not do that as president. I -- and -- and --

But -- well, let's be very clear. I'm the only person who's running for president who has prosecuted transnational criminal organizations from the Sinaloa Cartel to the Guadalajara Cartel, to people who have trafficked in guns, drugs, and human beings. I have spent a significant part of my career going after people who present a threat to the safety of the American people and -- and cross our border with the intent of doing us harm and cross our border illegally.

And I will do that work as vice president. I take that work quite seriously.

OK

Surgery --

For prisoners. Every transgender inmate in the prison system would have access --

I will follow the law, and it's a law that Donald Trump actually followed. You're probably familiar with -- now, it's a public report that under Donald Trump's administration, these surgeries were available to, on a medical necessity basis -- to people in the federal prison system. And I think, frankly, that ad from the Trump campaign is a little bit of like throwing, you know, stones when you're living in a glass house.

Well, you know, you've got to take responsible -- for what happened in your administration.

It's in black and white.

I follow the law just as --

I -- I think Donald Trump would say he did.

I -- like I said, I think it's -- he spent $20 million on those ads trying to create a sense of fear in the voters because he actually has no plan in this election that is about focusing on the needs of the American people. Whereas a $20 million on that ad on an issue that -- as it relates to the biggest issues that affect the American people, it's really quite remote.

And again, his policy was no different. Look at where we are though --

On plans for the American people. I'm offering a plan to deal with affordable housing. I'm offering a plan to deal with what we need to do to strengthen small businesses, which are the backbone of America's economy. I am offering a plan that is about taking care of young parents and giving them the support they need.

My plans for the economy will strengthen the economy as have been reviewed by 16 Nobel laureates, Goldman Sachs, Moody's, and, recently, "The Wall Street Journal," which have all studied our plans and have indicated my plans for our economy would strengthen our economy. His would make them weaker --

Would ignite inflation and invite a recession by the middle of next year.

Those are the facts.

I think that when you look at an analysis of our plans for what we would do as president of the United States, it has been clear to those who study and understand how economic policy works that moving forward -- because I do believe the American people are ready to turn the page on the divisiveness and the -- the type of rhetoric that has come out of Donald Trump.

People are ready to chart a new way forward, and they want a president who has a plan for the future and a plan that is sound and will strengthen our country. My plan for the economy does exactly that. His plan would be, again, to give tax cuts to billionaires and the biggest corporations in our country and blow up our deficit.

Yeah.

There is not a thing that comes to mind in terms of -- and I've been a part of -- of -- of most of the decisions that have had impact.

Sure, well, I mean, I'm obviously not Joe Biden.

And so, that would be one change in terms of --

But also, I think it's important to say with, you know, 28 days to go, I'm not Donald Trump.

Let me be very clear. My presidency will not be a continuation of Joe Biden's presidency. And like every new president that comes in to office, I will bring my life experiences, my professional experiences, and fresh and new ideas. I represent a new generation of leadership. I, for example, am someone who has not spent the majority of my career in Washington, D.

C. I invite ideas, whether it be from the Republicans who are supporting me who were just on stage with me minutes ago and the business sector and others who can contribute to the decisions that I make about, for example, my plan for increasing the supply of housing in America and bringing down the cost of housing, addressing the issue of small businesses, which is about working with the private sector to bring more capital and access to capital to our small business leaders, including my plan for a $25,000 down payment assistance for first-time homebuyers and for small businesses extending the tax deduction from $5,000 to 50,000.

Well, first of all, turning the page from the last decade in which we have been burdened with the kind of rhetoric coming from Donald Trump that has been designed and implemented to divide our country and have Americans literally point fingers at each other; rhetoric and an approach to leadership that suggests that the strength of a leader is based on who you beat down instead of what we all know.

The strength of leadership is based on who you lift up.

The strength of an American president -- which is one who understands that the vast majority of us have more in common than what separates us. That is turning the page --

That is about turning the page on rhetoric that people are frankly exhausted of, Bret --

People are exhausted.

And Donald Trump has been running for office since -- come on.

Come on. You and I both know what I'm talking about. You and I both know what I'm talking about.

What I'm talking about is that over the last decade, people have become --

But -- listen. Over the last decade, it is clear to me and certainly the Republicans who are on stage with me, the -- the -- the former chief of staff to the president, Donald Trump, former Defense secretaries, National Security adviser and his vice president, one, that he is unfit to serve, that he is unstable, that he is dangerous, and that people are exhausted with someone who professes to be a leader who spends full time demeaning and -- and engaging in personal grievances and it being about him instead of the American people.

People are tired of that.

This is an election for president of the United States. It's not supposed to be easy.

It's not supposed to be -- that it -- it is not supposed to be a cakewalk for anyone.

Listen. Let me --

Oh, god. I would never say that about the American people. And, in fact, if you listen to Donald Trump, if you've watched any of his rallies, he's the one who tends to demean and belittle and diminish the American people. He's the one who talks about an enemy within -- within, an enemy within, talking about the American people, suggesting he would turn the American military on the American people. The --

Bret, I'm sorry. And with all due respect, that clip was not what he has been saying about the enemy within that he has repeated when he's speaking about the American people. That's not what you just showed.

No, no, no. That's not what you just showed. In all fairness and respect to you --

You didn't show that. And here's the bottom line. He has repeated it many times, and you and I both know that. And you and I both know that he has talked about turning the American military on the American people. He has talked about going after people who are engaged in peaceful protest. He has talked about locking people up because they disagree with him.

This is a democracy. And in a democracy, the president of the United States in the United States of America should be willing to be able to handle criticism without saying he'd lock people up for doing it. And this is what is at stake, which is why you have someone like the former chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff saying what Mark Milley has said about Donald Trump being a threat to the United States of America.

No. But --

But let's not diminish the significance of that.

He's unstable.

He is unstable, Bret.

I -- he's not stable.

And -- and we should all be concerned.

Joe Biden, I have watched in -- from the Oval Office to the Situation Room, and he has the judgment and the experiment -- and experience to do exactly what he has done in making very important decisions on behalf of the American people. Joe Biden --

Bret, Joe Biden is not on ballot.

And Donald Trump -- Donald Trump is.

And Donald Trump is.

And if you watch Donald Trump --

Donald Trump is on the ballot.

I think the American people have a concern about Donald Trump, which is why the people who know him best, including leaders of our national security community, have all spoken out. Even people who worked for him in the Oval Office, worked with him in the situation room, and -- have said he is unfit and dangerous and should never be president of the United States again, including his former vice president, which is why the job was open for him to choose another running mate. So, that is a fact. That is a fact.

I think there's an obvious one in mind, which is Iran. Iran has American blood on their hands, OK? This -- this attack on Israel, 200 ballistic missiles -- what we need to do to ensure that Iran never achieves the ability to be a nuclear power, that is one of my highest priorities.

Well, I will tell you most recently, whether it was in April or in October, and then several hours on each occasion that Iran posed a threat to Israel, I was there, most recently in the situation room in the most recent attack, working with the heads of our military in doing what America must always do to defend and to support Israel in its requirement to defend itself and to give American support to be able to allow Israel to have the resources to defend itself against attack, including from Iran and Iran's terrorist proxies in the region.

And that is --

And -- and my commitment to that is unyielding and unwavering.

Let -- let's -- let's go back to Donald Trump who --

Who pulled out of -- who pulled out of a deal that would've actually put Iran in check.

And then it was during Donald Trump's administration that Iran --

That -- that we had an American military base that was attacked, where American soldiers suffered traumatic brain injuries. And Donald Trump dismissed them as headaches, not to mention how Donald Trump has --

Has treated and talked about America's military and military service people, calling them suckers and losers --

Has diminished the significance --

Well, I -- and I -- and I -- I wish --

I would like that we would have a -- a conversation that is grounded in full assessment of the facts, which includes -- I think this interview is supposed to be about the choices that your viewers should be presented about this election, and the contrast is important.

And on this subject of Iran, I am offering what should be an -- an important contrast that is presented for folks to make a decision that they feel --

There's more to say. I have much more to say, actually.

Yes.

I invite everyone to go to kamalaharris.com, and you will see that I have 80 pages of policies that are quite comprehensive and should be accessible to anyone who would like to read them. And it includes what I intend to do about affordable housing, what I intend to do about small businesses, what I do --

Intend to do to strengthen our economy --

To support America's military and ensure we have the most lethal and best fighting force in the world. And I --

Well, I thank you for the time.

It's good to meet you.

Thank you.