The briefing was very helpful on a number of fronts but, most importantly, in getting the word out to folks in Florida, in particular, to please heed the advice and direction of your local officials because this storm is unlike anything we have seen before. And that's the point of emphasis. This is unlike anything we have seen before.

We got a lot of tough, strong people in Florida, who have been through a lot of hurricanes, tornadoes. But this is not like anything they've dealt with before. So, if they have been told to evacuate, they must evacuate. We expect that this is going to be catastrophic and deadly. And I would emphasize that.

I would also emphasize the information that we received that even if the designation of the category shifts from a 5 to 4, that's not actually a downgrade in terms of the danger and the dangerous potential of it. And so, let's not have people rely to their detriment on, oh, this sounds like it's going to be less serious than we thought.

They made very clear, category 5, category 4 are almost equivalent in terms of the danger and the damage that they will create. So, I would -- I would urge people to really take that information away, as well as to know there are dedicated folks on the ground from FEMA, from federal, state, and local agencies that are there to help you, to help you in terms of advice now to help you get out and to help with recovery and rebuilding after this storm and this hurricane passes.

FEMA absolutely has the resources that it needs now and to deal with this hurricane as it hits and the aftermath. And, of course, we want Congress, when they come back, to do their job of making sure that they pass legislation to provide more aid because, again, this is really historic in terms of what we've seen.

And so, we do need to buff up the aid and assistance that we give FEMA, understanding that this is unusual and may be, sadly, the new normal.

FEMA has what they need right now.

Well, I'll tell you, I have spoken with local officials who have been struck, for example, by Hurricane Helene. And they are doing an extraordinary job in trying to combat the misinformation. I'm talking about sheriffs, I'm talking about mayors, I'm talking about local officials. I don't even know their party affiliation, by the way, but leaders on the ground who know that it is not in the best interest of the people living in those areas to not know their rights, not to know what they're entitled to, and to be afraid of seeking help.

It is dangerous. It is -- it is unconscionable, frankly, that anyone who would consider themselves a leader would mislead desperate people to the point that those desperate people would not receive the aid to which they are entitled. And that's why I call it dangerous, and we all know it's dangerous.

And the gamesmanship has to stop. At some point, the politics have to end, especially in a moment of crisis. And the crises that we've been seeing affect so many people. They've lost -- I've met people who have lost family members through Hurricane Helene. We know the desperation and the fear that the folks who are attempting to evacuate Florida are experiencing.

The last thing that they deserve is to have a so-called leader, make them more afraid than they already are.

I do not. No, I do not. But whatever the source, Dana, just so we're clear, it hurts the American people. And it's got to stop.

I mean, Dana, we're looking at -- we've already, as part of the briefing, heard just minutes ago that tornadoes have actually already hit the area. So, now is not the time to -- to necessarily think about restructuring as much as it is to get boots on the ground and the support directly that is needed as -- as a matter of urgency.

And certainly, all good ideas are welcome. But right now, let's let FEMA, let's let the folks who are on the ground do the work they need to do right now in real time. That's about assisting with evacuations, getting correct information out, battling, sadly, the misinformation and putting in place the resources that can hopefully mitigate against the predictable damage.

You know, including, for example, we heard a very good briefing from the commandant of the Coast Guard, the work that needs to happen around being concerned about potential damage to the port in Tampa. That kind of work needs to happen urgently, and -- and that's where my focus is.

Well, I'll tell you, I -- it was a classified call. And -- and I don't have any announcements to make about what happened during that call. And I'm not -- I just can't get into private diplomatic conversations on this --

Channel. But -- but it was -- it was an important call.

Of course. Thank you, and thanks for getting the word out and around-the-clock information to the folks who are in desperate need of accurate information. I appreciate that. Thank you. Take care.