Roland Martin.

I'm trying. I'm trying.

OK.

Right.

That's too bad. That's too bad. I'm sorry to hear that. Right. So, you know that -- that -- I mean, going back even before -- but Dr. King was very clear, right? If you have certain policies that recognize, one, that not everybody starts out on the same base, if you have public policy -- and I'm talking about economic public policy specifically at this point.

But if you have public policy that recognizes historical barriers and -- and what we need to do then to overcome -- first, speak truth about them and then to overcome them, that in the process of doing that, not only are you directly dealing with the injustices and -- and the -- the legal and -- and procedural barriers that have been focused on Black folks, but by eliminating those barriers, everyone actually benefits.

Right? And I know that to be true. So, my policies include what I know are going to have a profound impact on Black folks around economic policy, but everyone will benefit from them. I -- I intend to create, as president, what I have named an opportunity economy that taps into the ambitions and the aspirations and the dreams of the American people.

And then addresses those in a way that recognizes, unlike my opponent who was handed $400 million on a silver platter and then filed bankruptcy six times, not everyone has access to those kinds of resources. But when you give people access to those resources, they thrive and we all benefit. Opportunity economy.

That's why I say I'm going to make sure that we give first-time homebuyers a $25,000 down payment assistance because, again, we know that when you look at the history of how Black folks have been denied the opportunity for homeownership, be it redlining or what we know has still been happening around bias in home appraisals, that it is a barrier to achieving intergenerational success.

But when we address it by doing things like helping folks get their foot in the door with a down payment assistance, they will have the ability to be on that track of intergenerational wealth-building. My plan for extending and expanding the Child Tax Credit, $6,000 for the first year of a child's life, because our parents, just like any parent, have a natural desire to parent their children well but not always the resources to do that.

So, $6,000 in the first year of your child's life helps you buy that car seat or crib or the clothes that are necessary to -- to build the foundation for that important phase of their development --

That gets them on the right track.

Yes.

Yes. That's right.

Yes, I will.

So -- and I'm glad you actually presented the point the way you did because let's also go back to what you know in my history on this in terms of being attorney general. When I took on the big banks and because they were doing predatory lending and a lot of the folks who were targeted with that predatory lending were Black folks who were being told, "Oh, you don't need to worry about it. You're going to get -- we're going to give you this money."

And -- and so, you can buy a home without actually doing the analysis to figure out if they'd be able to afford to pay it back, right? And folks trusted the banks that if you're going to loan me the money, then you must have determined I have the ability to actually -- right -- be able to see it through.

And the foreclosure rates for Black homeowners during that crisis --

That's exactly right, Roland. I -- and I took on and sued the big banks and ended up delivering $20 billion for the homeowners of California. The former president, Obama, recently mentioned the fact that I actually took on the -- the Department of Justice and the administration saying I'm not going to do a deal that brings crumbs to the table.

We have been taking all of it -- mortgage discrimination, also discrimination in home appraisals. We've taken on the fact that -- you know those stories about a Black family is trying to get their appraised -- their home appraised. They want to get a second mortgage, they want to sell the house, whatever, and they bring in the appraiser.

The appraiser looks around, looks at the family pictures and appraises it for less than it's worth. The family knows that. They're not stupid.

So, then, they remove photos and everything else, right? They remove all the --

All -- all of that and then they ask a white family that's a friend of theirs -- come in, they put up their pictures, and the house gets appraised for more. Racial bias. We're taking that on for the first time. And I want to give due credit to former Secretary of HUD, Marcia Fudge, for being a leader on that.

These are the things we've taken on. And as president, to your point about supply, I'm going to create tax incentives for home builders and developers to build 3 million new housing units by the end of my first term. Because a big part of jacking up the prices has been there's low -- the supply is not meeting demand, so the prices are higher.

And when you couple that with $25,000 down payment assistance, we have the ability to give people the opportunity to achieve what generations before called the American dream -- but which has been out of reach for too many people. My work around thinking about how it's going to directly impact Black folks is knowing that when you look at racial bias in home appraisals, when you look at the disproportionate rates of -- of Black homeownership to other people having homeownership, it's too low.

And it's not because we don't aspire to have a home or buy a home. My work is about looking at small businesses, knowing they are the backbone of our economy in the neighborhood in communities and giving folks an extension of a tax deduction so it's not just $5,000 for a start-up small business, but $50,000, because nobody can start up a small business on $5,000.

Yeah.

Yeah.

Yes.

So, first of all, the corporate tax rate years ago was in the 30s, So I'm not doing that. But in terms of tax cuts for middle-class families, my agenda is all about tax cuts for middle-class families and no tax rate hike for anybody making less than $400,000 a year. But my approach is also about giving 100 million Americans a tax cut in terms of middle-class tax cuts.

Donald Trump on the other hand, first of all, like he did before, he will do it again and has pretty much pledged that he will give a tax cut for billionaires in the biggest corporations. Donald Trump has indicated that, basically, what I call a Trump sales tax will be in place, which is a 20 percent tax on everyday goods and services, which economists have estimated will cost the average American family $4,000 more a year. Goldman Sachs --

Of course, including small businesses. Not to mention what he's doing. If you look at Project 2025, what they're proposing in terms of cutting off, for example, we see Hurricane Helene, what we have seen happen in terms of Milton, cutting off the SBA ability to give small businesses that have experienced an extreme weather event, a disaster, giving them additional resources.

This man don't want to help small businesses. He cares about the kinds of people who run the businesses he runs: big developers, billionaires. He's not looking out for middle-class folks. You look at what he is proposing in terms of cutting -- if you look at the -- the cost that middle-class families bear, health care costs -- we have capped the cost of insulin at $35 a month for seniors.

Black folks are 60 percent more likely to be diagnosed with diabetes. Under Project 2025, they would undo that $35 cap. You look at what he is planning to do that is about undoing -- getting rid of the Department of Education and Head Start programs. Who do you think that's going to affect? So, there is, first of all, a danger in terms of understanding there are two choices in this election and understanding what Donald Trump intends for middle-class families.

Two, look at it in the context of how he actually thinks and talks about Black folks in America. And you and I have talked about this before. He is not looking out for folks when he is -- when he was a landlord and would not rent to Black families, sued for it when he took out a full-page ad in the "New York Times" against those five teenagers, Black and Latino, who were innocent --

Saying they should be executed, the Central Park Five. When you look at -- he -- the first Black president of United States and he had birther lies. And now, you look at Black immigrants, legal immigrants, in Springfield, Ohio, and he gets on a debate stage and says they're eating their pets. Come on! This man is dangerous, not to mention, Roland, let's fast forward to right now.

He -- his staff won't let him do a "60 Minutes" interview. Every president for the last half century has done one, anyone who's running for president. Everyone has done it except Donald Trump. He will not debate me again. I put out my medical records; he won't put out his medical records. And you have to ask why is his staff doing that.

And it may be because they think he's just not ready and unfit and unstable and should not have that level of transparency for the American people. There's a real choice in this election.

Yeah, it's bad.

For sure.

Of course.

Yeah. So, I have supported public charters, but here's the thing that we have to just focus on in this election. First of all, Donald Trump would get rid of the Department of Education, which means that as a vehicle for funding a lot of what we need to do around public education for our children, he -- would be getting rid of Head Start and we know how many of our children have benefited from that in the earliest stages of their development, which are the most critical to them being able to be successful as they go through the educational process.

So, there is a huge contrast between me and him. And frankly, I don't think he wants to talk about education, which is why it has not become an issue on the debate stage because he doesn't have a plan, which takes me back to a fundamental point. He doesn't have a plan for much of anything. It is about the people who are going to be watching this interview.

I invite everyone always and, again, watch his rallies. He will talk full time about himself. He will talk about his personal grievances. And he will not talk about you and any plan that he has for you or your children or your future.

Oakland, D.C., Chicago --

Come on!

Come on.

Yes. Yes. Yes. You know, there's this whole -- I talked with somebody once who said, you know, "If you just look at where the -- the -- the stars are in the sky, don't look at them as just random things. If you just look at them as points, look at the constellation, what does it show you." So, you just outlined it, Roland.

What does it show you? That the cities that he picks on in terms of Black population or Black mayor or both. Come on.

Precision. Yes.

Yes.

Yeah.

Well, to your point, you mentioned North Carolina, which has been well documented. You look at -- even though I must say that North Carolina has a governor in Roy Cooper who has tried to do everything he can to ensure that voting rights are intact, but he does not have a veto-proof majority in the statehouse.

Well -- and so, you know, I think that we should all -- whoever is in North Carolina watching this -- Josh Stein running for governor -- it's going to be very important, pay attention to those statehouse races because those -- if there is a -- if they can change the balance in the -- in the statehouse, then they will be able to push through more protections for voting rights.

But to your point, in Georgia, they passed a law preventing people from giving food and water to folks who are standing in line to vote, which is the height of hypocrisy because, you know, what happened to love thy neighbor, right? There is a full-on intent by some to attack hard-fought, hard-won freedoms and rights including the right to vote.

And part of it, if you track it, is if you look at the successes that we had, in particular in 2020 and in the height of a pandemic, when people just said they were going to vote, they knew and they understood how important it was. Thereafter, you saw in state after state attempts by state legislatures to make it more difficult for people to vote.

And here's what I would say to your listeners: Don't let anybody take you out of the game. There is an intent to make it more difficult. There is an intent to suggest to a lot of folks that their vote won't matter with the intention that people will not vote, which is an attempt to silence folks. And what we know is the greatest progress we have achieved is when we jump over those obstacles that have been purposely laid to do what we know is about progress.

And this election is going to be no different. They've already started with the misinformation and the lies. We know that there is foreign interference, and I have to say to everybody listening to this, don't let them take your voice. Because I was part of the Senate Intelligence Committee when we investigated Russia's interference in the 2016 election.

Black folks were targeted with misinformation because there was an assumption that you're already targeting a group of people who already have learned, based on a lived experience, that things aren't necessarily designed to work for them and manipulate that in a way that suggests to people that their vote won't matter.

Because if you do that, they won't vote. That was the intention.

So, first of all, your vote does matter. It is because folks voted that we have capped the cost of insulin at $35 a month; that we are on the path to doing what I intend to do, which is saying that your medical debt cannot be on your credit score; putting $16 billion in HBCUs, having the lowest Black unemployment in recent history; the work that we have done that has been about investing in Black businesses; the work that we have done that has been about understanding the importance of having representation at every level, including a Black woman on the United States Supreme Court for the first time.

It's because people voted and demanded that. And the reality of how this system works is that we each have many ways that we are powerful, and one of those ways very significantly is through our vote. People sit down and then they'll watch and say, "OK, well, those folks aren't going to vote anyway. I don't need to listen to them."

That's how this works. I don't feel that way. I'm going to go everywhere. That's why I'm in rural parts of North Carolina and Georgia and other places where people say, "Oh, your votes aren't there." But my people are there; people are there.

Well, but -- but the point is, is that I'm saying that not everyone and not the system doesn't necessarily work that way. The hard reality of the system is that, often, the people whose policies get pushed through are the people who actually demand what they want through their vote.

Often. Often. That is the way it works and when -- when people who are -- and I'm not talking about myself, just anybody who's running for office. When they see young Black people are voting, they're going to say, "Well, I better know. They're going to vote anyway. I better know what they want. I better listen to them. What do they want because I see that they turn out in big numbers?"

Some of the highest numbers in recent history.

And certainly, compare those numbers to Trump administration, and you see a stark difference.

Exactly right.

Absolutely.

They're doing extraordinary work, and that is the work that would continue in a Harris administration. Let me tell you something. And again because, Roland, I have to keep stressing not only the importance of every point, but the contrast between me and Donald Trump. Under Donald Trump as president, those cases were not happening with any vigor or -- or commitment.

And not only that. He took resources out of the Civil Rights Division of the Department of Justice. We put resources into the Civil Rights Division of the Department of Justice, so they could do the job they're supposed to do. And that absolutely would continue under me and my leadership. And -- and it's about looking at what people have done or what they say.

Again, you know the record of Donald Trump on these issues. You know the record of where he is on things like stop and frisk, right, and what the Project 2025 talks about. So, there is a real contrast here on criminal justice as there is on almost every issue that we have discussed.

Well -- and I know that because I published the hate crimes report every year when I was attorney general of California. And it is, to your point, about talking about it and making people clear that we have actually seen a spike in hate crimes across the board. And it does not help when you have somebody who is a former president and running to be president again who is constantly fanning the flames of hate and division in our country -- constantly.

You came with me. Come on, now.

Well, let me tell you. So, this has been -- you're preaching to the choir. I've been -- listen, I believe so strongly and I -- And that is part of the work I've done as vice president that we've got to change the narrative around the relationship between the United States and the continent of Africa.

For a long time, it has been one that has been about aid as opposed to partnership --

Partnership, which includes US investment. So, the work I've done as vice president has been to begin to change that relationship and -- including the delegation that I took to the continent, which was focused on -- I brought billions of dollars and have worked on billions of dollars of US investment in the continent and in countries on the continent of Africa, looking at what we need to do around.

Also, I've been partnering with technology companies around digital inclusion, so ensuring that folks have access to fintech to financial banking and -- and sectors. But to your point, the -- the median age on the continent is 19. By 2050, one in four people on Earth will be on the continent of Africa.

That is so, so, so exciting if -- if we see it in terms of global policy for the opportunity it -- it presents to invest in partnership and to do the work that is about understanding the mutual benefit. So, that is very much on my agenda as a priority. It has been as vice president, and it will continue to be if I am and when I am elected president.

So, first of all, I have prosecuted transnational criminal organizations for the trafficking of guns, drugs, and human beings. I have had a career, including now, of prioritizing that we must have a secure border. And in fact, on the issue of immigration, let's be clear, some of the most conservative members of the United States Congress, together with others, had a bill to secure the border even more.

And Donald Trump got wind of it and, because he thought it would hurt his political chances in this election, told them not to put it up for a vote. He killed the bill that would have put 1,500 more border agents at the border, which is why the border agent union supported it. That bill would have stemmed the flow of fentanyl, which is affecting people of every race and background and geographic location in our country.

That bill would have given more resources to prosecute transnational criminal organizations. Donald Trump told them, "Cancel that bill" because he wants to run on a problem instead of fix a problem. I'm about fixing problems, and that includes, when I'm elected president, bringing back up that border security bill, and I will sign it into law.

We also must have an immigration system that is humane and orderly. We have to increase the number of asylum judges. We need to make sure that people who are fleeing harm, that we give them a chance to explain their situation in a meaningful way because America also is a place that we have said we will -- we will receive people who are fleeing persecution.

We -- they got to make their case, and then they got to be on a path where they earn the right to be here and become citizens, which means we need to have a comprehensive immigration policy that includes requiring people to earn and -- and work hard to earn their citizenship.

Congressman.

I love our country, Roland. I believe -- I believe in the American people, and I know we are a people who have the character that have ambition, that have aspirations, dreams. And I intend to be a president who meets people with opportunities for them to -- to not just get by, but get ahead. I believe in our country and the importance of its strength in terms of what that means to the world.

As vice president of the United States, I have met over 150 world leaders: presidents, prime ministers, chancellors, and kings. I know the importance of America retaining respect as a power around the globe. And that's why I am putting in the hard work of working to earn every person's vote, so we can actually turn the page on what has been otherwise years of an attempt to divide us as a nation, to have Americans point their fingers at each other, years of of -- of belittling people and promoting fear.

People are exhausted with that. They're ready to turn the page. They're ready for a new generation of leadership that's about charting a new way forward. And that's what I intend to do with a sense of optimism and being clear-eyed about the challenges that folks face and the opportunities that we have to address those challenges in a way that strengthens our nation.

Thank you.

Yeah. I -- I would -- for your well-being, I would advise you not to do that.

I appreciate you. Thank you.