How have you been?

Good to see you, Matt.

Of course. Of course. Thank you.

Yes.

Oh, good.

Listen, this election is in seven days, and I think the American people have a very clear choice. And on the one hand, you have Donald Trump who is constantly fanning the flames of division and hate, who is trying to have the American people point their fingers at each other, or my leadership, which is founded on a lived and an experience that the vast majority of us have more in common than what separates us and that we want to come together as a country.

We want leaders who know how to work across the aisle. And we certainly don't want leaders like Donald Trump who talk about the American people as being the enemies within.

I think what's most important is recognizing that his approach is not in the best interest of America's prosperity or security. Take it not from me, from the people who know him best, his former chief of staff, a four-star Marine general who has talked about how Donald Trump is dangerous and unfit. His former two secretaries of defense, national security advisor, and vice president who have all referred to him as someone dangerous.

And they know him best. They are Republicans who served with him in the Oval Office, in the Situation Room. And most recently with John Kelly, again, a four-star Marine general. I think that that the American people, two weeks out when he -- when he let us know how he feels, should think of it as his 911 call to the American people to understand the seriousness of the decision that they are making as it relates to who would be the next commander in chief.

I have said what I have to say, which is he is dangerous and unfit and increasingly unstable and unhinged. And the American people deserve better.

Yes.

Yeah. Sure.

First of all, listen, price of groceries still too high. I get it, which is why I have a plan that is about bringing down the cost of groceries, including going after corporate price gouging, which, frankly, is about some corporations, not all of them, but the bad actors jacking up prices. My plan is about bringing down the cost of housing, whether it be what I will do, which is a $25,000 down payment assistance for first-time home buyers or what I'm going to do to work with the private sector to cut through the red tape, work with builders and developers to create more housing in America so we can increase supply and bring down the cost.

I'm also, on the issue of housing, going to go after those corporations that have been buying up housing in communities and then jacking up the rents because they -- they'd eliminate the competition. These are some of my areas of focus, including what we need to do to invest in American manufacturing done by American workers and investing in new industries that allow us to be globally competitive.

Well, I'm not president.

Yeah, exactly. But I'm going to tell you what I'm doing as president when I have the ability then to do what I know, based on my experience, is a new approach that is about building on the good work that has happened. But there's more to do. There's more to do. For example, my perspective that is a new perspective based on a personal experience, actually, of taking care of my mom when she was sick is what we need to do to have Medicare cover the cost of home health care for our seniors.

We haven't done that before. Maybe it's because of my personal experience, but it's also about my perspective about what can be new work that is done to deal with long-standing challenges, knowing no administration can fix everything, but there are things that are in front of us, challenges for which there are solutions.

And I'm committed to implement those solutions as president.

I cannot imagine any scenario where I would ever try to upend or undo the will of the American people in a free and fair election. No. But listen, January 6th, Donald Trump sent an armed mob to the United States Capitol to undo the will of the American people in a free and fair election. He still does not admit he lost, which he did.

In that -- on that day when he sent that mob, over 140 uniformed law enforcement officers were injured. Some were killed. And, again, if you look at that day, for a lot of people who voted for Donald Trump before, that was a bridge too far. And that is why they're supporting me in this election. I am proud to have the support of Republicans who have long been a loyal member of the Republican Party who are saying it's a bridge too far.

They want a president who supports the Constitution of the United States, does not want to terminate it as does Donald Trump.

Well, we have, certainly, a lot of resources that are dedicated to that possibility knowing he's done it before.

I mean, we got a lot of lawyers. That's what I mean.

Well, we'll see.

By earning the vote of the people who have the most at stake, which is why I'm spending a lot of time in Milwaukee, spending a lot of time in the state of Wisconsin, spending a lot of time in many, many, many communities who have everything at stake and deserve to have their vote earned by someone who has a plan, which I do, for bringing down the cost of living, who has a plan for investing in the future of America and having a plan to do that with a sense of optimism, knowing what we are capable of, instead of constantly demeaning the American people as does Donald Trump.

I appreciate you. Thank you. Good to be with you.