I am very well, Jazzy. It's good to be with you today.

Well, you know, we got our days, yes.

Yes.

Well, first of all, I will tell you I eat no for breakfast. I don't hear no. I don't hear it can't be done. I don't hear, "Oh, nobody like you has ever done it before." And I don't want you to hear any of that. I don't want you to ever hear someone say, "Oh, you're too young." I don't ever want you to hear, "Oh, that's going to be too much work." Right?

I eat no for breakfast. If you can see it and you can imagine it, you can do it even if nobody has seen it before. But the point is you never let it be your burden to be influenced by other people's limited ability to see who you are.

Thank you.

Thank you. I appreciate that, Jazzy. Thank you.

Thank you.

I always have my blue pen. I often will carry at least a bag of pistachios because, you know, sometimes, I'm going so quick. I don't know when my next meal might be coming. And then I always have my binders, which are just all my briefing documents. So, yeah. What about you? What do you carry all the time?

That's better than smelling bad.

Yeah, right?

Oh, I do, too. I keep tissue. Yeah.

That is true.

Yes, it is. It is. Well, you know, we wanted to stay up-to-date on the issues.

Yes.

Well, I work out every morning, even if it's only half an hour. But for me, that's a time to just kind of -- it's like mind, body and soul. So, I do that. One of the things that I do that I find most enjoyable and it just grounds me is to cook Sunday family dinner. So, whenever I can to make Sunday family dinner for my family, that gives me joy, and it grounds me. So, those are a couple of things.

Yeah? What do you cook?

That sounds good.

I do try.

Thank you. I appreciate that.

That's true. My team, did you all hear that?

I just -- when you turn 18, let me know. Come work for me, OK?

OK. OK. We got a few years, but we'll get it done.

Oh, goodness. Lots of people. But you know who I've been talking about a lot recently, is the former Supreme Court justice, Thurgood Marshall. So, he was -- when he was a lawyer, he fought for the right for all children to be educated together and not separately. And when he was on the Supreme Court, he fought for equality and justice.

And what I always loved about him, I never met him, is that he understood how you could take the passion from the streets to the courtrooms and make real the promise of freedom. So, if I could have dinner or break bread with somebody, that would be one of the people at the top of my list.

Right?

That's exactly right. And, you know, that kind of fight, we all have to stay focused on. We can't take it for granted.

Thank you.

Well, one of the -- I mean, the first and the longest is my mother. My -- although, you know, as I got older, my mother was only 5 feet tall. So -- but I still looked up to her because, even though she was 5 feet tall, she was kind of like 10 feet tall in my mind, right?

So -- but my mother definitely would be the first and foremost.

Right. Exactly.

Yeah?

That's right.

Yeah.

Yes. That's what we do. We -- we see a moment and can understand that, OK, there's something good to learn from this. And then sometimes, the lesson is something to, you know, like -- like do differently. Right?

Yes.

So, student loan debt is a pretty big issue affecting a lot of people. And so, what we have done is said that we want to forgive student loan debt for people who have been carrying that debt for a long period of time. We want to eliminate that debt for public servants like nurses and firefighters and teachers because God knows we don't pay them enough as it is, right?

And so, that's the work we've been doing. So far, we have forgiven over $60 billion in student loan debt for over 4 million people.

And I will tell you that we also have made the student loan debt forgiveness available to people who couldn't graduate. And you know why?

Because think about it. Some people had to drop out because they just couldn't afford the tuition, but they still own -- they still owe the student loan, right, and have to pay that back. So, we want to make sure that we also give them relief.

That's right.

That's right.

I agree with you. We want to make sure that we encourage people to pursue their dreams, to pursue an education, to do what they want to do to better themselves. We want to create incentives for that, not disincentives for that.

Yeah, that's right. That is right.

You're right. And I think that you've raised a really wonderful point. Most jobs these days that can allow you to earn a salary that allows you to have a certain quality of life requires some kind of education after high school. And for some, it may not be college. It might be a trade school. It might be other things.

But we want to encourage people to do what they -- what they want to do to -- to take the -- take on the kind of jobs that they want.

Yes.

Well, I am still playing Cowboy Carter.

And I probably -- what's the latest? Tell me what's the latest?

Yeah. Tell me. What are you listening to?

Like who's young and hot who you love? Like who should I be thinking about? I need some -- you know, we count on -- we count on the young people to tell us like what's the latest dance and what's the latest music. What you got?

Appropriate songs for you.

Yeah. OK, good. All right.

OK. OK.

That's a good one, right? Yeah.

It's a good -- yeah. It's a whole -- she did a bunch of them. So, it's a whole album. OK. All right. You got to keep me posted on who's like the hot new music, OK?

Because sometimes, that information doesn't come through the White House. You know what I'm saying?

OK.

OK. I'm serious.

So, just know that you have the right to be free to live a good life and to be you. And just be you. And you just dream with ambition. You lead with a sense of purpose and know that we are all applauding you on. You are with a community of people who care about you. You are never alone, and you just have to know that, even though sometimes it may feel that way. Okay.

Look at you!