Good morning. Good morning to you, Erica. Good morning, Griff. It's good to be with you.

I grew up in the church as a young girl at 23rd Avenue Church of God in Oakland, California, and --

Yeah, right. And you know, from my youngest years, I grew up understanding faith to be a verb, right? It's how you live your life, as much as how you pray and how you receive God in your life. And I grew up believing and learning of a loving God. It is about -- you know, as we know and our faith teaches us.

It's about feeding the hungry, taking care of the elderly. And it is that approach to my work that has guided me through the work I've done, whether it be defending people, seniors who have been the subject of elder abuse, or consumers who have been scammed by big corporations or -- I took on the big banks during the foreclosure crisis because so many people we knew were the target of unfair and predatory lending practices.

And so in many, many ways, my faith has guided my work.

Yes, sir, my Bay Area brother.

Bay area. So, first of all, let me say this. You know, we have forever recognized and honored the fact that folks died for our right to vote, and we must honor that. In addition, we know, over the course of time, in the last many years, we've seen state legislators -- I'm looking at Georgia, for example -- who have intentionally tried to make it more difficult for folks to vote.

In Georgia, they passed a law that says it's illegal to give people food and water for standing in line to vote.

Understand how people are trying to silence your vote. And I say never let anybody take your power from you. Never let anybody silence you.

Yes, my dear. Oh, you know, these next six days, here's my prayer. I mean, I do always ask the Lord for strength and guidance. But I would ask you to join me in a prayer for the nation for bringing us together, for people having a sense of hope and optimism, and to remind us all that our faith teaches us to believe in things that we may not yet see, but what we know is possible and what we know is right and good.

And that would be the prayer I'd ask you to join me in.

Thank you, Soror Campbell, and thank you, GRIFF, and all your listeners. And I so appreciate you. So, yes, please go out and vote, and I'll talk to you soon. Thank you.