You're not running against Joe Biden, you're running against me.

Thank you. God bless you and may God bless the United States of America. Thank you.

Hi, Oprah.

It's so good to be back. And, Governor, thank you for everything you are and everything you do for this state. Thank you. Thank you.

Oh, my goodness. Oh, my goodness.

Hi, everyone. Oh, my goodness.

Yes.

I can.

I can. And I have to tell you, there is so much that I love about our campaign because it really is about the people. And I look around at these screens, Oprah, I look at who's in the room, and this is America.

This is America. You know, I was saying with a group of friends earlier, I think, in this moment, where we've dealt with so much that I think is quite exhausting around powerful forces that would try and divide us and try us -- to have us, as Americans, pointing fingers at each other that this movement that is about reminding each other that we have so much more in common than what separates us is so critically important, and this is about the strength of who we are as Americans.

And this movement that we're in about, as I like to say, seeing in the face of a stranger, a neighbor.

Right?

An extension of love thy neighbor, that you literally, in the face of a stranger, see a neighbor and approach each other with that level of dignity and grace and kindness.

Jotaka. Thank you, my dear. Oh.

She started it. Jotaka started it. It's your fault.

Organically. Organically. Like, this is the beauty of our country. You know, there's so much at stake in this election. And, ultimately, the question before us is what kind of country do we want to live in? And the beauty of a democracy -- as long as we can hold on to it -- the beauty of a democracy is each of us has the power, each of us has the power to answer that question, right?

Yes, please.

You know, we each have those moments in our lives where it's time to step up.

Time to step up, you know?

I felt a sense of responsibility, to be honest with you. And with that, comes a sense of purpose. But, I mean, we're all here, and you all are taking time out of your busy lives -- everyone here, everyone on the screen -- because there really is so much at stake. You know, I have spent the majority of my career being concerned about the well-being of other people.

As I have said, my career as a prosecutor, I never looked at a victim or a witness and asked them, "Are you a Republican or a Democrat?" The only thing I ever asked them is, "Are you OK?"

And traveling this country and knowing what is at stake in terms of fundamental freedoms, what's at stake in terms of fighting against hate and those efforts to divide us, and I do know that I am in a position to do something about it. So, I felt a great responsibility and the incredible power of the people, right, who -- and I'm not the only leader in this.

We're all leaders in this. This is so much bigger than me. It's about who we are as Americans, and it's about making clear what we stand for. And what we stand for, it is about the ideals upon which we were founded, including the importance of freedom and the importance of independence and the importance of dignity and purpose, but it is also about what we stand for in terms of our values. I think of it this way --

It really does. It does. I mean, think about it, Oprah. The idea that some would suggest and that my opponent suggests, which is that the measure of the strength of a leader is based on who you beat down. Come on. The real measure of the strength of a leader is based on who you lift up. And it's important for us to articulate that.

Hi, Justin.

With your help.

So, it's a wonderful and important question. You know my background was as a prosecutor, and I was also the elected attorney general for two terms of a border state. So, this is not a theoretical issue for me. This is something I've actually worked on. I have prosecuted transnational criminal organizations for the trafficking of guns, drugs, and human beings.

I take very seriously the importance of having a secure border and ensuring the safety of the American people. Sadly, where we are now can be traced most recently back to the fact that when the United States Congress, members of the Congress, including some of the most conservative Republicans, came up with a border security bill.

And here's what that border security bill would have done. It would have put 1,500 more border agents at the border. Let me tell you, those border agents are working around the clock. It would have just been about giving them some support and relief, which is probably why the border agents actually endorsed the bill.

It would have allowed us to stem the flow of fentanyl. And I'm looking at people from all over the country here, so I don't need to tell the folks who are watching this what fentanyl has done to families, to kids in our country, and the need to take seriously stemming the flow coming into our country and addressing that extraordinary and tragic issue in terms of its effect.

The bill would have allowed us to have more resources to prosecute transnational criminal organizations, and it would have been part of the solution. And Donald Trump called up those folks and said, "Don't put that bill on the floor for a vote." He blocked the bill. And you know why?

Because he'd prefer to run on a problem instead of fixing a problem. And he has put his personal political security before border security because understand, even in the intervening months, what that bill would have done to give support to folks who care about this issue. And this, again, gets to the point about what does leadership really look like, and is it about you or is it about the people? Is it about running on problems or fixing problems? My work and my career has always been about saying, "Let's fix problems. Let's address the needs,"

because we know it's within our capacity to do that.

Absolutely. And when I am elected president of the United States, I will make sure that bill gets to my desk, and I will sign it into law.

Thank you, Justin.

When I am elected president, I will make it a top priority to bring down costs and increase economic security for all Americans.

Hi, guys.

Hi.

Yeah. First of all, thank you both for being here. And yours is a story I hear around the country as I travel. And in terms of both rightly having the right to have aspirations and dreams and ambitions for your family and working hard and finding that the American dream is, for this generation and so many recently, far more elusive than it's been.

And we need to deal with that, and there are a number of ways. One is bringing down the cost of everyday necessities, including groceries. So, that's why I'm taking on, for example, price gouging, which is when -- you know, most companies and corporations are good, but for those bad ones, they take advantage of people, especially during a pandemic or extreme weather, and they end up jacking up prices.

And there needs to be accountability and consequence for that. So, I'm going to be taking on price gouging. But it's also about dealing with what we need to do around homeownership, right? So, as someone mentioned during this film -- look, I grew up a child of a mother who worked very hard. She raised me and my sister.

And she saved up, and by the time I was a teenager, she was able to buy a home. And we grew up, actually, for a long time, in an apartment on top of a childcare center that was owned by the woman we called our second mother, because she helped my mother raise us, and she was a small business owner, Ms.

Shelton. So, I'll bring all this together to tell you, the way I think about it is, one, when people work hard and have a dream of buying a home, we should give you the opportunity to be able to do that, which is why part of my plan is for first-time home buyers to have a $25,000 down payment assistance to buy your first home because people just need to be able to get their foot in the door, and then you'll do the hard work.

Part of my plan is what we need to do to support small businesses because my second mother was a small business owner. And I love our small businesses and our small business owners. They are not only business leaders, they are community leaders. They mentor, they hire locally. And we have so many entrepreneurs in our country who have great ideas, incredible work ethic, but not necessarily access to capital, because not everybody, like my opponent, was handed $400 million on a silver plate that he filed bankruptcy six times on.

And so, part of my plan is to give start-up, small businesses a $50,000 tax deduction to start up their small business. Right now, it's $5,000. Nobody can start a small business with $5,000. So, that's part of my plan.

That's business in --

It's a concept of a business, right?

You know where I'm going.

And part of --

Right. Right.

It just hasn't happened. Part of the -- to speak to you guys and your family and your dreams, is what we need to do around giving middle-class families tax breaks. And so, part of my plan is also to extend and expand the Child Tax Credit to $6,000, so that you can, in the first year of your child's life, have the resources to be able to buy a crib and a car seat and clothes for your baby, knowing that's such an extraordinarily important time in their development and you shouldn't have to worry about how you're going to take care of their basic needs.

All of this and more is part of what I plan to build, and I call it an opportunity economy. And it's basically about creating opportunities, knowing so many people have the ambition, have the aspirations, are working hard, but just need opportunity to reach their goals and their dreams.

Thank you. Thank you, guys.

Thank you.

Well, first of all, congratulations on all the success you've already achieved. And it is -- your story and the story of our friends before you is really that's the American story, right? You are working hard, you have goals, you have ambitions. And so, part of it is, again, the $25,000 down payment assistance.

Part of it is what we need to do to also push back against a very different vision for our country. Because, look, in this election, there are two very different visions for our country: One, for me, that is focused on the future, including you; and another that is focused on the past. What Donald Trump -- what my opponent plans on doing for the economy is doing what he did the last time he was president, and giving another tax break for billionaires and the biggest corporations that would add $5 trillion to our deficit.

And get this. He plans on doing what I call a Trump sales tax, which is, basically, he's going to put a 20% tax on everyday necessities that economists have estimated will cost the average American $4,000 more a year, which is why Goldman Sachs, which is why Moody's, which is why Wharton School of Business, which is why 16 Nobel laureates have collectively determined after analyzing our plans, one, mine would strengthen the economy, his would weaken it; two, that on his plan, he would actually blow up inflation and invite a recession by the middle of next year.

So, when you think about the cost of living, my approach is about lifting you up. His would be about actually weakening our economy. And I feel very strongly when an individual, when a small business, when a family, when the middle class is strong, America is strong.

Right?

There's Hadley.

That's right.

That's right.

Oh, Hadley. Honestly --

I'm just so sorry. And the courage that you all have shown is extraordinary because also you just learned about how it is that she died.

How, yeah.

And Amber's mom shared with me that the word over and over again in her mind is preventable. Preventable. That word keeps coming to her. And this story is a story that is, sadly, not the only story of what has been happening since these bans have taken place. And, you know, so the -- just to step back in terms of how we got here.

The former president chose three members of the United States Supreme Court with the intention that they would overdo the protections of Roe v. Wade, and they did as he intended. And in state after state, including yours, these abortion bans have been passed that criminalize health care providers. In a couple of states, prison for life, Oprah.

Prison for life in a couple of states for a doctor or nurse who provides health care. And so, it seems very apparent that --

But see, here's the problem with that. Here's the problem with that. So, is she on death's door before you actually decide to give her help?

Is that what we're saying?

Like, literally, a doctor or a nurse has to say, "She might die any minute. Better give her now care, because otherwise, I might go to prison for life," in some cases. Think about what we're doing in terms of saying that certain people who are in these State Houses, and then starting with the former president of the United States, think they're in a better position than a doctor or a nurse to determine when their patient needs medical care.

This literally -- and Amber's story highlights the fact that among everything that is wrong with these bans and what has happened in terms of the overturning of Roe v. Wade, it's a health care crisis. It's a healthcare crisis that affects the patient and the profession. And going back to Hadley's story -- and, Hadley, you've been so remarkable in telling your story and being so strong in the way you do it.

And both of these stories -- really, I mean, the courage -- out of pain, for you to tell these stories to help other people is just extraordinary. And, Hadley, you've been so remarkable. You know, Oprah, I don't know if you know this, but when I was in high school, I learned that my best friend was being molested by her stepfather.

And I said to her --

You have to come -- yeah. And she came to stay with us. I called my mother, and she came to stay with us. And the idea that these same legislators who would be saying, you know, "Criminalize health care providers" are also saying that after a person's body has been violated, that they have no right to make a decision about what happens to their body next, that's immoral.

That's immoral.

And one does not have to abandon their faith or deeply held beliefs to agree the government should not be telling her what to do.

Right? If she chooses, she will talk with her priest, her pastor, her rabbi, or her imam, but not the government telling her what's in her best interest.

Absolutely.

Hi, Julia.

I know.

That's right.

Yeah.

Yeah. I mean, I think that Doug has said it so eloquently, which is, we just need to apply common sense. And, look, I think for far too long on the issue of gun violence, some people have been pushing a really false choice to suggest you're either in favor of the Second Amendment or you want to take everyone's guns away.

I'm in favor of the Second Amendment, and I'm in favor of assault weapons bans, universal background checks, red flag laws. And these are just common sense. These are just common sense.

I'm a gun owner. Tim Walz is a gun --

If somebody breaks into my house, they're getting shot. I'm sorry.

Probably shouldn't have said that. My staff will deal with that later.

Yes, I have. But here's my point, Oprah, is that I'm not trying to take everyone's guns away. I believe in the Second Amendment. But we have to agree that -- look, I did, last fall, a college tour with college-age young people. So, I also did trade schools. And packed audience every time in their auditorium, and I would ask, "Please raise your hand if, at any point between kindergarten and 12th grade, you had to endure an active shooter drill." Almost every hand went up. It was bone-chilling.

It's bone-chilling. And think about it. You know, I grew up, we had fire drills only. Well, I grew up in California, we also had earthquake drills. But the fact that our children are sitting in a classroom where they should be fulfilling their God-given potential and exploring the wonders of the world, and some part of their brain realizes somebody could bust through that classroom door with a weapon -- with an assault weapon.

And let's all agree that the trauma, so many children, even those who have not directly experienced the tragedy --

I cannot tell you the number of young people who -- I mean, our kids had active shooter drills, that they're concerned that there might be somebody who would kill them while they are at school. This is not the sign of a civil society.

And it doesn't have to be this way.

It does not have to be this way. But we need to have the courage to act. I mean, look, my opponent, when he was told and knew about a shooting of a young girl, you know what he said? "Get over it. Get over it." No, we're not getting over it. No. And to the point, everyone should have a sense of collective responsibility for the children of our community and understand their right to live and be safe.

I have personally prosecuted homicide cases. I know autopsies. I've seen autopsies. I've seen what these weapons do to the human body. And we've got to agree that, in particular, when we're talking about something like an assault weapon, it's literally designed to be a tool of war. It has no place on the streets of a civil society.

It's designed to kill a lot of human beings quickly. And there are things we can do. I mean, thankfully, over the last three years we've done some. But it is common sense.

I think so.

Right. Right.

Thank you.

Not yet.  Forty-seven days.

That's right.

So, we will be ready. But just taking a step back -- and thank you, Meryl, for your -- just the gift that you give, you are -- your talent and your creativity. Thank you for being here. One of the things that I have realized in the course of our campaign is that more Americans than we may realize who voted for Trump before have decided January 6th was just a bridge too far.

When we reflect and think about what January 6th was, where the president of the United States, sitting in the Oval Office, incited a mob, a violent mob, to attack the United States Capitol, such that 140 law enforcement officers were injured, some were killed, to try and upend a free and fair election where the American people voted, that was a bridge too far for a lot of people.

And we have sadly now seen how far he could go. And I think there is absolutely no tolerance whatsoever for the vast majority of Americans for that. And they've seen the lies. They understand, for example, almost every court case -- I think every court case where he's challenged an election, he lost.

I said on the debate stage, look, because he's having a very difficult time, obviously, processing the fact that 81 million people fired him, right? So, there is that, that it really was a bridge too far for so many people that they are not willing to repeat. But the other piece of it is the lawyers are working.

It's very important that we all speak to our friends and our neighbors about misinformation and help them now see how it occurs, where it is occurring. It is important that we stand up for the integrity of poll workers and people who are working on Election Day. And that we also -- and this is critically important, that we ask people to be alert about mis- and disinformation, and we ask them, do not be afraid to vote because I think there is also something quite insidious about these attacks on the electorate in these various forms that are intended to convince people that their vote won't matter.

And, in that way, there's a little bit of reverse psychology going on here, and let's just make sure nobody falls for it. Your vote does matter, and we cannot let anyone ever take our power from us. We can never let anybody silence us. And when we get those votes out, starting soon -- early voting is already going to start this week, I think, through November 5th.

And let's make sure everyone votes. And we are going to have a good Election Day. We're going to fight for the integrity of the people's voice and for our democracy. And, you know, I'll just mention. Earlier, a couple of folks talked about what this means in terms of the world. You know, Oprah, as vice president, I've met over 150 world leaders: presidents, prime ministers, chancellors, and kings.

And the thing about representing the United States of the America is when we walk in those rooms around the world, we have historically and traditionally been able to walk in those rooms chin up, shoulders back, with the self-appointed and earned authority to talk about the importance of democracies.

People around the world are watching right now because, you see, the thing about walking into a room and being a role model is people watch what you do to see if it lines up with what you say. And, in that way, the consequences of this election are directly going to impact the American people and people around the world.

That's what we're fighting for and those are the stakes. And that's why we're going to win because we know what we're fighting for because we know what we stand for.

Thank you.

We love our country. I love our country. I know we all do. That's why everybody is here right now. We love our country. We take pride in the privilege of being American. And this is a moment where we can and must come together as Americans, understanding we have so much more in common than what separates us.

Let's come together with the character that we are so proud of about who we are, which is we are an optimistic people. We are an optimistic people. Americans, by character, are people who have dreams and ambitions and aspirations. We believe in what is possible. We believe in what can be. And we believe in fighting for that.

That's how we came into being because the people before us understood that one of the greatest expressions of the love of our country, one of the greatest expressions of patriotism, is to fight for the ideals of who we are, which includes freedom to make decisions about your own body, freedom to be safe from gun violence, freedom to have access to the ballot box, freedom to be who you are and just be, to love who you love openly and with pride, freedom to just be.

And that's who we are. We believe in all that. And so, this is a moment where we stand, knowing what we are fighting for. We're not fighting against. It's what we're fighting for.

Thank you, Jotaka.

We're better than this.

I will.

Thank you, Oprah.

Good night.