Alex, it's Kamala Harris. How are you?

Of course. It's good to hear your voice.

It is. And -- but I think it's just the fact is we have a spirit  full of people from every walk of life and every place around the world. And what I think makes us strong as America is that we know the vast majority of  have so much more in common than what separates us.

First of all, your vote is so very important. Your vote is about your voice speaking about the kind of country you want to live  and whether it is a country that recognizes the -- the ambitions, dreams, and the aspirations of their people and then invests with opportunities. My leadership as president will be focused on making sure that that  strengthen their family to grow a small business  taking of their children, to live in the middle class and to do the work that is about growing and prosperity  and a sense of knowing hard work is more than just getting by, but it is getting ahead.  plans include tax breaks for small businesses.

It includes tax breaks for young parents. It includes investing in health care for our seniors so that families taking care of their elderly parents have Medicare coverage.

First of all, I  in America, broken and it must be fixed  which includes creating a pathway for citizenship for people to earn their citizenship. And right now, it's broken, but that is  one of my priorities  doing that and, of course, strengthen our border but to recognize America is  working  orderly immigration  for everyone.

Well, there are big differences. First of all, I  believe in  and people  to recognize the  and the diversity. Donald Trump  through his language, constantly putting people down and trying to make people . He has an enemies list.  president that  they want  things that he would terminate  the United States.

Many people who come from different countries and have fled from countries where there are dictators know that  I believe in democracy.  a capitalist. I believe in the ability of people to earn a living and build wealth and grow wealth. I believe in the dignity  and feeding people with those . There's a very big difference, both in terms of, I think, our character, but also in terms of policy.

He would implement tax cuts for the richest people just like he did the last time he was president, where he gave tax cuts to billionaires and big corporations  tax cuts for middle-class families. I will  tax cuts for small businesses. I will give tax cuts to young families who are trying to raise their child .

It is amazing, but  we have now a whole day of voting  and I am a hard-worker, Alex. I believe you have to work until the very end. And so, I am so honored to be on your  to remind  please go and vote because that is part of your power in our democracy. It's to exercise your voice, your power, through your vote.

Don't let anyone silence you. Don't let anyone feel like it doesn't matter. You matter. Your vote matters. And we will build a new way forward with a new generation of leadership in America.

Thank you so much, Alex. I'll talk to you again. Please be careful. Be well. Mucho gusto.