Thank you. Very well, Shannon. How are you doing?

Yeah.

I thank you.

Thank you.

Thank you, Shannon.

Oh, bless you, and thank you. And to you, Shannon.

To you for all the success and the voice you give to so many issues. Thank you for that.

Thank you. And cheers to you.

And I'm not going to actually drink this because I might fall asleep, and I need to do this event with Barack Obama this afternoon.

So, here's -- here we are. Cheers to everybody.

Yeah.

I do. So, I was home. It was a Sunday afternoon. And my niece, her husband, and their two young daughters were visiting and staying with us. And I promised the kids I'd have pancakes and bacon and everything.

And then after that, I had a puzzle for the kids, and we were sitting down to do the puzzle.

And the phone rang.

And it was President Biden. And so, that's when he told me. And it was obviously life-changing in so many ways. But, you know, I have to tell you, Shannon, I -- at that moment I knew what it would mean but not in the detail of it, but I certainly understood the seriousness and the gravity of the moment. And, actually, one of the first people I called was my pastor.

I knew I needed a moment to just be still and for my spirit and my mind to have clarity about the seriousness of the moment and my role. And I'll never forget that --

That call or that moment or that day.

Yes, it did.

Right.

I had a -- I had a sense of it, you know, like so many of us, you know, when you -- you know. You -- this is your life, right? So, there are those moments where your instinct kicks in sometimes before your conscious mind and thoughts do.

And my instinct kicked in immediately that I need to focus and I need to do certain things immediately, which included making -- I think we estimated I made over 100 calls that day. My team -- and I have an incredible team -- all came in. And, you know, nobody expected it, right? It was a Sunday afternoon.

In fact, we actually joked who had taken a shower that day because, you know, people came in in their workout clothes.

You know, different people and, you know, bandana around their head just, you know -- and came in. And we then -- for hours and hours, well into the night.

Well, so, the news started --

As you can imagine -- pretty much immediately. And -- but, you know, of the many blessings that I have and have had, one of them is an incredible team of people around me. You know what that's like. --

Where they're just there, and they will rise to a moment. And no matter how high that moment is or meaning how -- how serious it is. And what I love -- and it's certainly my own work ethic -- that there is no job too small or too big if there's something that needs to get done.

I -- I'm having -- I'd probably estimate 14-hour, 15-hour days.

When I wake up, no matter how little sleep or how much sleep I've had, I work out every morning.

You know -- you know.

It's -- mind, body, and spirit, right? And -- and then, you know, and it's -- that's the only time in my day I really own. And then it is -- these days I -- it's not unusual for me to be in three or even four cities in one day, rallies with thousands of people, 10,000 people showing up, making calls to folks.

Just now, I landed in Atlanta, the mayor of Atlanta who greets me every single time --

So, I'll talk with elected leaders who are supportive about -- so, for example, here in Atlanta, what do we need to do to make sure that we're giving folks the resources to knock on doors and remind folks of the power of their voice. And 12 days in, it really is a lot about trying to focus on getting folks to know their power to not let anybody suppress or silence their voice and to vote.

No, I -- I -- you know, I -- when I was younger, I didn't think I needed breakfast. I wasn't a breakfast eater.

Now, I have breakfast every morning. It's usually a -- a spinach omelet. It's not very exciting.

But it's protein with a little vegetable. And, you know, I -- I like chicken apple sausage and -- and some toast. And then I'm -- I'm gone.

Thank you.

Come on now. I'm your guest.

But -- just keep moving because you -- I'm going to give you a shovel in a minute.

Yes.

Oh, yes. "Fire," you -- I mean, come on.

Come on.

Dun-dun-dun, dun-dun-dun-nun.

Oh, you know, I wish I were listening to more music to be honest with you. Because I love -- it just -- but when I do --

I don't have any downtime, really.

I know my little violin I'm playing right now with you. I really don't. But when I -- I love -- I love jazz, you know, if it's from Thelonious Monk to Miles Davis. I love Aretha. I was just with Stevie.

Stevie -- can I tell you?

Bucket list -- Stevie Wonder, on my birthday, sang me "Happy Birthday." Can you believe --

Day to me.

Can you imagine?

I was -- I was literally -- I -- it was -- it was surreal. Can you -- a bucket list moment --

When Stevie Wonder himself sings you "Happy Birthday."

Yeah.

Never.

Never.

Never. And let me tell you, my mother loved -- she had every Stevie and every Aretha Franklin record, every album, like literally every one of them. So, for -- I mean, you know, "Songs in the Key of Life." Like all those -- all those Stevie songs that were about everything from the movement to optimism. I would have never, at 18, thought that he'd be singing me "Happy Birthday" ever.

Never, never.

Yes. Yes.

And second Black woman ever in the history of the United States Senate elected. Second in the history of the United States Senate.

That's more where I am. The work is not done. The work is not yet done. There's so much to do. I mean, from -- to your point being in the Senate, so I -- there is a weight of responsibility that I -- I know we all feel, right, when we have been blessed with an experience that allows us to be a role model --

And to, hopefully, inspire people and to remind them of what's important or point out the things that need to be addressed. So, for example, as only the second Black woman elected to the United States Senate, I took on a real role of leadership around Black maternal mortality, which affects Black women and affects their spouses, their husbands, their families, their children.

And I feel a sense of responsibility and a very strong duty to make sure that I use my voice and, in a way, that is about lifting up people who have not always been in the room.

If I could speak to my 18-year-old self, I would probably tell her, "Continue to keep your friends." You know my best friend from kindergarten is still one of my best friends.

Yes. In fact --

In fact, she's --

She's -- yes. In fact, she's been out knocking on doors in North Carolina just this last week for me.

I would say, you know, hold on to those to -- hold on to that, which is your friends are so important. Your family is so important. I would probably encourage myself at 18 to remember that you have a lot of people who are supporting you even if they don't know you. You know, that's what I mentor a lot of people, Shannon.

So, this is what I'm really reflecting on, which is what I tell the young people I mentor, including to know that -- even when you are in that room and you're the only one who looks like you or who has had your life experience, to know you are not alone in that room and that you must, therefore, walk in that room chin up, shoulders back, knowing we're all there applauding you.

When I mentor young women and men, I remind them that you are often going to be told, "Well, it's not your time, not your turn, you're too young, nobody like you has done this before." And I tell them, you know, "Don't you ever listen to that." I like to say I eat no for breakfast. I don't hear no. You ask me what I eat for breakfast.

I eat no breakfast.

I don't hear it.

And that's part of what are my life lessons that I try to share with young people to remind them that you cannot ever be burdened by other people's limited ability to understand who you are. Like don't let their limited ability burden you --

About your own ability. You know?

Well, it told me that one of the things that is precious is to build community and family.

Like my mother, she -- she understood that there is a community that she wanted her children to be raised in, and she was very intentional and purposeful about that. And so, I always say to people, even when I took the stage as the nominee for the Democratic nomination, that, you know, there is the family that you have by birth, and there is also the family you have by love.

And they're equally family.

Right? And I learned that from my mother. So, my mother -- I had all these aunties and uncles. My Uncle Sherman, who was one of the first Black men to graduate from Berkeley School of Law, who, when we were young girls, sat us down and taught us how to play chess -- because Uncle Sherman said you need to understand how the chess board works because that's the way the world works.

They're going to be different players with different moves, and you need to see the whole board. My mother raised us around like my Auntie Chris , who went to Howard in the '50s and pledged Alpha Kappa Alpha. And she was one of my incredible role models growing up, and that was one of the big reasons I wanted to go to Howard University and pledge Alpha Kappa Alpha.

Those were some of the lessons that I've learned from my mother and I try to also share with people, right, which is the beauty of community. And it's -- it's the way I am, right, which is, you know, the children in my life, whether they be my own or, you know, my godchildren or whomever, right. That it's a collective responsibility that we have.

Well, my mother taught us to -- and everyone in my growing up, you know, they would tell all of us kids that we were special.

I don't think we were particularly special.

But they told us we were, and we believed them.

We believed them. I think that's such an important part of what we can all do for the children and the children in our lives. And, you know -- but my mother raised two Black girls to be proud Black women. One of -- back to music, one of the soundtracks from my childhood was, you know, you are "Young, Gifted and Black." You know?

And that's what it was.

Yeah.

Yes. Yes.

Grief is difficult. It's difficult. You know, there are two sides to the coin about when you have relationships in your life that touch you deeply. And then to lose that person, it leaves a big void, right? That's the two sides. And I think that part of what -- I was just talking about this -- but the big part about grief is, especially if you lose somebody to -- to a sickness, to an illness, I think it's really important that you try to remember them as they lived and not as they died.

Because I think that's how they'd want us to remember them. But also to remember their suffering, which hopefully was a fraction of their time on this Earth, is to compound the grief in a way that I think -- it adds to the pain. And what they'd want is that their active memory -- that our active memory of them is about when they were vibrant and alive.

So...

Well -- so, I'm really glad you brought that up, Shannon. So, first of all, let's clear up certain myths.

You know those checks that went out.

Right. Right.

Yeah, I know. Well, all right. Yes. Yes.

The reason those came about is because there was a Democratic majority in the House of Representatives in Congress, people like Maxine Waters, people like Hakeem Jeffries, right --

Who did the work of pushing to say people need help right now, and we need to send out checks. There was a whole lot of opposition to it, including from Donald Trump's White House.

And him -- yes. That's why those checks -- remember, Congress holds the purse.

So, really, Congress wrote those checks, but then Donald Trump, unlike any president before or after, decided he'd put his name on those checks.

So, people thought, "Donald Trump gave me that check." And so, let's clear that up first and foremost --

But let's also deal with where he was in terms of his policies on the economy. He gave the biggest tax cuts for billionaires and the biggest corporations, which caused an incredible deficit. He tried to get rid of the Affordable Care Act, which we also call Obamacare, which benefited so many people, including and in particular Black people in America who otherwise were denied by the insurance companies health coverage because of preexisting conditions.

Right.

That's exactly right. And if you think about what that means in the context of also knowing the big health disparities we have in the Black community --

And how more likely, therefore, Black folks might be to have preexisting conditions --

All of that.

All of that.

Asthma for our children.

It's all of that. So, by getting rid of the preexisting condition ban, what that did -- but he wanted to get rid of the Affordable Care Act.

What we have done in part of my policy as going forward include what we need to do to not only retain the cap that we got on insulin at $35 a month for seniors -- by the way, Black folks are 60 percent more likely to be diagnosed with diabetes.

He wants to get rid of it with that Project 2025. Everybody needs to check that out. What he would do to get rid of Social Security or, at least, raise the age to 70, so you'd have to work to 70 to -- to be able to qualify --

Get rid of Medicare, get rid of the Affordable Care Act. And that's just on health policy. Not to mention bringing back, not only tax cuts for the richest people, but what he would do that is about eliminating or reducing the ability of corporations to require -- be required to pay overtime -- overtime pay.

For overtime.

That's right. And overtime means you are actually working a longer day, which means you are more tired --

Which means it requires more exertion. That's why we have overtime pay, so you don't take advantage of workers. In addition to all of that, we're looking at Donald Trump, basically, somebody who has never been understanding of the issues that affect the community about disparities. And I'm going to talk, for example, about how when he was a landlord, he denied rent to Black families.

You look at what he did in terms of taking out a full-page ad in "The New York Times" against the Central Park Five --

Which were a bunch of -- they're not young adults. They were teenagers, Black and brown teenagers. Took out a full-page ad on the New York -- in "The New York Times" calling for their execution for crimes they did not commit. They were innocent. Donald Trump, who said of the first Black president of the United States the birtherism to have people question whether he was born in the United States to try and diminish -- and then most recently, you look in this very election, legal Black immigrants in Springfield, Ohio, saying they're eating their pets.

So, I -- you know, part of what we have to help people understand is don't think you're in Donald Trump's club. You're not.

He's not going to be thinking about you. You think he's having you over for dinner. You think that when he's going -- when he's with his buddies, his billionaire buddies, he's thinking about what we need to do to deal with addressing, for example, my work around what I'm doing to address disparities in Black men's health around colon cancer, around what we need to do around screenings, what we need to do around prostate cancer Black men are twice as likely to have.

And screenings, what we need to do to address --

Right. You know what I'm talking about.

So, let's talk about that. I'm glad you raised that. So, for example, groceries. Yes, the prices are still too high. You know it. I know it.

Part of my plan is to deal with price gouging -- I did it when I was attorney general. I'm going to do it as president -- which is these companies that will jack up the prices of groceries to take advantage of people in need and, in particular, during a crisis like what you see around the pandemic or Hurricane Helene.

Right.

Milton, right? So, there's that. In terms of housing, first of all, we know that Black families are 40 percent less likely to own their home. And we can go back to redlining. We can go back to -- to policies that were, by law or practice, meant to not give Black folks equal opportunity to homeownership, especially in certain neighborhoods.

We can go back to what happened around the GI Bill and when -- when all those -- the great generation we call them -- came back and there was federal policy to say, "You all fought for our country. We're going to give you a boost around helping you buy homes." But those Black servicemen -- and it was mostly men -- those Black servicemen did not.

So, you had then a time when there was a boost for -- it ended up being not for Black servicemembers. So, part of my policy is to, one, create a fund so that we will give a $25,000 down payment to first-time homeowners to just help people get in the door. We will deal with the rent issue because part of what we're seeing in Atlanta, in places across our country, is these corporations are buying up all these properties, which means then that they don't have to deal with competition between the properties, and they're jacking up rent costs.

So, it's about also going after that corporate gouging around what they're doing to buy up and then jack up the prices of rent. We also need to help people with small-business ownership. I did, even before I was running for president, a tour. I called it the Opportunity Economy Tour focused on Black men and Black entrepreneurs.

What we know is unlike Donald Trump, who got $400 million handed to him practically on a silver platter and, by the way, Shannon, filed for bankruptcy six times. Everybody wants to say he's a great businessman. Take a look at his record. I know that so many of our entrepreneurs who have great ideas don't have access to capital, but they have serious work ethic, great ideas, and a plan to do the work.

So, part of my plan is to increase access to capital, including giving $20,000 forgivable loans for startup capital for people to buy the equipment --

And then to change the tax deduction. So, whereas it is now $5,000 -- to make it $50,000 to start a new business because nobody can start a new business on $5,000.

And the direct benefit when we're looking at Black entrepreneurs is profound. And all it is is about saying this: Americans in general, regardless of their race or gender, we have ambition, we have aspirations, we have dreams, but not everyone has access to the opportunity to let some actually accomplish that.

I want to increase access to opportunity.

Yeah.

So, Shannon, to your point, there was an independent economic review of Donald Trump's plan, which shows that Social Security in the next six years would be insolvent under his plan, meaning that it would not be able to pay out what hardworking people who deserve dignity in their retirement deserve. And as you and I both know, there are a lot of our seniors who their only source of income is that Social Security check.

Right? It's their -- the only way they're going to pay the rent or have food on the table. So, my plan is about doing what we need to do to put the resources back into Social Security but also expanding it because here's part of the problem with Social Security -- is that for our aging seniors, if they are a couple, for example, and one of the spouses passes, that cuts their Social Security benefits almost in half.

So, part of my plan is to reconfigure it so that that surviving spouse does not then have a crisis where they've already lost their loved one. But we also just have to understand on a macro level, we've got to require that billionaires and corporations pay their fair share, right? They can afford to, and that's part of what is the difference between me and -- and Donald Trump.

My plan is about tax cuts for small businesses, for working people, for middle-class people. A hundred million Americans will benefit around tax cuts. My plan is that no taxes will be raised for anybody making less than $400,000 a year. My plan is that we give young parents a $6,000 Child Tax Credit to help them pay for child care for a crib or a car seat because you and I both know, the vast majority of our young parents have a natural desire to parent their children well but not always the resources.

And back to the way I was raised, I know that the children of the community are the children of the community. That you and I will benefit from that young family having the resources they need. So, it's about all of us benefiting, but it's a -- it's a state of mind, and it's a perspective. Mine is about thinking about the challenges people face and getting them help.

Donald Trump is full time focused on himself. You watch his rallies. He will spend full time talking about -- I was going to say Freddy Krueger -- Hannibal Lecter. It might as well be Freddy Krueger. Hannibal Lecter. He'll spend full time talking about his grievances about what everyone has done to him. He'll talk about himself, but he does not talk about the American people.

He does not talk about what he's going to do for middle class. He does not talk about what he's going to do for families, for working people. And we're 12 days out. This is probably one of the most serious elections that we have faced in our lifetime. My perspective -- and I will be the kind of president who spends full time focused on the needs of the people.

That has been my career. I have spent my whole career as a public servant trying to uplift the condition of other people, knowing what is possible and doing it with a sense of optimism. On January 20th, a new president is going into the White House, period. A new president is going into the White House. Do you want to look at the Oval Office and see a Donald Trump who's going to be sitting there, filling out his enemies list, spending full time figuring out retribution and revenge, or looking at the Oval Office and knowing you have a president in there who is creating a to-do list that's about what to do to help the American people?

No. No, here's -- look, people work hard all their lives, and they deserve to be able to retire with dignity. I'll tell you how I come at this. I come at it from a number of perspectives, including thinking about how I was raised in terms of how you take care of the elders, right? I think about it in terms of taking care of my mother when she was sick and dying from cancer. So, one of my policies, for example, is to help Medicare pay for home health care for seniors. Why? Because, look, I did it. And it means, you know, trying to cook for an elder to make something they feel like eating, right, to help them put on a sweater. And we have so many people who are in the sandwich generation. They're raising their young kids and taking care of their parents. And either they have to deplete their savings to qualify for Medicaid, right, to be able to help pay for home health care, or they have to quit their job to do the work of taking care of their kids and their parent. And I just believe that's not right -- that we should have policies that give people dignity, especially our seniors. So, my plan is Medicare pays for home health care.

And no, I would not raise the age of eligibility for Social Security because the same thing. We shouldn't force people to work until they're 70 in order to retire and have a moment to just enjoy their life and not worry about how they're going to pay their rent.

What is a -- no. What is a priority for me is making sure that access to health care is a right and not just a privilege to those who can afford it. That's why I am in favor of and have pushed and been a leader on capping the cost of insulin at $35 a month and why I intend to allow Medicare to actually negotiate against the big pharmaceutical companies to bring down the cost of prescription medication for everybody.

That's why I have fought for what we need to do around making sure Medicare covers senior care. Access to health care should not be a question of how much money you have in your back pocket. That's just not right.

And I feel strongly about that.

But here's the thing. The question for everybody, should he be president of the United States?

Right? That's the question. Should he have the ability to -- to sit behind the seal of the president of the United States when he says he wants to terminate the Constitution of the United States. You know what that would mean? In the Constitution of the United States is your Fourth Amendment right against unreasonable search and seizure, your Fifth Amendment right, your Sixth Amendment right to an attorney.

But the First Amendment, the Second Amendment -- look, I'm in favor of the Second Amendment. I don't believe we should be taking anybody's guns away. He wants to terminate the Constitution of the United States. He is the same one, like I said earlier, who denied rent to Black families, who took out that full page ad in "The New York Times" calling for the execution of those children, who -- who birtherism accusations against the first Black president, not to mention his -- please ask folks to google Project 2025.

He would get rid of the $35 a month cap on insulin. We know how many of our seniors had it. I'll give you another example of why Donald Trump has not earned the support of folks to be president of the United States again. When he was president the last time, during the height of COVID -- during the height of COVID, one in three Black Americans knew somebody who died from COVID.

You remember those days?

And people couldn't get their hands on a COVID test. At that very same time, Donald Trump as president, secretly sent COVID tests to the president of Russia for his personal use while Americans were dying every day. He has not earned the right to be president of the United States. It's one thing if he has a television show that's very popular.

He can put his name on a building, even though we all know he was not a terribly good businessman, which is why he filed for bankruptcy six times. But that is one thing. To be president of the United States means to try and find common ground to build consensus to lift up the American people instead of trying to beat people down all the time.

It means solving problems, which means you have to be able to get out of your own head and scan to be concerned about the well-being of other people and then do something about it. Does anyone think Donald Trump thinks that way?

That's exactly right. That's exactly -- and we know that's not his character. So, it's about -- is this the right person for that job, right?

It's just another example of him trying to divide and him trying to scare people. It's just another example of him doing that -- of him trying to say it's either you or them, right? And the other thing is that it's incredibly demeaning because -- and he still has not been forced to define -- Donald Trump -- what do you define as a Black job?

Because let me tell you what I define as a Black job: vice president of the United States.

Right?

Well, you know, not everybody is Shannon Sharpe.

Yes, I have.

My whole adult life.

I've always wanted to serve. You know, I was raised -- I mean, back to whether you are -- however you were raised in the community in which you are raised, including the church in which you are raised, I have always believed that it is an important pursuit to figure out how you can serve. And we can do it in different ways, right?

I chose public service. You chose a different route. But it's about service. And I have always -- I mean, I've only had one client my entire life, the people. And what I -- and the reason I keep doing it is because I know the difference that I and we can make when we believe in what is possible and then work hard at it. And my pledge in this campaign to everyone, regardless of who you are, where you live, what you look like, I will be a president for all Americans.

And I will work to bring our country back together because, frankly, I think people are exhausted with the anger, with the -- hate, with the -- the division, the attempt to have Americans pointing their fingers at each other. I think people are exhausted. It's not healthy for the productivity of our country.

Like do we want to strive? Do we want to thrive? Or do we want to spend full time with vengeance, demeaning other people? And living a life of service is about, I think, the importance of lifting people up, not tearing them down.

Well, part of it is -- is, just to be candid, I think that there's -- there's sadly a misinformation out there about who I am and what I've done because if -- if people are informed about fact, they will know that almost everything that I'm talking about doing as president is built on a foundation of work that I've been doing for years.

If it is about economic empowerment of the Black community and all communities, I've been working on that. As vice president, I am responsible for billions of dollars from big banks and big corporations, including technology companies getting into community banks to increase access to capital for minority-owned and other small businesses.

If you look at my work over a period of years, my focus again on something like maternal mortality is long-standing, which directly impacts Black men and Black women --

And -- and -- and the Black family. If you look at the work that I am doing that is about small businesses -- you know the person who helped my mother raise us, who was a second mother to us, was a small-business owner. I have always focused for such a long time on what we need to do, knowing that our small businesses are part of the culture of our communities, right, including the economic fabric and strength of the community.

So, what I'm talking about doing right now is based on long-standing work. It's not new -- but as president of the United States, part of why it is important is it is a new approach to that job. It is about a new way that is based on a new generation of leadership that is based on new ideas and, frankly, a different experience that brings my commitment to the work I am talking about into being.

Yeah.

Yeah, that's right. So, that's in fact why I did, starting last year or earlier this year, my economic opportunity tour before I was running for president because I realized that so many of our entrepreneurs don't actually have the -- we need to do better in getting information to people about what's available to them.

So, for example, through the -- the Small Business Administration, there are funds available to help people create a business plan. There is resources available to help people just know how that you need to run a payroll, how you need to pay business taxes. Part of my plan by the way is to simplify taxes for small businesses.

I -- I like to say it's, basically -- I'm going to date myself -- like you remember the 1040EZ? Did you ever have to do a 1040EZ? Probably never.

OK, I did. But, you know, simplifying tax returns for people, including our small businesses. But the work that I have done and will continue to do is about knowing that we don't lack for hard work. We don't lack for good ideas, but we do lack for information about the help that is available. So, that's part of how it is going to be about increasing access to capital.

Part of it is about putting more money. So, I called up and got in touch with and worked with some of the big CEOs of the biggest corporations in America and said -- and the big banks -- that you all don't necessarily -- you're not there in the community where you can get a $100,000 loan to a small business.

You guys deal at a different level. But those $100,000 loans for a startup will go a long way. Let's get -- get those billions of dollars that you've got, put them into community banks who are in the community, who know what the community needs, what they want, what the consumers there want, and then support those small businesses.

So, that's my approach to access to capital, including making sure that people have, again, simplifying taxes for small businesses. You know why, Shannon? Small businesses can't afford to hire a bunch of accountants --

And a bunch of lawyers. But that shouldn't be the reason they fail because they didn't fill out the form properly.

Right?

So, my approach is really understanding the -- the culture, understanding the needs, and then trying to fix problems. I love fixing problems with common-sense solutions. And again, look, Donald Trump is never -- he is never going to relate necessarily to the kind of folks that I'm talking about who are on the ground, just need to be seen and heard.

And then let's fix the problems. Let's address the challenges to let them, not just get by, but get ahead. And I want to put a fine point on this. Maybe it's a new perspective. I think it is. I believe that we have had great success in bringing Black unemployment down to historic lows.

But for me that's the floor. For me, that's the floor because what I know is that it should be baseline that everybody is working. That's not enough. People want to build wealth --

And intergenerational wealth.

And I want to help people do that, right? I know what -- if folks want to be able to take a nice vacation from time to time, have nice Christmas gifts for their kids under the tree -- and it can't just be about, "Well, you've got a job, applaud me for for what I've done for you," right? And that's the spirit with which I do my work.

Yes.

That they're trying to cover up. That they're trying to cover up.

But -- and understand that they want to get rid of the Department of Education and get rid of Head Start. You know whose kids are in Head Start? They want to -- it is -- and to your point -- and I'm so glad you pointed this out. You know, these are the same people who, basically, suggested that -- that enslaved people benefited from slavery.

The same people who are trying to ban and are banning books. And again, if we don't teach America's full history, we will never ensure that we don't make the same --

Do those same things again.

And the effects of it.

And the present day effects of it.

Yes, that's exactly right. So, first of all, I have personally prosecuted transnational criminal organizations for the trafficking of guns, drugs, and human beings. I have prosecuted the Sinaloa Cartel, OK, the Guadalajara Cartel. So, I put my record up to anybody in terms of how strongly I feel about having a secure border and making sure that there is not that kind of trafficking into America.

I also know that we need to put more resources at the border, which is why I supported a bill that came about, including from the most conservative members of Congress, to put 1,500 more border agents at the border to do what we need to do to cut down the flow of fentanyl coming into the United States, which is killing people of every race and background.

Would -- more resources would have gone to prosecuting human trafficking. Donald Trump got word of that bill, and he knew it would be a solution to a problem, which is that we have a broken immigration system. He got word of the bill, and he told his friends in Congress, "Don't put it up for a vote. Don't let it go any further." Because, you see, he wants to run on a problem --

Instead of fixing a problem.

And his -- and his -- and his putting out tens of millions of dollars of campaign commercials full time trying to suggest that he cares about strengthening the border when he had an opportunity to participate in a solution, which he killed, because he's not about problem solving. It's about a political game for him.

My point is: We got to strengthen the border, and we need to have an immigration system that is fair and humane and strong in terms of making sure that people have to earn citizenship. They have to work hard to get it. My plan includes also strengthening what we need to do in terms of illegal entry in between ports of entry, what we need to do to put more support for Border Patrol agents, put more technology at the border.

But it includes also, you know, I'm never going to talk about people from Haiti eating their pets.

And I think that we also know we don't want an immigration system that's about separating children from their parents. We can do it in a humane way, but the bottom line is we can fix these problems. The solutions are at hand. He -- he stands in the way.

And, in particular, on this issue.

Absolutely. And -- and -- and also, I would work across the aisle with Republicans. There are a lot of Republicans supporting me --

In this campaign. And I would work with Republicans to bring this bill back up, so I can sign it into law.

And I -- and I do want to talk about that for a moment. This is not 2016 or 2020 in terms of how people are thinking about Donald Trump. He was president, and the people who worked the most closely with him, Republicans at the highest level; his former chief of staff; his former defense secretaries; his former national security adviser; and his former vice president, have collectively said he is dangerous and unfit to be president of the United States.

And, Shannon, you can just watch his rallies. I mean, did you see that 39 minutes of him swaying back and forth to YMCA? No -- the man -- you have to watch, and I encourage everybody who's watching this. Watch what he's doing at these rallies. He is increasingly unstable and -- and unfit to be president according to the people who knew him best.

All Republicans, by the way, who I just referred to --

Who know he is unfit to be commander in chief, he who will talk about servicemembers -- a lot of your listeners and the people who are a fan of your show have served or do serve in the United States military. He talks about military servicemembers as being uncourageous, as being cowards, suckers, and losers.

This is how the man talks. And so, let's not get distracted by who he was on "The Apprentice."

Let's not get distracted by whatever, you know, building and whatever city in Vegas or wherever has his name on it. Let's look at the job of president of the United States, and is he fit to do that job. And by the people who know him best, including some most recently a four-star marine general, his former chief of staff, they all say -- those who know him best -- he is unfit and dangerous.

Yeah.

I'm going to keep fighting for it. And yes -- because, first of all, what I know is that too many people have been weighed down by their student loan debt --

To the point they question whether they can have a family, whether they can -- can retire at some point, whether they can buy a home. So, that's why I pushed for what we did around student loan debt. And thankfully, for example, we have billions of dollars in student loan debt relief that have gone, for example, to public servants like teachers and nurses and firefighters.

But there's more we need to do. But, you know, if I go into various communities like here in Atlanta and ask people how many people got their student debt relieved, the number of hands that go up and the life-changing experience people have had reminds me of the importance of this fight. And I'm going to continue to do it.

I hope so. And I -- and I encourage people to go online to see how he says it. I encourage people to go online to see how he talks about a day of violence. Did you ever see the movies?

Right. Understand -- again, don't take my word for it.

Yeah. Take his, and see where he stands on these issues.

Proudly.

Oh, know your excellence and know we are so proud of you, and we want you to have ambition. We -- we applaud your ambition. We want you to know you can do and be anything, and don't ever hear no. And that know you stand on broad shoulders, right? Because part of what we know is we have a legacy.

And we stand then in that path knowing that we also have the honor and the duty of excelling in every way possible, being able to see what is possible and not be burdened by other people's limited ability to see the same.

Yeah.

Yeah.

So, I'm so glad you brought it up, Shannon. First of all, think about one of the most basic rights that you could imagine is the right for you to be able to make decisions about your own body.

Your own body.

And the court just took that right away from women to make decisions about their own body and not have their government tell them what to do. And I think an important emphasis for me is you don't have to give up your faith or deeply held beliefs on this subject to agree the government shouldn't be telling her what to do. If she chooses she'll talk with her pastor, her priest, her rabbi, her imam -- but not the government telling her.

And we need to fight against this. We need to understand how many women are suffering miscarriage and being denied help because the doctors are afraid they may end up in jail. In Texas, do you know they provide prison for life for doctors or nurses who provide reproductive care -- prison for life, Shannon.

In the state of Georgia, a beautiful young woman, a mother of a six-year-old son, died because of these Trump abortion bans. The majority of Black women and the men who love them live in the South.

Do you know in every state in the South, except for Virginia, there is a Trump abortion ban?

Right. And -- and so, we all have to stand, regardless of your gender, regardless of your -- your race, your background, we have to stand and say, "Look, this is just simply not right." And we cannot stand for the notion that Donald Trump could be president of the United States, he who chose a Supreme Court that would take this right from the women of America and the men who loved them.

And now, we have women suffering to such an extent as they are. I think it's one of the most fundamental rights that's at play.

Yes.

Oh, come on.

You know.

Thank you, all. Thank you.