Good morning.

I am very well. How are you doing?

Yeah.

Let me just say, Karen, the path to the White House runs through North Carolina, and it's a tight race. We are tied. Every vote matters, and so, I am working hard all day long continuously to get out the vote, to remind people the polls are open until 7:30 this evening. You can go to iwillvote.com to be sure about where you can vote.

But listen, this is about turning the page and bringing in a new generation of leadership for America that is about getting things done, finding common-sense solutions, bringing folks together knowing we have so much more in common than what separates us. And there are two choices in this race. And it's about the direction of our country, whether we want to go backward or forward; whether we want to have somebody walk into the Oval Office with his enemies list and his grievances and it being all about him or me going into the Oval Office with my to-do list.

That's about working on behalf of the American people to bring down the cost of living, the cost of groceries, making more affordable housing and home -- and homeownership opportunities, including a $25,000 down payment assistance for first-time homebuyers, what I will do to expand the tax credit for children so that families and young families can have a $6,000 tax credit to be able to help pay for child care and -- and the needs of their children.

My plan includes investing in our small businesses. I love our small businesses. North Carolina has so many beautiful small businesses who need support. And look, small businesses are the backbone of America's economy. I know that, which is why my plan includes tax cuts for small businesses, but also for -- for young entrepreneurs, for people who want to start a business, a $20,000 nonrefundable loan to help people buy the equipment or set up the website to start their small business.

So, I have plans that are on my to-do list that are about lifting up the American people. And I think that America wants a new generation of leadership that wants to turn the page and chart a new way forward for our country.

I -- certainly. And I think that, first of all, I -- I thank people for -- for knowing the power of their vote and really thinking it through. I think that is good for all of us. And I would ask you to just look at the plan and understand that if you want a president who walks into the Oval Office ready to make progress and actually get things done and to find common-sense solutions, to find common ground, to work on issues that are about strengthening you, your family, and our economy, you have a clear choice.

And that is the power of each individual to make that decision. This is about our future. I feel so optimistic about who we are as Americans, but we do have challenges. And we need to have a president who wants to be a president for all Americans and bring us together knowing the vast majority of us have so much more in common than what separates us.

And, frankly, I think people are exhausted with this --

Spirit and this approach that's been about trying to divide people and have them turn and point fingers at each other. I think people are done with that. They want a fresh start that's about, again, optimism but hard work -- being prepared to do the hard work on behalf of the people. And I'm prepared to do that.

I have spent my entire career fighting for the people. I've only ever had one client: the people. And that is the kind of work I will do going forward if I am graced with the votes of the folks who are listening to this conversation.

Thank you. I thank you for the time.

Yes.

You know what, here's how I think about it. It's good to just reach out to each other and be reminded that your vote matters and your vote is your power.

And, you know -- and it's a good thing. And don't ever let anyone silence you or take your power from you. You have the ability to really weigh in on the future and the direction of our country. And I'm so thankful to everybody for taking this seriously and taking the time to weigh in. We will be stronger for it.

Yes.

I appreciate you. Thank you for the time. Have a good day.

Bye-bye.