Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-first-debate-cleveland-trump-biden-september-29-2020

Chris Wallace: Good evening from the Health Education Campus of Case Western Reserve University and the Cleveland Clinic. I'm Chris Wallace of Fox News. And I welcome you to the first of the 2020 Presidential Debates between President Donald J. Trump and former Vice President Joe Biden. This debate is sponsored by the Commission on Presidential Debates.

Chris Wallace: The commission has designed the format six, roughly 15-minute segments with two-minute answers from each candidate to the first question, then open discussion for the rest of each segment. Both campaigns have agreed to these rules. For the record, decided the topics and the questions in each topic. I can assure you, none of the questions has been shared with the Commission or the two candidates.

Chris Wallace: This debate is being conducted under health and safety protocols designed by the Cleveland Clinic, which is serving as the health security advisor to the Commission for all four debates. Ounce of precaution, both campaigns have agreed that candidates will not shake hands at the beginning of tonight's debate.

Chris Wallace: The audience here in the hall has promised to remain silent. No cheers, no boos, or other interruptions so we, and more importantly, you can focus on what the candidates have to say. No noise except right now, as we welcome the Republican nominee, President Trump, and the Democratic nominee, Vice President Biden.

Chris Wallace: Gentlemen, a lot of people been waiting for this night. So let's get going. Our first subject is the Supreme Court. President Trump, you nominated Amy Coney Barrett over the weekend to succeed the late Ruth Bader Ginsburg on the court. You say the constitution is clear about your obligation and the Senate's to consider a nominee to the court.

Chris Wallace: Vice President Biden, you say that this is an effort by the president and Republicans to jam through an appointment and what you call an abuse of power. My first question to both of you tonight, why are you right in the argument you make and your opponent wrong. And where do you think a Justice Barrett would take the court?

Chris Wallace: President Trump, in this first segment, you go first. Two minutes.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much, Chris. I will tell you very simply, we won the election. Elections have consequences. We have the Senate, we have the White House and we have a phenomenal nominee, respected by all. Top, top academic. Good in every way. Good in every way. In fact, some of her biggest endorsers are very liberal people from Notre Dame and other places.

Donald Trump: So I think she's going to be fantastic. We have plenty of time, even if we did it after the election itself, I have a lot of time after the election, as you know. So I think that she will be outstanding. She's going to be as good as anybody that has served on that court. We really feel that. We have a professor at Notre Dame, highly respected by all, said she's the single greatest student he's ever had.

Donald Trump: He's been a professor for a long time at a great school. And we won the election and therefore we have the right to choose her. And very few people, knowingly, would say otherwise. And by the way, the Democrats, they wouldn't even think about not doing it. If they had, the only difference is, they would try and do it faster.

Donald Trump: There's no way they would give it up. They had Merrick Garland, but the problem is, they didn't have the election so they were stopped. And probably that would happen in reverse also, definitely would happen in reverse. So we won the election and we have the right to do it, Chris.

Chris Wallace: President Trump, thank you. Same question to you, Vice President Biden. You have two minutes.

Joe Biden: Well, first of all, thank you for doing this. And looking forward to this, Mr. President. The American people have a right to have a say in who the Supreme Court nominee is and that say occurs when they vote for a United States senator and when they vote for the President of the United States. They're not going to get that chance now because we're in the middle of an election already, election has already started.

Joe Biden: Tens of thousands of people have already voted. And so the thing that should happen is we should wait. We should wait and see what the outcome of this election is because that's the only way the American people get to express their view, is by who they elect as president and who they elect as vice-president.

Joe Biden: Now, what's at stake here is, the President's made it clear. He wants to get rid of the Affordable Care Act. He's been running on that. He ran on that and he's been governing on that. He's in the Supreme Court right now trying to get rid of the Affordable Care Act, which will strip 20 million people from having insurance, health insurance now if it goes into court.

Joe Biden: And the justice, and I have nothing, I'm not opposed to the justice. She seems like a very fine person, but she's written before she went on the bench, which is her right, that she thinks that the Affordable Care Act is not constitutional. The other thing that's on the court, and if it's struck down what happens, women's rights are fundamentally changed.

Joe Biden: Once again, a woman could be held to pay more money because she has a preexisting condition of pregnancy. They're able to charge women more for the same exact procedure a man gets and that ended when we, in fact, passed the Affordable Care Act. And there's a hundred million people have preexisting conditions and they'll be taken away as well.

Joe Biden: Those pre-existing conditions, insurance companies are going to love this. And so it's just not appropriate to do this before this election. If he wins the election and the Senate is Democrat or Republican, then he goes forward. If not, we should wait until February.

Donald Trump: There aren't a 100 million people with preexisting conditions. As far as the say is concerned, the people already had their say. Justice Ginsburg said very powerfully, very strongly at some point 10 years ago or so, she said a president and the Senate is elected for a period of time. But a president is elected for four years.

Donald Trump: We're not elected for three years. I'm not elected for three years. So we have the Senate, we have a president --

Joe Biden: Who's elected to the next election.

Donald Trump: During that period of time, we have an opening. I'm not elected for three years; I'm elected for four years.

Joe Biden: The election's already started.

Donald Trump: Joe, the 100 million people is totally wrong. I don't know where you got that number. The bigger problem that you have is that you're going to extinguish 180 million people with their private health care that they're very happy with.

Joe Biden: That's simply not true.

Donald Trump: Well, you're suddenly going to socialist. You're going to socialist. [Crosstalk]

Chris Wallace: Gentlemen, we're now into open discussion.

Joe Biden: Open discussion.

Chris Wallace: Yes, I agree. Go ahead, Vice President.

Joe Biden: Number one, he knows that what I proposed. What I proposed is that we expand Obamacare and we increase it. We do not wipe any, and one of the big debates we had with 23 of my colleagues trying to win the nomination that I won, were saying that Biden wanted to allow people to have private insurance still.

Joe Biden: They can, they do. They will under my proposal.

Donald Trump: Not what you said. And it's not what your party is saying.

Joe Biden: That is simply a lie.

Donald Trump: Your party wants to go socialist medicine.

Joe Biden: The party is me.

Donald Trump: And Socialist --

Joe Biden: Right now, I am the Democratic party.

Donald Trump: And they are going to to dominate you, Joe, you know that.

Joe Biden: I am the democratic party right now. The platform of the democratic party --

Donald Trump: Not according to Harris.

Joe Biden: Is what I, in fact, approved of. What I approved of. Now, here's the deal. The deal is that it's going to wipe out pre-existing conditions. And by the way, the 200,000 people that have died on his watch. How many of those have survived? Well, there's 7 million people that contracted COVID. What does it mean for them going forward, if you strike down the Affordable Care Act?

Donald Trump: Joe, you've had 308,000 military people dying because you couldn't provide them proper healthcare in the military. So don't tell me about this.

Joe Biden: I'm happy to talk about this.

Donald Trump: And if you were here, it wouldn't be 200, it would be 2 million people because you were very late on the draw. You didn't want me to ban China, which was heavily infected. You didn't want me to ban Europe.

Chris Wallace: All right, gentlemen.

Donald Trump: Which was heavily, you would have been much later, much later.

Chris Wallace: Mr. President.

Donald Trump: We're talking about two million people.

Joe Biden: You're not going to be able to shut him up.

Chris Wallace: As a moderator, we are going to talk about COVID in the next segment, but go ahead.

Joe Biden: Let me finish. The point is that the president also is opposed to Roe V. Wade. That's on the ballot as well and the court, in the court. And so that's also at stake right now. And so the election has already begun.

Donald Trump: You don't know what's on the ballot. Why is it in the ballot?

Joe Biden: Because --

Donald Trump: Why is it on the ballot. It's not on the ballot.

Joe Biden: It's on the ballot in the court.

Donald Trump: I don't think so. There's nothing happening there.

Joe Biden: Donald, would you just be quiet for a minute.

Donald Trump: You don't know her view on Roe V. Wade. I don't know her view.

Chris Wallace: Well, all right. Let's all right. Let's talk. We've got a lot to unpack here, gentlemen. We've got a lot of time. So on healthcare and then we'll come back to Roe V. Wade.

Joe Biden: All right.

Chris Wallace: Mr. President, the Supreme Court will hear a case a week after the election in which the Trump administration, along with 18 state attorneys general are seeking to overturn Obamacare, to end Obamacare. You have spent the last week --

Donald Trump: Because I want to give good healthcare.

Chris Wallace: If I may ask my question, sir.

Joe Biden: Good healthcare.

Chris Wallace: Over the last four years, you have promised to repeal and replace Obamacare, but you have never, in these four years, come up with a plan, a comprehensive plan, to replace Obamacare.

Donald Trump: Of course, I have.

Chris Wallace: Well, I'll get to that. When I'm finished, I'm going to give you an opportunity --

Donald Trump: Get rid of the individual mandate.

Chris Wallace: I'm going to give you an opportunity.

Donald Trump: To get rid of the individual mandate, which was a big chunk of --

Chris Wallace: That is not a comprehensive plan.

Donald Trump: That is absolutely a big thing. That was the worst part of Obamacare.

Chris Wallace: Sir.

Donald Trump: Chris, that was the worst part of Obamacare.

Chris Wallace: Sir, you're debating him, not me. Let me ask my questions.

Donald Trump: Well, I'll ask Joe.

Chris Wallace: No.

Donald Trump: The individual mandate was the most unpopular aspect of Obamacare.

Chris Wallace: Mr. President. I'd like to --

Donald Trump: I got rid of it and we will protect people.

Chris Wallace: Mr. President, I'm the moderator of this debate. And I would like you to let me ask my question, and then you can answer --

Donald Trump: Go ahead.

Chris Wallace: You, in the course of these four years have never come up with a comprehensive plan to replace Obamacare. And just this last Thursday, you signed a largely symbolic executive order to protect people with pre-existing conditions five days before this debate. So my question, sir, is what is the Trump healthcare plan?

Donald Trump: First of all, I guess I'm debating you, not him, but that's okay. I'm not surprised. Let me just tell you something. There's nothing symbolic. I'm cutting drug prices. I'm going with favorite nations, which no president has the courage to do because you're going against big pharma. Drug prices will be coming down 80 or 90%. You could have done it during your 47 year period in government, but you didn't do it.

Donald Trump: Nobody's done it. So we're cutting health care. All of the things that we've done, I give you an example. Insulin is going to, it was destroying families, destroying people, the cost. I'm getting it for so cheap. It's like water, you want to know the truth. So cheap. take a look at all of the drugs that what we're doing, prescription drug prices.

Donald Trump: We're going to allow our governors now to go to other countries to buy drugs because they paid just a tiny fraction.

Chris Wallace: This is open discussion.

Donald Trump: But this is big stuff.

Chris Wallace: Sir, you'll be happy. I'm about to pick up on one of your points to ask the Vice President, which is he points out that you would like to add a public option to Obamacare, and the argument that he makes and other Republicans make, is that that is going to end private insurance.

Joe Biden: It is not.

Chris Wallace: Well, I'm asking the question and it will end --

Donald Trump: That's not what your party says, by the way.

Chris Wallace: It will end private insurance and create a government takeover of healthcare.

Joe Biden: It does not. It's only for those people who are so poor, they qualify for Medicaid. They can get that free in most states, except governors who want to deny people who are poor Medicaid. Anyone who qualifies for Medicaid would automatically be enrolled in the public option. The vast majority of the American people would still not be in that option, number one.

Donald Trump: Joe, you agree with Bernie Sanders, who's far left on the manifesto, we call it, that gives you socialized medicine.

Joe Biden: Look, hey.

Donald Trump: Are you saying you didn't agree?

Joe Biden: The fact of the matter is, I beat Bernie Sanders.

Donald Trump: Not by much.

Joe Biden: I beat him a whole hell of a lot. I'm here. I'm here standing facing you, old buddy.

Donald Trump: If Pocahontas would have left two days early, you would have lost every primary --

Joe Biden: All he knows how to do --

Donald Trump: On Super Tuesday, you got very lucky.

Joe Biden: Here's the deal. I got very lucky. I may get very lucky tonight as well. And tonight I'm going to make sure because here's the deal. Here's the deal. The fact is that everything he's saying so far is simply a lie. I'm not here to call out his lies. Everybody knows he's a liar. I just want to make sure, I want to make sure it lasts in it last night.

Joe Biden: First, I want, want to make sure --

Chris Wallace: Mr. President, can you let him finish, sir?

Joe Biden: No. He doesn't know how to do that.

Donald Trump: You'd be surprised. You'd be surprised.

Joe Biden: You picked the wrong guy, the wrong night at the wrong time.

Donald Trump: Listen, you agreed with Bernie Sanders.

Joe Biden: Here's the deal. [Crosstalk].

Donald Trump: Please let him speak, Mr. President.

Joe Biden: Number two.

Donald Trump: You just lost the left.

Joe Biden: Number two.

Donald Trump: You just lost the left. You agreed with Bernie Sanders on a plan, absolutely agreed to [Crosstalk] socialized medicine.

Joe Biden: Folks, do you have any idea what this clown is doing?

Chris Wallace: Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Socialized medicine.

Chris Wallace: Mr. President.

Joe Biden: I'll tell you what. He is not for any help for people needing healthcare --

Donald Trump: Who, Bernie?

Joe Biden: Because he, in fact, already has cost 10 million people their healthcare that they had from their employers because of his recession, number one. Number two, there are 20 million people getting healthcare through Obamacare now , yet he wants to take it away. He won't ever look you in the eye and say, that's what he wants to do.

Joe Biden: Take it away.

Donald Trump: No. I want to give them better healthcare at a much lower price because Obamacare is no good.

Joe Biden: He doesn't know how. He doesn't know how to that.

Donald Trump: I've already fixed it.

Joe Biden: He has never offered a plan.

Donald Trump: I've already fixed it to an extent.

Joe Biden: He has never --

Donald Trump: Obamacare, as you might know, but probably don't --

Chris Wallace: Gentlemen, you realize if you're both speaking at the same time. Let the president -- Go ahead, sir.

Donald Trump: Obamacare is no good. We made it better. And I had a choice to make very early on. We took away the individual mandate. We guaranteed conditions, but took away the individual mandate. Listen, this is the way it is. And that destroyed ... they shouldn't even call it Obamacare. Then I had a choice to make, do I let my people run it really well or badly?

Donald Trump: If I run it badly, they'll probably blame him, but they'll blame me. But more importantly, I want to help people. Okay? I said, "You've got to run it so well." And I just had a meeting with them. They said, the problem is no matter how well you run Obamacare, it's a disaster. It's too expensive. Premiums are too high.

Donald Trump: That it doesn't work. We do want to get rid of it. Chris, We want to get rid of it.

Chris Wallace: I understand that, sir, but I have to give you roughly equal time. Please let the Vice President talk.

Joe Biden: He has no plan for healthcare.

Donald Trump: Of course, we do.

Joe Biden: Please. He sends out wishful thinking. He has executive orders that have no power. He hasn't lowered drug costs for anybody. He's been promising a healthcare plan since he got elected. He has none, like almost everything else he talks about. He does not have a plan. He doesn't have a plan. And the fact is, this man doesn't know what he's talking about.

Chris Wallace: I have one final question for you.

Joe Biden: Sure.

Chris Wallace: Mr. Vice president, if Senate Republicans, we were talking originally about the Supreme Court here. If Senate Republicans go ahead and confirm Justice Barrett, there has been talk about ending the filibuster or even packing the court, adding to the nine justices there. You call this a distraction by the President.

Chris Wallace: But in fact, it wasn't brought up by the President, it was brought up by some of your democratic colleagues in the Congress. So my question to you is you have refused in the past to talk about it. Are you willing to tell the American people tonight, whether or not you will support either ending the filibuster or packing the Court?

Joe Biden: Whatever position I take on that, that'll become the issue. The issue is the American people should speak. You should go out and vote. You're in voting now, vote and let your senators know how strongly you feel.

Donald Trump: Are you going to pack the court?

Joe Biden: Vote now.

Donald Trump: Are you going to pack the court?

Joe Biden: Make sure you, in fact, let people know, your senators.

Donald Trump: He doesn't want to answer the question.

Joe Biden: I'm not going to answer the question.

Donald Trump: Why wouldn't you answer that question?

Joe Biden: Because the question is, the question is -- [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: You want to put a lot of Supreme Court justices, radical left.

Joe Biden: Would you shut up, man?

Donald Trump: Listen. Who is on your list, Joe?

Joe Biden: This is so --

Chris Wallace: Gentlemen, I think we have ended this segment.

Joe Biden: This is so un-Presidential.

Donald Trump: He's going to pack the court. He's not going to give a list.

Chris Wallace: No, no. We have ended the segment. We're going to move on to the second segment.

Joe Biden: That was really productive segment, wasn't it? Keep yapping, man.

Donald Trump: The people understand, Joe. 47 years, you've done nothing. They understand.

Chris Wallace: The second subject is COVID-19, which is an awfully serious subject. So let's try to be serious about it. We have had more than seven million cases of Corona virus in the United States and more than 200,000 people have died. Even after we produce a vaccine, experts say that it could be months or even years before we come back to anything approaching normal.

Chris Wallace: My question for both of you is, based on what you have said and done so far, and what you have said you would do starting in 2021, why should the American people trust you more than your opponent to deal with this public health crisis going forward? In this case, the question goes to you first, sir, two minutes, uninterrupted.

Joe Biden: Good luck. 200,000 dead. As you said, over seven million infected in the United States. We, in fact, have 4% of the world's population, 20% of the deaths. 40,000 people a day are contracting COVID. In addition to that, about between 750 and a thousand people a day are dying. When he was presented with that number, he said, "It is what it is." Well, it is what it is because you are who you are.

Joe Biden: That's why it is. The President has no plan. He hasn't laid out anything. He knew all the way back in February how serious this crisis was. He knew it was a deadly disease. What did he do? He's on tape, he's acknowledging he knew it. He said he didn't tell us or give people a warning of it because he didn't want to panic the American people.

Joe Biden: You don't panic. He panicked. In addition to that, what did he do? He went in and we were insisting that the Chinese, the people we had on the ground in China should be able to go to Wuhan and determine for themselves how dangerous this was. He did not even ask Xi to do that. He told us what a great job Xi was doing.

Joe Biden: He said, we owe him a debt of gratitude for being so transparent with us. And what did he do then? He then did nothing. He waited and waited and waited. He still doesn't have a plan.

Donald Trump: Wrong.

Joe Biden: I laid out back in March --

Chris Wallace: Sir, it's his two minutes.

Joe Biden: Exactly what we should be doing. And I laid out again in July, what we should be doing. We should be providing all the protective gear possible. We should be providing the money the House has passed in order to be able to go out and get people the help they need to keep their businesses open, open schools, that cost a lot of money.

Joe Biden: You should get out of your bunker and get out of the sand trap and get in your golf course and go in the Oval Office and bring together the Democrats and Republicans and fund what needs to be done now to save lives.

Donald Trump: So if we would have listened to you --

Joe Biden: You have two minutes, sir.

Donald Trump: If we would have listened to you, the country would have been left wide open, millions of people would have died, not 200,000. And one person is too much. It's China's fault. It should've never happened. They stopped it from going in, but it was China's fault. And by the way, when you talk about numbers, you don't know how many people died in China.

Donald Trump: You don't know how many people died in Russia. You don't know how many people died in India. They don't exactly give you a straight count, just so you understand. But if you look at what we've done, I closed it. And you said, he's xenophobic. He's a racist, and he's xenophobic, because you didn't think I should have closed our country.

Chris Wallace: Wait a minute. It's his two minutes.

Donald Trump: You didn't think we should have closed our country because you thought it was too, it was terrible. You wouldn't have closed it for another two months. By my doing it early, in fact, Dr. Fauci said, President Trump saved thousands of lives. Many of your Democrat governors said, "President Trump did a phenomenal job." We worked with the governor.

Donald Trump: Oh really, go take a look. The governors said, I did a phenomenal job. Most of them said that. In fact, people that would not be necessarily on my side, said that. President Trump did a phenomenal job. We did. We got the gowns. We got the masks. We made the ventilators. You wouldn't have made ventilators.

Donald Trump: And now we're weeks away from a vaccine. We're doing therapeutics already. Fewer people are dying when they get sick. Far fewer people are dying. We've done a great job. The only thing I haven't done a good job, and that's because of the fake news, no matter what you say to them, they give you a bad press on it.

Donald Trump: It's just fake news. They give you good press. They give me bad press because that's the way it is, unfortunately. But let me just tell you something, I don't care. I've gotten used to it. But I'll tell you, Joe, you could never have done the job that we did. You don't have it in your blood. You could have never done that, Joe.

Joe Biden: I know how to do the job. I know how to get the job done. Well, you didn't do very well in swine flu. H1N1, you were a disaster. Your own Chief of Staff said you were a disaster.

Joe Biden: 14,000 people died not 200,000. There was no economic recession. [Crosstalk] A far less lethal disease.

Chris Wallace: You made a point, let him answer it. And there was no one ... We didn't shut down the economy. This is his economy that he shut down. The reason it shut down is because, look, you folks at home. How many of you got up this morning and had an empty chair at the kitchen table because someone died at COVID?

Chris Wallace: How many of you are in a situation where you lost your mom or dad and you couldn't even speak to them, you had a nurse holding a phone up so you could in fact say goodbye?

Donald Trump: You would have lost far more people, far more people. And you would have been months late.

Joe Biden: And by the way, his own CDC director says we could lose as many as another 200,000 people between now and the end of the year. And he said, if we just wear a mask, we can save half those numbers. Just a mask. And by the way, in terms of the whole notion of a vaccine, we're for a vaccine, but I don't trust him at all.

Joe Biden: Nor do you. I know you don't. What we trust is a scientist.

Donald Trump: You don't trust Johnson and Johnson, Pfizer?

Joe Biden: We trust Dr. Fauci.

Chris Wallace: Okay, gentlemen, let me move on to questions about the future because you both have touched on two of the questions I'm going to ask. Focusing on the future first, President Trump, you have repeatedly either contradicted or been at odds with some of your government's own top scientists. The week before last, the head of the Centers for Disease Control, Dr.

Chris Wallace: Redfield, said it would be summer before the vaccine would become generally available to the public. You said that he was confused and mistaken. Those were your two words, but Dr. Slowey, the head of your operation Warp Speed has said exactly the same thing. Are they both wrong?

Donald Trump: I've spoken to the companies and we can have it a lot sooner. It's a very political thing because people like this would rather make it political than save lives. It is a very political thing. Political than save lives. It is a very political thing. I've spoken to Pfizer. I've spoken to all of the people that you have to speak to.

Donald Trump: Moderna, Johnson & Johnson and others. They can go faster than that by a lot, become very political because the left or I don't know If I can call them left, I don't know what they're called.

Chris Wallace: You're suggesting that the head of your Operation Warp Speed, Dr.Slaoui -- I disagree with him. No, I disagree with both them. And he didn't say that. He said it could be there, but it could also be much sooner. I had him in my office two days ago.

Chris Wallace: He talked about the summer sir, before it's generally available, just like Dr.Redfield. He said it's a possibility that we'll have the answer before November 1st. It could also be after that.

Chris Wallace: I'm talking about when it's generally available. Well, we're going to deliver it right away. We have the military all set up. Logistically, they're all set up. We have our military that delivers soldiers and they can do 200,000 a day. They're going to be delivering --

Joe Biden: This is the same man who told you -- It's all set up.

Joe Biden: By Easter, this would be gone away. By the warm weather, it'd be gone. Miraculous like a miracle. And by the way, maybe you could inject some bleach in your arm and that would take care of it. This is the same man -- That was said sarcastically, you know that. That was said sarcastically.

Joe Biden: And so here's the deal. This man is talking about a vaccine. Every serious company is talking about maybe having a vaccine done by the end of the year. But the distribution of that vaccine will not occur until sometime beginning of the middle of next year to get it out. If we get the vaccine and pray God, we will.

Joe Biden: Mr. Vice president, I want to pick up --

Donald Trump: You'll have the vaccine sooner than that. I want to pick up on this question though. You say the public can trust the scientists, but they can't trust President Trump. In fact, you said that again tonight. Your running mate, Senator Harris goes further saying, "The public health experts will be muzzled, will be suppressed." Given the fact that polls already show that people are concerned about the vaccine and are reluctant to take it, are you and your running mate, Senator Harris contributing to that fear?

Joe Biden: No more than the question you just asked him. You pointed out, he puts pressure and disagrees with his own scientists. But you're saying you can't --

Joe Biden: Everybody knows -- Or Senator Harris is saying you can't trust the scientists.

Joe Biden: No, no. You can trust the scientists. She didn't say that. You can trust the scientists. She said, "The public health experts quote, will be muzzled, will be suppressed."

Joe Biden: Well, that's what he's going to try to do. But there's there's thousands of scientists out there, like here at this great hospital, that don't work for him. Their job doesn't depend on him. That's not... They're the people and by the way --

Donald Trump: I spoke to the scientists that are in charge. They will have the vaccine very soon.

Chris Wallace: Let him finish.

Joe Biden: Do you believe for a moment, what he's telling you in light of all the lies he's told you about the whole issue relating to COVID. He still hasn't even acknowledged that he knew this was happening, knew how dangerous this was going to be, back in February. And he didn't even tell you. He's on record as saying it.

Joe Biden: He panicked or he just looked at the stock market, one of the two, because guess what? A lot of people died and a lot more are going to die unless he gets a lot smarter, a lot quicker.

Chris Wallace: Mr.President.

Donald Trump: Did you use the word smart? So you said you went to Delaware state, but you forgot the name of your college. You didn't go to Delaware state, you graduated either the lowest or almost the lowest in your class. Don't ever use the word smart with me. Don't ever use that word.

Joe Biden: Oh, give me a break.

Donald Trump: Because you know what, there's nothing smart about you, Joe. 47 years, you've done nothing. [Crosstalk].

Joe Biden: Let's have this debate, we'll see who's smart.

Donald Trump: If you would have had... Let me just tell you something, Joe. If you would have had the charge of what I was put through, I had to close the greatest economy in the history of our country. And by the way, now it's being built again. It's going up fast.

Chris Wallace: We're going to get to the economy in the next segment, sir.

Donald Trump: Okay. It's going up fast.

Chris Wallace: When it comes to how the virus has been handled so far, the two of you have taken very different approaches and this is going to affect how the virus is handled going forward by whichever of you ends up becoming the next president. I want to quickly go through several of those. Reopenings, Vice President Biden.

Chris Wallace: You have been much more reluctant than President Trump about reopening the economy and the schools. Why sir?

Joe Biden: Because he doesn't have a plan. If I were running, I'd know what the plan is. You've got to provide these businesses the ability to have the money to be able to reopen with the PPE as well as with the sanitation they need. You have to provide them --

Donald Trump: Tell that to Nancy Pelosi.

Joe Biden: Will he just shush for a minute.

Donald Trump: Tell it to Nancy Pelosi and Schumer.

Joe Biden: By the way, Nancy Pelosi and Schumer, they have a plan. He won't even meet with them. The Republicans won't meet with the Senate. And he sits in his golf course. Literally, think about it.

Donald Trump: You probably play more than I do, Joe.

Chris Wallace: What about those question of reopenings and the fact --

Donald Trump: Well, he wants to shut down this country and I want to keep it open. And we did a great thing by shutting it down.

Joe Biden: He just admitted he shut it down.

Donald Trump: Wait a minute, let me shut you down for a second, Joe. Just for one second. We want to... He wants to shut down the country. We just went through it. We had to, because we didn't know anything about the disease. Now we found that elderly people with heart problems and diabetes and different problems are very, very vulnerable.

Donald Trump: We learned a lot. Young children aren't, even younger people aren't. We've learned a lot, but he wants to shut it down. More people will be hurt by continuing. If you look at Pennsylvania, if you look at certain states that have been shut down, they have Democrat governors all. One of the reasons they're shut down is because they want to keep it shut down until after the election on November 3rd.

Chris Wallace: I want to move on to another subject.

Donald Trump: Because it's a political thing.

Joe Biden: I've got to respond to that.

Donald Trump: Those states are not doing well, that are shut down.

Chris Wallace: Gentlemen, I want to move on to another subject.

Joe Biden: I've got to respond to that.

Chris Wallace: He wants to shut down the whole country. President Trump, you have begun to increasingly question the effectiveness of masks as a disease preventer. And in fact, recently you have cited the issue of waiters touching their mouths and touching plates. Are you questioning the efficacy of masks?

Donald Trump: No, I think masks are okay. You have to understand if you look... I have a mask right here. I put a mask on when I think I need it. Tonight is an example, everybody's had a test and you've had social distancing and all of the things that you have to --

Joe Biden: Just like your rallies.

Donald Trump: But I wear masks when needed. When needed I wear masks.

Chris Wallace: Okay, let me ask --

Donald Trump: I don't wear a mask like him. Every time you see him, he's got a mask. He could be speaking 200 feet away from him and he shows up with a biggest mask I've ever seen. I will say this --

Chris Wallace: Vice President Biden. Go ahead, sir.

Joe Biden: The way to open businesses is give them the wherewithal to be able to open. We provided money. The --

Chris Wallace: But I was asking you sir, about masks.

Joe Biden: Masks make a big difference. His own head of the CDC said if we just wore masks between now... If everybody wore masks and social distanced between now and January, we'd probably save up to a hundred thousand lives. It matters.

Donald Trump: And they've also said the opposite. They've also said --

Joe Biden: No serious person said the opposite.

Chris Wallace: All right, I want to ask you --

Donald Trump: What about Dr.Fauci? Dr.Fauci said the opposite.

Joe Biden: He did not say the opposite.

Chris Wallace: I want to ask you, we've got a little bit more than a minute left in this segment.

Donald Trump: He said very strongly, "Masks are not good. Then he changed his mind. He said, "Masks are good." I'm okay with masks. I'm not fighting masks.

Chris Wallace: I want to ask you both about one last subject because your different approaches has even affected the way that you have campaigned. President Trump, you're holding the large rallies with crowds packed together. Thousands of people.

Donald Trump: Outside.

Chris Wallace: Outside. Yes, sir. Agreed. Vice President Biden, you are holding much smaller events with --

Donald Trump: Because nobody will show up.

Chris Wallace: People with masks --

Donald Trump: It's true. Nobody shows up to his rallies.

Chris Wallace: All right. In any case, why you holding the big rallies? Why you not? You goes first, sir.

Donald Trump: Because people want to hear what I have to say.

Chris Wallace: But are you not worried about us spreading disease?

Donald Trump: I'm doing a great job as the president and I'll have 25, 35,000 people show up at airports. We use airports and hangars --

Chris Wallace: Are you not worried about the disease issues, sir?

Donald Trump: And we have a lot of people. Well, so far we have had no problem whatsoever. It's outside. That's a big difference, according to the experts. And we do them outside. We have tremendous crowds as you see and literally on 24 hours notice. And Joe does the circles and has three people someplace.

Joe Biden: By the way, did you see one of the last big rallies he had? And a reporter came up to him to ask him a question. He said, "No, no, no, stand back. Put on your mask, put on a mask. Have you been tested? I'm far away from those other people." That's what he said. "I can't, I'm going to be okay." He's now worried about you.

Joe Biden: He's not worried about the people out there breathing on one another. [Crosstalk].

Donald Trump: We've had no negative effect.

Joe Biden: No negative effect, come on.

Donald Trump: We've had no negative effect and we've had 35, 40,000 people at these rallies.

Chris Wallace: All right, do you want to just quickly finish up because I want to move on to our next --

Joe Biden: Yes, I would. He's been totally irresponsible the way in which he has handled the social distancing and people wearing masks. Basically encouraged them not to. He's a fool on this.

Donald Trump: If you could get the crowds, you would have done the same thing, but you can't. Nobody cares.

Chris Wallace: Gentlemen, can we move --

Donald Trump: Nobody cares.

Chris Wallace: Gentlemen, can we move on to the economy? The economy is, I think it's fair to say, recovering faster than expected from the shutdown --

Donald Trump: Much faster.

Chris Wallace: In the second quarter, the unemployment rate fell to 8.4% last month. The federal reserve says the hit to growth, which is going to be there is not going to be nearly as big as they had expected. President Trump, you say we are in a V-shaped recovery. Vice President Biden, you say it's more of a K-shape.

Chris Wallace: What difference does that mean to the American people in terms of the economy? President Trump, in this segment, you go first.

Donald Trump: So we built the greatest economy in history. We closed it down because of the China plague. When the plague came in, we closed it down, which was very hard psychologically to do. He didn't think we should close it down and he was wrong. And again, 2 million people would be dead now instead of... Still 204,000 people is too much, one person is too much.

Donald Trump: Should have never happened from China. But what happened is we closed it down and now we're reopening and we're doing record business. We had 10.4 million people in a four month period that we've put back into the workforce. That's a record, the likes of which nobody's ever seen before. And he wants to close down the... He will shut it down again.

Donald Trump: He will destroy this country. A lot of people between drugs and alcohol and depression... When you start shutting it down, you take a look at what's happening at some of your Democrat run States where they have these tough shutdowns. And I'm telling you it's because they don't want to open it. One of them came out last week, you saw that, "Oh, we're going to open up in November 9th." Why November 9th?

Donald Trump: Because it's after the election. They think they're hurting us by keeping them closed. They're hurting people. People know what to do. They can social distance. They can wash their hands. They can wear masks. They can do whatever they want, but they got to open these States up.

Donald Trump: When you look at North Carolina, when you look... And these governors are under siege. Pennsylvania, Michigan, and a couple of others, you've got to open these States up. It's not fair. You're talking about almost, it's like being in prison. And you look at what's going on with divorce. Look at what's going on with alcoholism and drugs.

Donald Trump: It's a very, very sad thing. And he'll close down the whole country. This guy will close down the whole country and destroy our country. Our country is coming back incredibly well. Setting records as it does it. We don't need somebody to come in and say, "Let's shut it down."

Chris Wallace: All right. Your two minutes, sir. We're now moved to you. As I said, posing the question, the president says it's a V-shape recovery. You say it's a K-shaped recovery. What's the difference?

Joe Biden: The difference is millionaires and billionaires like him in the middle of COVID crisis have done very well. Billionaires have made another $300 billion because of his profligate tax proposal and he only focused on the market. But you folks at home, you folks living in Scranton and Claymont and all the small towns and working class towns in America, how old are you doing?

Joe Biden: This guy paid a total of $750 in taxes.

Donald Trump: That's wrong.

Chris Wallace: Sir, wait, sir.

Donald Trump: [Crosstalk]

Chris Wallace: Yeah, I understand. You've agreed to the two minutes. So please let him have it.

Joe Biden: Do I get my time back? The fact is that he is in fact, worked on this in a way that he's going to be the first president of the United States to leave office, having fewer jobs in his administration, than when he became president. Fewer jobs than when he became president. The first one in American history.

Joe Biden: Secondly, the people who have lost their jobs are those people who have been on the front lines. Those people who have been saving our lives, those people who have been out there dying. People who've been putting themselves in the way to make sure that we could all try to make it. And the idea that he is insisting that we go forward and open when you have almost half the States in America with a significant increase in COVID deaths and COVID cases in the United States of America.

Joe Biden: And he wants to open it up more. Why does he want to open it up? Why doesn't he take care of the... You can't fix the economy until you fix the COVID crisis. And he has no intention of doing anything about making it better for you all at home in terms of your health and your safety. Schools. Why aren't schools open?

Joe Biden: Because it costs a lot of money to open them safely. They were going to give... His administration was going to give the teachers in school, students, masks. And then they decided, "No, couldn't do that because it's not a national emergency." Not a national emergency. They've done nothing to help small businesses.

Joe Biden: Nothing. They're closing. One in six is now gone. He ought to get on the job and take care of the needs of the American people, so we can open safely.

Chris Wallace: All right. Your time is up, sir. We are going to get to --

Donald Trump: Well, I have to respond to that.

Chris Wallace: Well, you both had two minutes, sir.

Donald Trump: Excuse me. He made a statement.

Chris Wallace: And so did you.

Donald Trump: People want their schools open. They don't want to be shut down. They don't want their state shut down. They want their restaurants... I look at New York. It's so sad, what's happening in New York. It's almost like a ghost town and I'm not sure it can ever recover what they've done in New York. People want their places open.

Donald Trump: They want to get back to their lives.

Joe Biden: People want to be safe.

Donald Trump: They'll be careful, but they want their schools open.

Chris Wallace: Okay.

Donald Trump: I'm the one that brought back football. By the way, I brought back Big Ten football. It was me and I'm very happy to do it --

Chris Wallace: All right, lets --

Donald Trump: And the people of Ohio are very proud of me. And you know how I found out [Crosstalk]

Chris Wallace: Gentlemen, we're going to get to your economic plans going forward in a moment. But first, Mr. President, as you well know, there's a new report that in 2016, the year you were elected president and 2017, your first year as president, that you paid $750 a year in federal income tax, each of those years.

Chris Wallace: I know that you pay a lot of other taxes, but I'm asking you the specific question. Is it true that you paid $750 in federal income taxes each of those two years?

Donald Trump: I paid millions of dollars in taxes, millions of dollars of income tax. And let me just tell you, there was a story in one of the papers that I paid --

Joe Biden: Show us your tax returns.

Donald Trump: $38 million one year, I paid $27 million one year.

Joe Biden: Show us your tax returns.

Donald Trump: I went... You'll see it as soon as it's finished. You'll see it. If you wanted to, go to the Board of Elections, there's a 118 page or so report that says everything I have, every bank I have, I'm totally under leveraged because the assets are extremely good. And we have a very... I built a great company.

Chris Wallace: Sir, I'm asking you a specific question, which is --

Donald Trump: Well let me tell you.

Chris Wallace: I understand all of that. I'm asking you a question. Will you tell us how much you paid in federal income taxes in 2016 and 2017?

Donald Trump: Millions of dollars.

Chris Wallace: You paid millions of dollars?

Donald Trump: Millions of dollars.

Chris Wallace: So not 750?

Donald Trump: Millions of dollars. And you'll get to see it.

Joe Biden: When? [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: But let me just tell you. Chris, let me tell you something, that it was the tax laws. I don't want to pay tax. Before I came here, I was a private developer. I was a private business people. Like every other private person, unless they're stupid, they go through the laws and that's what it is. He passed a tax bill that gave us all these privileges for depreciation and for tax credits, we build the building and we get tax credits like the hotel on Pennsylvania Avenue.

Donald Trump: You get a massive... Which by the way, was given to me by the Obama administration, if you can believe that. Now the men got fired right after that happened, but that's a --

Chris Wallace: Vice President Biden, you want to respond?

Joe Biden: Yeah, I do want to respond. Look, the tax code that put him in a position that he pays less tax than a school teacher makes... On the money a school teacher makes is because of him taking... He says he's smart because he can take advantage of the tax code. And he does take advantage of the tax code. That's why I'm going to eliminate the Trump tax cuts.

Joe Biden: And we're going to eliminate those tax cuts and make sure that we invest in the people who in fact need the help. People out there need help.

Donald Trump: But why didn't you do it over the last 25 years?

Joe Biden: Because you weren't president screwing things up.

Donald Trump: You were a Senator and by the way [Crosstalk].

Joe Biden: You're the worst president America's ever had.

Donald Trump: Hey Joe. Let me just tell you Joe. I've done more in 47 months, I've done more than you've done in 47 years, Joe. We've done things that you never even thought of doing --

Chris Wallace: Okay, gentlemen.

Donald Trump: Including fixing the broken military that you gave me, including taking care of your vets.

Chris Wallace: Mr. President, we're talking about the economy. I'd like to ask you about your plans going forward because Mr. Vice President, your economic plan, if you were to be elected president, focuses a lot on big government, big taxes, big spending. I want to focus first on the taxes. You propose more than $4 trillion over a decade in new taxes on individuals making more than $400,000 a year.

Chris Wallace: And on corporations. President Trump says that that kind of an increase in taxes is going to hurt the economy as it's just coming out of a recession.

Joe Biden: Well, just take a look at what is the analysis been done by Wall Street firms. Points out that my economic plan would create seven million more jobs than his in four years, number one. And number two, it would create an additional $1 trillion in economic growth, because it would be about buying American.

Joe Biden: That we have to... We're going to make this federal government spend $600 billion a year on everything from ships, to steel, to buildings and the like. And under my proposal, we're going to make sure that every penny of that has to be made by a company in America.

Chris Wallace: But respectfully sir, I'm talking about taxes, not spending.

Joe Biden: By the way, I'm going to eliminate significant number of the taxes. I'm going to make the corporate tax 28%, it shouldn't be 21%. You have 91 companies in the fortune 500 who don't pay a single penny in tax making billions of dollars.

Donald Trump: Why didn't you do it before when you were vice president with Obama?

Joe Biden: Because you in fact passed that. That was your tax proposal.

Donald Trump: That's right, I got it done and you know what happened?

Joe Biden: Yeah, you got it done.

Donald Trump: Our economy boomed like it's never boomed before.

Joe Biden: The economy --

Donald Trump: Mr. President --

Joe Biden: Let me finish.

Chris Wallace: Mr. President, let me pick up on that. You would continue your free market approach, lower taxes, more deregulation, correct?

Joe Biden: Not lower taxes for the American people.

Chris Wallace: But let me --

Donald Trump: Excuse me.

Chris Wallace: But in Obama's... You talk about the economy booming. It turns out that in Obama's final three years as president, more jobs were created, a million and a half more jobs, than in the first three years of your presidency.

Donald Trump: They had the slowest recovery since 1929. It was the slowest recovery. Also, they took over something that was down here. All you had to do is turn on the lights and you picked up a lot. But they had the slowest economic recovery since 1929. Let me tell you about the stock market. When the stock market goes up, that means jobs.

Donald Trump: It also means 401ks. If you got in, if you ever became president with your ideas, you want to terminate my taxes? I'll tell you what, you'll lose. Half of the companies that have poured in here will leave. And plenty of companies that are already here, they'll leave for other places. They will leave. And you will have a depression, the likes of which you've never seen.

Joe Biden: We inherited the worst recession, short of a depression in American history. I was asked to bring it back. We were able to have an economic recovery that created the jobs you're talking about. We handed him a booming economy. He blew it.

Donald Trump: It wasn't booming.

Joe Biden: He blew it.

Donald Trump: It wasn't booming. It was the weakest recovery since 1929.

Chris Wallace: Wait. Is it fair to say he blew it when, in fact --

Donald Trump: When COVID came in.

Chris Wallace: When there was record low unemployment before COVID?

Joe Biden: Yeah, because what he did even before COVID, manufacturing went in the hole. Manufacturing went in the hole.

Donald Trump: Excuse me, Chris.

Joe Biden: Number one. Number two, number three -- [Crosstalk].

Donald Trump: Chris, they said it would take... No, you're on number two.

Joe Biden: No, this guy.

Donald Trump: Chris, they said it would take a miracle to bring back manufacturing. I brought back 700,000 jobs. They brought back nothing. They gave up on manufacturing.

Joe Biden: We did not give up.

Donald Trump: Part of my standard fare. He totally gave up on manufacturing.

Chris Wallace: All right, let him --

Joe Biden: I'm the guy that brought back the automobile industry. We brought back... I was asked to bring back Chrysler and General Motors. We brought them back right here in the state of Ohio and Michigan. He blew it. They're gone. He blew it. And in fact [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: Ohio had the best year it's ever had last year, Michigan had the best year they've ever had.

Joe Biden: That is not true.

Donald Trump: Many car companies came in from Germany, from Japan, went to Michigan, went to Ohio and they didn't come in with you.

Chris Wallace: Mr. Vice President, go ahead.

Joe Biden: And so you take a look at what he's actually done. He's done very little. His trade deals are the same way. He talks about these great trade deals. He talks about the art of the deal. China's perfected the art of the steel. We have a higher deficit with China now than we did before. We have the highest trade deficit with Mexico.

Donald Trump: China ate your lunch, Joe. And no wonder, your son goes in and he takes out billions of dollars, takes out billions of dollars to manage. He makes millions of dollars.

Joe Biden: Simply not true.

Donald Trump: And also while we're at it, why is it, just out of curiosity, the mayor of Moscow's wife gave your son three and a half million dollars?

Joe Biden: That's not true.

Donald Trump: What did he do to deserve it? What did he do with Burisma to deserve $183,000.

Joe Biden: None of that is true.

Chris Wallace: Sir, you've asked the question. Let him answer it.

Joe Biden: None of that is true.

Donald Trump: Oh really, he didn't get three and a half million?

Chris Wallace: Mr. President please. You've asked the question.

Joe Biden: Totally discredited. Totally discredited. And by the way --

Donald Trump: Well wait, he didn't get three and a half a million dollars Joe?

Chris Wallace: Mr. Vice --

Donald Trump: He got three and a half million dollars.

Chris Wallace: Mr. President.

Joe Biden: That is not true.

Donald Trump: Oh, really?

Chris Wallace: Mr. President, it's an open discussion, please.

Donald Trump: It's a fact.

Joe Biden: It is not a fact.

Chris Wallace: Well, you have raised an issue, let the Vice President answer.

Joe Biden: It's been totally discredited.

Donald Trump: Did Burisma pay him 183,000 a month, with no experience in energy?

Chris Wallace: Mr. President.

Joe Biden: My son did nothing wrong at Burisma.

Donald Trump: I think he did.

Chris Wallace: Mr. President, let him answer.

Joe Biden: He doesn't want to let me answer because he knows I have the truth. His position has been totally, thoroughly discredited and [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: By who, the media? Because they refuse to talk about it because they're embarrassed.

Joe Biden: By the media, by our allies, by the world bank, by everyone, has discredited it. Matter of fact, even the people who testified under oath --

Chris Wallace: Mr. President please stop.

Donald Trump: Let me ask you this, Joe --

Chris Wallace: Go ahead, I'm listening to you.

Donald Trump: He got three and a half million dollars from Moscow.

Joe Biden: He testified under oath and his administration said I did my job and I did it very well.

Donald Trump: Oh really. I'd like to know who they are. I'll fire them

Joe Biden: I did it honorably. I'll give you the list of the people who testified. You've already fired most of them because they did a good job.

Donald Trump: Some people don't do a good job.

Joe Biden: Well, here's the --

Chris Wallace: Go ahead, you get the [Crosstalk] Wait a minute, you get the final word, Mr. --

Joe Biden: It's hard to get any word in with this clown. Excuse me, this president.

Donald Trump: Let me just say Joe.

Chris Wallace: No, no, no Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Three and a half million, Joe.

Joe Biden: That is simply not true.

Donald Trump: Why did he deserve three and a half million from Moscow?

Joe Biden: Look, here's the deal. We want to talk about families and ethics. I don't want to do that. His family we could talk about all night. His family's already --

Chris Wallace: No, no, let him go [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: My family lost a fortune by coming down and helping us with governance. [Crosstalk] A fortune by coming down and helping us with [Crosstalk] every single one of them lost a fortune [Crosstalk]

Joe Biden: It's about your family, the American people [Crosstalk]. That's not true. It doesn't want to talk about what you need, you, the American people. It's about you. That's what we're talking about here. [Crosstalk].

Chris Wallace: That's the end of the segment. We're moving on.

Joe Biden: It didn't take that --

Chris Wallace: Vice President [Crosstalk] --

Donald Trump: Can I be honest? It's a very important question.

Joe Biden: Try to be honest [Crosstalk].

Chris Wallace: The answer to the question is no.

Donald Trump: He stood up and he threatened Ukraine --

Chris Wallace: Sir?

Donald Trump: With a billion dollars if you don't get rid of [Crosstalk].

Chris Wallace: Gentlemen, I hate to raise my voice [Crosstalk] why shouldn't I be different than the two of you? So, here's the deal.

Joe Biden: Good point.

Chris Wallace: We have six segments. We have ended that segment. We're going to go to the next segment. In that segment, you each are going to have two uninterrupted moments. In those two uninterrupted minutes, Mr. President, you can say anything you want. I'm going to ask a question about race, but if you want to answer about something else, go ahead.

Chris Wallace: But I think that the country would be better served if we allowed both people to speak with fewer interruptions. I'm appealing to you, Sir, to do that.

Donald Trump: Well, and him too.

Chris Wallace: Well, frankly, you've been doing more interrupting than he has.

Donald Trump: That's all right, but he does plenty.

Chris Wallace: Sir, less than [Crosstalk]. No, less than you have. Let's please continue on. The issue of race. Vice President Biden, you say that President Trump's response to the violence in Charlottesville, three years ago, when he talked about very fine people on both sides was what directly led you to launch this run for president.

Donald Trump: Oh yeah, sure.

Chris Wallace: President Trump, you have often said that you believe you have done more for Black Americans than any president with a possible exception of Abraham Lincoln. My question for the two of you is why should voters trust you rather than your opponent to deal with the race issues facing this country over the next four years?

Chris Wallace: Vice President Biden, you go first.

Joe Biden: It's about equity and equality. It's about decency. It's about the Constitution. And we have never walked away from trying to require equity for everyone, equality for the whole of America. But we've never accomplished it. But we've never walked away from it like he has done. It is true the reason I got in the race is when those people -- Close your eyes, remember what those people look like coming out of the fields carrying torches.

Joe Biden: Their veins bulging, just spewing anti-Semitic bile and accompanied by the Ku Klux Klan. A young woman got killed. And they asked the President what he thought, he said, "There are very fine people on both sides." No president has ever say anything like that. [Crosstalk].

Chris Wallace: It is two minutes, Sir.

Joe Biden: Second point I make to you is that when Floyd was killed, when Mr. Floyd was killed, there was a peaceful protest in front of the White House. What did he do? He came out of his bunker, had the military use tear gas on them so he could walk across to a church and hold up a Bible. And then, what happened after that?

Joe Biden: The Bishop of that very church said that it was a disgrace. The general who was with him said, "All he ever wants to is divide people, not unite people at all." This is a president who has used everything as a dog whistle to try to generate racist hatred, racist division. This is a man who, in fact, you talk about helping African Americans, 1 in 1,000 African Americans has been killed because of the coronavirus.

Joe Biden: And if he doesn't do something quickly by the end of the year, 1 in 500 will have been killed. 1 in 500 African Americans. This man, this man is a savior of African Americans? This man cares at all? This man's done virtually nothing. Look, the fact is that you have to look at what he talks about. You have to look at what he did and what he did has been disastrous for the African American community.

Donald Trump: So --

Chris Wallace: President Trump, you have two minutes. Why should Americans trust you over your opponent to deal with racism?

Donald Trump: You a did a crime bill, 1994, where you called them super predators, African Americans are super predators. And they've never forgotten it. They've never forgotten it, Joe [Crosstalk].

Chris Wallace: No, sir, it's his two minutes.

Donald Trump: So, you did that and they call you super predator and I'm letting people out of jail now that you have treated the African American population community, you have treated the Black community, about as bad as anybody in this country. You did the 199 -- -- And that's why, if you look at the polls, I'm doing better than any Republican has done in a long time.

Donald Trump: Because they saw what you did. You called them super predators and you've called them worse than that. Because you look back at your testimony over the years, you've called them a lot worse than that. As far as the church is concerned, and as far as the generals are concerned, we just got the support of 250 military leaders and generals, total support.

Donald Trump: Law enforcement, almost every law enforcement group in the United States, I have Florida, I have Texas, I have Ohio, I have everyone. Excuse me, Portland, the sheriff just came out today and he said, "I support President Trump."

Donald Trump: I don't think you have any law enforcement. You can't even say the word law enforcement because if you say those words, you're going to lose all of your radical left supporters. And why aren't you saying those words, Joe? Why don't you say the words law enforcement? Because, you know what? If they called us in Portland, we would put out that fire in a half-an-hour.

Donald Trump: But they won't do it because they're run by radical left Democrats. If you look at Chicago, if you look at any place you want to look, Seattle. They heard we were coming in the following day and they put up their hands and we got back Seattle. Minneapolis, we got it back, Joe, because we believe in law and order.

Donald Trump: But you don't.

Donald Trump: The top 10 cities, and just about the top 40 cities, are run by Democrats, they're in many cases radical left. And they've got you wrapped around their finger, Joe, to a point where you don't want to say anything about law and order. And I'll tell you what, the people of this country want and demand law and order.

Donald Trump: And you're afraid to even say it.

Chris Wallace: All right. I want to return to the question of race. Vice President Biden, after the grand jury in the Breonna Taylor case decided not to charge any of the police with homicide, you said it raises the question, "whether justice could be equally applied in America." Do you believe that there is a separate but unequal system of justice for Blacks in this country?

Joe Biden: Yes, there is. There's systemic injustice in this country. In education, in work and in law enforcement and the way in which it's enforced. But look, the vast majority of police officers are good, decent, honorable men and women. They risk their lives every day to take care of us. But there are some bad apples.

Joe Biden: And when they occur, when they find them, they have to be sorted out. They have to be held accountable. They have to be held accountable. And what I'm going to do as President of the United States is call together an entire group of people at the White House, everything from the civil rights groups to the police officers, the police chiefs, and we're going to work this out.

Joe Biden: We're going to work this out so we change the way in which we have more transparency in when these things happen. These cops aren't happy to see what happened to George Floyd. These cops aren't happy to see what happened to Breonna Taylor. Most don't like it. But we have to have a system where people are held accountable.

Joe Biden: And, by the way, violence in response is never appropriate. Never appropriate. Peaceful protest is, violence is never appropriate.

Chris Wallace: All right, Mr. --

Donald Trump: What is peaceful protest? When they run through the middle of the town and burn down your stores and kill people all over the place and you say peaceful [Crosstalk] but you say it is.

Joe Biden: I did not say it.

Chris Wallace: President Trump, I'd like to continue with the issue of race. I promise we're going to get to the issue of law and order in a moment. This month, your administration directed federal agencies to end racial sensitivity training that addresses white privilege or critical race theory. Why did you decide to do that, to end racial sensitivity training?

Chris Wallace: And do you believe that there is systemic racism in this country, sir?

Donald Trump: I ended it because it's racist. I ended it because a lot of people were complaining that they were asked to do things that were absolutely insane, that it was a radical revolution that was taking place in our military, in our schools, all over the place. And you know it and so does everybody else. [Crosstalk].

Chris Wallace: What is radical about racial sensitivity training, Sir?

Donald Trump: If you were a certain person you had no status in life, it was a reversal. And if you look at the people, we were paying people hundreds of thousands of dollars to teach very bad ideas and, frankly, very sick ideas, and really they were teaching people to hate our country. And I'm not going to do that. I'm not going to allow that to happen.

Donald Trump: We have to go back to the core values of this country. They were teaching people that our country is a horrible place, it's a racist place, and they were teaching people to hate our country. And I'm not going to allow that to happen.

Chris Wallace: Vice President Biden?

Joe Biden: Nobody's doing that. He's the racist.

Donald Trump: You just don't know.

Joe Biden: Here's the deal, I know a lot more about this.

Donald Trump: You don't know this.

Chris Wallace: Let him finish.

Joe Biden: The fact is that there is racial insensitivity. People have to be made aware of what other people feel like, what insults them, what is demeaning to them. It's important to people. No, they don't want to -- Many people don't want to hurt other people's feelings. But it makes a big difference. It makes a gigantic difference in the way a child is able to grow up and have a sense of self-esteem.

Joe Biden: It's a little bit like how this guy and his friends look down on so many people. They look down their nose on people like Irish Catholics like me that grow up in Scranton. They look down on people who don't have money. They look down on people who are of a different faith. They look down on people who are a different color.

Joe Biden: In fact, we're all Americans. The only way we're going to bring this country together is bring everybody together. There's nothing we cannot do if we do it together. We can take this on and we can defeat racism in America.

Chris Wallace: President Trump, sir.

Donald Trump: During the Obama-Biden administration there was tremendous division. There was hatred. You look at Ferguson, you go to many places, look at Oakland, look what happened in Oakland, look what happened in Baltimore. Frankly, it was more violent than what I'm even seeing now.

Joe Biden: Oh my Lord.

Donald Trump: But the reason is that --

Joe Biden: This is ridiculous.

Donald Trump: The Democrats have run these cities --

Joe Biden: Absolutely ridiculous.

Donald Trump: Don't want to talk like you about law and order.

Joe Biden: Violent crime --

Donald Trump: And you still haven't mentioned -- Are you in favor of law and order?

Joe Biden: I'm in favor of law, you following it [Crosstalk]. Law and order with justice, where people get treated fairly. And the fact of the matter is violent crime went down 15% in our administration. It's gone up on his watch.

Donald Trump: It went down much more [Crosstalk].

Chris Wallace: Mr. President, you're going to be very happy [Crosstalk] law and order.

Donald Trump: Places we had trouble were Democratic-run cities --

Chris Wallace: That's exactly my question. There has been a dramatic increase in homicides in America this summer particularly and you often blame that on Democratic mayors and Democratic governors, but in fact there have been equivalent spikes in Republican-led cities, like Tulsa and Fort Worth. So, the question is is this really a party issue?

Donald Trump: I think it's a party issue. You can bring in a couple of examples, but if you look at Chicago, what's going on in Chicago, where 53 people were shot and 8 died. Shot. If you look at New York, where it's going up like nobody's ever seen anything, the numbers are going up 100%, 150%, 200%, crime.

Joe Biden: Republican cities --

Donald Trump: It is crazy what's going on. And he doesn't want to say law and order because he can't, because he'll lose his radical left supporters. And once he does that it's over with. But if he ever got to run this country and they ran it the way he would want to run it, we would have --

Joe Biden: We would run it the way --

Donald Trump: Our suburbs would be gone. By the way, our suburbs would be gone and you would see problems [Crosstalk].

Joe Biden: He wouldn't know a suburb unless he took a wrong turn.

Donald Trump: Oh, I know suburbs --

Joe Biden: He would not know [Crosstalk]. I was raised in the suburbs. This is not 1950. All these dog whistles and racism don't work anymore. Suburbs are by and large integrated. There's 90 people today driving their kids to soccer practice and/or to Black and white and Hispanic in the same car as there have been any time in the past.

Joe Biden: What really is a threat to the suburbs and their safety is his failure to deal with COVID. They're dying in the suburbs. His failure to deal with the environment, they're being flooded, they're being burned out, because of his refusal to do anything. That's why the suburbs are in trouble.

Chris Wallace: I do want to talk about this issue of law and order though, and in the joint recommendation that came from the Biden-Bernie Sanders task force, you talked about "reimagining policing." First of all, what does reimagining policing mean and do you support -- If I might finish the question. What does reimagining policing mean and do you support the Black Lives Matter call for community control of policing?

Joe Biden: Look, what I support is the police having the opportunity to deal with the problems they face. I'm totally opposed to defunding the police offices. As a matter of fact, local police. The only one defunding, and his budget calls for a $400 million cut in local law enforcement assistance. They need more assistance.

Joe Biden: They need, when they show up for a 911 call, to have someone with them as a psychologist or psychiatrist to keep them from having to use force and be able to talk people down. We have to have community policing like we had before, where the officers get to know the people in the communities. That's when crime went down.

Joe Biden: It didn't go up, it went down. And so we have to be --

Donald Trump: That's not what they're talking about, Chris. [Crosstalk] defunding the police.

Joe Biden: That is not true.

Donald Trump: He doesn't have any law [Crosstalk] he has no law enforcement support. Almost nothing.

Joe Biden: That's not true. Look --

Donald Trump: Oh, really? Who do you have? Name one group that supports you. Name one group that came out and supported you. Go ahead. Think. We have time.

Joe Biden: We don't have time to do anything except [Crosstalk].

Donald Trump: Name one law enforcement group that came out and supported you [Crosstalk].

Chris Wallace: I'm going to take back back the moderator's role.

Donald Trump: There aren't. I don't think there are any.

Chris Wallace: And I want to get to another subject, which is the issue of protest in many cities that have turned violent. In Portland, Oregon, especially, we had more than 100 straight days of protests, which I think you would agree, you talk about peaceful protest, many of those turned into riots. Mr. Vice President, you say that people who commit crimes should be held accountable.

Chris Wallace: The question I have though is, as the Democratic nominee, and earlier tonight you said that you are the Democratic Party right now, have you ever called the Democratic mayor of Portland or the Democratic governor of Oregon and said, "Hey, you got to stop this, bring in the National Guard, do whatever it takes.

Chris Wallace: But stop the days and months of violence in Portland?"

Joe Biden: I don't hold public office now. I am a former Vice President. I've made it clear. I've made it clear in my public statements that the violence should be prosecuted. It should be prosecuted. And anyone who commits it should be prosecuted.

Chris Wallace: But it never called for the people [Crosstalk] -- Excuse me, Sir. You have never called for the leaders in Portland and in Oregon to bring in the National Guard and knock off 100 days of riots.

Joe Biden: They can, in fact, take care of it if he'd just stay out of the way.

Donald Trump: Oh, really? Oh, really?

Joe Biden: Here's the thing [Crosstalk].

Donald Trump: Get the killer of the young man in the middle of the street, they shot him. For three days [Crosstalk] they took care of business.

Chris Wallace: Go ahead, Sir.

Joe Biden: And, by the way, his own former spokesperson said, "Riots and chaos and violence help his cause." That's what this is all about.

Donald Trump: I don't know who said that.

Joe Biden: I do.

Donald Trump: Who?

Joe Biden: Kellyanne Conway.

Donald Trump: I don't think she said that.

Joe Biden: She said that. And so here's the point -- Here's the point. The point is that that's what he keeps trying to rile everything up. He doesn't want to calm things down. Instead of going in and talking to people and saying, "Let's get everybody together, figure out how to deal with this." What's he do? He just pours gasoline in the fire constantly every single solitary time.

Chris Wallace: Okay, and to button up this segment, I'm going to give you a minute to answer, Sir. You have repeatedly criticized --

Donald Trump: Well, wait a minute, I have to answer his --

Chris Wallace: You have repeatedly --

Donald Trump: Wait, just one second.

Chris Wallace: No, you've been talking back and forth [Crosstalk]. If you want to switch sweats we can do that.

Donald Trump: Send in National Guard, it would be over. There'd be no problem.

Chris Wallace: Okay.

Donald Trump: But they don't want to accept the National Guard.

Chris Wallace: You have repeatedly criticized the Vice President for not specifically calling out Antifa and other left-wing extremist groups. But are you willing tonight to condemn white supremacists and militia groups and to say that they need to stand down and not add to the violence in a number of these cities as we saw in Kenosha and as we've seen in Portland?

Donald Trump: Sure. I'm willing to do that --

Chris Wallace: Are you prepared to specifically --

Joe Biden: Do it.

Chris Wallace: Go ahead, Sir.

Donald Trump: I would say almost everything I see is from the left-wing, not from the right-wing.

Chris Wallace: So, what are you saying?

Donald Trump: I'm willing to do anything. I want to see peace.

Chris Wallace: Well, then do it, Sir.

Joe Biden: Say it. Do it. Say it.

Donald Trump: You want to call them -- What do you want to call them? Give me a name. Give me a name. [Crosstalk] Who would you like me to condemn? [Crosstalk] Proud Boys, stand back and stand by. But I'll tell you what, somebody's got to do something about Antifa and the left. Because this is not a right-wing problem [Crosstalk].

Joe Biden: Antifa is an idea, not an organization.

Donald Trump: Oh, you've got to be kidding.

Joe Biden: Not militia. That's what his FBI director said.

Donald Trump: Well then, you know what? He's wrong. [Crosstalk].

Chris Wallace: We're done, Sir. We're moving on to the next [Crosstalk].

Joe Biden: Everybody in your administration tells you the truth has a bad idea. You have no idea [Crosstalk].

Donald Trump: Antifa is a dangerous, radical group.

Chris Wallace: All right, gentlemen, we're now moving on to the Trump and Biden records --

Donald Trump: And you ought to be careful with them. They'll overthrow you [Crosstalk].

Chris Wallace: I'm going to ask a question. When the president seeks a second term, it is generally a referendum on his record. But, Vice President Biden, you like to quote one of your dad's sayings, which is, "Don't compare me to the Almighty, compare me to the alternative." And in this case, Sir, you are the alternative.

Chris Wallace: Looking at both of your records, I'm going to ask each of you, why should voters elect you president over your opponent? In this segment, President Trump, you'll go first. Two minutes.

Donald Trump: Because there has never been an administration or president who has done more than I've done in a period of three-and-a-half years. And that's despite the impeachment hoax, and you saw what happened today with Hillary Clinton, where it was a whole big con job. But despite going through all of these things, where I had to fight both flanks and behind me and above, there has never been an administration that's done what I've done.

Donald Trump: Before COVID came in, the greatest economy in history, lowest unemployment numbers. Everything was good. And, by the way, there was unity going to happen. People were calling me, for the first time in years, they were calling and they were saying, "It's time maybe." But then what happened? We got hit but now we're building it back up again.

Donald Trump: A rebuilding of the military, including Space Force and all of the other things. A fixing of the VA, which was a mess under him. 308,000 people died because they didn't have proper healthcare. It was a mess. And we now got a 91% approval rating at the VA, our vets. We take care of our vets. But we've rebuilt our military.

Donald Trump: The job that we've done.

Donald Trump: And I'll tell you something, some people say, maybe the most important, by the end of the first term I'll have approximately 300 federal judges and court of appeals judges, 300. And hopefully three great Supreme Court justices. That is a record the likes of which very few people -- And you know one of the reasons I'll have so many judges?

Donald Trump: Because President Obama and him left me 128 judges to fill. When you leave office, you don't leave any judges. That's like you just don't do that. They left 128 openings. And if I were a member of his party, because they have a little different philosophy, I'd say if you left us 128 openings, you can't be a good president.

Donald Trump: You can't be a good vice president. But I want to thank you because it gives us almost -- It'll probably be above that number by the end of this term.

Chris Wallace: Time, Sir. 300 judges, it's a record.

Chris Wallace: Looking at both your records, why should voters elect you president as opposed to President Trump? You have two minutes uninterrupted.

Joe Biden: Under this president, we've become weaker, sicker, poorer, more divided and more violent. When I was Vice President, we inherited a recession. I was asked to fix it, I did, we left him a booming economy and he caused the recession. With regard to being weaker, the fact is that I've gone head-to-head with Putin and made it clear to him we're not going to take any of his stuff.

Joe Biden: He's Putin's puppy. He still refuses to even say anything to Putin about the bounty on the heads of American soldiers.

Donald Trump: Your son got [Crosstalk] --

Chris Wallace: Wait a minute. Mr. President, your campaign agreed to both sides would get two minute answers uninterrupted. Well, your side agreed to it and why don't you observe what your campaign agreed to as a ground rule. Okay, sir?

Joe Biden: He never keeps his word. [Crosstalk].

Chris Wallace: That was a rhetorical question. Go ahead, sir.

Joe Biden: Can you go back 30 seconds?

Chris Wallace: Yes, you may have. Go ahead.

Joe Biden: So, thirdly, we're poorer. The billionaires have gotten much more wealthy by a tune of $300 to $400 billion more just since COVID. You in the hole, you got less. You're in more trouble than you were before. In terms of being more violent, when we were in office there were 15% less violence in America than there is today.

Joe Biden: He's President of the United States. It's on his watch. And with regard to more divided, the nation can't stay divided. We can't be this way. And speaking of my son, the way you talk about the military, the way you talk about them being losers and just being suckers, my son was in Iraq, he spent a year there.

Joe Biden: He got the Bronze Star, he got the Conspicuous Service medal, he was not a loser. He was a patriot and the people left behind there were heroes.

Donald Trump: Really? Really? Are you talking about [Crosstalk].

Joe Biden: I'm talking about my son, Beau Biden. You're talking about --

Donald Trump: I don't know Beau. I know Hunter. Hunter got thrown out of the military. He was thrown out, dishonorably discharged for --

Joe Biden: That's not true. He wasn't dishonorably discharged --

Donald Trump: Cocaine use. And he didn't have a job until you became vice president. And once you became vice president [Crosstalk] he made a fortune in Ukraine, in China, in Moscow and various other places.

Joe Biden: That is simply not true.

Donald Trump: He made a fortune.

Chris Wallace: Gentlemen --

Donald Trump: And he didn't have a job.

Joe Biden: My son, like a lot of people, like a lot of people we know at home, had a drug problem. He's overtaken it. He's fixed it. He's worked on it and I'm proud of him. I'm proud of my son.

Donald Trump: But why was he given tens of millions of dollars?

Joe Biden: He wasn't given tens of millions of dollars [Crosstalk]. That is totally [Crosstalk].

Chris Wallace: President Trump, President Trump, we've already been --

Joe Biden: ...totally discredited.

Chris Wallace: We've already been through this. I think the American people would rather hear about more substantial subjects.

Joe Biden: So do I.

Chris Wallace: Well, as the moderator, sir I am going to make a judgment call here. Okay great, let's talk about -- [Crosstalk].

Donald Trump: I know, but when somebody gets $3.5 million from the mayor of Moscow --

Joe Biden: That is not true.

Chris Wallace: Let's talk about [Crosstalk]. Gentlemen --

Joe Biden: That report is totally discredited.

Donald Trump: Why did he get it?

Chris Wallace: I think --

Joe Biden: Mitt Romney on that committee said it wasn't worth taxpayer's money. That reporter has written for political reasons.

Chris Wallace: You know? I'd like to talk about climate change.

Joe Biden: So would I.

Chris Wallace: Okay? The forest fires in the West are raging now. They have burned millions of acres. They have displaced hundreds of thousands of people. When state officials there blame the fires on climate change, Mr. President, you said, "I don't think the science knows." Over your four years, you have pulled the U S out of the Paris Climate accord.

Chris Wallace: You have rolled back a number of Obama, environmental records. What do you believe about the science of climate change and what will you do in the next four years to confront it?

Donald Trump: I want crystal clean water and air. I want beautiful clean air. We have now the lowest carbon. If you look at our numbers right now, we are doing phenomenally, but I haven't destroyed our businesses. Our businesses aren't put out of commission. If you look at the Paris accord, it was a disaster from our standpoint, and people are actually very happy about what's going on because our businesses are doing well.

Donald Trump: As far as the fires are concerned, you need forest management in addition to everything else. The forest floors are loaded up with trees, dead trees that are years old, and they're like Tinder and leaves and everything else. You drop a cigarette in there. The whole forest burns down. You've got to have forest management.

Donald Trump: You've got to have cuts.

Chris Wallace: What do you believe about the science of climate change, sir?

Donald Trump: I believe that we have to do everything we can to have immaculate air, immaculate water and do whatever else we can that's good. You know we are planting a billion trees, The Billion Tree project. And it's very exciting [Crosstalk].

Chris Wallace: Do you believe that human pollution, greenhouse gas emissions contributes to the global warming of the planet?

Donald Trump: I think a lot of things do, but I think to an extent, yes. But I also think we have to do better management of our forest. Every year, I get the call, California's burning, California's burning. If that was cleaned, if that were... If you had forest management, good forest management, you wouldn't be getting those calls.

Donald Trump: In Europe, they live there, forest cities. They call forest cities. They maintain their forest. They manage their forest. I was with the head of a major country. It's a forest city. He said, "Sir, we have trees that are far more, they ignite much easier than California. There shouldn't be that problem." I spoke with the governor about it.

Donald Trump: I'm getting along very well with the governor. But I said, "At some point you can't every year have hundreds of thousands of acres of land just burned to the ground. That's burning down because of a lack of financial."

Chris Wallace: But sir, if you believe in the science of climate change, why have you rolled back the Obama Clean Power Plan, which limited carbon emissions in power plants? Why have you relaxed -- Because it was driving energy prices through the sky.

Chris Wallace: Why have you relaxed fuel economy standards that are going to create more pollution from cars [Crosstalk]? Well, not really because what's happening is the car is much less expensive and it's a much safer car. And you are talking about a tiny difference. And then what would happen because of the cost of the car, you would have at least double and triple the number of cars purchased.

Chris Wallace: We have the old slugs out there that are 10, 12 years old. If you did that, the car would be safer. It would be much cheaper by $3500.

Chris Wallace: But in the case of California, they simply ignore it [Crosstalk]. No, but you would take a lot of cars off the market because people would be able to afford a car now. By the way, we're going to see how that turns out. But a lot of people agree with me, many people. The car has gotten so expensive because they have computers all over the place for an extra little bit of gasoline.

Chris Wallace: And I'm okay with electric cars too. I think I'm all for electric cars. I've given big incentives for electric cars, but what they've done in California is just crazy. All right. Vice President Biden, I'd like you to respond to the President's climate change record. But I also want to ask you about a concern.

Chris Wallace: You propose $2 trillion in green jobs. You talk about new limits, not abolishing, but new limits on fracking, ending the use of fossil fuels to generate electricity by 2035 and zero net emission of greenhouse gases, by 2050. The President says a lot of these things would tank the economy and cost millions of jobs.

Joe Biden: He's absolutely wrong, number one. Number two, if in fact, during our administration, the recovery act, I was in charge, able to bring down the cost of renewable energy to cheaper than, or as cheap as coal and gas and oil. Nobody's going to build another coal fired plant in America. No one's going to build another oil fire plant in America.

Joe Biden: They're going to move to renewable energy, number one. Number two, we're going to make sure that we are able to take the federal fleet and turn it into a fleet that's run on their electric vehicles. Making sure that we can do that, we're going to put 500,000 charging stations in all of the highways that we're going to be building in the future.

Joe Biden: We're going to build a economy that in fact is going to provide for the ability for us to take 4 million buildings and make sure that they in fact are weatherized in a way that in fact they'll emit significantly less gas and oil because the heat will not be going out. There's so many things that we can do now to create thousands and thousands of jobs.

Joe Biden: We can get to net zero in terms of energy production by 2035, not only not costing people jobs, creating jobs. Creating millions of good paying jobs, not 15 bucks an hour, but prevailing wage by having a new infrastructure that in fact is green. And the first thing I will do, I will rejoin the Paris accord.

Joe Biden: I will join the Paris accord because with us out of it, look what's happening. It's all falling apart. And talk about someone, who has no relationship with foreign policy. Brazil, the rainforest of Brazil are being torn down, are being ripped down. More carbon is absorbed in that rainforest, and every bit of carbon that's admitted in the United States.

Joe Biden: Instead of doing something about that, I would be gathering up and making sure we had the countries of the world coming up with $20 billion say, "Here's $20 billion. Stop, stop tearing down the forest. And if you don't, then you're going to have significant economic consequences." [Crosstalk].

Chris Wallace: What about the argument that President Trump basically says that you have to balance environmental interests and economic interests and he's drawn his line?

Joe Biden: Well, he hadn't drawn a line. He's still, for example, he wants to make sure that methane is not a problem. You can now admit more methane without it being a problem. Methane, this is a guy, who says that you don't have to have [Inaudible] standards for automobiles that exists now. This is a guy, who says that --

Donald Trump: Not true. Not true.

Joe Biden: The fact that -- It's all true, and here's the deal.

Donald Trump: He's talking about the Green New Deal, and it's not $2 billion or $20 billion, as you said, it's $100 trillion.

Joe Biden: I'm talking about the Biden plan.

Donald Trump: Where they want to rip down buildings and.

Chris Wallace: [Crosstalk] for a minute and then you can go.

Donald Trump: ...rebuild the building. It's the most ridiculous where airplanes are [Crosstalk], as is where two car systems are out,

Joe Biden: Not true.

Donald Trump: Where they want to take out the cows too. You know, that's not true either right?

Joe Biden: Not true.

Donald Trump: This is a 100 trillion.

Joe Biden: Simply look --

Donald Trump: That's more money than our country could make in a hundred years. If we [Crosstalk].

Joe Biden: It is simply not the case [Crosstalk].

Chris Wallace: All right. Wait a minute, sir. I actually have studied your plan. And it includes upgrading 4 million buildings, weatherizing, 2 million homes over four years, building 1.5 million energy efficient homes. So the question becomes, the President is saying, I think some people, who support the President would say, that sounds like it's going to cost a lot of money and hurt the economy.

Joe Biden: It's going to create thousands of millions of jobs. Good paying jobs.

Donald Trump: $100 trillion.

Chris Wallace: Let him finish, sir.

Joe Biden: He doesn't know how to do that.

Donald Trump: $100 trillion.

Joe Biden: The fact is it's going to create millions of good paying jobs. And these tax incentives for people to weatherize which he wants to get rid of. It's going to make the economy much safer. Look how much we're paying now to deal with the hurricanes. By the way, he has an answer for hurricanes. He said, maybe we should drop a nuclear weapon on them.

Joe Biden: They may [Crosstalk].

Donald Trump: I never said that at all, he made it up.

Joe Biden: Actually he did say it. And here's the deal.

Donald Trump: You make up a lot.

Joe Biden: We're going to be in a position, where we can create hard, hard, good jobs by making sure the environment is clean and we all are in better shape. We spend billions of dollars, now. Billions of dollars on floods, hurricanes, rising seas. We're in real trouble. Look, what's happened just in the Midwest with these storms that come through and wipe out entire sections and counties in Iowa.

Joe Biden: They didn't happen before. They're because of global warming. We make up 15% of the world's problem. We, in fact, but the rest of the world, we got to get them to come along. That's why we have to get back into, back into the Paris accord.

Chris Wallace: All right, gentleman we --

Donald Trump: One minute Chris. So why didn't he do it for 47 years? You were Vice President.

Joe Biden: For 47 --

Donald Trump: Why didn't you get the world... China sends up real dirt into the air, Russia does, India does, they all do. We're supposed to be good. And by the way, he made a couple of statements. The Green New Deal is a $100 trillion, not 20 billion.

Joe Biden: That is not my plan.

Donald Trump: Well, you want to rebuild every building. [Crosstalk].

Joe Biden: The Green New Deal is not my plan.

Chris Wallace: All right, all right. You have to -- Wait no. Gentleman --

Donald Trump: I want to rebuild every [Crosstalk].

Joe Biden: If you knew anything about --

Chris Wallace: Gentleman! Gentleman!

Donald Trump: He made a statement about the military. He said, "I said something about the military." He and his friends made it up, and then they went with it. I never said it.

Joe Biden: That is not true.

Chris Wallace: Okay. Sir, you're done with that segment. Mr. Vice President, I --

Donald Trump: He called the military stupid bastards.

Chris Wallace: [Crosstalk].

Joe Biden: I did not say that.

Donald Trump: He said it on tape. He said stupid, bastards. He said it.

Chris Wallace: Please, sir, stop. Stop.

Donald Trump: I would never say that [Crosstalk].

Joe Biden: Play it, play it.

Donald Trump: Your on tape.

Chris Wallace: Go ahead, Mr. Vice President answered his final question.

Joe Biden: Final question is, I can't remember which of all his ranting [Crosstalk]

Chris Wallace: I'm having a little trouble myself, but, about the economy and about this question of what it's got to cost.

Joe Biden: The economy --

Chris Wallace: I mean the Green New Deal, and the idea of what your environmental changes will do.

Joe Biden: The Green New Deal will pay for itself, as we move forward. We're not going to build plants that in fact are great polluting plants.

Chris Wallace: But, you're going to build the Green New Deal?

Joe Biden: Pardon me?

Chris Wallace: You support the --

Joe Biden: No, I don't support the Green New Deal.

Donald Trump: Oh, you don't. Oh, well, that's a big statement. That means you just lost the radical left. Oh, you don't.

Joe Biden: I support the Biden plan that I put forward.

Chris Wallace: Okay.

Joe Biden: The Biden plan, which is different than what he calls, the radical, Green New Deal.

Chris Wallace: All right, gentlemen, final segment, election integrity. As we meet tonight, millions of Americans are receiving mail-in ballots or going to vote early. How confident should we be, that this will be a fair election? And what are you prepared to do over the next five plus weeks, because it'll not only be to election day, but also, counting some ballots, mail-in ballots, after election day.

Chris Wallace: What are you prepared to do to reassure the American people that the next President will be the legitimate winner of this election? In this final segment, Mr. Vice President, you go first.

Joe Biden: Prepare to let people vote. They should go to IWillVote.com. Decide how they're going to vote, when they're going to vote, and what means by which they're going to vote. His own Homeland security director, as well as the FBI director says there was no evidence at all that mail-in ballots are a source of being manipulated and cheating.

Joe Biden: They said that. The fact is that there are going to be millions of people because of COVID that are going to be voting by mail-in ballots like he does, by the way. He sits behind the rosewood desk and sends his ballot to Florida, number one. Number two, we're going to make sure that those people, who want to vote in person are able to vote because there are enough poll watchers are there to make sure they can socially distance.

Joe Biden: The polls are open on time, and they'll poll stay open until the votes are counted. And this is all about trying to dissuade people from voting because he's trying to scare people into thinking that it's not going to be legitimate. Show up and vote. You will determine the outcome of this election. Vote, vote, vote.

Joe Biden: If you're able to vote early in your state, vote early. If you're able to vote in person, vote in person, vote whatever way is the best way for you, because you will. He cannot stop you from being able to determine the outcome of this election. And in terms of whether or not, when the votes are counted, and they're all counted, that will be accepted.

Joe Biden: If I win, that will be accepted. If I lose, that'll be accepted. But, by the way, if in fact he says, he's not sure what he's going to accept. Well, let me tell you something, it doesn't matter because if we get the votes, it's going to be all over. He's going to go. He can't stay in power. It won't happen.

Joe Biden: It won't happen. So vote. Just make sure you understand you have it in your control to determine what this country is going to look like the next four years. Is it going to change or you get four more years of these lies.

Chris Wallace: Mr. President two minutes.

Donald Trump: So, when I listened to Joe talking about a transition, there's been no transition from when I won. I won that election, and if you look at crooked Hillary Clinton, if you look at all of the different people, there was no transition. Because they came after me trying to do a coup. They came after me spying on my campaign.

Donald Trump: They started from the day I won, and even before I won. From the day I came down the escalator with our first lady, they were a disaster. They were a disgrace to our country, and we've caught them. We've caught them all. We've got it all on tape. We've caught them all. And by the way, you gave the idea for the Logan act against general Flynn.

Donald Trump: You better take a look at that because we caught you in a sense. And President Obama was sitting in the office. He knew about it too. So don't tell me about a free transition. As far as the ballots are concerned, it's a disaster. A solicited ballot, okay, solicited is okay. You're soliciting. You're asking.

Donald Trump: They send it back. You send it back. I did that. If you have an unsolicited, they're sending millions of ballots all over the country. There's fraud. They found them in creeks. They found some with the name Trump. Just happened to have the name. Trump, just the other day in a wastepaper basket. They're being sent all over the place.

Donald Trump: They sent two in a Democrat area. They sent out a thousand ballots. Everybody got two ballots. This is going to be a fraud like you've never seen.

Donald Trump: The other thing, it's nice on November 3rd, you're watching and you see who won the election. And I think we're going to do well because people are really happy with the job we've done. But you know what? We might not know for months because these ballots are going to be all over. Take a look at what happened in Manhattan.

Donald Trump: Take a look at what happened in New Jersey. Take a look at what happened in Virginia and other places. They're not losing 2%, 1%, which by the way is too much. An election could be one or loss with that. They'll lose in 30 and 40%. It's a fraud. And it's a shame. And can you imagine where they say, you have to have your ballot in by November 10th.

Donald Trump: November 10th. That means, that's seven days after the election, in theory, should have been announced. We have major states that all run by Democrats, all run by Democrats.

Chris Wallace: Okay, sir, two minutes is two minutes. President Trump --

Donald Trump: [Crosstalk]. It's a rigged election.

Chris Wallace: You're going to be able to continue. You have been charging for months that mail-in balloting is going to be a disaster. You say it's rigged, that it's going to lead to fraud. But in 2018, in the last midterm election, 31 million people voted mail-in voting. That was a quarter, more than a quarter, of all the voters that year, cast their ballot by mail.

Chris Wallace: Now that millions of mail-in ballots have gone out, what are you going to do about it? And are you counting on the Supreme court, including a Justice Barrett to settle on any dispute?

Donald Trump: Yeah, I think I'm counting on them to look at the ballots, definitely. I don't think, well, I hope we don't need them in terms of the election itself. But for the ballots, I think so. Because what's happening is incredible. I just heard, I read today, where at least 1% of the ballots for 2016 were invalidated.

Donald Trump: They take them. We don't like them. We don't like them. They throw them out after a --

Chris Wallace: But what are you going to do about it. If there are millions of ballots going out right now, what are you going to do?

Donald Trump: What you do is you go and vote. You do a solicited ballot, that's okay, or you go and vote.

Chris Wallace: No, I know you've complained. I'm asking you about the fact that millions of people have --

Donald Trump: you go and vote. You go and vote. Like they used to in the --

Chris Wallace: No, but what I am [Crosstalk] is what are you going to do about the fact that millions of people --

Donald Trump: You either do Chris, a solicited ballot, where you're sending it in they're sending it back and you sending. They have mailmen with lots of it. Did you see what's going on? Take a look at West Virginia, mailmen selling the ballots. They're being sold. They're being dumped in rivers. This is a horrible thing for our country.

Joe Biden: There is no evidence of that.

Donald Trump: This is not going to end well.

Joe Biden: There is no evidence of that [Crosstalk].

Donald Trump: This is not going to end well.

Chris Wallace: Okay, Vice President Biden, go ahead sir.

Joe Biden: Five States that had mail-in ballots for the last decade or more, five including two Republican States. And you don't have to solicit the ballot it's sent to you. It's sent to your home. What we're saying is, they're saying is that it has to be a postmark by the time by election day. If that doesn't get in until the seventh, eighth, ninth, it still should be counted.

Joe Biden: He's just afraid of counting the votes because [Crosstalk] outcome.

Donald Trump: You're wrong. I would love to ask [Crosstalk].

Chris Wallace: No, I want to continue with you on this Vice President Biden becuase --

Donald Trump: Chris, he's so wrong when he makes a statement like that.

Chris Wallace: In fact, no, excuse me. Vice President Biden, the biggest problem in fact, over the years with mail-in voting has not been fraud. Historically, it has been that sizable numbers, sometimes hundreds of thousands of ballots are thrown out because they have not been properly filled out or there is some other irregularity or they've missed the deadline.

Donald Trump: That must be fraud.

Chris Wallace: So the question I have is are you concerned that the Supreme court with a justice Barrett will settle any dispute?

Joe Biden: I am concerned that any court would settle this because here's the deal. When you get a ballot and you fill it out, you're supposed to have an affidavit. If you didn't know, you have someone say that this is me. You should be able to, if in fact, you can verify that you, when before the ballot is thrown out, that's sufficient to be able to count the ballot because someone made a mistake and not dotting the correct guy.

Joe Biden: Who they voted for, testify, say who they voted for, say it's you, that is totally legitimate.

Chris Wallace: All right --

Donald Trump: Excuse me Chris, when you have 80 million ballots --

Chris Wallace: Gentlemen I have a final question --

Donald Trump: ...sending in swamping the system. You know, it can't be done. You know, it can't, and already there has been fraud [Crosstalk].

Chris Wallace: All right, so now [Crosstalk]. Wait a minute, gentlemen, final question. In eight states... We can keep talking. In eight States, election workers are prohibited currently by law, eight states, from even beginning to process ballots. Even take them out of the envelopes and flatten them until election day.

Chris Wallace: That means that it's likely because there's going to be a huge increase in Mail-in balloting, that we are not going to know on election night, who the winner is that it could be days. It could be weeks.

Donald Trump: It'd be months.

Chris Wallace: Until we find out who the new President is. So first for you, sir, finally, for the Vice President, I hope neither of you will interrupt the other. Will you urge your supporters to stay calm during this extended period, not to engage in any civil unrest? And will you pledge tonight that you will not declare victory until the election has been independently certified?

Chris Wallace: President Trump, you go first.

Donald Trump: I'm urging my supporters to go into the polls and watch very carefully because that's what has to happen. I am urging them to do it. As you know today, there was a big problem. In Philadelphia, they went into watch. They were called poll watchers, a very safe, very nice thing. They were thrown out. They weren't allowed to watch, you know why?

Donald Trump: Because bad things happen in Philadelphia, bad things. And I am urging my people. I hope it's going to be a fair election. If it's a fair election, --

Chris Wallace: You are urging them what?

Donald Trump: I am a hundred percent on board. But if I see tens of thousands of ballots being manipulated, I can't go along with that. And I'll tell you what?

Chris Wallace: But what I was asking [Crosstalk] does that mean you are going to tell your people to take to the streets?

Donald Trump: From a common-sense... I'll tell you what it means. It means you have a fraudulent election.

Chris Wallace: And what would you do about that?

Donald Trump: You are sending out 80 million ballots. These people aren't equipped to handle it, number one. Number two, they cheat. They cheat. Hey, they found ballots in a wastepaper basket three days ago and they all had the name military ballots. There were military. They all had the name Trump on them. You think that's good?

Chris Wallace: Vice President Biden, final question for you. Will you urge your supporters to stay calm while the vote is counted? And will you pledge not to declare victory until the election is independently certified?

Joe Biden: Yes. And here's the deal? They count the balance, as you pointed out, some of these ballots in some States can't even be opened until election day. And if there's thousands of ballots going to take time to do it. And by the way, our military, they've been voting by ballots at the end of the civil war in effect.

Joe Biden: And that is what's happened going to happen. Why was it not? Why is it for them somehow not fraudulent? It's the same process. It's honest. No one has established at all that there is fraud related to mail-in ballots. That somehow it's a fraudulent process.

Donald Trump: It's already been established. Take a look at Carolyn Maloney's race. [Crosstalk].

Chris Wallace: I asked you, you had an opportunity to respond. Go ahead.

Donald Trump: Look at Carolyn Maloney. They have no idea [Crosstalk].

Chris Wallace: Vice President Biden, go ahead. Yeah.

Joe Biden: He has no idea what he's talking about. Here's the deal. The fact is I will accept it and he will too. You know why? Because once the winner is declared after all the ballots are counted, all the votes are counted. That'll be the end of it. That'll be the end of it. And if it's me, in fact, fine. If it's not me, I'll support the outcome.

Joe Biden: And I'll be a President, not just for the Democrats. I'll be a President for Democrats and Republicans. And this guy, [Crosstalk].

Donald Trump: I want to see an honest ballot count.

Chris Wallace: Gentlemen, to say, that's the end of it. This is the end of this debate.

Donald Trump: I want to see an honest ballot count, and I think he does too. [Crosstalk].

Chris Wallace: We're going to leave it there to be continued, as in more debates, as we go on. President Trump, Vice President Biden, it's been an interesting hour and a half. I want to thank you both for participating in the first of three debates that you have agreed to engage in. We want to thank Case Western Reserve University and the Cleveland Clinic for hosting this event.

Chris Wallace: The next debate sponsored by the Commission on Presidential Debates will be one week from tomorrow, October 7th at the University of Utah in Salt Lake City. The two Vice Presidential nominees, Vice President Mike Pence and Senator Kamala Harris will debate at 9:00 PM Eastern that night. We hope you'll watch it. Until then, thank you, and good night.