I don't know. It sounded to me -- I read a manifesto, which is -- he's radicalized. He was a Christian, a believer, and then he became an anti-Christian. And he had a lot of change. He's been going through a lot based on what he wrote. His brother complained about him. And I think reported him to the police.

And his sister, likewise, complained about him. His family was very concerned. He was probably a pretty sick guy.

Yeah.

Right.

I wasn't worried. I understand life. We live in a crazy world.

Right.

Right around that point. In fact, you can see the expression on the First Lady's face. And your president of the evening, chairman, or president, or both, who was doing a great job, by the way --

-- your -- your associate, yeah. She's a terrific person. They were asking the name of Karoline's child, that he didn't know, I guess. But he was able to get it.

That's right.

That's right.

She was.

Well, I don't want to say. And people don't like having it said that they were scared. But certainly, I mean, who wouldn't be when you have a situation like that? By that time, I think she realized ahead of time that that was more of a bullet than it was a tray. And she was -- I -- I looked at her face just a little while ago before I came.

I saw the scene. They played it for me and, you know, pretty good closeup. And she looked very upset about what just took place, you know? Why not?

Right.

Yeah.

Well, what happened is -- it was a little bit me. I wanted to see what was happening. And I wasn't making it that easy for them. I wanted to see what was going on. And by that time, we started to realize maybe it was a bad problem -- different kind of a problem, bad one, and different than what would be normal noise from a ballroom, which you hear all the time.

And I was surrounded by great people. And I probably made them act a little bit more slowly. I said, "Wait a minute, wait a minute. Let me see. Wait a minute." So, you know, I'm telling guys to --

Well, no what happened is then I started walking with them. I turned, I started walking. And they said, "Please go down. Please go down on the floor." So, I went down. And the First Lady went down also. But we were asked to go down by the agents as I was walking. In other words, I was --

I was standing up -- pretty much. I was standing up and then turned around the opposite direction and started pretty much walking out pretty tall, a little bent over because they -- you know, I'm not looking to be standing too tall. And -- but I was walking out. I was pretty -- about halfway there when they said, "Please go down to the floor.

Please go down to the floor." So, I dropped to the floor. So, did the First Lady.

Well, my thought was, "You know, I've been through this before a couple of times." And she has not to this extent. She handled it great. I mean, she was -- she's very strong, smart. She got it. She knew what was happening. She listened. I did, too, by the way --

When -- when they said, you know, when they said, "Drop down," that meant trouble. And obviously, I'm the president. And I listened to what they said, "Please drop down. Sir, please drop down." So I was walking halfway. And then I dropped down at the final because we had a little ways to go where you're exposed to the ballroom, surroundings.

And then, I got up and we went to a hold room for a while. And I tried to get them to continue the event, if possible.

I did. I really did.

Yeah.

His speed was rather incredible, actually. It was -- it was like a blur.

Well --

I -- I will say -- look, I -- I say it because I'm a big fan of the people, of law enforcement. And, you know, some of these people, they may be crazy, but they're not stupid. And they figure things out. Yeah, and he ran 45 yards, they say. And he just went to it. And then, boom, he popped through it. I mean, he ran like -- I think the NFL should sign him up. He was fast.

When you look at it on tape, it's almost like a blur.

But it was amazing because as soon as they saw that, you could see them draw their guns. They were so professional. Aimed their guns, and then they took him down immediately.

I saw a room that was just totally unified. It was, in one way, very beautiful.

Well, look, for whatever reason, we disagree on a lot of subjects. We -- we talk about crime. I'm very strong on crime. It seems like the press isn't. It's not so much the press. It's the press plus the Democrats, because they're almost one in the same. It's, like, the craziest thing. I have the strongest border we've ever had in the country where, as you know, it -- it's at zero people for nine months came into our country through our southern border.

We have a very tough border.

Well, I was waiting for you to read that because I knew you would, because you're -- you're -- you're horrible people. Horrible people. Yeah, he did write that. I'm -- I'm not a rapist. I didn't rape anybody.

I'm not a pedophile. Excuse me. Excuse me. I'm not a pedophile. You read that crap from some sick person? I got associated with all -- stuff that has nothing to do with me. I was totally exonerated. Your friends on the other side of the plate are the ones that were involved with, let's say, Epstein or other things.

But I said to myself, "You know, I'll do this interview. And they'll probably" -- I read the manifesto. You know, he's a sick person. But you should be ashamed of yourself reading that because I'm not any of those things.

And I was never -- excuse me. Excuse me. You shouldn't be reading that on 60 MINUTES. You're a disgrace. But go ahead. Let's finish the interview.

You -- you're disgraceful.

Well, he was pretty incompetent, too, because he got caught. And he got caught pretty easily. So, I'd say he was pretty incompetent, too. You know, I could take any event having to do with security or anything else, like, I can always find fault. Those guys did a good job last night. They did a really good job.

You should read -- why don't you read all the anti-Trump? Why don't you read it? You just did, so why don't you read it?

No Kings, yeah.

Well, see, the -- the part -- the reason you have people like that is you have people doing No Kings. I'm not a king. What I am -- if I was a king, I wouldn't be dealing with you.

Yeah.

That's right.

Yeah.

Well, you know, you go back 20 years, 40 years, 100 years, 200 years, 500 years, it's always been there. People are assassinated. People are injured. People are hurt. And I'm not sure that it's any more now than there was. I do think that the hate speech of the Democrats, much more so, is -- is very dangerous.

I really think it's very dangerous for the country.

I want them, because I don't want to see it be canceled. I don't want to have a crazy person -- I think it's really bad for a crazy person to be able to cancel something like this. There are great people in the press, too, I can name, but I don't want to -- I don't want to embarrass your show. We have some great people in the press, some very fair people, and people that are just on my side.

But for the most part, it's a very liberal or very progressive -- let's use the word liberal -- liberal press. But I was just really -- I was really happy to see the -- the -- I don't know how long it'll last -- the relationship, the friendship, the spirit after a very bad event took place. Now, the event turned out to be much less bad because nobody was killed.

Nobody was hurt. The Secret Service agent had -- I spoke to him. He had a -- a bulletproof vest on. Unbelievable.

Oh, he's a hundred percent. Yeah. No, he was a hundred -- he didn't want to go to the hospital. He really didn't. They asked him to go, and he -- he said -- he didn't want to go. He said, "I don't need to go to the hospital." But he went because they asked him to go.

I hope we're going to do it again. Norah, tell them to get it going. And we should do it within 30 days. And they'll have even more security. And they'll have bigger perimeter security. It'll be fine. But tell them to do it again. We can't let something be -- it's not that I want to go. It's not -- I have -- I'm very busy.

I don't need that. I think it's very important that they do it again.