Well, I'm looking at Coach Walz right now.  I'm looking at Coach Walz.

What does that mean like mayonnaise and tuna? What are you doing?

That's okay. Do you put any flavor in it?

Oh, ok.

I'm the first vice president, I believe, who has ever grown chili peppers, you know, like we'll figure --

You know, we've got some cantaloupes. You'll be fine.

So, I called you, Tim.

I called you, Tim.

You didn't answer, Tim.

What happened?

There you go.

Hey, Tim, it's Kamala. I really want to talk to you.

Well, we doing it together, buddy.

We're doing it together. How have these last couple of days been for you?

Indeed.

In every one of those groups of thousands, sometimes over 10,000 people, you're seeing exactly who we are as America.

People from rural areas, urban areas, of every stripe and size and background, this is who we are as America and we're all in it together.

And in this campaign, the only way we win is to keep the pedal to the metal for these next many, many days that we have. So, Tim --

What's your relationship to music?

Ok.

Yeah.

Oh, wow.

You're kidding me?

I grew up, you know, so all these albums here, I mean, Aretha, my mother had every Aretha album, and, like, our Christmas gift to my mother, her birthday gift was always like, What's the latest Aretha Franklin record?

Like, all of it.

All, that and Stevie and then Miles. and my dad loved jazz and so it was Miles, it was Coltrane. One of my personal favorite musicians for when I was younger was Prince.

And of course, from your -- from your state.

And um, he -- You know, in fact, I'll tell you, so, my husband, Doug, and I, I'm more of a hip hop girl.

He's more of Depeche Mode.

Oh, but I'm sure you and he like the music.

But Prince, you know, in the Venn diagram of things, Prince, he and I, uh, love the same 'cause, I mean, talk about how Prince was with that guitar, man. I almost know by heart every one of those songs.

It's on -- it's on my bucket list, I'll tell you that. Tell me about your dad and his influence on you. He served our country. You have served for our country for so many years.

Oh.

Yeah.

Yeah.

And it's survival, literally.

Yeah.

We gotta help people get through a hard time. We can't have a country and -- and policies that let people fall through the cracks.

I love what you have done with your life. You were coaching a high school football team that was winless.

And you came in and -- and so they were clearly the underdogs.

What happened?

Yeah.

Right?

That's right.

Yeah.

That's how I feel about our campaign.

Our campaign is the underdog campaign.

And with our joy, we also have to understand that we're still up against some forces --

-- that are trying to divide our country. It pains me, the kind of division and -- and the stoking of divisions that has taking place, right?

And when we can remind people and create a -- a space for everyone to come where they see each other --

And say, "Hey, you know, we're all in this together."

Yeah.

Mm -- hmm. That's right.

Yeah.

In the face of a stranger, when you're looking in the face of a stranger, you should see a neighbor, right?

Right?

Yeah.

Yeah.

Well, I'm looking at Coach Walz right now.  I'm looking at Coach Walz.

My parents met when they were activists in the civil rights movement and I grew up around a bunch of people that were, you know, marching and shouting for justice. And some of the heroes of that movement were the lawyers, Thurgood Marshall, right?

They understood how to translate the passion from the streets to the courtrooms of our country. And they believed in the Constitution of the United States and the principles upon which it was founded, and that's where they then in the courts of America reminded us of the the promise, right, and -- and -- and the ideals of our country, including equality, freedom, right? That's why I went to law school.

But the other reason is when I was in high school, my best friend, I learned, was being molested by her stepfather. And when I realized what was happening, I told her, You have to come live with us. I called my mom. You know, I -- I have to tell you, Tim, it was the first time that I realized how not everyone can take their safety for granted.

And what we should all feel is a sense of responsibility to protect people from harm.

So that's why I decided I wanted to be a prosecutor.

And, um, as a prosecutor, I, you know, I -- I prosecuted homicide cases, I prosecuted a number of different types of cases, but I specialized in child sexual assault cases. And one of the things I did was create a whole unit dedicated to focusing on -- on children who were being abused and to ensure that they have dignity in the process and justice. There's so much work that we still have to do to make sure that children have a voice.

Yeah.

Right.

Yeah.

Absolutely.

It is --

Yeah. Well, you know, I have to tell you, Tim, even though you and I grew up in different parts of the country, you remind me of the people I grew up with, hardworking folks, plain speaking.

People who know the difference between right and wrong.

And care, love thy neighbor in -- in the most authentic and true way.

Those are the folks I grew up with and I know that's who you are. And, um, and I'm so glad we're doing this together.