unbelievable. I want to say to you, when you run for president two times, you do a lot of rallies. In fact, we were here some years ago, right here, and we had a great rally. I think we had about 10,000 people out. In the hundreds of rallies that I have done, we have never ever had a rally as large as [Applause] [Music] this. Your presence, your presence here today is not just significant for Colorado. You are sending a profound message all over the world. The whole world is watching, and they want to know if the people of America are going to stand up to Trumpism, oligarchy. [Applause] Now I want to say this: the reason Alexandria is with me today is not just that she is doing a great job representing her district in the Congress. It's more than that. She has become an inspiration for millions of young people. [Applause] When she was a kid, she worked with her mom cleaning houses in order to help the family survive. Before she ran for Congress, she was a barista, has not forgotten where she came from. But more importantly, more importantly, when she decided to run, she was taking on one of the most powerful members in the Democratic [Music] Party, and everybody said, "You're crazy. How are you going to beat this guy? Maybe a future leader of the Democratic Party." She had no money, she had no political experience, but what she did is what all of us have got to do. She went out and worked with her friends, and she raised a few thousand, and she worked hard and in a disciplined way. What Alexandria did is what millions of Americans can do. We can organize at the grassroots level, we can become strong trade unionists, we can run for school board or president of the United States. We're not going to let the billionaire class have all of the power. [Applause] So the message today is yes, here in Colorado, in Vermont, in New York, all over this country: hey Mr. Trump, people fought and died to create a democratic society. You're not going to take away [Music] from-hey Mr. President, turn off Fox TV and take a few moments to read the Constitution of the United States. And when I was in elementary school, we learned about how the government was formed, the Constitutional Convention and all that stuff. I should have studied it harder, but Trump should have learned it in the first place. And what we've got is a separation of powers, and you know why? Because the people who founded this country took on the most powerful person in the world at that time, the King of England, and they said, "We never want to have one person in this country who has all of the power like the King of England." So they created a government with an executive branch, a legislative branch, and a judicial branch. And what Trump is doing every single day, in an unconstitutional way, is trying to undermine the powers of Congress, undermine the First Amendment. You got a president who is suing ABC and CBS and, matter of fact, the Des Moines Register. He is threatening, he is threatening to investigate PBS and [Music] NPR. He loves media that fawns on him, that tells him how great he is. Well, I got news to you, Mr. President: what democracy is about is people discussing issues, debating issues, and disagreeing with you. And if you can't stand the criticism, get the hell out of politics. What this moment is about, why we're here today, is we will not allow America to become an oligarchy. This nation was built by working people, and we're not going to let a handful of billionaires run the government. You know, a few years ago when I used the word "oligarchy," people didn't know what I was talking about. Well, they know what I'm talking about now. You got to be dumb, blind, and deaf not to see what's going on. Trump gets inaugurated, and I had the unusual position-I don't know how it happened-I got right on the front row. So there I was, watching the scene. Right behind Trump were the three wealthiest people in the country. At [Music] Zuckerberg, nominated to run major government agencies. So any working person in this country who thinks that these billionaires are simply trying to make government more efficient, you don't know what you're seeing. Now, you know in Colorado and Vermont, all over, we have a serious problem with people who are addicted, right? We got a serious drug problem, we got an alcohol problem, we have tobacco problems, we have people who are addicted to one thing or another. But I will tell you what I think the worst addiction in this country is, the most dangerous, and that is the greed of the billionaire class. Everybody wants to do well, we all want to make money, we all want to live comfortably, that's natural, that's right. But these guys already have billions, tens of billions, hundreds of billions. How much money do you need? And right now what these billionaires are doing is they're going after Social Security, they're going after [Music] Medicaid, they are trying to destroy the Veterans Administration. [Applause] Veterans put their lives on the line to defend this country, and you don't fire 83,000 workers at the VA. That will mean worse quality health care for our veterans. And you know what is almost unimaginable-and this is what greed is about-like, "I have it, you have it, I need it more and more and more." They want to cut nutrition programs for hungry kids. You tell me, in what world, in what universe, in what religion is taking food away from hungry children and giving tax breaks to the rich vaguely moral? But it's not just horrendous domestic policies that Trump and his billionaire friends are pushing on us. For the first time in the 250-year history of this country, we have a president of the United States who is allying himself with a horrible dictatorship in Russia. We have a president who lies all of the time, and one of his worst lies was that he says Ukraine started that [Applause] war. Well, Mr. President, Russia and Putin started that war, and we're not going to ally ourselves with dictatorships because we believe in democracy. But it is not just Russia. Trump wants to continue the horrific Biden policy of giving more money to Netanyahu to destroy the- We are going to bring, we are going to bring legislation to the floor very shortly which says not a nickel more for Netanyahu. Brothers and sisters, brothers and sisters, there is today, there is today profound disgust at both political parties. People see a Republican Party in which Musk, the wealthiest guy in the world, spent $270 million to elect Donald [Music] Trump, and his reward is to become the most powerful person in the [Applause] government. Now, I don't care if you're a conservative Republican or anybody else, nobody thinks that is what America is supposed to be about. But I would not be telling you the truth if I didn't tell you that within the Democratic Party there are billionaires who have undue influence, and there is a reason why for the last 30 or 40 years Democrats have turned their backs on the working class of this country. So when we talk about where we are and where we've got to go, maybe most importantly is we got to get rid of this damn Citizens United Supreme Court. Democracy is one person, one vote, not billionaires buying elections. I want all of you to know, corporate media doesn't talk about it, we don't see it in Congress much. The agenda that we as progressives fight for, for the working class of this country, is an enormously popular agenda. Republicans support it, Democrats, independents support it, everybody knows that the current health care system is broken, it's dysfunctional. Everybody knows that the function of the system today is to make huge profits for the drug companies and the insurance companies, and everybody knows there is something wrong when we are the only major country on Earth not to guarantee health care to all people. So Alexandria and I and others are going to work with you to finally do what should have been done decades ago: pass a Medicare for All, single- Bernie, not burning, I got bad news for you, it's [Music]-no. Right now we have in Washington an embarrassing minimum wage, federal minimum wage of $7.25 an hour, and that means that tens of millions of Americans are working for starvation wages. Together we're going to raise that minimum wage to a living wage, 17 bucks an hour. All over this country, workers want to join unions. We got any trade unionists here today? All right! And workers know that if you're in the union, you're going to get better wages, working conditions, and benefits. But corporations are trying to stop workers-illegally trying to stop workers-from joining unions. That's why we're going to pass the PRO Act, make it easier for workers to join. [Applause] You're in the absurdity of Americans paying, in some cases, 10 times more for prescription drugs than people in other [Applause] countries. And Donald Trump may think that climate change is a [Music] hoax. We know it is an existential threat to our planet, and that is why we're going to pick up where Alexandria left off. We're going to pass a green jobs program, we create millions of jobs transforming our energy system away from fossil fuel. And in a competitive global economy, we need the best educated workforce in the world. It is totally insane that young people who want a good education go $50,000, $100,000 in debt. We are in desperate need of doctors and nurses and dentists and mental health counselors. If you come from a working class family, you want to go to medical school, you're going to come out half a million in debt. That's insane. We got to make public colleges and universities tuition [Applause] free. None of this stuff is radical. The American people support this. They don't want tax breaks for billionaires, they want programs that help ordinary Americans. To the point that Alexandria made a few minutes ago is exactly the right point, and that is what the right wing wants us to do, is to turn on each other. They want to divide us up by the color of our skin, or where we were born, or what our religion is, or what our sexual orientation is. That's how they win-they divide us up. Now, I'm not a mathematician, but I do know that 99% is a hell of a bigger number than 1%, and I do know that if we stand together, we are the vast majority of people. We can defeat Trumpism, we can create a political movement so that we have a government and economy that works for all of us, not just the 1%. Brothers and sisters, this is a difficult moment in American history. It's not the first difficult moment we have had. We've gone through some rough periods in the past as well. But what I believe from the bottom of my heart: if we stand together, we don't let them divide us up, if we are smart, if we're willing to go outside of our comfort zones, there is nothing, nothing that can stop us. Let us go forward. [Applause] Oh! [Applause]