Thank you. Whoa. Thank you all. [Applause] Thank you very much. I am excited to be here in Mingo County. So, you are asking why does a United States senator from Vermont come to Mingo County? Right? And I'll tell you why. There's a lot of mythology that goes on in this country about red states. West Virginia is a red state and blue states. Vermont is a very blue state. But you know what? I don't believe that for one second. I think that whether you're in rural West Virginia or in Burlington, Vermont, you got the same exact issues. And I think we don't let people divide us up. We got to come together to fight for all of us. [Music] So, let me tell you a little bit about myself. Uh, I was born a few years ago in Brooklyn, New York. My dad came from Poland without a nickel in his pocket and he worked hard his whole life. Never made any money. We weren't poor. We just never had any money. Uh, we lived in New York City in what was called a rent-controlled apartment which made life bearable for our family. We didn't have to pay a lot in rent. My mother's dream was that one day she would own her own home. Uh, she died young and that dream was never fulfilled. And what I learned growing up in a working-class family, I learned and again we were not terribly poor. We always ate and everything. But I learned about the stress that exists in a home where every day people are worried about money. And my mom and my dad would argue about this and that. And often it had to do with money and that was a lesson that I grew up with and something that I have never forgotten. So that's kind of who I am. I moved to Vermont when I was early 20s. Been there ever since. Uh, and I love my state which in many ways is a state like yours. It's a very, very rural state. Most of the people live in towns smaller than a thousand people. We have strong sense of community. And I go around the state and I do meetings exactly like this, often smaller, just to hear what's on people's minds and we talk about how we go forward. All right, here's what my politics is about. We live ostensibly in the wealthiest nation in the history of the world. But nobody knows that because we have more income and wealth inequality than we have ever had in the history of our country. All right. [Applause] So, what I'm going to talk about and then I want to open it up. I'm going to ask you questions and you ask me questions. But what I want to just talk about is something that you don't see much in the media and you don't hear much in Congress. And that is you are living in a country today where one person, Mr. Musk, owns more wealth than the bottom 52% of American households. You got that? One person, more wealth, some 400 billion, than the bottom 52% of American households. In America today, the top 1% owns more wealth than the bottom 93%. CEOs of large companies make 350 times what their workers make. That is America today. People on top, 1%, have never in the history of the United States of America, our great country, never had it so good. They're making more money than they can count. But what is going on in rural West Virginia, rural Vermont, all over America? 60% of our people are living paycheck to paycheck. You all know what living paycheck to paycheck is about. You got 800,000 people who are homeless in America. You got 85 million Americans who have no health insurance or who are underinsured. And as a result of Trump's bill, that situation is going to become even worse. So in America, in a sense, you got two countries. People on top doing phenomenally well, working-class people struggling. Here's another fact you don't hear much about. In the last 50 years, all of you know, we've seen an explosion in technology. Every worker in this room is producing significantly more than a similar type worker did 50 years ago. Have wages kept up with worker productivity increases? You got the right answer. It's a sad answer, but you're right. And here's an amazing fact. That over the last 50 years, real inflation accounted for weekly wages are lower today than they were 50 years ago. All right. During that period, there was a massive transfer of wealth. According to the Rand Corporation, not a particularly progressive group, $75 trillion in wealth was transferred from the bottom 90% to the top 1%. So what you have seen over the last many, many decades, way before Trump, people working longer and longer hours, struggling to put food on the table, in many cases seeing a decline in their standard of living, today worried that their kids in many ways are going to be worse off than they are. And almost all new income and wealth goes to the people on top. And then on top of all of that, it's not only income and wealth inequality. Anybody here think that the American health care system is working well? How many major countries on earth do not guarantee health care to all of their people as a human right? Anybody know? You're living in it. I live in northern Vermont, 50 miles away from the Canadian border. You get sick in Canada, you need a heart transplant, whatever it is, you end up in the hospital. You know what the bill is when you come out? Zero. And they end up spending much less per person than we do on health care. And I, I, I, I want to speak about this issue. I was chairman of the committee. It's an issue that I've dealt with for years. The system we have today is not only dysfunctional and broken, it is unbelievably cruel. You got about a half a million Americans every year who go bankrupt because of medically related illnesses. They can't pay their bills. They go bankrupt. Does it make sense to anybody that because you come out diagnosed with cancer or some other terrible disease that you should go bankrupt? That is crazy. We have 60,000 people a year who die unnecessarily because they don't go to a doctor when they should. Right? I've talked to doctors all over this country and they say, you know, people coming into my office and they're really sick and the doctor said, "Why didn't you come in here when you first got your symptoms?" Well, I don't have any insurance. I couldn't pay the deductible. And people die unnecessarily as a result of that. In America today, we pay by far, not even close, the highest prices in the world for prescription drugs. Now, the good news for all of you who are major investors in the pharmaceutical industry is you made a hundred billion dollars in profit last year. The bad news is if you get sick and you go to the drugstore, you're paying by far the highest prices in the world, in some cases 10 times more than people in other countries. So what we're looking at in America today in my view is a nation, people on top got it all. They're doing really well. Working-class people struggling. Health care system broken. A lot of kids cannot afford to go to college. That's why by the time they leave school they're going to be $50,000 in debt. You got a housing crisis that exists in many, many parts of this country. Hundreds of thousands of people homeless. Other people paying 40, 50% of their limited incomes for housing. So the challenge that we face, and I want your questions on this and it's not easy stuff, is essentially how do we create an economy in the richest country on earth that works for working people and not just billionaires. And one of the impediments that we have as we go forward, it's not just the economy which is broken. We have a political system which is broken. All right. So, what is that about? This is what it's about. And that's the world that I live in. You know, I'm a United States senator. I'm in Washington all the time. What it is about is you today have a campaign finance system as a result of a Supreme Court decision called Citizens United, which means that billionaires can spend as much money as they want on an election, legal. That's right. Which undermines democracy. So what happened is, and it's true in both political parties. All right. Musk spent $270 million to help elect Trump. He then became the most powerful person in government for a number of months. In the Democratic side, you got billionaires spending a whole lot of money on Kla Harris's campaign and in other areas to a very significant degree. You have a government now which pays attention to the needs of the wealthy and the powerful and does not have time or interest in worrying about the vast majority of the people. Sad state of affairs but that is where we are today. All right, I've spoken long enough. What I want to do now, let me ask you a question and you ask me a question. Sound good? All right. Should, in your view, health care be a human right? Who wants to raise your hand? Tell me yes or no. All right, I'm seeing almost everybody here saying yes. All right, I am what? Okay, good. In fact, Mike's uh, all right, talk about health care here in Mingo County. What's the story? Great. No, no problem. It's affordable. You go to the doctor the next day, you get an appointment. If you have to go to the hospital, not a problem. What's the story? Who wants to-All right, I see a hand, young man right here. Stand up, please. Your name is-My name is Joshua Copley and I just graduated from a local high school, Tug Valley High School in Mingo County. We don't even have a hospital. Our hospital was shut down years ago. The only hospital we have is Tug Valley ARH, which is in Kentucky. We don't have nowhere to go. You have people all the way in the head of Marbone or Dingus, which is in rural, rural Mingo County, that'll take 55 minutes for a paramedic to get to them. And that should not be a problem. We shouldn't have someone on the floor on the verge of dying and the hospital not even being able to reach them. George, thank you very much. Okay, who else, who else wants to comment on health care in Mingo? I see a hand, right-woman right here. Please stand up. Hi, my name is Sheila Rose and I ended up back in Mingo County where I grew up after a chronic illness paralyzed me about four years ago. I've come a long way since then, but anytime I need to see a specialist, it's a two-hour trip. Anytime I need a referral to a new specialist, it's a six-month wait. There is no way to stay healthy in Mingo County. Okay. [Applause] Other thoughts on health care? Yes, sir. Hello, Senator Sanders. Um, my name is London Dono and my question is about health care. It's all across West Virginia. It's an issue. I'm from Cabell County and it's two counties over and we are a large city for West Virginia and still it is a struggle to find health care that you are insured with and to find a place that you can actually go. I had a situation this week and I tried to go to the dentist and my dentist doesn't take my insurance. So, we had to find a whole new dentist which I was unfamiliar with and then when I attempted to go there, we still had a struggle. Even them finding our insurance because there-even though they said the insurance would work, it did not work there as well. So, no matter where you are in the state, it seems like it's a struggle. And I'm sure that's across the country, but it's just, you know, as a young person, I want to live in a country and a world where you can have health care for free or wherever. Thank you. All right. Let me ask another question. I want you to think about this. Why don't we do what Canada or European countries do? And every country has a different system. Some of them work better than others. But the basic premise of all of them is health care is a human right and that people regardless of their income should be able to get care. Why don't we have that in America, do you think? All right. Money. All right. All right. All right. Uh, I've asked you a question. Who's got a question for me? All right. I see a hand. Green t-shirt in the back there. Carbon destroying them. I-I can't hear you. Okay. They're doing flaring for methane and they're selling on the market out in California for carbon credits. That's why our waters went bad down here in Wyoming County, McDowell County. They're going to put five flaring pads here in this county. And the D lawyers own the company that's doing it. The-the what lawyers? The D lawyers, the state owns it and now they're going to come in here after the rare earth minerals and they are destroying our counties. They're destroying our water. I have been investigating this for two years and I've been giving out water in W County for two years. The methane is supposed to belong to us, but they're stealing it. They're pulling it onto their land and they're flooding these mines and they're taking it and they're selling-they're burning it in flaring pads and they're selling it out in the market for in California for carbon credits and we need Gavin Newsom to do something about it because he's the only person in the United States can stop them from killing us. Okay, I got to tell you that I'm not familiar with that particular issue, but I will, when I talk to Newsom, raise it to you. All right. All right. Other questions-where-I see a woman right here. Yes, ma'am. What? Here's the mic coming. Well, West Virginia currently has four members of Congress. We're down from five recently. Not one of them is willing to come here and do what you're doing. So, I want to say thank you. I know that they're not willing to come here and meet with us because I have called every single office, their state offices, the DC offices, and they're not willing to come here. That's not on their agenda. It's not on their plan. And so my question is, as a member of Congress, what can we do? Aside from calling and writing letters and begging to be scheduled for meetings, I've never felt more powerless in my entire life. And that's saying something because I'm a native of southern West Virginia and we're historically just a forgotten people. [Applause] The answer is not an easy answer, but the answer-and by the way, one of the reasons I'm here in Mingo County is I have-I remember a little bit of my American history and the struggles that your miners fought here. So, they were fighting oligarchy way back when. Uh, and then some of them lost their lives in that struggle. Uh, look, to answer your question in my view is you need a political revolution in this country. And what does that mean? It means that we need to start electing people who are accountable and from the working class rather than people who are busy running, raising money from billionaires. You know, so you know, you can do things like-this is a great meeting. It's a great turnout. So, you're going to have another one of these meetings, invite your congressperson and say, "By the way, if you don't show up, we're going to be nominating somebody to run against you." [Applause] And I know that when you are taking a position on politics that represents working people, it's hard to raise money and all that stuff. I know that. But on the other hand, if you have a strong grassroots movement, this is a lot of people for Mingo County coming together, right? I will bet you there are great people in this room who can run for Congress or run for other positions. And I know it seems like intimidating. Oh, I'm running for Congress. What do I know about this? What do I know about that? But if you have the desire, you can learn. You don't have to have a PhD in economics to become a US congressman. You got to have a heart and a soul that speaks to the needs of the people back home. So, it ain't easy. But when you develop a grassroots movement and you got good local leadership, these guys can be beaten. All right, I'm going to ask you a question. Then you come back to me. Um, in America, we have, some of you may know, a life expectancy on average, how long we live, which is lower than many other countries. Okay? It's about four years lower than other wealthy countries. What you don't know is that if you're working-class in America, you will live seven years shorter life than if you are wealthy. Why is that? Why do working-class people die at an earlier age than people who have money? What's the word? All right, you got it. Talk to me about what stress means for an average person in America or in Mingo County. What does that mean? What does life mean when you're dealing with stress every day? Who wants to answer that? All right. I see a woman with a kid back way in the back. All right. Oh, you're gonna get a mic. For a lot of people in, um, Appalachia with children who work full-time, it's crying at the grocery store. Um, having to worry about being able to make enough money and to afford things, pay our bills. A lot of times it's choosing between paying a bill or having food in the cabinet or the refrigerator. So, that's really stressful and stuff like that-stress. Um, it affects your health and then you don't have health care and then you have nobody to fall back on because your parents are probably still working if you're from here, even your grandparents. Um, so there's not a lot. And then child care is ridiculously expensive even with help and assistance. Um, so it's-it's very stressful. Okay. Thank you very much. [Applause] All right. Who else wants to-That was-that was fantastic. Thank you. Who else wants to-look, I see a gentleman right here. Yep. Senator, my name is Ned Pillars. I'm actually a candidate for Congress across the border in East Kentucky. Regrettably, when the big ugly bill passed, Kentucky Congressman Brett Guthrie and Hal Rogers said the following. They said Medicaid will be strengthened and preserved by that bill. Is that true, Congress-Senator Sanders? No, that is-that particular-Thanks for asking. And in my view, and I've been in Congress for a while. This bill is the worst and most dangerous piece of legislation passed in the modern history of America. What it does is it makes massive cuts to Medicaid. So if you think you got a health care crisis now, it will make it worse. There are estimates out there, credible estimates from organizations that study this thing, that some 15 million Americans are going to lose their health insurance. And that's just not Medicaid. That's doing away with the credits for the Affordable Care Act as well. Okay. It's going to cut back on nutrition programs for working-class and low-income families. Literally taking food out of the mouths of hungry kids. Cut back on education and other programs. And you know why they are cutting all of these programs? In order to give $1 trillion in tax breaks to the top 1%. It is absolutely disgraceful. It is-there's no shame is the right word. I mean, at a time, as you just heard from that woman, when working-class people are struggling, you don't take away their lifelines, health care, nutrition, in order to give tax breaks to billionaires who have never had it so good. So, and that's just part of what was in the bill. That is the worst bill. And in my opinion, any member of Congress who voted for that legislation should be defeated. And by the way, [Applause] I mean, as bad as that bill is for working-class states like West Virginia, it is going to be a real disaster. We worry not only about people losing their health insurance. It's a question of whether rural hospitals, community health centers will be able to stay open. So, it is a disastrous piece of legislation. All right. Who's got a question for me somewhere? Let's go all over the place. I see a gentleman back there. Is that a-Yeah. Howdy, Senator Sanders. Um, I'd just like to ask, I know we've got our representatives, Capito and Justice, that we all know they don't talk to us. It takes a gentleman from Vermont to actually be heard around here. And they have constantly sent out political ads saying that they're doing Trump's agenda without speaking to any of us. And I'd like to ask you, Senator, do they even speak to you, one of their fellow congressmen, or do they just keep together, go to Mar-a-Lago, listen to what the boss says, and then just go do it? I know both of them. Um, I've known Senator Capito for a number of years. We're on the same committee together. She's chair of a committee that I'm on. So yes, we have a-you know, we-we chat every now and then. Uh, but we are not bosom buddies and we do not have serious discussions. We live in somewhat different worlds. Uh, other questions? Uh, all right. This gentleman right here for the mine workers, sir. [Applause] There you go. Thank you guys. Thank you. Well, talk about stress. Now, I'm a mine worker, generational mine worker. We built these towns. We did. All of us. And I'm here not so much-well, for the mine workers, but for my dad, my generational family that's endured hardships. And I know something a little bit about organizing. Yeah. Yeah. Makes me kind of proud to look around the neighbors here and several counties come here to visit to see you. I've followed you, Senator Sanders, from Tom Hartman show way back when. And I followed you when you was also back in the primaries and I supported you way back when. This is West By God, Virginia. And I have to say that I love what you're doing. I love how you present your presentations, you know, from town to town. We've got 55 counties. I would love for you to visit all of them, which I know that's impossible, but I want you to know that I get a good feeling about the crowd here, that you're certainly in good hands here. I don't think you have to worry about somebody banging your head. Well, just in case, we have a few police officers around that, but we do. And I know something about stress and health care. My buddy here can testify to that. We've had to literally go up and fight and present ourselves in a civil manner. Way back when in the 1920s, it wasn't quite so civil. But we got to respect those people, our ancestors from back then because whether you're union or non-union or anticipating on joining a union, if you get a paid holiday or paid vacations, thank a union person. Let me just-let me just jump in and say this. I know a little bit about the history of Mingo County and the people who stood up and fought against the greed of the coal owners and the horrible working conditions that people had to work under. That impacted not just West Virginia, the whole country saw that. And out of what the United Mine Workers did came the CIO of workers all over this country standing together and that resulted in higher wages, better benefits, better working conditions. So what the coal miners did here was not just a local issue, it was a national issue and we thank them very much. Uh, okay, I see a hand over there, gentleman. But let me before that, let me get to the young lady. I want some younger people here. All right. Young lady with USA on her shirt here. Right here. Okay, Faz is coming. Good afternoon, Senator Congress. I'm gonna keep my question-Senator Congress. Not been called that before. All right, Senator Sanders. Anyways, I'm going to keep my question short, but as you know, West Virginia is one of the top ranking and lowest of education. And as we know, the big beautiful bill has unfortunately passed cuts in the Department of Education. And myself, I'm a student at Marshall and I want to know your opinion on how you think this is going to affect poverty rates and education in West Virginia as a whole. What's your name? Haley Harvey. Haley, come on up here. All right. Okay. Now, all right. I'm going to ask Haley a question. I'm gonna ask it to you now. Sometimes I am attacked by my opponents for being quote unquote far-left, fringe, out of touch with where America is. Actually, much of what I talk about is exactly where America is. All right. So, Haley, I'm going to ask you. All right. Here we go. We are living, as you know, in a competitive global economy, correct? Right, we're competing against countries all over the world and in order to compete effectively we need in Vermont and West Virginia a well-educated population, right? You are the f-congratulations, you're the future of America. All right, we want you to do well. Is it a radical idea, do you all think-and Haley, you respond on first-that we make in the United States of America public colleges, universities, and trade schools tuition-free? Yes. Yes. Yes. A good idea. I believe that education is the key to getting out of poverty. I feel like education is what makes us strong and I feel like education should be just as accessible as health care. I mean, whether you're from West Virginia, where education is low, I feel like that's where it's needed most, we need access to scholarships and resources that allow people to go to college and make better for themselves. And maybe one day, if we get the education up higher in West Virginia, that we could actually make a change. Now, my second question is, are you a communist? No. All right. That's why I clear that up. See, I've been called a communist because I say what Haley said. Look, again, this is-you don't hear this on the TV and you don't hear this in Congress. But once again, you are living in the wealthiest country in the history of the world. And if we had good policy and the courage to take on the billionaire class, there is no reason that every kid in this country could not get an excellent higher education regardless of his or her income. That is not a radical idea. And I want to just-I want you to think about, you know, we've talked a little bit about education. We've talked a little bit about health care. Think in your own minds what it would mean to the people in this state, in my state, all over this country if you did not have to worry about whether you could afford to go to a doctor or not. What are you-and if you had enough doctors and hospitals in your community, think about how that would alleviate stress. Think about what it means, parents, if you knew your kids were getting the best education in the world and not having to worry about whether you could afford it or not. And I want to tell you something. Not only is this not some kind of utopian idealistic vision, it makes sense. Haley hit the point on the head. You want to have a prosperous country, you need a well-educated country. I want her to get the best education. We want to invest in our kids. And it's not just college kids. I want the best and the brightest to become teachers in America. And they deserve to be paid decently. [Applause] And every psychologist, child psychologist will tell you that zero through four are the most significant years of a human being's life in terms of intellectual and emotional development. I want the best child care system in the world. [Applause] These are not radical ideas. Many of them already exist in other countries around the world. We are way behind despite being richer. The problem is that these people on top are incredibly greedy. I'll tell you a story. I used to be the chairman of the veterans committee. I work really hard on that. And I believe, as I think somebody here said, that people who put their lives on the line deserve the quality health care and other benefits that they earn. [Applause] I go around the state of Vermont and I talk to veterans and I bet it's not any different here and they tell me-I say, you know, do you know there's a benefit out there? And how often I hear people say, "Well, Bernie, yeah, I know, but somebody else needs it more than me." I hear that often. In other words, they're looking out for other people. Which is, I think, is a common factor here in West Virginia and rural Vermont as well. Okay? Not these guys on top. Hey, I'm only worth $30 billion. How can I get by? I need a tax break. Oh, it's going to cut Medicaid. What's the problem? Cut nutrition. So what? I need a tax break so I can make another few billion dollars. All right, that is what we are up against. We're up against an extraordinary greed and people who could care less about their fellow Americans. That's the struggle that we face. All right, questions. Yeah, thank you so much, Senator. I'm from Parkersburg, West Virginia. I'm a federal employee. I'm a chief steward for the National Treasury Employees Union. You were-I was-we have lost our collective bargaining rights because of a bogus executive order from March that violates statutory law. The courts are failing us. The courts will probably continue to fail us with the Roberts court. So, we need Congress to act to restore our collective bargaining rights and our union contracts. And federal employees have been through hell for seven months. We need Congress to care about that. Our representatives don't. And so we need folks like you to care about that. And while I'm here as a union steward, I want to thank all of you from the UMWA who-I'll just say the labor history down here shows how you deal with the billionaire class. Thank you. All right. What the gentleman is talking about-uh, and he's raised a whole broad question. Musk contributes 270 million to Trump's campaign. Trump wins. Musk becomes the most important person in government. Goes all over the place cutting back. They threaten to cut back 80,000 employees at the Veterans Administration. Well, pressure. We put pressure on them. Now I think they're down to 30,000 which is also a disaster. All right. They went after federal employees. Workers in America, the last that I heard, have the constitutional right to form a union, including federal employees. But this president who tells people in West Virginia, always for working people, they just did a couple of things. Not only did they lay off tens of thousands of federal employees, they destroyed arbitrarily and illegally the right of federal employees to have union representation. And the other thing they did, again, I'm speaking to people who voted for Trump, working-class people, union members. They have now neutered the National Labor Relations Board. And you know what that means? It means that if workers today are forming a union and millions of workers want to do that, they really-if the employer objects to the vote, it'll be tied up forever because there's nobody at the NLRB who can make a decision. They did that on behalf of Jeff Bezos and Elon Musk. So, thank you for your point and yes, we're going to fight for federal employees and thank you for what you're doing. Young lady right there. Yep. Good afternoon, Senator Sanders. My name is Danielle Kirk. I'm from Mingo County, but I currently live in Kentucky, which obviously is a very majority white demographic of people. And we've recently seen attacks on diversity, equity, and inclusion. How do we as people in this room communicate effectively with our neighbors that diversity, equity, and inclusion means us Appalachians, too? Equity. [Applause] And as they've all mentioned here, our senators obviously don't really care, but these are conversations that's important for us to have. And I think that a lot of times we forget that equity and scholarships and grants and things like that that help us get to where the rest of the country is is being lost in all of this Trump agenda that we're seeing right now. Okay. All right. You raised an issue. Okay. Your name, I'm sorry. Yes. Danielle. Okay. Danielle raises a very, very important issue. All the questions are great questions. You're not going to hear my Republican colleagues come into West Virginia or any place else and say, "Vote for me because I gave a trillion dollars in tax breaks to the rich 1%. I really would appreciate your support." That's not what they're going to talk about. What demagogues do, and Donald Trump is a demagogue, how do they gain power? Do they talk about throwing federal employees or breaking unions? That's not what they talk about. What they do is they try to divide us up. You see, so we don't talk about the health care crisis that exists not just in Mingo County, but in every state in the country. We don't talk about that. We make it worse. We don't talk about the housing crisis that exists in West Virginia, Vermont, all over America. We don't talk about income and wealth inequality. We don't talk about education. What do we talk about? Our job is to hate people who are different than us. You got it. Let's spend all of our time hating people who are different than us. Nothing new. Sometimes in Europe during the Hitler era, it was Jews, it's gays, it's gypsies. In this country, historically, it was blacks, Latinos, you name it. And now we're supposed to hate. Let's all get together and hate undocumented people who, by the way, are doing some of the most difficult underpaid work in America. All right? But let's hate them. Let's all come together and hate them so that we don't have to focus on the bloody billionaires whose greed is destroying America. So that's what that whole business is about. It's an effort to split us up, to tell white working-class people that blacks get more than they do. Really? Well, what about making higher education available to all-black and white and Latino, all Americans? So, that is what that's about. And it's exactly what demagogues do, not only in the United States. Trump didn't invent this. This is what they do all over the world and have historically done. And that's why the rich get richer. They have us fighting with each other. Black people are struggling. Latino people are struggling. We bring our people together, not allow them to divide us up. All right. I see a gentleman back there. Yeah. I want to thank you for letting me speak. I appreciate it. I'm a commander of the Disabled American Veterans here in West Virginia-one chapter. And I want to ask this question for all the veterans in our state. What is the bill that just got passed? What's it going to do to our medical in this state? How is it going to affect the VA medical system? The bill will, we estimate, I've heard, take 50,000 West Virginians off of Medicaid. In terms of the VA stuff, was not dealt with in the big beautiful bill-that's something separate. What that is about-let me thank you for asking-what's your first name? Wayne. Okay, Wayne asked a very good question. What Musk and his friends originally wanted to do was to lay off 80,000 workers at the Veterans Administration. Can you guess, Wayne, what that will mean to health care for veterans in this country? It'll be a disaster. Okay, we pushed back. I was on the phone with the heads of every-the Legion, the DAV, uh, the VFW. I, you know, talked to them all. I think they pushed back. So, instead of 80,000, they're now talking about laying off 30,000, which will be a bad situation in my view. Now, why are they-why does Musk and others talk about privatization and going after the VA? Who has an idea as to why? Wayne, what do you think? Money. What do they want eventually? Do you think they like the VA? You got it. Wayne hit the nail on the head. These guys want to make money off the air you breathe, the water you drink, everything. Right now, we have a VA system. Is it perfect? No. Do we need more doctors and nurses? Yes. Do we need to expedite getting benefits out? But we made some progress. PACT Act helped a lot of people. Those are workers who were exposed to toxic waste pits in the Middle East and elsewhere, got sick. We finally got them the benefits that they deserve, right? Health care and other benefits. What the Musks of the world want to do is privatize Social Security, privatize the VA, the Postal Service, you name it, because there's money that can be made. So, keep an eye on that one. Our job is to strengthen the VA, not to privatize it. All right, maybe one or two more questions here. Young man right here. Here you go. Hello, Senator Sanders. First of all, I want to thank you for showing West Virginia some love. Um, and I-my belief and I think the belief of everybody here is that West Virginia is not going to succeed until the American working class succeeds as a whole. So, having said that, my-my question is this. How do we get the corporate wing of the Democratic Party, who is just as guilty of taking money from billionaire causes, to [Music] to embrace a progressive working-class agenda because it's about time. What's your name? Max. You're going to lead it. Max, look. Max. Max is absolutely right. I am here in Mingo County. I'm proud to tell you I'm the longest serving independent in the history of the United States Congress. All right. All right. I caucus with the Democrats because they're better than the Republicans. But you're absolutely right. Anyone here thinks that the Democratic Party has not been significantly captured-and there are a lot of good people, I don't want to say this is true of everybody because it's not-but if the leadership has not been captured by that same bloody billionaire class, you'd be wrong. They have. And what we have got to do, you can do one of two things. Number one, you can simply move to take over the Democratic Party. All right? It ain't as hard as it looks like. If they're not, that means coming to meetings. Take it over. Run your own candidates. Okay? You know, somehow you think-I got to impress upon people. You know, I was elected mayor of Burlington, Vermont, largest city in Vermont in the early 80s. I didn't know a bloody thing about how to run a municipality, but I wanted to learn. And I'm not dumb. You can get-run for office. Learn. You can do it. You can do it. So that is the main thing. This state was once the stronger-one of the strongest Democratic states in the country. And I think people gave up on the Democratic Party because the Democratic Party gave up on them. [Applause] So take it back. Don't ask. Take it. I mean, this is an unprecedented moment in American history. We've got to be bold. You want that Democratic Party to change? You guys change it. And by the way, if you could do it here in West Virginia, you will have a profound impact on politics all over America. People will look to this state. All right, I'm going to get going. I got to get going. But I-this has been a great meeting and I really-I do feel very comfortable here in West Virginia and it's very much like Vermont. We want you to come up and visit us. So, let me end the way I began. There are people who want to divide us up. Maybe racially. There are people who want to divide us up. Blue state, red state. Let's not accept that for a moment. Every one of us is an American. We are proud of this country. We want to do everything we can to address its serious crisis. Thank you all very much. [Applause]