say we want a revolution. Thank you. Asheville. Now, how in God's name am I supposed to follow that? Reverend Barber, thank you so much. Not only for being here this evening, but for fighting for years in bringing our people together in the struggle for economic, racial, and environmental justice. Thank you so much. Let me thank the Silver Esso Band. Let me thank Patrick Baron. Let me thank Hannah Drummond. All right, let me cut to the chase. As the Reverend just told you, we got a few problems in this country. But as he also told you, if we stand together and do not allow Trump and his minions to divide us up based on the color of our skin or where we were born or our sexual orientation or our religion. If we stand together, we can defeat oligarchy. We can defeat authoritarianism. And we can create a nation and a government that works for all. And we've got a lot of work to do because today in America, we are living in a nation in which in many respects we have become an oligarchic society where our country is being run by a handful of multi-billionaires. And these people are very religious, but they're not quite the same religion as Reverend Barber. They worship wealth and they worship power and they could care less about how they get what they want. They are prepared to step on anybody and everybody who gets in their way. And our job is to tell these oligarchs enough is enough. This country belongs to all of us, not just a handful of billionaires. Today in America, we got more income and wealth inequality than we've ever had. If you can believe it, you got one guy, Mr. Musk, owns more wealth than the bottom 52% of American households. Can you believe it? I mean, it's really hard to imagine that we have evolved into the kind of society one man owns more wealth than the bottom half of America. You got the top 1% owning more wealth than the bottom 93%. You got the CEOs of large corporations making 350 times what their workers make. And it's not just income and wealth inequality that we have today in terms of oligarchy. You got more concentration of ownership in sector after sector. You got a handful of large corporations determining what is being produced, what you pay, how they treat their workers. You have in addition to that you have more concentration of ownership in media. Why do you think the American people don't discuss the important issues facing the working class of this country? It has everything to do with the fact that you have six major media conglomerates that own and control what 90% of the American people see, hear, and read. And these guys are smart. What they want to do is to make sure that you do not discuss the important issues facing America. You got Elon Musk owning Twitter. You have Larry Ellison, the second wealthiest guy in this country. He just purchased Paramount, which owns CBS. You got Jeff Bezos, the fourth wealthiest guy owning the Washington Post and Twitch. You got Mark Zuckerberg, who owns Instagram, Facebook, and WhatsApp. You got Rupert Murdoch. You all know who Rupert Murdoch is. He's a right-wing billionaire. He owns Fox, the Wall Street Journal, the New York Post, Harper Collins, and right-wing media throughout the world. Billionaires own and control virtually every major newspaper and radio network in the country. That is the country that we are living in and that is the country that we are going to change. Now the oligarchs, they're not just content with owning America. They also want to destroy our democracy and move us toward an authoritarian form of society. Now, democracy is not a complicated process. What it means is one person, one vote. But ever since the disastrous Citizens United Supreme Court decision, we have seen billionaires pour hundreds and hundreds of millions of dollars into both political parties. Now, if some of you want to become the most important person in government, I'll tell you right away how you can do it. All you have to do is spend $270 million like Mr. Musk to get your candidate elected president. And then the next day, no problem. You become the most important person in government. You could use your right-wing ideology to lay off tens of thousands of federal workers. And it's not just the Republicans. It is the Democratic party as well. So, at the top of our list, if we're going to retain and expand democracy in America, we got to overturn this disastrous Citizens United Supreme Court decision and move to public funding of elections. If you want to run for office or if you want to run for office or if you want to run for office, I want you to be able to do so. But you should not have to beg billionaires for campaign contributions and be beholden to them. So you're living in a country where the people on top have never had it so good. But what else is going on in America? Well, we got two worlds. One billionaires doing great. The other one middle class, working class, low income. So good. Today in the richest country, again this is almost unimaginable. In the richest country in the history of the world, 60% of our people are living paycheck to paycheck. Anybody here living paycheck to paycheck? Yeah. I grew up in a family living paycheck to paycheck. Anybody here dealing with stress every day trying to feed your families, pay your medical bills, pay for your housing? Well, tens of millions of people are in exactly that same position. Today in America, again, the richest country in the history of the world, we have the highest rate of childhood poverty of almost any major country on Earth. Millions of Americans can't find affordable housing. Our educational system, from child care to college, is much too expensive and much too inadequate. Our health care system is completely broken. We got 85 million Americans who are uninsured or underinsured in America today. Half of older workers, people who have worked their whole lives, have nothing in the bank as they face retirement. 22% of seniors are somehow, I don't know how, trying to survive on $15,000 a year or less. We have again as the richest nation on earth the lowest life expectancy of any major country on earth. You all know that we live on average about four years shorter lives than people in other wealthy countries. But here is what you don't know. And that is that if you are working class in America, you're going to live 7 years shorter life than wealthy people. Why is that? Why? Stress. Stress. Now stress is the word. I held a hearing a couple of years ago and we talked about poverty as a death sentence. You all know what I'm talking about. What it means is if you are working class in America today and you wake up in the morning and you say, "How am I going to feed my kids? Is the landlord going to raise the rent? And if he does, how am I going to pay it? Where am I going to go? Because there's no affordable housing in the community. What happens if my mom gets sick and needs prescription drugs that she can't afford or my kid gets sick? What happens if my car breaks down and I can't afford the $1,000 bill the mechanic tells me it's going to cost? And if I can't get my car fixed, I can't get to work. And if I can't get to work, I'm going to lose my job. And if I'm going to lose my job, what happens to my family?" There are millions of Americans who are living that nightmare right now. And in the richest country on earth, that is totally wrong and unnecessary. But it's not only what's going on now. You know, when you see people in America angry and disgruntled, there is a reason why. And one of the reasons is that over the last 50 years, as you all know, there has been an explosion in technology, right? Every worker in America is far more productive, producing a lot more than that worker did 50 years ago. Now, one might think that with all of that increase in worker productivity, workers would be making more money, right? Wrong. Because over the last 50 years, real inflation accounted weekly wages for the American worker have gone down. There was a study that the Rand Corporation did and it said that during that same period of time, there was a $75 trillion redistribution of wealth going from the bottom 90%-you all-to the top 1%. So here we are right now in terms of basic necessities of life, the housing system broken. Educational system, in terms of child care, in terms of kids being able to afford to go to college, in terms of the pressure on public schools all over America, in deep trouble. Wages in deep trouble. Workers are going nowhere in a hurry. Housing a disaster. People spending half of their incomes on housing. 20 million households, 800,000 people in America who are homeless in the richest country on earth. And Donald Trump comes into office and "I am the champion of the working class. I just love workers." Well, this guy is not only a pathological liar, he is a fraud of the worst kind. When Trump campaigned for president, I don't recall him telling his supporters that he was going to give a trillion dollars in tax breaks to the top 1%. $900 billion in tax breaks to large corporations. I don't recall Trump telling his supporters that he was going to throw 15 million people, including many hundreds of thousands here in North Carolina, off of the health care that they have. And let us be clear, and this is not just me talking. And there have been studies about this. When you throw 15 million low-income and working class people off of the health care they have, when you cut back on the Affordable Care Act and force premiums to go up all over this country, do you know what happens? People die. That is the simple truth. And there have been studies out there and it almost-I feel uncomfortable telling you this because it's so horrible but it's true. There have been studies out there-Yale, University of Pennsylvania-suggesting that when 15 million people lose their health insurance, when costs go up, 50,000 Americans a year will die unnecessarily. Thank you, Donald Trump. Trump did not campaign on taking free school meals for up to 16 million kids away from them. He did not campaign on doubling or tripling monthly student loan payments for millions of Americans who are already drowning in debt. But it's not just his big beautiful bill. Trump did not tell his supporters that he was going to shut down Social Security field offices all over America, making it harder for the elderly and the disabled to get the benefits that they have paid for. He did not tell the veterans of this country who put their lives on the line to defend us that he was going to throw 83,000 employees in the VA out of their jobs, which means worse health care for our veterans. He didn't tell the American people that he was going to impose a $50 billion a year voucher program on America, which will go a long way to destroy public education in America. He didn't tell the American people that they were going to have to pay substantially higher prices because of his absurd tariff policies. In other words, what Trump has done is made a very bad situation worse. And I want to say though, it's not just domestic policy that we have got to be concerned about. I am proud to tell you that I have led the effort in the United States Senate to end the funding of the Netanyahu war machine in Gaza. It is not acceptable to me or the overwhelming majority of Americans, whether you're Democrat, Republican, or independent, that in Gaza right now 60,000 people have been killed, mostly women, children, and the elderly. 140,000 have been wounded, mostly women, children, and the elderly. Entire infrastructure, schools, health care systems, wastewater plants, water plants have been destroyed. And now with US taxpayer money, children are being starved to death. Not acceptable. We've got to change that. But our job right now is to fight Trump every day of the week as Reverend Barber pointed out. But we have got to do more than that. And we have got to understand that the Democratic Party in many, many respects has turned its back on the working class of this country. And if Democrats want to win elections, they're going to have to stop taking money from billionaires and start responding to the needs of working people. So let me give you a rough idea of some-underline some-of what we have got to do as Americans and what the Democratic Party has got to stand for. Health care is a human right, not a privilege. The function of a rational health care system in a democratic society is not to make hundreds of billions in profits for the drug companies or the insurance companies. It is to provide quality care as a right to every man, woman, and child in America today. We do not need to continue paying by far-even close-the highest prices in the world for prescription drugs. We can lower the cost of prescription drugs across the board by 50% by doing nothing more than demanding the drug companies charge us the same prices here as they do abroad. Let me tell you something else that we've got to do. I hear politicians talking about how much they love America. If you love America, you love the future of America, and that is our children. You don't have in America the highest rate of childhood poverty of almost any major country on earth. You don't have a child care system which is broken, wildly expensive, and pays its workers inadequate wages. You don't have a public school system where teachers are often making starvation wages, taking money out of their own pockets to help their kids. You don't have a higher education system where kids are leaving college $50,000, $100,000 in debt. You don't have a system where at a time when we desperately need doctors and nurses, you want to go to medical school, you're from a working class home. You know what? You're going to leave school deep in debt with 500,000 bucks. How do you attract doctors under that scenario? It is not a radical idea to say that in a competitive global economy, higher education should be free for all. A long time ago, a long time ago, working class people fought to create public education in America. They said, you know, we don't want our kids just working in factories, in the fields, and in farms. They need an education. And they fought and they got public education free from first grade to 12th grade. You know what? The world has changed a little bit in the last 150 years. There is absolutely no reason why our public colleges and universities should not be tuition free. Does anybody here think that that's a radical idea? There are countries around the world who already are doing that and have done it for years. They understand that if they want a strong economy, they want a strong democracy, they got to have the best educational system for their kids. They can do it. We can do it. I am tired and you are tired. Whether it is Burlington, Vermont or Asheville or any place else, seeing people sleeping out on the street instead of raising the military budget. And by the way, the Pentagon has not undergone a successful independent audit for years. Massive waste and fraud in the Pentagon. Instead of giving them this year another $150 billion in increase, we're spending a trillion bucks on the Pentagon right now-more than the next 10 nations combined. Maybe instead of putting more money into the defense department, how about building 5 million units of low-income and affordable housing? What's the minimum wage now in North Carolina? How much? You know, it really would be funny if it weren't so pathetic. All over this country. And you know, I go all over this country and I talk to people. I was talking to people yesterday in West Virginia. Well, thank-and I talked to people-I talked to, remember, a woman in Iowa comes to mind. She's raising kids, making 11 bucks an hour. How do you raise a family on $11 an hour? You don't. All right. So, the rich getting richer. Millions of people working for starvation wages. For the middle class, wages are stagnant. It is time to raise the minimum wage to a living wage-at least 17 bucks an hour. We are, as I recall, one of two nations in the entire industrialized world that does not guarantee paid family and medical leave. So what happens today? Kid gets sick. Mom has to make the choice, do I stay home with my child and not go to work and maybe get fired or I go to work and leave my kid who's sick unattended at home? That is not a choice any mom or dad in America should have to make. We should not be the last bloody country on earth to guarantee paid family and medical leave. There are millions of seniors who are struggling today. We don't talk about it very much. We have the highest rate of senior poverty of almost any major country on earth. And just think about it. These are the folks who not only raised us, they not only built our economy, they fought in our wars. They are our heroes and heroines. And if we have any dignity at all, we treat those people with the respect that they deserve so they can live out their retirement years with dignity. That's what a humane society is about. You don't turn your backs on the people who raised us and built this country. Now, there are some Republicans who actually want to cut Social Security. Well, we're not going to let them cut Social Security. We are going to expand Social Security benefits. And it ain't hard to figure out how you do it. Right now, one person makes $10 million a year, one person makes $176,000. They both pay the same amount into the Social Security trust fund because there's a cap on taxable income. You lift that cap, you make these guys on top start paying their fair share. We can substantially raise benefits and expand the solvency of Social Security. Now, for the young people here, some of us older people know this, but for the young people here, you may not know that there was once a time, not so many years ago, that if a worker worked for a company for a number of years, he or she had a defined benefit pension plan. You know what that is? That means as part of your work life, when you leave the job and you retire, you know the retirement benefits, the pension that you are going to have. We used to have it. Corporate America by and large took that away from most American workers. Think about what it will mean to workers in this country to know that in addition to a strong Social Security system, they have a defined benefit pension plan. Now, a lot of you say, "Well, these are ideas. They're really nice and they're good and sound pretty good and how you going to pay for them." Well, I'll tell you how you're going to pay for them. Gee, you took the words right out of my mouth. You know, maybe I'm wrong, but when Mr. Musk is worth some 400 billion, some of his other friends are worth a few hundred billion, and we've seen an explosion of billionaires, and when in many instances these billionaires pay an effective tax rate lower than a truck driver or a nurse, you know what? The time is now to say, guess what, oligarchs? You're going to pay your fair share of taxes. No, look, I am not going to kid you. I didn't even get into the whole issue of climate change and artificial intelligence and robotics and all of those things which are and will have a profound impact on America. These are tough times and I would not be telling you the truth if I didn't tell you that the oligarchs are enormously powerful. They have more wealth literally than people can imagine. They have more political power. They own the media. They own the political parties. Taking them on is not easy. But this I also know and Reverend Barber touched on this as well. If you think back on the history of America, our people over the years, over the hundred years in really difficult times, came together and fought and won. If you think back in the 1770s, think about it. Taking on the British Empire, by far the strongest military power in the world, was not an easy task. You'd be wrong. Those guys came together and they did it. They beat the king of England. If you think that ending the abomination of slavery was easy, think about what the abolitionists had to do. Think about the horror of the Civil War where hundreds of thousands of people died to finally end slavery. Think about the Jim Crow era and the segregation and what Martin Luther King Jr. and the others had to do to take on the racists in the South in order to end that bigotry. All right. Think about the struggle that women had to go through. Women died, went on hunger strikes in order to get the right to vote in the 1920s. Struggled to and continue to struggle today for the right to control their own bodies. When I was a kid, when I was a kid a few years ago, nobody I knew, no fellow student of mine that I can recall ever acknowledged being gay. They were gay, but no one acknowledged it. But the gay community and their straight allies, against really formidable hatred and opposition, stood up and said that in America, people regardless of their sexual orientation, have the right to love whomever they want. So the good news is that throughout our-the good news is that throughout our history in very, very dark and difficult times, the American people came together, led by working class people, came together to take on incredible power and corruption and they won. They did it then. We can do it now. In the middle of the Civil War, Abraham Lincoln went to Gettysburg a few days after that battle where tens of thousands of soldiers died trying to end slavery in America. And he looked out onto the field and he said that we here highly resolve that these dead shall not have died in vain, that this nation under God shall have a new birth of freedom, and that government of the people, by the people, and for the people shall not perish from the earth. Trump and his friends believe in a government of the billionaire class, by the billionaire class, and for the billionaire class. And that is not what millions of Americans fought and sometimes died for. So brothers and sisters, in this difficult moment in American history, in this unprecedented moment, we have got to respond in an unprecedented way. We need you. You can't sit it out. Sorry, I know it's tempting. You can't put your covers over your head. We need you to join us in the struggle. Now, I don't have a PhD in mathematics, but I do know that 99% is a hell of a bigger number than 1%. Brothers and sisters, let's go forward. Let's take on these oligarchs. Let's beat them. Thank you very much to the people.