Dear Ukrainians! Today, the removal of debris and rubble in Kyiv following yesterday's missile attack has been completed. And today, the works also continue throughout the day in our Kherson after Russian bombs hit an oncology center. Fortunately, there were no casualties: people – patients and medical staff – had taken shelter. This center remained operational even during the war, in a limited capacity – providing only those services that could not be relocated from Kherson to other hospitals in the region. In particular, the linear accelerator was located exclusively there, in Kherson, and it was the only place in the city offering radiotherapy treatment. The Russians could not have been unaware that this is specifically a medical facility, and one of great value to the residents of Kherson. So this deliberate strike was nothing less than a heinous act of cruelty against civilians. There were also Russian strikes on Kharkiv, on Nikopol, on the Donetsk region. It is pure terror, deliberately carried out by Russia, for which these inhumane individuals from Russian aviation are even being rewarded. But they will certainly be held accountable – the time will come. And we will definitely continue to strike Russian military targets – with drones and missiles, increasingly with Ukrainian-made ones, specifically targeting military bases and Russian military infrastructure used in this terror against our people. Our defense is entirely just. I thank all those around the world who support Ukraine in this, particularly those advocating for increased defense spending in European countries, for the modernization and technological advancement of arsenals in Europe. And I thank all those who ensure that the pressure on Russia for this war is increased. I would also like to commend our rescuers and police officers who have been particularly outstanding in helping people these weeks. Donetsk region: employees of the State Emergency Service of Ukraine in the region Henadii Demydenko, Vladyslav Pospelov, Serhii Akhmetin, Oleksandr Hurtovyi, Yaroslav Zaitsev, and police officers Yevhenii Musiichuk and Yevhen Afendikov. Thank you, guys! Kharkiv region: Ruslan Kurbanov, Mykhailo Kovalenko, Volodymyr Obolentsev, Mykhailo Chornomorets, Dmytro Kushnir – these are employees of the State Emergency Service – as well as officers of the National Police in the region Oleksii Nesterenko, Inna Kucherenko and Oleksandr Sukhar. Thank you! Zaporizhzhia: employees of the State Emergency Service of Ukraine in the Zaporizhzhia region Serhii Safronov, Vitalii Sheremet, Oleksandr Sychov, Viacheslav Penchev and Ihor Dubinin, police officers Vitalii Pustovar, Yevhen Kulyk and Valerii Kurbakov. Thank you! And also, the employees of the Interregional Center for Rapid Response of the State Emergency Service of Ukraine Oleksandr Zhurid and Andrii Balashov. Employees of the Mobile Rescue Center of the State Emergency Service of Ukraine Vitalii Loik and Mykola Koloda. Rescuers from the Cherkasy region Vladyslav Berdnyk and Oleksandr Kucherenko. And Kyiv rescuers Viktor Balatsky and Yurii Palienko. Thank you, all of you, I am very grateful to your colleagues and everyone who works for Ukraine and Ukrainians! I thank everyone who defends our state! Glory to Ukraine!