Dear Ukrainians! Briefly about today. I have just held a meeting with representatives of the Ukrainian business community – our Ukrainian companies, our regions. Different industries: defense, agriculture, pharmaceutics, banks. I am grateful to them all for operating in Ukraine and for Ukraine, and it is very important for us to maintain support for business, normal operation of Ukrainian enterprises, and our jobs in the state. We discussed concrete issues, which we will definitely solve. The economic foundation is the basis of both social life and our defense. I held a meeting of the Staff today, with a separate report from Commander-in-Chief Syrskyi regarding the front. The Donetsk areas are the most intense, as well as Zaporizhzhia, Kherson, and the Kharkiv region. Details of the Kursk region’s developments – the North Korean military is involved in the fighting. They have many losses. A great deal. And we can see that the Russian military and the North Korean enforcers have no interest in the survival of these Koreans at all. Everything is arranged in a way that makes it impossible for us to capture the Koreans as prisoners – their own people are executing them, there are such cases. And the Russians send them into assaults with minimal protection. Today we received reports on several soldiers from North Korea, our warriors managed to capture them. But they were seriously wounded and could not be resuscitated. This is one of the manifestations of the madness dictatorships are capable of. The Korean nation should not lose its people in the battles in Europe. And this can be influenced, particularly by Korea's neighbors, especially China. If China is sincere in its statements that the war should not escalate, it must exert appropriate pressure on Pyongyang. There is an important decision of the United States today regarding our region – sanctions against Ivanishvili in Georgia. We have been calling for this. Ukraine has already applied its sanctions against this de facto ruler of Georgia personally and against his accomplices. We will not tolerate them surrendering Georgia to Russia’s control. And it is crucial to preserve Georgia's true independence. I thank America for its support. And this should be supported at the level of the entire Europe – every country, all institutions: we need real sanctions and real pressure on this group of comrades in Tbilisi who like Moscow the most. Let them eventually end up in Moscow. I had a good conversation today with the President of Argentina, Javier Milei. I noted Javier's results in economic reform – he has successes that others in the world can learn from. A very correct example of economic growth benefits everyone. I thanked Argentina for supporting Ukraine – Javier was at the Peace Summit we organized this year. There were a hundred states and international institutions; all parts of the world were represented. And this is exactly how we must continue to move forward – to involve all partners in putting pressure on Russia and bringing peace closer. We will increase our cooperation with Argentina – economic, political, and security. And one more thing. Today we introduced a new format in our work within the country – a meeting of representatives of national communities. This is about both respect and politics. Each community, through its voice and informal diplomacy, can help us all, our entire state, to join the European Union faster, to achieve results in Ukraine's EU accession negotiations sooner. And I am grateful to all those who provide this kind of assistance. This is a Ukrainian goal that we will achieve. For sure we will. Glory to Ukraine!