I wish you health, fellow Ukrainians! Currently, our teams – of Ukraine and of the United States, the teams of our other partners are working on preparing the Ramstein – substantive decisions, and, in general, next week’s meetings and negotiations. And this week can be positive for our defense, for our vision of how the war should end. We will do everything for it, we will do it one hundred percent. We will do it effectively. In the coming days, there will be political consultations between our teams: government officials and diplomats. The military will also speak on the content of the Victory Plan's military points. This is something that can rather quickly strengthen Ukraine, Ukraine's positions – primarily, our frontline. And everything outlined in the Plan is absolutely realistic for our partners. The world has this resource for reinforcement that will allow us to move forward according to the Peace Formula. This is our goal, our task – to guarantee Ukraine reliable peace and long-term security. This is possible only based on international law and without any bargaining over sovereignty or trading territories. Exactly as envisaged by the Peace Formula. Ukraine needs peace – real and just – guaranteed protection from war. This is possible only from strong positions. And only when both our people and our partners are truly united. This is what we are working for. I thank everyone who is helping us, and who, just like us, is ready to make next week historic in many ways. And one more thing. I want to acknowledge our warriors, who are also, in a way, preparing the next Ramstein. In other words, they demonstrate what Ukrainians are capable of when they have enough weapons and sufficient range. I want to thank all the warriors of the Special Operations Center “A” of the Security Service of Ukraine – all those who demilitarize Russian military facilities. I want to thank you, guys, for destroying Russian military logistics, and especially for hitting Russian military airfields. This is the most needed thing. Every destroyed Russian military base, every destroyed Russian airbase, every destroyed warehouse with aerial bombs saves the lives of Ukrainians and provides real support for the front. And we will keep convincing our partners that our drones alone are not enough. More decisive steps are needed – and the end of this war will be closer. I am sure of it! Glory to Ukraine!