Dear Ukrainians! The key points for the moment. Nearly two hundred Russian strike drones in one night. Most of them were either shot down or neutralized by electronic warfare. I am grateful to all mobile fire groups, all air defense and electronic warfare units. This was a major escalation of pressure on Ukraine through such acts of terror. And it is crucial that we succeed in protecting our people and our infrastructure from the majority of these threats. But unfortunately, not one hundred percent. In the Ternopil region, efforts are still underway to address the aftermath of the strike. Nearly two hundred Russian drones against Ukraine in one day – that is nearly two hundred proofs that Russian ambitions are utterly detached from any ideas of real peace. Currently in Sumy, the rescue operation at the site of the shelling targeting a vehicle service station is still in progress. Tragically, two people have been killed. My condolences to their families and loved ones. One person is likely still trapped under the rubble. A house and a nearby kindergarten were also damaged by the strike. Preliminary, it was a multiple rocket launcher attack. And the only effective way to protect ourselves from this is to eliminate Russian weapons and Russian launchers directly on Russian territory. That is why the ability to strike Russian territory is so important to us. This is the only factor that can limit Russian terror and Russia's capacity to wage war in general. I am grateful to all the partners who understand this and convey it to other partners. Today, there was a report from Commander-in-Chief Syrskyi. It was in the morning. And there will be another conversation this evening. The priorities – they are clear. The frontline – the Pokrovsk direction, Kurakhove. Also, the Kursk operation. We appreciate that our partners are now implementing the announced support packages. They are implementing them quite timely. And it is important that the scale of what is announced aligns with our agreements and objective needs. We need a new impetus for defense supplies. And in December, we must make it happen. I want to thank everyone who stands with us, who stands with Ukraine! Thank you! Glory to Ukraine!