I wish you health, fellow Ukrainians! Now, we are on our way to Brussels. There will be a special meeting of the European Council. At the level of leaders. I will present the Victory Plan – our tool for compelling Russia to seek peace. All European leaders will hear how our positions must be strengthened. We must end this war fairly. I am thankful to Charles Michel, President of the European Council, for inviting Ukraine to participate. We will also have meetings in the European Parliament – with President Roberta Metsola and with leaders of the European Parliament's political groups. There will be a meeting with Mark Rutte, NATO Secretary General. And we are also preparing a NATO-Ukraine Council meeting at the level of defense ministers. Our top priority is securing more protection for Ukraine now, ahead of winter. Last night, I spoke with President Biden. Many issues were covered. I am grateful for the new support package. 425 million dollars is the amount. This is air defense – our special priority. Weapons for our warriors. We also talked about our upcoming packages. President Biden gave me his word that the packages will be implemented in the near future. We spoke about long-range weapons. We discussed Ramstein, a meeting in a few weeks. We also talked about the way our teams will work on the Victory Plan points. Things that should help us on the frontline in the coming weeks, and we are really looking forward to the support for our eastern directions. The Victory Plan is also about diplomacy, about peace through strength, which should lead us to a really productive Peace Summit. We are about to have very active weeks working with our partners. Together with them, we have the strength to achieve a just peace. I want to thank everyone who stands with Ukraine! I thank President Biden, both parties of Congress, and all Americans! I thank the European Union, every European leader, every country that maintains unity for the sake of Ukraine, and therefore for itself and all of Europe. I thank all our people! Glory to Ukraine!