Dear Ukrainians! Today I would like to address our partners on one of the fundamental elements of peace. Ukraine always rejoices when we manage to bring our people back from Russian captivity. To bring them back home. Warriors and civilians. It is extremely difficult, but we are doing everything to make the exchanges happen. But the hardest part isn’t bringing adults home – it’s bringing back the children. Young Ukrainians taken from their families. Kids who have been taken from our temporarily occupied territories to Russia. And whom Russia is trying to hide. No one can say for certain today exactly how many there are, but we know there are tens of thousands. These are both very young children and teenagers. Those who have relatives in Ukraine. And those whose relatives, tragically, were killed by Russian strikes. Sometimes, luckily, children manage to reach out themselves – to volunteers, human rights defenders, or relatives back in Ukraine. But in most cases, Russians deprive them of any means of communication, seize and destroy the children’s documents, and place them in Russian families of strangers. In captivity, it’s not just years that matter – every single day counts. And so does every effort that helps free our people. This week, Canada hosted a conference on the point of the Peace Formula dedicated to this very task of ours – bringing home all Ukrainian captives, all our deported and abducted Ukrainians. More than 70 countries and international organizations participated. There’s full support for our people, our country, and our mission. Every prisoner exchange is an achievement. Every child who returns home to Ukraine is a reason for happiness. But we must bring everyone back. Everyone. Our Bring Kids Back UA initiative is in progress. The United Arab Emirates, Qatar, the Vatican – acting as mediator countries – are together with us in this effort, along with many other nations. We want true peace for Ukraine – for our land and for all our people. This is only fair. It is fair to bring home everyone torn away from their home by war. Peace must be lasting. I thank everyone who helps Ukraine! Glory to Ukraine!