We are on our way home from the United States. Many tasks have been accomplished during this visit. I thank President Biden for the largest support package ever – nearly $8 billion. It includes weapons for the frontline, and air defense for our cities, and the expansion of the F-16 training mission. I presented the Victory Plan, and we agreed that we will soon be discussing our next steps with our allies in the Ramstein format in Germany. October is the time for decisions. We have an important follow-up to the set of security agreements – now the G7+ Declaration on Reconstruction. A clear signal that, together with our allies, we will restore normal life after the war. More than 30 countries have already joined Ukraine in this effort. There will be bilateral agreements as well – we will expand the number of countries. I thank the United States and President Biden for this leadership. I thank the United States Congress for their unwavering bipartisan support and willingness to help us – to help us prevail. Senators, members of the House of Representatives – everyone who sees how much we can do together. We received full support for our strategy of approaching peace – peace through strength. As was important for Ukraine, we held meetings with both U.S. presidential candidates. Meeting with Kamala Harris – all the important accents were voiced, almost an hour-long conversation. Meeting with Donald Trump – it was our second meeting since 2019 and it happened right now, when it is so important. Thank you for your attention to the details of our Victory Plan. I thank everyone who helps to stop Russian terror and who understands that only strength can force Russia to respect the rules and follow the basic documents of the world. Life is based on principles and law when it cannot be destroyed by violence. That is why unity is so necessary. Unity of the allies, unity of the world to stop Russia, this war, and to ensure a real fair peace. The peace that Ukraine wants more than anyone else in the world, and that will definitely come. Glory to Ukraine!