I wish you health, fellow Ukrainians! Today, our Crimea Platform, its parliamentary dimension, is in session. I am grateful to Ruslan Stefanchuk and everyone involved in organizing the event. With more than seventy participating delegations, the platform is well-represented. This year, the platform is taking place in Latvia. Today, I addressed the summit participants and called on them to support the Victory Plan. I know that the Plan’s points have been discussed thoroughly and in detail. It is crucial that we work with our partners not only at the highest political level for the Plan’s implementation but also across all political and societal levels. It is very important to stay united and communicate our motives, needs, and ability to steer this war towards a just end as clearly as possible to the world. I would also like to highlight that today, the Crimea Platform focused heavily on the points of our Peace Formula, particularly the point on territorial integrity and implementation of the UN Charter. Today, on United Nations Day, it is important that the world does not forget about the goals and principles of the UN Charter and the purpose of creating this organization. Even though some of its officials may prioritize temptations in Kazan over the content of the UN Charter, our world is built in such a way that the rights of nations and the norms of international law do, and will continue to, matter. I thank everyone who is helping Ukraine in this regard. I also participated in the meeting of the Presidium of the Congress of Local and Regional Authorities today. I called for the same level of engagement with the Victory Plan at the community level as we have at the state level. Connections between regions, communities, and cities are crucial in ensuring that the societies of other countries understand what Ukraine is capable of and how we can bring peace closer. Together. And one more thing. Today, I held a Staff meeting. As always, there were many different issues discussed. I want to focus on a special assignment to the members of the Staff and other officials. Right now, Ukraine needs to develop an internal Strengthening Plan. A plan that, together with the Victory Plan, will provide Ukraine with the right solutions to all the challenges of this year and next year. The Victory Plan is aimed at our partners – at their certainty regarding Ukraine’s place in the security architecture, whether they are ready for Ukraine to win, and whether the partners want to see the post-war security system really reliable. The Victory Plan – if carried out by our partners – will provide all the answers. And it’s clear that there’s also an internal part to this work. Positions on the frontline and in the rear. What needs strengthening. The issue of justice in Ukraine, which is especially pressing. Our economy – our jobs, the development of industries that are critical for Ukraine. Protection against Russian disinformation. Social protection for people. Many areas require clear answers – what steps we are taking and who is responsible for implementing specific steps. This internal Strengthening Plan will also guarantee Ukraine's unity. When you work for the state, you feel that you are with the state, alongside millions of others who want Ukraine to win. That’s how it should be. Thank you to everyone who stands with Ukraine! Glory to all our people! Glory to Ukraine!