I wish you health, fellow Ukrainians! Today I am already in Kyiv. We are working on the results of our negotiations, which include meetings in Europe and discussions with our partners. There was a conversation with President Biden. We are preparing for meetings in Ukraine with the American team of political and military representatives. Earlier, our representatives – the Chief of the General Staff and Deputy Prime Minister Stefanishyna – were in Washington. Minister of Defense Umerov, Minister of Foreign Affairs Sybiha, and Commander-in-Chief Syrskyi are working with their counterparts in Europe. We are developing our Victory Plan in communication with our partners. Additionally, work is underway to prepare the second Peace Summit – good faith diplomacy. We need to end the war in a way that guarantees security and peace for Ukrainians and all of Ukraine. Relevant meetings will be held by the Head of my Office Yermak and Prime Minister of Ukraine Shmyhal. I am grateful to every leader and every state that has embraced our arguments on security and is ready to help in ways that can steer the current situation toward peace. Today, there was also a report by Commander-in-Chief Syrskyi. It was about the front. It was about our directions. It was about the Kursk Operation. We are defending our positions. A meeting was held regarding the railway operation in Ukraine. I am grateful to everyone who works for the company. Right now, Ukrzaliznytsia is holding our country up in many respects. Today, Deputy Prime Minister Fedorov also delivered a report – we have some good results. And this is what matters most for Ukraine – having daily, weekly results for our state and people. Having constant new support for our defense. And having more opportunities to bring peace closer. Ukraine must be a leader in any situation – offering solutions, suggesting paths, and directing work so that every partner benefits from cooperation with Ukraine. And one more thing. Today, I would like to thank our Ukrainian law enforcement officers, particularly the National Police, everyone who works to ensure law and order in Ukraine. Almost every week, they achieve results in fighting crime. Recently, I received a report on one such operation – the police worked from June to October. 19 drug laboratories were eliminated. The turnover was almost UAH 350 million per month. This was significant, interregional criminal activity. The same goes for countering arms trafficking, illegal arms trafficking, and protecting our people from other forms of crime. It is very important that institutions work to ensure internal security in Ukraine. And I thank all those who are truly professional in this. Glory to Ukraine!