I wish you health, fellow Ukrainians! A brief summary of the day. A long report by Commander-in-Chief Syrskyi – the frontline and especially the Pokrovsk direction. The Kursk operation and our vision of further actions on the foothold. I held a meeting of the Staff. Several issues. Among the most important was the report of the intelligence services – the Foreign Intelligence Service and the Defense Intelligence of Ukraine – on the intentions of the Russians for the fall and winter. Everything was quite detailed. The actual involvement of North Korea in the war. Also, Russia's relations with some other countries, that, unfortunately, are investing in prolonging the war. Also, the direction of foreign policy: our relations with partners and possible steps that can help us defend ourselves and achieve results despite everything. I thank our intelligence, all the specialists involved for the full picture. In return, I have given specific tasks to the Defense Forces, the Security Forces, the Government and our diplomats. Whoever helps Russia, we will respond as toughly as necessary to defend Ukraine. There will be respective work with our partners to ensure that Russia's intentions do not work. And it is possible. This is exactly what will happen. Today, Deputy Prime Minister Stefanishyna delivered a report on the negotiations in Washington and other capitals at the team level on the geopolitical point of our Victory Plan. The military officials are working at their levels with our partners on the military points. This week, we will present to all our partners in Europe our strategy for compelling Russia to bring this war to a just end. Of course, the Victory Plan will be made public. Moreover, along with the initial response we have received from our partners. And all of us in Ukraine really need maximum support. And one more thing. There was a report by Oleksandr Kamyshin on our production, domestic production and supply to the army. As of today, there are already one million drones that have been purchased at state expense and delivered to the front. And this is only the state's contribution. There are also supplies from volunteers, from all those who support us. I want to thank everyone who makes our army technologically advanced: all Ukrainian manufacturers, our entire state sector, all partners who invest in the production of drones in Ukraine. We will continue increasing this supply, and the main thing is that technological development helps us protect our warriors' lives. I thank everyone who stands with Ukraine! Glory to Ukraine!