I wish you good health, fellow Ukrainians! Today – the Sumy region, regional work. I held a meeting of the Staff here, and the main issue is the defense of our infrastructure, our energy sector – the operation of air defense. There was a report from our military – the Air Force, the East Command, as well as a report from the Minister of Energy; we had representatives of state energy companies, heads of all levels of the vertical between the Government and communities. We have decisions to support the region, and more separate meetings will be held on the energy sector of the Sumy and our other border regions. Before winter, the most important thing is a resilience reserve. There were reports from the Head of the Security Service of Ukraine, our law enforcement officials. The report by Commander-in-Chief Syrskyi on the frontline – this is the Donetsk directions, this is the Kharkiv region, this is the South of the state, the border area, the Kursk region. I visited our warriors taking part in the Kursk operation – the 82nd brigade. I honored them with state awards. I am proud of the bravery of all our guys, our warriors! And it is very important to understand that the Kursk operation is a really strategic thing, one that adds motivation to our partners, adds motivation to stand with Ukraine, to be more determined and put pressure on Russia – to put pressure in a way that can help us to end the war fairly. Today, also here, in the Sumy region, I met with the heads of communities and thanked them for staying in their regions; they are with their people, and they really care and worry about the Sumy region and all of Ukraine. We talked about things that can support all of us – our defense, our people. A particularly emotional meeting was with educators: this Sunday is Education Workers' Day. I personally thanked them – our teachers, lecturers, heads of educational institutions from the Sumy region, the Chernihiv, Kharkiv, and Poltava regions, who were right here today. And all over Ukraine, in all regions, absolutely selfless people really give us hope for the future. When education works, when children, students have the opportunity to study, it means that the country will live, and the children of Ukraine will have a normal life when they grow up. I want to thank all those who are in Ukraine, with Ukraine, who fight and work for our state, who educate our children, who preserve our Ukrainian culture. We will definitely defend Ukraine! I thank our Sumy region! Glory to Ukraine!