I wish you health! I just spoke with UK Prime Minister Keir Starmer and thanked him for the support. We coordinated our steps – joint steps, our joint diplomacy, and the work of our teams to bring peace closer and guarantee security. We are preparing a meeting between our military representatives for the preparation of contingents. We appreciate the UK’s position regarding pressure on Russia – pressure must be strong enough to prevent the Russians from expanding this war. All the more so now, as Moscow blatantly makes a mockery of our partners’ efforts to advance a peace agenda – with constant new drone attacks and relentless, brutal shelling. Only through pressure can this be ended and Russia forced into peace. Today, I also thanked Keir and all of the UK for the participation of a representative of the British Parliament – Speaker of the House of Commons Lindsay Hoyle – in the Bucha Summit, at the level of European parliamentary representatives. Partners came specifically today – on the anniversary of Bucha’s liberation from Russian occupiers. Today, together with the First Lady of Ukraine, the speakers of parliaments, the Chairman of the Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine, and the Prime Minister of Ukraine, we honored the memory of our people whose lives, tragically, were taken by the occupiers. Russian war criminals must absolutely be held accountable for all of this – and today, the summit participants were unequivocal on that: Europe will not forget the moral conclusions drawn from this war. It cannot be allowed for Putin, other Russian criminals, and the Russian state itself to be absolved of responsibility. It is simply impossible to normalize what they did in Bucha, in Mariupol, and in so many other cities and villages. We will continue working to ensure that Russia is held accountable for this war – and that this accountability is tangible. I thank everyone around the world who is helping. Today, there’s a new defense package from Sweden – the largest since the start of this war – worth $1.6 billion. A significant portion will go toward weapons procurement and production. It also includes arms supplied from stockpiles. Thank you, Sweden! This will help. And one more thing. We’ve planned our team’s diplomatic work for April – the Office, the Government – including negotiations with partners and meetings. Our priorities are clear – to protect our people and Ukraine’s positions as much as possible, to use all diplomatic opportunities to the fullest, and to work together with our partners – with the United States, with Europe, and with all others – constructively, so that peace can be achieved. And of course, to do everything possible to support our people, our state’s resilience, and to maintain all the necessary ties with the world. I thank everyone who is helping! I’m grateful to all Ukrainians who are defending our country, fighting on the front lines, and working for Ukraine and its people. Glory to Ukraine!