I wish you health, fellow Ukrainians! Today, in Kharkiv and the region, with our people of great strength. First, I visited combat brigades. The Vovchansk direction – the 57th Brigade. Then, the positions of the 92nd Separate Assault Brigade. These are very effective brigades – thank you, warriors, for every occupier destroyed. I presented the men with state awards. In both brigades, we had very candid conversations – including about how the important decisions already made are working in practice, particularly regarding direct funding for brigades – first of all, funding for drones. It’s very important now to give brigades more opportunities to independently purchase pickup trucks and other necessary equipment as well – based on their own needs and choices. Unfortunately, there are still many legal hurdles and red tape. We will simplify everything and give more opportunities to our brigades. Tomorrow, I will convene a Staff meeting to discuss everything we heard today from our servicemen. Plus, the development of contracts in the army – so that contracts can be expanded, including on the basis of the experience of “18-24” contracts. I’ve already spoken with the head of the region and the head of the city about additional financial support for the brigades in the Kharkiv region that are carrying out combat missions – this is something we discussed today with the guys from the 57th Brigade. Of course, there are things we’ll not disclose publicly – those we discussed with the battalion commanders – but we will do our best to implement all of it as well. It was important to meet today in Kharkiv with our communities, with representatives of businesses, schools, and universities. I’m grateful to everyone for their work in Kharkiv, for Kharkiv, and for all of our Ukraine. The state will continue to support our cities and communities in the eastern part of Ukraine. In particular, this includes special conditions for businesses in frontline and border areas – to preserve jobs and sustain our Ukrainian production. There are many specific aspects, and we have already discussed them with Prime Minister Yuliia Svyrydenko. I am expecting a report on the action plan for the border areas. And one more thing – something special. Here in Kharkiv, I met today with very young boys and girls – but they already know what they want, who they want to become, and that their choice is Ukraine – an independent Ukraine. We are all fighting for one thing – independence for Ukraine, a battle still to be won together by all Ukrainians. I am absolutely confident that weʼll do it – Ukraine will always be independent and strong. Just like our people. Thank you, people! Glory to Ukraine!