Dear Ukrainians! There have already been several reports today from the Ministry of Internal Affairs of Ukraine regarding rescue operations and the clearing of rubble after the Russian strike. The State Emergency Service of Ukraine and all relevant services will continue working for as long as necessary. People are being searched for under the rubble. Over a hundred people have already received various forms of assistance. Many have been wounded or injured, including 14 children. Dozens are currently in hospitals. I am grateful to the rescuers, our police officers, every doctor, every nurse, and everyone involved in providing assistance. To all municipal services. It is very important that Ukrainians so swiftly and so humanely help one another do their job and restore life after Russian strikes. Tragically, there are fatalities. As of now, 14 people have been confirmed dead in Kyiv, including a six-year-old child. My condolences to all their families and loved ones. During the day, there were also Russian strikes on the Sumy, Kharkiv, and Donetsk regions – our Kramatorsk and other cities and communities of ours. And wherever possible, our rescuers are working, all emergency services are responding, and the military is helping a lot. I want to thank you for this! Commander-in-Chief Syrskyi delivered a report today. The front line – especially the Pokrovsk sector – our units are holding all their positions. Pokrovsk and Dobropillia are currently seeing the heaviest fighting. And it is important that our warriors are eliminating Russian sabotage and reconnaissance groups – small units constantly attempting to break into the city and establish footholds. This is the Russian tactic, and our response to it is the destruction of the occupier. There were Russian fake reports today – you saw them – about Chasiv Yar. This is Russian disinformation. Ukrainian units are holding our positions, and every Russian attempt to advance in the Donetsk, Sumy, and Kharkiv regions is ultimately being repelled by us. It is not easy, but it is the defense of Ukrainians’ very right to life. Every such direction is extremely important. Today, the Minister of Foreign Affairs of Ukraine is taking part in a major meeting of European foreign ministers in Finland – on the OSCE platform. I addressed the participants of this meeting. These days, Europe is marking 50 years of the OSCE – and that means principles, the Helsinki principles, which at the time affirmed a peaceful path for Europe. And today, we clearly know what is needed to bring peace back to Europe, to force Russia into peace, to end this war. There will be new sanctions against Russia and new strong steps in support of Ukraine. I thank everyone around the world who is helping. I also thank Ursula von der Leyen and António Costa – the President of the European Commission and the President of the European Council – as well as the European leaders. All of them firmly support the adoption of the law guaranteeing the independence of anti-corruption institutions and the proper functioning of all law enforcement bodies. European leaders, many ministers – we are receiving all these necessary positive signals – signals that Ukraine is moving in the right direction. Today, a briefing was held at the Presidential Office for EU ambassadors on Ukraine’s sanctions policy and our priorities. The Presidential Commissioner for Sanctions Policy presented very detailed recommendations on what measures could have the greatest impact on Russia. The ambassadors were also shown fragments of Russian missiles and ‘shaheds’ – the very ones that struck residential buildings in Kyiv. Not a single one of these missiles or ‘shaheds’ would be possible without components from other countries, delivered to Russia through various supply schemes. Every such supply scheme must be blocked – and that depends on our partners. I also discussed with the Government the swift implementation of the laws adopted today. Some draft laws for August have already been agreed upon – including the law on the Military Ombudsman. The text of this document has been thoroughly worked on. I expect that the Military Ombudsman institution will soon be able to operate in full. Thank you to everyone who is helping us! Glory to Ukraine!