I wish you good health, fellow Ukrainians! Today, I’m in the Donetsk region – Kramatorsk, Slovyansk, our combat brigades – communicating with our warriors. I presented state awards, specifically for their achievements in battle, to the finest of our warriors, those who have excelled most in recent weeks. We are now conducting one of our counteroffensive operations in the Donetsk direction – and our guys are performing brilliantly – in the Pokrovsk and Dobropillia areas. The fighting is intense, but we have inflicted significant losses on the Russians. In effect, our forces are depriving the occupiers of the ability to carry out the full-scale offensive in this direction that they had long planned and relied on. Their first attempt was in the Sumy region; now it’s here – Ukrainian units are delivering results for Ukraine. I thank everyone involved. The operation continues as we planned. This is an important success for Ukraine. I thank the Airborne Forces, assault regiments and battalions, all our infantry, intelligence, and artillery personnel, and National Guard units. I thank everyone who is ensuring the unmanned systems component. Today, Commander-in-Chief Syrskyi delivered the first report on the outcomes. Since the start of the operation, our warriors have already liberated 160 square kilometers, and over 170 square kilometers have been cleared of the occupiers. We have significantly replenished our “exchange fund” – we already have almost 100 Russian prisoners, with more to come. Seven settlements in this direction have already been liberated, and nine more cleared of Russian presence. Any group of occupiers attempting to enter this area is being destroyed by our guys. Russian losses just since the start of this counteroffensive – in the Pokrovsk area alone, in these past weeks – are already more than 2,500, of which over 1,300 Russians have been killed. Ukraine is rightfully defending its positions and its land. And this is a heroic defense. I am proud of our warriors. I am proud of our people. In this war, Ukraine finds protection against every Russian treachery. We are thwarting every Russian plan – plans to destroy our state. Our defense is always active. And we have proven that Ukrainians can achieve the necessary results, achieve them even when many around the world expect results from Russia. It is important that our partners act with dignity – just as our people deserve to be supported. Russia must be forced into peace. And Ukraine can do this – if our army has sufficient strength and sufficient long-range capabilities. And, of course, the world can do this together with us – through strong sanctions against Russia and strong pressure, as strong as our people are. I want to thank everyone who is fighting for Ukraine! Glory to Ukraine!