I wish you health! Today, throughout the day, recovery efforts continued in several of our regions after last night’s Russian attack. A massive attack. More than five hundred drones were launched – 574 – along with missiles, including ballistic ones. Forty missiles. A significant portion of all this was shot down by our warriors – and it is important that we have this capability, the proper means. More than thirty missiles were shot down. Dozens of “shaheds” were destroyed by our interceptors. Thank you to all the developers and operators. But, unfortunately, there were also hits. Different regions – from Zaporizhzhia to Volyn and Zakarpattia. In Mukachevo, the Russians practically burned down a company – an American company, by the way, producing electronics – home appliances, nothing military. The Russians knew exactly where they lobbed the missiles. We believe this was a deliberate strike specifically on American-owned property here in Ukraine, on American investments. A very telling strike. As is this entire massive attack – right as the world awaits a clear answer from the Russians, an answer on negotiations to end the war. There are two formats where progress is feasible. These are leader-level formats. Bilateral – Ukraine and Russia. And trilateral – Ukraine, the United States, and Russia. We discussed this in Washington. Putin spoke about it on the call with President Trump. Now, frankly speaking, the signals coming from Russia are simply outrageous. They are trying to wriggle out of holding a meeting. They don’t want to end this war. They continue their massive attacks on Ukraine and their ferocious assaults along the frontline. They even lob missiles at an American enterprise, alongside many other purely civilian targets. And this is happening right at the borders of the European Union and NATO – a Russian attack drone entered Polish territory. Very troubling drone incidents have also occurred on Lithuanian territory. None of this is accidental. This is Russian impudence. We expect our partners to respond in a principled manner. This war must be brought to an end. Pressure must be exerted on Russia to end the war. Putin understands nothing but force and pressure. Of course, we are doing and will continue to do everything necessary to protect our state and our people. The U.S. President is absolutely right – this must be done not only in defense. Meanwhile, we do not slow down in diplomacy, in all our contacts with partners, so that negotiations do take place – the kind of negotiations that can truly bring peace closer. National security advisors are working – they had a conversation yesterday and there has been a lot of communication today as well. At their level, the military – the Commander-in-Chief, the General Staff – are working on the military component of the security guarantees for Ukraine. Now, each day carves out the contours of future security architecture for Ukraine. Weapons, funds, cooperation with partners, forces on the ground, in the air, and at sea. And every day, there will be new steps taken by partners to support Ukraine – I will have a lot of diplomatic work to do. I thank everyone who stands with us, with Ukraine. And one more thing. Today, I want to thank all the employees of the State Emergency Service of Ukraine, everyone who always helps people in the wake of Russian strikes. It is important that, despite everything, Ukrainians know how to protect lives and help everyone around them. The State Emergency Service, the police, all our services, many volunteers, medical workers, first responders – all are as functional and effective as possible. Thank you! I especially want to recognize today the Kharkiv region – the Main Department of the State Emergency Service of Ukraine in the Kharkiv region – Vasyl Zeikan, Anton Zhuravlov, Leonid Zhupii, Andrii Simtsov, and Oleksandr Bondarenko. Thank you, guys! Also, the staff of the Mobile Rescue Center of Rapid Response of the State Emergency Service of Ukraine – Yurii Zhelaha, Kostiantyn Silaiev, Vitalii Moshkovskyi, and Mariia Kukla. Thank you! As well as the Main Department of the State Emergency Service of Ukraine in the city of Kyiv – Yurii Lozynskyi, Mykola Los, Borys Ivanchenko, Ihor Lysak, Vadym Yaroshevskyi, and Andrii Omelchenko. Thank you, guys! Thank you to everyone who fights and works for Ukraine! Glory to Ukraine!