I wish you good health, fellow Ukrainians! A brief update on today. The military: reports have been coming in since morning, in particular, from the Commander of the Air Force about the drone interception. The brazenness of the Russians keeps growing – they are attacking Ukraine more and more often in broad daylight with dozens of strike drones. Last night there were 150 drones; this morning over fifty more; in the evening dozens more, and most of them were “shaheds.” In fact, swarms of Russian drones in our skies serve as an accompaniment to Russia’s statements from China. An open disregard by Russia for everything the world is doing to stop this war. Yesterday, the Russians literally denied what President Trump said about the leaders’ meeting that is needed to end the war. These days in China, Putin keeps spinning his tales – as if he is not responsible for the war. As if someone always “forces” him to fight, to kill, to drive children into shelters, to send thousands of people to storm our positions. And now we see another buildup of Russian forces in some sectors of the front. The only thing he refuses to be “forced” into is peace. Russia continues to launch strikes. Of course, we will respond. We will respond, including asymmetrically as well, so that Russia truly feels the consequences of its audacity. And we continue working with our partners to put pressure on Russia – and that will happen. Russia hears nothing but strength, and it will keep lying until its losses are heavy enough. All our partners understand this. What matters now is the resolve to act. Additional sanctions that actually hit – they are needed. Tariffs that limit Russian trade and cut funding for Russia’s war machine – all these are much needed too. I am grateful to everyone who continues to support our defense, our resilience. And it’s important that now, in September, the resourcing of programs with our partners continues with no less intensity than at the start of the year. In particular, the PURL program. In August, thanks to European countries, we secured over two billion euros specifically for procuring American weapons, including missiles for Patriot and missiles for HIMARS systems. Going forward, this very PURL program must continue to receive at least one billion dollars per month. The Ministry of Foreign Affairs and our ambassadors in partner countries must be highly effective. Today, I held a quite detailed meeting with all the representatives involved in preparing security guarantees for Ukraine and coordinating steps with our partners in support of the Defense Forces. The teams from the Office, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the military – Commander-in-Chief and General Staff – the NSDC Secretary are all working actively so that this year, next year, and in the long term – despite any Russian insanity – Ukraine has sufficient protection. And it will definitely be so. Today, we agreed on the basis for further contacts with members of the Coalition of the Willing regarding the actual content of security guarantees for Ukraine. We are working – very actively – with the team from the United States. Soon, we will speak with the leaders of partner countries in Europe. Our formats – including Ukraine–Northern Europe, as well as the Washington Format – we are filling all of this with substance to the fullest. Work continues on sanctions as well – with the European Union, the United Kingdom, and other partners. Synchronizing sanctions – ours and our partners’ – is one of the main tasks for the fall. And one more thing. Law enforcement – the Ministry of Internal Affairs, the Security Service of Ukraine, and the Prosecutor General – provides regular reports on the investigation into the murder of Andriy Parubiy. A preventive measure has been set for the suspect: detention without bail. Law enforcement is uncovering more and more details of the crime. Horrific details. It is important that the public receives all the established and verified information to the fullest extent possible under procedural rules. I thank the entire team working around the clock to establish the truth. Today in Lviv, a farewell ceremony was held for Andriy Parubiy. My condolences to his family and loved ones. Eternal memory! Glory to Ukraine!