Good morning, Ukraine! Ukrainians. Our state. Strong, independent. For it is one. And united. We always keep this in mind, especially on this day, January 22, the Day of Unity of Ukraine. I am recording this address at Sophia Square. A historic place. A place of strength. A place of wisdom, passed down to us through the events that took place here over a hundred years ago and through further moments of our history, which prove: when we fight united, we certainly gain what is ours, but when we clash, we lose what is ours. It was right here, on this square, that the Act of Unification was proclaimed. Right Bank and Left Bank Ukraine united into one state. But ambition, discord, and enemies who took advantage of them – enemies, by the way, both external and internal – prevented an independent Ukraine from existing for long. Unfortunately. Our statehood was lost. That means our own freedom was lost. For many years. For decades. It meant several generations living under other people's flags, traditions, being told how to live, how to speak, how to think, whom to love, whom to hate. This is what it means to live without your own statehood; this is what the loss of independence means. And every year, on this day, we have always recalled these lessons of unity, we formed human chains, we said how important it is to maintain unity and stand shoulder to shoulder. But the day came, and we had to prove it. February 24. The day that became a defining moment. It became a kind of challenge. A kind of test for unity, for maturity, for faith in Ukraine. And we united. All Ukrainians united. Not in a declarative way, not on paper, not by some order, but by an inner calling. Millions of us – together. And together we were able to withstand, to preserve Ukraine together, we repelled the occupier, held back this great invasion together. This word – “together” – holds the hidden strength of Ukrainians. It's about us, about what we are capable of when we choose not our personal ambitions, but Ukraine. When we choose its interests. When we choose not a feud, but a sword. To defend what is ours. To defend our own. To defend with all our might. We remember those moments. There weren’t enough weapons for all the volunteers, but there was definitely enough courage, concern, and faith in ourselves, faith in Ukraine. We all had enough strength, all those who prove: our native land does not end at the borders of our own backyard. This is what unity means. This is the unity we need to secure what’s ours, our right to live in peace. This is the land of every Ukrainian, this is our capital, and this square – it’s ours, of every Ukrainian. Our St. Sophia's Cathedral. Here it is, standing for over a thousand years. And it will stand just as long. I am sure. I believe that our children, grandchildren, generations will come to this square. On the Day of Unity and on all other holidays. Under the blue and yellow flag. In our state. And we will do everything to make it that way. So that we are not ashamed in front of them, so that they know that we did not repeat mistakes of the past. And Ukraine exists. Ukraine is one. Peaceful. United. Today, I want to congratulate everyone on this day – the Day of Unity of Ukraine! I wish us to be strong, to believe in ourselves, to believe in Ukraine. And to know for sure that Ukrainian unity is not just about the two banks of the Dnipro. It is about our entire world. This is Ukraine today. Wherever we are. All of us who were born in different cities, towns, and villages, all our warriors, our children, medics, volunteers, teachers, power engineers, all those who today, wherever they are, will say: I am Ukrainian! I want to congratulate you all on the Day of Unity, dear and cherished Ukrainians! Glory to Ukraine!