Dear Ukrainians, Rescue operations are currently underway in Dobropillia, Donetsk region, after a Russian bomb struck right in the city, hitting a local store and ordinary market stalls. At this moment, the number of victims caused by this strike is not yet confirmed. So far, we know that eleven people have been injured and two killed. My condolences to their families. All services are involved and doing everything they can to save as many people as possible. This is just horrendous, dumb Russian terror. There is no military logic behind their strikes, simply an attempt to kill as many as possible. The present-day Russia is all about vile strikes like this. We will respond. We will work with our partners to force Russia to end this war. And we must also increase our own strength to achieve that. This is exactly what we are focused on now. Today, the legal procedures to reshuffle the Government have already begun – Members of Parliament supported the resignation of the Prime Minister. This morning, we held a highly focused meeting with Denys Shmyhal, specifically on defense matters, also joined by Rustem Umerov and Herman Smetanin. We agreed on new approaches to managing the defense sector. The Ministry of Defense will have greater influence over weapons production, and there must be more Ukrainian-made weapons – more of them in the hands of our warriors on the frontline. In addition, the Ministry of Defense will conduct an audit of all agreements with our partners – this includes supplies under aid programs, as well as investment in our Ukrainian weapons production, and all our joint projects. We are speeding up all processes to the fullest extent. Today, I have already signed and submitted to the Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine the documents proposing Denys Shmyhal as the new Minister of Defense. Strategic industrial sectors will also be managed through the Ministry of Defense. Herman Smetanin will head Ukroboronprom. The task is very specific and clear. Currently, Ukrainian weapons account for nearly 40% of those used on the frontline and in all our operations. This is already significantly more of Ukraine’s own weapons production than at any point since our independence. The volumes are indeed substantial. But we need even more. And what we need is greater capacity to push the war back onto Russia’s territory – back to where the war was brought from. So that they feel what they’ve done, and what the cost is of Putin’s refusal to implement a ceasefire and pursue real peace. We must reach the level of 50% Ukrainian-made weapons within the first six months of the new Government's work by expanding our domestic production. I am confident this can be achieved, though not easily. Overall, I want to now thank Denys Shmyhal and the entire team of the Government of Ukraine. A great deal has been endured. The experience gained is immense. Denys, as Head of the Government, first withstood all the challenges of the COVID crisis, and then the impact of the full-scale war. The Government maintained full control of state institutions. The frontline is being supplied. Social payments have been and remain fully secured. The country’s logistics are functioning. We have made it through three extremely difficult winters during the full-scale war. Ukraine has obtained EU candidate status, and accession negotiations have been opened. Now, at a time when we must focus all state resources on defense tasks, and given the new dynamics in our relations with the United States and other partners – in the new government setup, everyone’s expertise must be used to the fullest. Denys understands all the challenges of the defense sector. Rustem Umerov will assist, in particular on the international track, with all agreements and the necessary coordination. I expect the Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine to support other personnel steps as well. Tomorrow, the respective priorities will be presented. We are also preparing changes in some diplomatic areas, at Ukrainian embassies. There were many meetings and many consultations today – personnel-related and preparatory ones, many of them, for both this week and the next one as well. Important decisions are coming – in domestic policy, and of course in the defense sector – including on our air defense. Also today, a report was delivered on Ukraine’s new sanctions decisions – we are not losing a single day in applying pressure on Russia for the war, and on all individuals who, in one way or another, support Russia or justify its aggression. New sanctions are coming soon. I thank everyone standing with us, I thank everyone standing with Ukraine! I thank the entire team of our state! Glory to Ukraine!