Fellow Ukrainians! All day today, rescue operations continued at several locations in Kyiv as debris was cleared after the Russian strike. It was one of the largest strikes. Nearly 600 drones and 31 missiles were launched, including ballistic ones. As of now, there are reports of 19 people killed in Kyiv – four of them children. My condolences go out to all their families and loved ones. This strike clearly shows that Russia’s goals have not changed. They want war – and they are striking not only our people, not only our cities and communities. Russia is now striking at everyone in the world who seeks peace. It is a strike against Ukraine. It is a strike against Europe. And it is also a strike by Russia against President Trump, and against other global actors. In Washington, we heard that Putin is supposedly ready to end the war – to meet at the leaders’ level and resolve key issues. But instead, he chooses ballistics over any real steps toward peace. He kills children in order not to talk about when and how peace will come. The problem is that he is not afraid to strike even against the leaders he makes promises to. And it is not only about the President of America. It concerns the countries that still trade with Putin – countries like China, or India, others in Asia, Latin America. With such strikes and such killings, Russia is simply drawing them into being its accomplices. Today, there were many principled reactions to this Russian evil – condolences to our people, our country. European leaders are principled in this, as are civil leaders and politicians in many countries. I am grateful to everyone in America who now felt how inhuman this strike is, and what desire for war stands behind it. Now, when everyone is trying so hard to end the war, Russia strikes ordinary houses, an ordinary city, deliberately, with swarms of drones, and then deliberately adds missiles, just to cause even more destruction. Kharkiv is suffering the same. Sumy. Kherson. Zaporizhzhia. Our cities and communities. A clear response of the world to this evil is needed. There are no deadlines that Putin would not break. There are no diplomatic opportunities that would not be ruined because of Russia. Strong steps are needed. I thank everyone who understands this. Sanctions are needed. Tariffs are needed against those who sponsor this war in one way or another. Today, I spoke with Ursula von der Leyen – in particular about the new sanctions package and the coordination of our diplomatic efforts. I also spoke with President Erdoğan of Türkiye – specifically about how this Russian strike, at this very moment and with such brutality, proves that Putin respects none of the promises he has made. The world must compel him to keep his promises, compel him to end the war. I also had a conversation with United Nations Secretary-General Guterres in the context of his preparations for meetings within the framework of the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation, which will be held in China. Unfortunately, it looks as though China is allowing Russia to wage this war. Despite many statements from China that the war must not expand and that a ceasefire is needed, no real strong steps have been taken. The global actors must be persuaded to act. The end of the war is possible – possible thanks to strength, strength and not words. Thanks to the strength of pressure on the only one who continues the strikes and drags out any settlement. Russia kills every day. Therefore, every day they must feel the pain for what they are doing. And this is possible. The world’s sanctions. Tariffs. Support for Ukraine. Our strong army. Our ability to defend lives and respond powerfully to the Russian war machine. Eternal memory to all whom the Russian state has killed. Rescuers of the State Emergency Service of Ukraine, emergency crews, utility workers, medics, police officers – everyone who is needed, in every city of our country, in every community, helping people and protecting lives. Thank you. We thank all our warriors – each and every one standing in defense of Ukraine and Ukrainians. Thank you to everyone in the world who stands with us. Glory to Ukraine!