I wish you health! Today – Dnipro. A working trip with many different important meetings. Very substantive. I visited our warriors who are recovering from their wounds. I want to thank our doctors and all the medical professionals who are saving our men, our women, our service members and everyone affected by these Russian attacks. One of the greatest results in saving lives of our people is here – in Dnipro. More than 40,000 wounded, and 96 percent were saved. I want to thank you for this – well done! Thank you to all the doctors, surgeons, and everyone providing support. I had the opportunity to speak with our warriors and present state awards. There are many such heroic men. I wish everyone a speedy recovery! I spoke with veterans – there is an awesome initiative, Titans.UA. They truly are titans. It’s important that these guys are full of energy, know how to solve problems and don’t forget their brothers-in-arms. Today, specific issues were raised – everything must be resolved. Opportunities for the rehabilitation and development of veterans in small communities must absolutely be created – and building such opportunities based on schools is a great idea voiced by the veterans today. It’s truly important to do everything possible to preserve veterans’ connections with their units, with their brothers-in-arms, and with the Defense Forces as a whole. If some opportunities for veterans to support the army aren’t working because of military bureaucracy – this absolutely needs to be changed. The Ministry of Defense will now take this on, and the Presidential Office will assist as well. It’s important that the Minister for Veterans Affairs also be involved. I’ll speak with everyone. A lot of points were raised – we’ve recorded everything. There were also personal issues discussed – particularly access to medical care – as well as more strategic ones. In Ukraine, we need domestic production of equipment and all the tools our veteran community needs for swift adaptation, for feeling useful. We talked today about rehabilitation through veteran sports – we will continue to support this. There was also an important meeting today with business representatives from our Dnipro region – which is currently the number one region in terms of contribution to Ukraine’s GDP and in many other economic areas. For this, I would like to thank everyone who is preserving and creating jobs in the region, everyone working for Ukraine and for the benefit of Ukraine. We will continue all government programs that have proven effective. There is still more we can do to support our industry – I’ve instructed government officials to fulfill what the entrepreneurs have asked for today. Ukraine’s results are shared results – the achievements of all those who have chosen Ukraine, who are actively working for Ukraine, and who are ready to do whatever is necessary for Ukraine to endure and achieve its goals. I want to thank you – I thank you all! Thank you, Dnipro! Thank you, Ukraine! Glory to Ukraine!