I wish you health, fellow Ukrainians! A few points from today. Commander-in-Chief Syrskyi’s report – the frontline, the main directions in the Donetsk region, and the Kursk operation. I want to thank all our units who, steadfastly and despite everything, are destroying the occupier, repelling assaults, and defending our positions. Diplomacy will only be strong with strong frontline positions. And we are doing everything to ensure that Ukraine’s frontline needs are met. Ukraine’s Defense Minister Umerov reported on his contacts and meetings with our partners on new support packages. Poland is preparing support packages and continues its participation in the "Czech initiative" for ammunition. Germany – we expect an expedited delivery of IRIS-T air defense systems and ammunition for them. It is extremely important that Germany understands its role as one of the greatest security pillars of Europe and the modern free world. We deeply appreciate this. The European Union – we are working at the level of EU institutions to cover existing supply shortages. The Netherlands – there is readiness to continue investing in weapons production in Ukraine. The Nordic and Baltic states – there is full support, and this means new packages, new investments in weapons production, new political initiatives that will strengthen us all – both Ukraine and Europe. I would like to thank all partners. Tomorrow, we will continue working to bring peace closer – there will be my visit to Saudi Arabia. Also, today, the meeting of our teams – Ukraine and the United States – in Saudi Arabia has been further prepared. We hope for results – both in bringing peace closer and in continuing support. And one more thing. All week long – just like every week after the shelling, after Russian strikes – our rescuers are always there, always helping our people. And we are always grateful to them – all the personnel of the State Emergency Service of Ukraine. Today, I especially want to recognize our rescuers working in the Donetsk region, particularly those who assisted our people in Dobropillya – Dmytro Aharkov, Artem Bernada, Yevhenii Osadchyi, Dmytro Litovchenko, Oleksandr Masliuk – thank you, guys! Also, Andrii Zemlianyi, Serhii Konov, Denys Sukhanov, Volodymyr Allik, Serhii Usov, and the entire State Emergency Service team in the Donetsk region. And in the Kharkiv region – Oleksii Makushenko, Kyrylo Shvachka, Andrii Oliinyk, Oleksandr Rabcheniuk, Maksym Adamovych, Roman Veretelnyk, Andrii Valuiev, Pavlo Sarancha, Andrii Tur, and Yurii Denchyk. Thank you so much! Thank you to everyone working for Ukraine and Ukrainians! Thank you to all our Ukrainian warriors! Glory to Ukraine!