I wish you health, dear Ukrainians! Today, two of our regions – Chernihiv and Sumy. A strategic area, the border with Russia. I began the day in Yahidne – just a few days ago was the anniversary of the village’s liberation from the occupiers. It’s important that many facilities in the village have been restored, new homes are being built, and efforts are being made to preserve the memory of how the Russians held the entire village in the basement of a school. One of the most cynical and inhumane crimes of this war. We will never forget it. I was also in Chernihiv, where I met with representatives of all our communities in the region. Many issues were raised – especially by the communities bordering Russia and suffering virtually constant shelling. Today, we made the decision to allocate additional funds to support all such communities – those along the border with the enemy, as well as frontline communities. Next week, government officials are expected to get this done – tangible additional funding for each of these communities to address their most urgent needs. Today, I was also in our Sumy region – one of the directions where a lot is at stake. I wanted to be here in person. I wanted to personally thank our warriors: the Air Assault Forces – the 80th Brigade, the 82nd, the Marine Corps – the 36th Brigade – and everyone carrying out missions in the Kursk region, defending our state, defending our Sumy region from the Russians’ unrelenting desire to advance into Ukraine from these directions. I want to thank all our soldiers, all our sergeants, and every one of our officers who are fighting with absolute heroism in these areas. Since August of last year, our units have been fighting on enemy territory – one of Ukraine’s most significant achievements in this war. It is entirely fair to bring the war back to where it came from. Today, we spoke with the commanders of our units in this area – discussed key needs, additional support, equipment supply, drones, operational issues. We are working to defend our positions. We know what the enemy is counting on. In any case, we will defend our state, our independence and our people. I’m grateful to all our people who are defending their homes, their communities, and their land – our land. Being here, supporting the state and the army, caring for those around you – all of this matters, all of this helps us preserve Ukraine and bring peace closer. Glory to Ukraine!