I wish you health, fellow Ukrainians! I held a Staff meeting today. Reports on the front – primarily the Pokrovsk and Novopavlivka directions, as well as the Orikhiv direction, the Sumy region, and separately – our actions on Russian territory near the border, in the Kursk and Belgorod regions. The occupiers will not feel safe there. We had a very detailed discussion about drones – we must significantly increase the use of all types of drones that help directly on the front lines. We will increasingly rely on drones and technological solutions to hold back Russian assaults and enable our active operations. I am grateful to everyone advancing this field and developing the necessary solutions. We are also continuing our work to counter air strikes. Everything related to air defense is today our top priority – air defense systems, missiles for them, and drone-based air defense. We are also preparing new agreements with partners and expect to formalize them in the coming weeks. Step by step, we are closing the funding gap for the production of drones and interceptor drones, and filling Ukrainian production lines with specific orders. At the same time, we are working with partners to ensure that production in their countries operates at full capacity as well – both for our shared defense today and for partners’ arsenals after the war. We are engaging with all leaders and countries that can help – through investment, components, or manufacturing. This week, we are preparing a meeting with members of the Coalition of the Willing. As part of the Recovery Conference to be held in Italy, Ukrainian representatives will have a concrete set of tasks focused on immediate defense – the defense of our cities and our communities. Everyone in the world can see how much Russia is relying on the use of “Shahed” drones. They have few options left to prolong the war, and Russian-Iranian drones are one of those few. I thank everyone who is helping us counter these attacks. And, of course, I thank everyone supporting our defense against Russian missiles. We are working, in particular, with the American side on the relevant decisions regarding Patriots and missiles for them. We are also preparing relevant meetings this week in Italy. I instructed Ukraine’s Minister of Defense to prepare the next Ramstein meetings in various formats, and today I’ve already discussed several options with UK Prime Minister Starmer. The UK, along with Germany and other partners, is currently keeping Ramstein operational, and in August–September we expect – very much expect – the format to deliver new steps for our Ukrainian resilience. I spoke with Ukraine’s Minister of Foreign Affairs about a special meeting with Ukrainian ambassadors – this meeting will take place in just two weeks. I expect absolutely concrete results for each region – first and foremost regarding sanctions against Russia, support for Ukraine’s defense, and drawing our partners’ attention to recovery projects in Ukraine. I spoke with the President of the National Council of the Federal Assembly of Switzerland – she was on a visit to Ukraine today. It is important that Switzerland supports sanctions pressure on Russia for the war – and we must continue to enhance everything that limits Russia’s ability to wage war. We discussed with the Swiss representative the return of Ukrainians from Russian captivity – in particular, our Ukrainian children who are currently being held by the Russian system. Ukraine counts on Switzerland joining the International Coalition for the Return of Ukrainian Children and engaging in joint efforts with Ukraine and the coalition members. I also want to recognize today Ukrainian law enforcement officers – the National Police of Ukraine, as well as the Prosecutor’s Office. They promptly investigated the circumstances of the explosion in the Zhytomyr region – in the Hlybochytsia community. Sadly, two people were killed. My condolences to their families. More than 80 people were injured, and many houses were destroyed or damaged. Procedural steps are already underway – formal suspicions have been issued. The perpetrators must be held accountable – severely, and rightly so. And one more thing. We do not forget our fallen warriors. We honor their memory and award them with state decorations. I’ve just spoken about three such men – Ukrainian warriors. Military pilot Colonel Dmytro Fisher, Azov fighter Nazarii Hryntsevych, and warrior of the 3rd Assault Brigade Vitalii Karvatskyi. The documents are being prepared to confer the title of Hero of Ukraine – sadly, posthumously. Glory to all our warriors! Glory to Ukraine!