I wish you good health, fellow Ukrainians! Throughout the day, response efforts continued across various regions of our state, from Kharkiv to Lviv, following Russian strikes. The Russians continue to use a specific tactic of terror against our state: launching saturated strikes on individual cities or regions of ours. They are trying to have the intensity of such strikes at around 300 “shahed” drones per attack. Overnight from Friday to Saturday, 339 “shaheds” were launched. By early evening today, air raid alerts resumed and "shaheds" appeared again in the sky. A significant number of them are being shot down by our warriors, but, unfortunately, not all. Moreover, the Russian army continues to use hundreds of special “shahed” imitator drones in each strike. The purpose of these drones is to overwhelm our air defense and impede the downing of “shaheds.” This is their deliberate and vile terror. Tragically, there were casualties from the Russian strike last night. Two people were killed in Chernivtsi. My condolences to their families and loved ones. Dozens more were affected – in Chernivtsi, in the Lviv region, and in Kharkiv. All are receiving the necessary assistance. There is also damage in the Volyn region. We are doing our utmost to provide Ukraine with as much equipment as possible to intercept drones and missiles. We are moving closer to an agreement – and it will be a multi-level agreement – for new Patriot systems and missiles for them. We are investing in our domestic production capacities, primarily for drones, including interceptor drones. We will continue our active drone operations on Russian territory in response to their attacks. And, as always, we will act asymmetrically – and effectively. I have just had a meeting with Ukraine’s Defense Minister Umerov. We discussed in detail our engagement with partners regarding supplies. We are preparing some unconventional steps to broaden support for Ukraine, support specifically aimed at protecting lives. We also reviewed the implementation of agreements on defense packages and the status of drone contracting. I instructed that all available volumes of the currently prioritized drone types be contracted. I also thank our manufacturers here in Ukraine, as well as our partners in the United States and our partners in Europe, for their readiness to work swiftly to strengthen our drone capabilities – both for Ukraine’s defense and for active operations against Russia. We must also bring new momentum to the work of Ukraine’s Ministry of Defense, and, in many respects, to our diplomatic work, particularly with the United States. Decisions on this will be announced shortly. I also spoke with the Chairman of the Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine, Ruslan Stefanchuk, about next week’s parliamentary sessions. It is very important that these sessions deliver concrete results. The law on multiple citizenship has already passed – and this is a significant matter, particularly for those who are fighting for Ukraine. I am very much looking forward to the unblocking of this law so I can sign it without delay. Two other major decisions on international agreements have also been prepared: first of all, the Agreement on the Establishment of the Special Tribunal for the Crime of Russian aggression – it must be ratified; and the decision to withdraw our country from the Ottawa Convention on landmines should be supported as well. Russia has never been a party to this convention and is very actively using all types of mines. And we in Ukraine need parity in protection, and that includes the political and legal foundations for such parity. In fact, the entire Central and Eastern European region, everyone bordering Russia, is reassessing their position on landmines, which is perfectly understandable. A draft law on a Military Ombudsman has also been prepared for the second reading. And this important systemic step is needed to implement the required changes within the Armed Forces. I will be grateful to all Members of Parliament who support these and other critically important decisions for our country this week. I thank everyone who stands with Ukraine! Glory to Ukraine!