I wish you health, fellow Ukrainians! A few updates for today. A report from Commander-in-Chief Syrskyi – frontline, Kursk, our positions, our actions. The brigades have everything they need. I am grateful to our warriors – the resilience of the army gives confidence to the entire nation and, of course, to our diplomacy. Today, I want to specially commend the 425th Separate Assault Battalion – thank you for your determination, guys. Also, the 225th Assault Regiment and the 71st Separate Jaeger Brigade for their operations in the Donetsk region, specifically in the Novopavlivka direction. And also our warriors of the Special Operations Forces for their actions in the Kursk region. Domestic production is a top priority. We are preparing agreements to ramp up Ukrainian arms manufacturing, with a focus on drones for the frontline to protect the lives of our warriors. There were also extensive international activities today – I had conversations with the Prime Ministers of the Netherlands, Portugal, and Slovenia, as well as the Chancellor of Germany. Thank you for the support. We are preparing for the EU summit, which will take place tomorrow in Brussels. Everyone can see how fast diplomatic events are unfolding. Today, Ukrainian and American teams began working on an upcoming meeting. Andriy Yermak and Mike Waltz held talks, and we’re seeing forward momentum. We hope to see the first results next week. We must also reignite progress on our European path, particularly concerning our European integration – clusters in the process of accession negotiations. We count on the support of our partners. And one more update. Prime Minister of Ukraine Denys Shmyhal delivered a report today on domestic matters, including financial stability. Starting March 1, Ukraine traditionally adjusts pensions – this year by 11.5%. In total, more than ten million pensioners will receive increased payments in March. I urge everyone in the Pension Fund, regional authorities, and local governments to be as attentive as possible. If our pensioners have any questions about their payments, please assist them, provide clear explanations, and do your best to support them during this time. Thank you to everyone working for Ukraine, and to everyone fighting for our country and our people! Glory to Ukraine!