Dear Ukrainians! Law enforcement officials – the Minister of Internal Affairs and the Prosecutor General – provide regular updates. An investigation is underway into the circumstances of Andriy Parubiy’s murder. Many resources are deployed – all that’s necessary. The crime was, unfortunately, carefully prepared. But every effort is being made to solve this crime. I also spoke with Vasyl Maliuk. The Security Service of Ukraine is engaged in the investigation. I instructed that verified information be promptly communicated to the public. My condolences to the family and loved ones, to friends of Andriy Parubiy. Eternal memory! Rescue efforts are still ongoing in several regions following last night’s Russian strikes. It was a massive attack. It targeted Zaporizhzhia, Dnipro, Kyiv, and our other regions. The geography of the strikes extended from Kharkiv to Lutsk. Dozens of people were hurt. In Zaporizhzhia alone, 29 have been wounded, including 3 children. One person was killed. More than 500 Russian drones were launched, and 45 missiles. A significant number were intercepted – including 6 ballistic and 32 cruise missiles. Our forces also destroyed 510 drones overnight, most of them “shaheds.” This is already the second large-scale attack by Russia this week – absolutely brazen actions, through which Russia is demonstrating that without pressure from the world, there will be no end to the war. And these are all clear signals to the United States of America, to Europe, and to the leaders who these days are in China and will be meeting with Putin. I have just spoken with Indian Prime Minister Modi, specifically about what is happening right now. Russia continues the war, continues killing. It is important that the Prime Minister of India supported the need for a ceasefire, which would clearly signal the Russian readiness for diplomacy. We expect this issue to be raised at the meetings in China. Putin is only duping leaders and drawing them into his camp. And he is staving off the threat of sanctions by doing so. Nothing else interests him. It is important that together we press Russia into ending this war. Today, Rustem Umerov delivered his report to me. He has just returned from meetings in Türkiye and the Emirates. There were also talks in Saudi Arabia and Qatar. We are working with Switzerland as well. Each of these countries has expressed readiness to serve as a platform for negotiations to end the war. I thank them for this. I am now awaiting a report from Andriy Yermak after his meetings in the United States – he spoke with Steve Witkoff. We are also preparing for meetings in Europe next week. We are doing everything to ensure a strong response to Russia’s actions. I thank everyone who is helping us! Glory to Ukraine!