Dear Ukrainians! Sumy… As of now, it is known that 34 people have been killed. My condolences to all their families and loved ones. Those were two Russian ballistic missiles. The first hit a building – one of the university buildings. The second exploded right over the street. 117 people were wounded, including children – among them, a baby girl born in 2025. Doctors and all medical workers are doing everything they can to help and save as many lives as possible. I am grateful to all the emergency services who were on the scene within minutes and began rescue operations. The strike hit right in the heart of the city. On Palm Sunday. Only completely deranged scum can do something like this. Today, many world leaders, diplomats, many ordinary people with big hearts expressed their condolences to Ukraine, to Ukrainians. They condemned the Russian strike. There are already statements from the leaders and heads of government of France, the United Kingdom, Germany, Denmark, Finland, Poland, the leadership of the European Union, the Baltic States – Lithuania, Latvia, Estonia. I am grateful to the Prime Ministers of Croatia and Bulgaria, the President of Moldova, the Prime Minister of the Netherlands, the President of Slovakia, the Prime Minister of Sweden. I am confident there will be support from many other leaders as well. I would like to thank everyone who remembers that wars end when the crimes of war are not forgotten – and when the aggressor is met with enough pressure. And that’s exactly what’s missing right now. This Friday marked exactly one month since Russia spurned the U.S. proposal for a full and unconditional ceasefire. They are not afraid. That’s why they keep launching ballistic missiles. That’s why there are nearly a hundred attack drones every night – most of them Shaheds – targeting ordinary Ukrainian cities. Russian assaults on the frontline continue as well. They do not stop attacking. They do not stop spreading hatred through their state propaganda. Only pressure – only decisive action – can change this. Every Russian ballistic missile, every cruise missile, every Russian Shahed, every guided bomb strikes not only our people and our communities, but also diplomacy – and the political efforts of everyone trying to end this war. We will continue doing everything we can to protect our people and save lives. I am grateful to all the countries and leaders who are helping us. Very important this week were the decisions on new support packages for Ukraine – after the Ramstein meeting and on a bilateral basis. Ukraine will definitely endure. We will definitely provide our state, our people, with reliable security guarantees. And we definitely remember: only together are we strong enough to achieve our goals. I thank everyone who stands with Sumy today. I thank everyone who supports one another and who does everything to defend and strengthen Ukraine and Ukrainians. Glory to Ukraine!