Dear journalists, Everyone present, We have just concluded a meeting of the Coalition of the Willing. Today’s format was expanded. For the first time, representatives of the United States of America took part in our meeting: General Kellogg, Senators Graham and Blumenthal. A total of 32 participants joined – heads and representatives of states, governments, and international organizations. I want to thank everyone for this level of engagement. It is very important that the format of the Coalition of the Willing is working – truly working – for long-term security and for protection against Russian strikes right now. I would like to extend special thanks to Giorgia for organizing our coalition’s meeting here in Rome, and to Keir Starmer and Emmanuel Macron, who facilitated our contacts in London, as well as to all the countries that joined us today. I am sincerely grateful! We discussed funding for Ukraine’s Defense Forces – to ensure that our service members feel confident. We talked about weapons production, and there will be increased investment in this area, including drone manufacturing. This is a decision. Today, we worked very specifically and in great detail on the issue of drone funding. Drones, primarily interceptor drones, as well as everything needed to repel Russian attacks and everything needed for our long-range capabilities – this is an obvious priority. I also raised the issue of additional financial support for Ukraine’s Defense Forces. We will work on this with our partners. For now, this direction remains without specifics. Everyone acknowledges that this is a war that can only be overcome through unity – and we have built the unity we need. It is important that, following very constructive and very positive conversations with President Trump, we now have all the necessary political signals regarding the resumption of aid deliveries. At the team level, we are now working to ensure that everything reaches Ukraine on time – and we have reached the relevant agreements on this. We discussed with our partners the possibility of purchasing the necessary weapons packages from Europe and primarily from the United States. We have shared the relevant details with our friends and count on their support. These packages include air defense systems and missiles for Patriot systems, as well as the Patriot systems themselves and other systems, artillery, and other types of weapons that strengthen the Ukrainian army. And very critical systems for our defense… Our intelligence, as well as that of our partners, has full knowledge that Russia will continue to prolong this war. Putin has turned down every opportunity for a genuine ceasefire and does not seek real peace. Putin is addicted to war and killing – and only real strength can force him to abandon that addiction. That is why our defense in Ukraine must be strong enough – this is what most of our meetings have been focused on. And global sanctions against Russia must be strong enough as well – sanctions must also target all those who are really helping Russia. We discussed this in detail as well. Today, we will continue dialogue with our American partners – Senators Graham and Blumenthal – regarding sanctions. In Ukraine, we are deeply grateful to the U.S. Congress and to President Trump for their support and willingness to step up pressure on Russia in the name of peace. This is essential. It is significant that we are focusing not only on the current situation in Ukraine – not only on defense during the war. We are also preparing for Ukraine’s recovery and for what life will be like after the hostilities end. I thank Italy once again for organizing this conference – bringing together more than 30 countries, hundreds of companies from around the world, as well as political and civil society leaders. Over 200 different agreements have been reached, worth more than 10 billion euros. On behalf of Ukraine, thank you all – truly, thank you. There is a new European support package worth over 2 billion euros. We are grateful to Ursula and António! There is a program from Finland worth over 300 million euros – funds specifically for recovery. There is a package from the Netherlands – 300 million euros. Germany has expressed readiness to help us with additional Patriot systems, and we are continuing these negotiations. Thank you! Today, we initiated a new coalition in support of Ukraine – the Recovery Coalition. We agreed to jointly develop the most detailed and clear recovery plan possible. This should be an internationally recognized document – one that reflects how we and our partners envision all key priorities for recovery. Such a document can serve as a real roadmap for investment, for engaging businesses, and for securing political and other forms of support for concrete steps. A decision has been made to establish a Reconstruction Fund – this will be a specifically European fund, created with the involvement of the European Commission, the European Investment Bank, and four countries: Italy, Germany, France, and Poland. We look forward to other partners joining this initiative. Thank you, friends, for your leadership – and thank you to the businesses of these countries in particular. Today, important agreements were reached with the IAEA and its Director General Rafael Grossi – agreements that are significant for Ukraine’s nuclear sector. We thank everyone who stands with Ukraine, who stands with us now in the defense of life. And thus, we thank all those whom we will also be grateful to for our joint work on recovery. This is a project for friends only. I want to emphasize once again: the recovery project is only for friends and for true defenders of life. Thank you. Glory to Ukraine! ph Working Visit by the President of Ukraine to Italy 9 July 2025 - 17:06 PreviousNext ph Working Visit by the President of Ukraine to Italy 9 July 2025 - 17:06 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International. The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine