Dear Ukrainians! Today, our rescuers dealt with the aftermath of the Russian strike on the Poltava region – on Kremenchuk. It was a combined attack, deliberately and treacherously planned to target our civilian infrastructure – specifically, our energy facilities. The Russians used different missile types in this strike – cruise, ballistic, and air-launched ballistic missiles. They also used drones – Iranian Shahed drones – to complicate the work of our air defense systems. A significant number of missiles and drones were intercepted. No people were injured. However, unfortunately, energy infrastructure was damaged. This is Russia’s spit in the face of everything the international community is trying to do to stop this war. It happened right after Putin’s conversation with Trump. After the Americans asked us not to strike Russian energy facilities. At the same time as Putin tries to portray himself as a mediator for the Middle East and attempts to somehow assist his accomplices in Tehran. The level of cynicism is staggering… Every night, Russian strikes. Every day, we lose the lives of our people all across Ukraine – in the Kherson, Kharkiv, Donetsk, Sumy regions – because of Russian shelling, because of this war that could have ended long ago if the world had reacted to Russia in a principled way instead of falling for its manipulation and lies. Today, I held a meeting with our military and government officials to discuss the consequences of the attack on Ukraine's energy sector and the steps needed to ensure our resilience. We have set specific tasks for the Minister of Energy, the Ministry of Defense, the military, and the Security Service of Ukraine. I thank everybody in the world who now pushes for the necessary sanctions against Russia. Sanctions against Russian oil and a proper oil price cap. A price cap that will actually hurt the Russian budget. Without that, Putin will continue to ignore everything the world is doing to bring peace. He doesn’t personally need peace, he himself is the war. Only a real cash shortage can convince Russia to be less dangerous to its neighbors. A few more things. The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Ukraine is currently verifying information about our citizens in Israel and Iran. I am waiting for a report. Unfortunately, there are fatalities among Ukrainians in Israel – according to preliminary data, five Ukrainian citizens, including three children. There are also other civilian casualties. My condolences to all relatives and loved ones. We hope that the threat will pass as soon as possible. And I want to recognize our employees of the State Emergency Service of Ukraine – those who distinguished themselves in responding to the aftermath of Russian strikes on our energy sector. From the State Emergency Service in the Poltava region: Denys Mandrychenko, Oleksandr Zhuravel, Serhii Broslavskyi, Andrii Buniayev, Dmytro Vasenkov, Ruslan Onopriienko, Vadym Bodyk, Serhii Memetov, Volodymyr Spodarets, Oleksandr Helman, Ivan Perepadchenko, Vitalii Neborak, Roman Listrovyi – thank you, guys! And also the rescuers of the State Emergency Service in the Cherkasy region, who assisted in the Poltava region – Oleksandr Babichev and Vadym Lytvyn. Thank you to everyone working for Ukraine, working for Ukrainians. Thank you to everyone defending our country! Glory to Ukraine!