I wish you health, fellow Ukrainians! A few key points for today. The Commander-in-Chief’s report on the frontlines – the Donetsk and Kharkiv regions, the operation in the Kursk region. I held a meeting of the Staff. Among the issues on the agenda was the formation of corps in the Armed Forces of Ukraine. There are concrete details on this matter. We will continue to strengthen our army. We are scaling up combat brigades and the right army experience. The first established brigades will serve as a basis for other systemic steps; the modernization of the army system has no alternatives. The Minister of Defense reported on communication with our partners. I also held a meeting with our diplomats – the team of the Office and the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. We are planning our international activities for February – meetings and negotiations. The key objectives are ensuring the unity of our partners – which is the foundation of everything – and coordinating our efforts in the European direction. Everyone on the continent should remember: if global issues are resolved without Europe, it will leave Europe with decisions that most Europeans are certain not to like. This also applies to issues of war and peace – the war that Russia started and the peace that we must together impose on Russia. We must do more together both for defense and for economic growth. Today, I spoke with the Prime Minister of Israel – I expressed my condolences on the occasion of Remembrance Day, Holocaust Remembrance Day. It is vital that the world continues to remember what happened and who is responsible. With the Prime Minister of Israel, we discussed the international situation, our contacts with partners, particularly with America. And I am glad to see their progress in bringing back the hostages – people who have been in captivity for so long, now they are finally returning home. And one more thing. Today, I instructed Government officials to provide a report on those American support programs that are currently suspended. These are humanitarian programs. Oleksii Kuleba and other Government officials are identifying which specific programs are currently in short supply; almost all of them were not channeled through the Government of Ukraine, but directly through our communities, through various organizations. There are many projects. We will determine which ones are critical and need immediate solutions. We can provide part of this funding through our state finances, and we will discuss some of them with Europeans and Americans. These include many areas – from communications and digitalization to support for veterans, schools, hospitals, and reconstruction. Of course, the details of the programs were not a state matter, but the Government officials will present everything to me; and the priorities, those that primarily concern Ukrainian children, our veterans, and programs to protect our infrastructure – we will certainly support priority things. I thank everyone who is helping Ukraine! Glory to Ukraine!