Dear Ukrainians! Today has been a difficult day. There were many killed and wounded in the Zaporizhzhia region: Russian bombs struck a correctional facility. The Russians knew this was a civilian site; they could not have been unaware. Sixteen people were killed in this strike. My condolences. Another 43 were injured. A brutal strike also hit the city of Kamianske, targeting the grounds of a hospital. Three people were killed, and many others were wounded. In our Kharkiv region as well – more Russian strikes, more losses. The Donetsk region faces daily strikes. Russia shows absolutely no regard for anyone in the world who wants to bring this war to an end. Just yesterday, there was a very necessary statement from U.S. President Trump. There is a lot of support around the world. But still, strikes continue, and even the demonstrative killing of our people by Russians continues. Every such Russian strike, every act of Russian boorishness in response to the world’s calls to stop the war – all this only proves one thing: pressure is necessary. More sanctions are needed against Russia, steady support for Ukraine and our defense of life, coordinated diplomacy for peace. I want to thank everyone who is working with us in exactly this way. Today, I spoke with the Prime Ministers of Canada and Denmark. Clear support. We discussed our defense and military needs. I am also grateful for their strong positions in communications with our other partners. We must see threats the same way, and we must respond uniformly. I appreciate Denmark’s stance in support of our movement toward the European Union – and for the view that the accession conditions for Ukraine and other countries must be fair. In particular, the conditions and all that was agreed in the context of Ukraine’s and Moldova’s accession. The Baltic states, the Nordic countries, and all our other friends across the continent – I want to thank everyone for supporting Ukraine. We also spoke with Mette, the Prime Minister of Denmark, and with the Prime Minister of Canada about my bill that guarantees the proper functioning of the anti-corruption infrastructure and other law enforcement bodies. It is crucial that this law be adopted on Thursday – all our partners support it. And today we discussed it with representatives of the Verkhovna Rada and government officials – the result must be ensured. Also today, Prime Minister Yuliia Svyrydenko reported to me on the draft decisions. In particular, there are budget amendments to ensure all necessary payments for our servicemembers and the families of fallen warriors. There were some details requiring legislative resolution. I expect the People’s Deputies to support it. The Government has also prepared an expansion of the 18–24 contract program, for the program to attract motivated individuals specifically to work with drones. Yuliia Svyrydenko will present this program. Today I also signed and submitted to the Verkhovna Rada a bill – in essence, a bill about respect for the servicemembers awarded the Cross of Military Merit. This is objectively a high award, but de jure, at present, the Cross of Military Merit is an honor that bears only symbolic value. We will ensure that this award brings real benefits for the warriors, and in the award hierarchy, the Cross of Military Merit will hold a place between the title of Hero of Ukraine and the Order of Bohdan Khmelnytsky. As of today, 318 warriors have been awarded the Cross of Military Merit. Each of them deserves our gratitude. I ask the Verkhovna Rada to promptly prepare this bill for voting. And one more thing. These days, the agreements are being finalized with our partners on drone funding – an additional EUR 400 million for our Ukrainian companies, for our Ukrainian drone manufacturers will land in the accounts of Ukrainian producers this week. The Ukraine–Netherlands agreement. All drone production tasks for this year are being delivered, and delivered exactly as they should be. Today I also visited a very capable company in the Kyiv region that produces our Ukrainian electronics: components for missiles and drones. I very much thanked the company employees, the team of the enterprise. When our strikes hit Russian territory, we must not forget: this is the work of many. Many companies, many people, both in the public and private sectors. It is a result of Ukrainian unity, of what works best. Best for Ukraine. Best for our people. Thank you! Glory to Ukraine!