I wish you good health, fellow Ukrainians! A quick update on today. I spoke with our military officials. They reported on the frontline and our operations. I am grateful to all our warriors for their resilience. Right now, we are working with our partners on new supplies, increased weapons production in Ukraine, and equipping our army. We already have good agreements, and we expect to reach more – we will be working on them in the coming weeks. It is vital to implement every agreement as swiftly as possible, so that it is genuinely felt there are more forces and assets, more protection for our skies, and more air defense systems. These are key priorities. We have received political signals at the highest level – good signals – including from the United States and from our European friends. According to all reports, aid shipments have been restored. We will continue our work next week with the American side at the military level, in particular, our military will be working with General Kellogg. We are also preparing new European defense packages. We expect strong steps soon, including on sanctions against Russia for this war – pressure must take effect. Today, I want to especially praise our warriors – those who stood out most during the week. Different sectors of the frontline, different units of ours– one incredibly important outcome: defense against the occupier held firm. In our Sumy region – the 95th Air Assault Brigade. Thank you, guys! In our Kharkiv region – the 42nd Mechanized Brigade, the 92nd Assault Brigade, and the 13th Khartiia Operational Brigade of the National Guard of Ukraine, who are effectively repelling Russian attempts to launch an offensive – thank you, guys! For the resilience in Vovchansk, I thank the 57th Motorized Infantry Brigade. Kupyansk direction, the 3rd Assault Brigade – thank you! Toretsk direction – the 100th Mechanized Brigade. Well done! Kramatorsk direction – the 24th Separate Mechanized Brigade – thank you! Dobropillya direction – the 82nd Air Assault Brigade and the 1st Separate Assault Regiment. Thank you very much, warriors! In the Pokrovsk direction, the 25th Air Assault Brigade has a lot to be commended for. And also in the Novopavlivka direction – the warriors of the 5th Assault and 46th Airmobile Brigades. Thank you all – our warriors! Thanks to everyone who supports them! And one more thing. I expect detailed reports from government officials and from the Office team on every agreement reached with our partners, on every expected result: what has been achieved and what is still in progress. There will be conclusions – personal, staff-related conclusions. Glory to Ukraine!