Dear Ukrainians! Emergency response operations are currently underway in Dnipro at the site of a Russian missile strike. Preliminary reports indicate it was a ballistic missile. Unfortunately, one person was killed – my condolences to their family and loved ones. As of now, five others have been reported injured. All are receiving medical assistance. Earlier today, there was an air raid alert in Kyiv due to an attack drone. Many regions have reported Russian strikes and shelling. In particular, Nikopol was hit by five Russian FPV drones – a completely deliberate strike on the city, near a food market, targeting civilians. Twelve people were injured, including one child. There were also Russian attacks on Kharkiv, Donetsk, Zaporizhzhia, and Mykolaiv regions. Sumy region continues to suffer constant attacks by guided aerial bombs. And all of this is happening nearly a month after the United States proposed a full ceasefire. Russia is clearly ignoring diplomacy and using its contacts with the world solely to serve its own interests – not to end the war. What’s needed now is tactics of pressure – pressure on Russia to end the terror and the war. I thank everyone around the world who is helping us in this effort. Ukraine’s Defense Minister Rustem Umerov is already in Brussels where a new Ramstein meeting will be held. Of course, our priority is air defense. And we already have some agreements with partners to bolster our air defense. We will continue working with every country, with every leader who can truly make a difference, so that the Russian state feels a higher cost for this war, a cost that keeps invariably growing for them. I have also instructed that our Ukrainian sanctions packages be prepared. There is relevant justification from our intelligence services. These are strong packages. They target, in particular, the shadow tanker fleet that Moscow uses to finance the war; war propagandists – those who are trying to undermine our defense and help Russia; and also certain officials – these are names well known to all Ukrainians – who used to have influence. The preparation of the relevant decrees is underway. Everything will be done step by step. We are also working to synchronize our sanctions packages with the decisions of partners – first and foremost in the European Union, as well as in other strong jurisdictions around the world. There was a report from the Security Service of Ukraine – from Vasyl Maliuk – on countering sabotage and enemy agents. I want to thank the Security Service of Ukraine for protecting our state. I also held a meeting with Deputy Prime Minister Kuleba – we are preparing support for our communities, as agreed with them. Today, I was presented with specific data – which communities will receive assistance and the possible amount of funding. The Cabinet of Ministers will make the relevant decision shortly. Glory to Ukraine!