I wish you good health, fellow Ukrainians! There were several good reports today. Just now, the Chief of the Defense Intelligence of Ukraine reported on some of our operations. The details are not public. As we agreed yesterday with the Government, the reboot of ARMA has begun. ARMA is an institution that holds assets worth tens of billions, and it’s Russian property, confiscated assets, and those belonging to sanctioned entities. All assets must work to the fullest extent for Ukraine’s defense and for the resilience of our state. Prime Minister of Ukraine Yuliia Svyrydenko and Minister of Defense of Ukraine Denys Shmyhal have fulfilled the assignment regarding the 18–24 contracts – we are significantly expanding the pool of people who can join the Defense Forces. These are motivated individuals, young people, and they are being recruited specifically for the technological frontline – for drone operations. It’s a two-year contract, with all the benefits of the 18–24 program, very competitive pay, and full training, exactly as needed. We will work through our brigades. The Government has also expanded opportunities for our arms manufacturers, our possibilities to attract loans, so that production can deliver more and more output, more and more results for our Defense Forces. And a third important point – we continue working with our partners on weapons supply. The Minister reported on communications within the Ramstein format. We have preserved this format, and I’m deeply grateful to all our partners for its effectiveness. Today, I also approved the main principles of our agreements with America – between Ukraine and the United States – on weapons. These are large-scale agreements. I have discussed them with President Trump, and I am very much counting on us being able to implement them all. This will undoubtedly strengthen both of our countries, and therefore, our allies and our partners. We highly value America’s principled steps to pressure Russia for the sake of peace. It is precisely now that action is needed to force Russia toward peace. Yes, Moscow wants to keep fighting. But the whole issue comes down to potential, the whole issue comes down to resources for war, to money. That’s exactly why sanctions are useful. That’s exactly why pressure can work. We are also currently preparing our new talks and our new meetings with our partners at various levels. The goal is the same: to strengthen the positions of Ukraine and everyone striving for peace. A few more important things. A report was delivered by the Head of the Security Service of Ukraine, Vasyl Maliuk. I want to express my gratitude for the efforts to counter Russian agents and Russian saboteurs. There are strong results. Everyone who chooses to side with the occupier must feel the just force of Ukrainian law and order. There was a report by Commander-in-Chief Syrskyi: the Pokrovsk direction, our other areas in the Donetsk region, as well as our Kharkiv and Sumy regions, and the southern directions. There are units that deserve special mention. The warriors of the 71st Separate Jaeger Brigade of the Airborne Assault Forces, operating exactly in the Sumy region. They are very effective in eliminating Russian forces. The 225th Separate Assault Regiment – this very unit liberated Kindrativka in the Sumy region. The Pokrovsk direction: I also want to thank the warriors of our 25th Separate Airborne Brigade and the 14th Brigade of the National Guard of Ukraine for their steadfastness. I want to thank everyone who fights and works for Ukraine! Each day of our defense is an investment by our people, by many Ukrainians, into Ukraine’s independence. To endure now, to protect our state and to defend Ukrainian national interests, is to guarantee that Ukraine is and will remain independent. Glory to Ukraine!