I wish you good health, fellow Ukrainians! Today has brought several important decisions. First of all, I have signed decrees today awarding the titles of Hero of Ukraine to Nazarii Hryntsevych and Dmytro Fisher. The nomination and all relevant documents for Vitalii Karvatskyi have also been prepared. The decree will be issued once the necessary evaluations are complete. And it is important that the bestowing of state awards and special ranks on our warriors be faster and more thorough. Unfortunately, both the warriors themselves and their families currently have to wait far too long for their well-deserved awards due to various checks and bureaucratic procedures. The responsible officials must speed up these processes. Today, I held a meeting with our military leadership: the Commander-in-Chief, the General Staff, the Ministry of Defense, and the Security Service of Ukraine – regarding the situation at the front and our operations, including those on Russian territory. I am grateful to all units of our Defense Forces, the Security Service of Ukraine, and our intelligence agencies for their results in exerting pressure on the occupier and blocking Russian logistics. Also today, I instructed Ukraine’s Minister of Defense and the Commander-in-Chief to intensify all contacts with the American side. We now have the necessary political statements and decisions in place, and we must implement them as quickly as possible to protect our people and to defend our positions. It mainly involves air defense, as well as all other elements of supplies from the United States. These are critical supplies upon which the lives of our people and the defense of Ukrainian cities and villages depend. I expect results from these engagements in the very near future. In particular, this week we are preparing meeting formats for our teams – both military and political. Today, the Chief of the Defense Intelligence of Ukraine reported on Russia’s vulnerabilities. We also discussed the exchange process – implementation is ongoing for the agreements reached during the second meeting in Türkiye. We are working to free as many of our people from Russian captivity as possible. There was also a report from the Minister of Foreign Affairs on the upcoming meeting of all Ukrainian ambassadors, scheduled for July 21. Clear tasks have been set for the diplomats, as well as several Reform steps within the Ministry of Foreign Affairs system – these will be presented by the Minister. We are preparing to significantly expand the capabilities of Ukrainian diplomacy. I also spoke today with the Chairman of the Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine. It is necessary to ratify the Agreement on the Establishment of a Tribunal for the Russian Aggression, to unblock the signing of the law on multiple citizenship, and to formalize Ukraine’s withdrawal from the Ottawa Convention on landmines. I am grateful to all Members of the Ukrainian Parliament who support these and other essential decisions, and it is important that votes on them take place as soon as possible. And one more thing. We are also continuing our sanctions work in Ukraine. Today, we have a package of sanctions against companies from China that, unfortunately, supply components for Russia’s weapons production, particularly for Shaheds. There is clear evidence of this. The details are found in the remains of downed Shaheds. We will also discuss this with our partners so they align with Ukraine’s sanctions. There is also a new decision to synchronize European sanctions within our jurisdiction – three more EU sanctions packages are now fully in force in Ukraine. We will continue to strengthen our pressure. I thank everyone who is helping us! I thank everyone who stands with Ukraine! Glory to Ukraine!