I wish you good health, fellow Ukrainians! A lot happened today. There were military reports, including from the Commander-in-Chief. Our counteroffensive operation in the Donetsk region – Pokrovsk and Dobropillia sectors – continues. For the Russians, it was one of the most important axes of their offensive, but they failed to mount a full-scale offensive there – our army is destroying their forces. The Russians have suffered heavy losses, and our state’s exchange fund has been significantly replenished – every day adds new Russian prisoners of war. I want to thank all our units involved: the 79th and 82nd Air Assault Brigades, our assault units – the 1st, 33rd, 225th, and 425th Assault Regiments, and the 14th National Guard Brigade. Thank you, warriors! In Kupyansk and the surrounding areas, we are defending our positions – I thank all the brigades. Also, there will be our new deep strikes in retaliation to Russia's actions. I held a Staff meeting today. The main topic was on the production of our weapons. We have a clear understanding of volumes – what our army needs till the end of the year, as well as what it will need next year, and what we need to have in stock to continue our defense and to maintain our sufficient strength. Of course, this includes sufficient funding for weapons production here in Ukraine, and co-production together with our partners, and deliveries to Ukraine of what our partners manufacture. Starting this year, we will cover the deficit in financing weapons production, in particular, through controlled exports of certain types of our weapons. Via such controlled exports, we will increase the production of drones for the front line. We will have the funding. We can produce certain types of weapons – modern weapons – in much larger quantities than we can self-finance, and we already have certain types of weapons in much larger quantities than we actually need today in Ukraine. For example, naval drones that the world counts on and that we have in surplus, as well as anti-tank weapons and some other types. This means the first priority is the front – supplying our brigades. The second priority is our Ukrainian arsenals. And only the third priority is this kind of controlled export. Within two weeks, a concept for three new export platforms will be presented. One platform will be for export and partnership with the United States, another platform will be for our European partners, and a third one – for other global partners who are also interested in Ukrainian weapons and who have supported Ukraine in certain ways. It is vital that they also assist us so that we can support them in return. Currently, it is the Ukrainians, it is the Ukrainian companies and the Ukrainian army that have one of the strongest experiences in modern warfare – and this is largely about cutting-edge weapons and advanced technologies. Ukraine will not engage in “gun charity” – helping those who don’t care about Ukraine. We are ready to work with those who have truly supported us and our independence. Naturally, there must also be reliable export control – so that Russians and their accomplices do not gain access to Ukrainian technology or our weapons. Our Ukrainian companies, particularly arms manufacturers, have raised this issue repeatedly. There is significant global interest in joint projects with Ukraine for weapons production. There is also a clear demand for our weapons. Accordingly, it is due to controlled exports that we can accumulate funds to produce more of what our army truly needs. And one more thing that strengthens our army. I thank the parliamentarians for passing my bill on the Military Ombudsman. This is about real protection of our warriors’ rights. The law has already been signed and published. And today, I signed a decree to put the law into effect – a decree establishing the Office of the Military Ombudsman. The regulations for this institution have also been approved, and I will appoint Olha Reshetylova – a person well-known to our warriors – as Ukraine’s first Military Ombudsman. Ahead of us is the launch of this institution and its systemic work. It is important that this is felt at every level of Ukraine’s Defense Forces – we are taking measures to strengthen our army, and we are also taking measures to strengthen the warriors in our army. I thank everyone who is helping! I thank all those who are working for our Ukraine and all those who are fighting for our state. Glory to Ukraine!