Dear Ukrainians! Right now, in Shostka, in our Sumy region, recovery efforts are still ongoing after Russian bomb strikes. A great deal of work was also done today in Pavlohrad in the Dnipro region and in other cities and communities that were hit. Everyone affected is receiving the necessary assistance. In the Dnipro region, emergency responders are also currently rescuing the wounded after an Iskander missile strike on Velykooleksandrivka. Unfortunately, that strike also claimed lives. My condolences to all the families and loved ones. We will definitely respond to Russia in a way that they will feel. Today, I received a report from Ukraine’s Minister of Foreign Affairs covering a range of issues. The first was sanctions: we discussed the synchronization of sanctions. It is very important that the new EU sanctions package is also supported by other free European countries that are currently not part of the European Union. We will continue the process – a very important one – of synchronizing sanctions – and not just those European – within our jurisdictions. I instructed that this work be carried out as swiftly as possible. We are also working on the American track: there are agreements with President Trump that must be implemented as soon as possible. Ukraine is committed to maximum productivity. This includes our agreements on air defenses and a new arms agreement with the United States. We are ready both to purchase the necessary weapons and to export high-tech Ukrainian weapons to the United States, especially drones, which have proven to be highly effective in this war as life-saving tools. Our officials have also stepped up efforts on interceptor drones. I expect additional contracts to be signed next week. Today, I also spoke with the Secretary of the National Security and Defense Council, Rustem Umerov. The composition of the NSDC has been updated. And we are already preparing the first decisions by the new composition, including on sanctions. Those decisions are coming soon. We are also developing measures to boost economic relations; we will discuss the details tomorrow with Prime Minister Yuliia Svyrydenko. We are preparing decisions for Monday. A few more important matters. Dialogue with the Russian side on prisoner exchanges is ongoing – we are continuing to implement the agreements reached during the earlier meeting in Istanbul. Our team is currently working on another exchange. NSDC Secretary Umerov also reported that he has proposed another meeting with the Russian side for next week. The pace of negotiations must be increased. Everything must be done to achieve a ceasefire. And the Russian side must stop hiding from decisions. Prisoner exchanges. Return of children. End to the killings. And a meeting at the level of leaders is needed to truly ensure peace – a really lasting one. Ukraine is ready for such a meeting. And one more thing. We must all remember that our state’s independence is built on the resilience and patriotism of our people, our Ukrainian heroes – heroes of different generations who have defended and continue to defend Ukraine. I thank each and every one of you who is now at the front, on combat missions, at combat posts. I thank everyone who is helping. We honor and will never forget our fallen warriors. I have signed decrees conferring the titles of Hero of Ukraine – sadly, posthumously – on Soldier Oleh Yarovyi and Junior Sergeant Vitalii Karvatskyi. They were our exemplary warriors. Both inspired their brothers-in-arms and truly had done everything to defend Ukraine. I have also signed a decree awarding the Order of Freedom – it is one of Ukraine’s highest honors – to two boys from Berdiansk – our Berdiansk, which is now temporarily occupied by Russia. Tihran Ohannisian and Mykyta Khanhanov. They were just 16 years old. They never betrayed Ukraine and valued freedom so deeply that they became a symbol of it for many. They were killed, and the Russians have not even returned their bodies to their families. Eternal memory to them! Ukraine will definitely defend its independence. Glory to Ukraine!