Dear Ukrainians! Right now, in the Sumy region, doctors are providing all necessary assistance to those wounded by a Russian strike. Rocket artillery against an ordinary city – the Russians struck right on the street, hitting ordinary residential buildings. Sleazebags. Tragically, four people were killed by this particular strike. My condolences to their families. Nearly 30 people were wounded, including three children. Throughout the day, there were air raid alerts, and there were strikes across almost the entire territory of our state. There have been virtually no days without killings during this whole time, while the United States, Europe, and other global actors have been urging Russia to agree to a ceasefire and negotiations to end the war. Russia remains fully committed to war – and they prove this commitment of theirs with both their strikes and their statements – all of this is the argument for new sanctions against Russia, tough sanctions. I want to thank all Americans, all Europeans who support this approach – the approach of pressuring Russia into peace – and it is extremely important. Putin does not change his behavior when he does not fear the consequences of his actions. Russia must feel what war truly means. Russia must bear the losses from the war. They must really feel that continuing the war will have devastating consequences for them. Today, I had various meetings regarding our international communications – we are constantly working with our partners to ensure that the killings are stopped and that Ukraine is protected in the future. I gave some instructions today to the Minister of Foreign Affairs of Ukraine and the Minister of Defense of Ukraine. Currently, the Ukrainian delegation, led by Yuliia Svyrydenko, the First Deputy Prime Minister, is already working in Washington. Alongside her are Head of my Office Yermak and the teams of the Government and the Office. There are many meetings scheduled for this week. Our goal is to implement as quickly as possible everything agreed upon with President Trump. The cessation of killings, real peace, and economic cooperation with America. We are offering the United States very concrete and mutually beneficial agreements. I thank everyone who is helping. Today, I held a detailed meeting with our military officials: Oleksandr Syrskyi, Andrii Hnatov, Mykhailo Drapatyi, and Minister of Defense Rustem Umerov. Mykhailo Drapatyi will focus exclusively on combat issues and has been appointed Commander of the Joint Forces – so that he can concentrate on the front one hundred percent. As for the Land Forces system, especially tasks like training, preparation, changes in the Territorial Centers of Recruitment, and everything related to this – another person will handle that. Today, we also approved the appointment of Oleh Apostol as Commander of the Air Assault Forces, and Robert Brovdi as Commander of the Unmanned Systems Forces. This also means a greater focus on combat issues. The successful experience of the best brigades must be scaled across the entire army. Vadym Sukharevskyi was appointed Deputy Commander of the Operational Command East, and his primary task is the modernization of this command. Ihor Skybiuk was appointed Deputy Chief of the General Staff. And a few more things. Today, I met with Rafael Grossi, the Director General of the IAEA. We talked about the obvious security challenges created by the Russian occupation – specifically the situation at the Zaporizhzhia NPP. We are doing everything possible to prevent any radiation or other incidents. Unfortunately, the Russian occupation has created problems the world had never faced before. I thank everyone in the world who, despite everything, is helping us keep this situation within safety limits. And no matter how difficult it is, we must restore normal Ukrainian control over the plant. We also discussed Ukraine’s energy sector, particularly our nuclear generation. I am grateful for the willingness to assist with completing our Khmelnytskyi NPP and developing uranium extraction in Ukraine. Also today, together with Olena, we met with wonderful Ukrainian children and presented them our new award – the state award “Future of Ukraine.” It is specifically intended for children – children who saved someone else’s life, who help defend Ukraine, who have shown such personal strength and determination that it’s hard to believe they are just children. Today, the first 20 awards were given. And may this become our national tradition. We are doing everything for Ukraine. We are proud of our people. We thank everyone who is helping. And it is always a pleasure to give special thanks to the Security Service of Ukraine – well done! Glory to Ukraine!