Glory to Ukraine! Dear Ruslan, Honorable Mr. Speaker! Dear Attendees, Esteemed People's Deputies of Ukraine, Esteemed Members of the Government, and all those present! Today marks the already 1,240th day of the full-scale war. Ukraine has been standing against Russia in this war for its independence longer than anyone in the world expected. At the same time, from day one, we have maintained full control over our national institutions and all the systems of a truly functioning state. We are supplying the front, which is very important. We are only expanding our domestic Ukrainian weapons production. We are conducting our own defense operations on the enemy’s territory and inflicting tangible pain on Russia for this war. We have already made it through three winters of full-scale war and defended Ukraine from Russia’s ambition to destroy our energy system. We have preserved all the logistics Ukraine needs. We have built and continue to maintain, despite all turbulence, a global coalition in support of our people, in support of Ukraine, and we now have the largest number of friends and partners of Ukraine with the deepest ties in our state’s history, in every part of the world. We have secured EU candidate status for Ukraine and have begun accession negotiations. Ukraine must be ready on all negotiating clusters, and the future course of accession talks will depend solely on the European Union’s ability to deliver on its promises. For the first time in Ukraine’s history, new models of intergovernmental defense cooperation have been established and are functioning – such as the Danish model, which involves foreign investment in Ukrainian defense production. And these are large-scale projects worth billions of dollars. We are fulfilling all our social obligations, and even in a time of full-scale war, we are implementing pension and other social payments indexation. Ukraine has sufficient gold and foreign exchange reserves and all the foundations necessary to pursue an independent policy and continue defending our statehood, sovereignty, and independence. Every one of these facts is the result of the patriotism and effectiveness of specific people. It is the result of our warriors, who are heroically fighting for our state and destroying the occupier. It is the result of every man and woman in our state who is working for Ukraine’s defense and resilience – for the sake of making it possible for Ukrainians to live. It is the result of all those who save and protect lives in Ukraine. I am proud of all our people – of the millions of Ukrainians who stand with their state. And it is the result of the work of the state itself. I thank the Government officials led by Denys Shmyhal. Thank you very much, Denys, for going through this path and doing so with dignity. And I thank each of you, esteemed People’s Deputies of Ukraine, who have supported and continue to support the work of the Ukrainian Government. I want to repeat once again: today marks the already 1,240th day of the full-scale war. We all want peace as soon as possible, and we want that peace to be truly just for Ukraine. At the same time, we all see how difficult it is to maintain sufficient global support, and how many other wars and crises are flaring up around the world, truly scattering global efforts. Therefore, Ukraine needs more of its own strength. We are transforming the management of the defense sector and weapons production so that within six months, the share of Ukrainian-made weapons available to our warriors will noticeably increase. Currently, about 40% of the weapons in the hands of our warriors are made in Ukraine. In six months, it should be no less than 50%. The renewed Ukrainian Government must audit all agreements, contracts, and memoranda with partners in defense, arms production, and all resilience programs to fully implement all commitments in Ukraine’s interests. There will also be new agreements with the United States of America that will strengthen Ukraine’s positions, and for which changes in diplomatic work with America are needed. We must guarantee our warriors' confidence in the supply of the Defense Forces, and for this, we are increasing, in particular, Ukraine’s internal economic potential. And this is impossible without three things. First, maximum deregulation, elimination of all bureaucratic barriers, and unnecessary state institutions whose functions simply duplicate each other. Second, maximum unleashing of Ukraine’s social forces and involvement of partner potential for economic growth in Ukraine. Third, justice, meaning, in many ways, new, stronger approaches to punishing those who encroach on Ukrainian statehood and who steal Ukraine’s potential. The renewal of the Cabinet of Ministers of Ukraine and the overall Ukrainian Government system will ensure the implementation of these tasks. Ukraine will gain more of its own strength. I am grateful to Yuliia Svyrydenko. Thank you, Yuliia, for effectively operating programs that support Ukrainian manufacturing and Ukrainian entrepreneurship. This experience, Yuliia has gained in advancing our Ukrainian resilience and economic growth, must be continued and scaled up as a priority for the Government of Ukraine I count on the Government’s action plan to be presented as soon as possible and implemented on a daily basis. Each day must bring results for Ukraine. The Defense and Security Forces of Ukraine will continue to receive all the necessary resources to defend our state and to protect our people. We will strengthen the negotiation track to ensure a just end to the war and guarantee real security for Ukraine. The digitalization of all processes and public services will be further advanced. I expect the Government to offer more specific content within the Heroes' Policy: support programs for veterans and families of Ukrainian warriors. I also expect the Government to streamline and adopt a much more realistic approach to social policy in Ukraine. Also, together with Government officials, our diplomats, and the National Security and Defense Council, we are preparing a new level of defense cooperation with key partners. Ukraine will be among the world’s leading security donors and weapons manufacturers. With the aim of fully and promptly implementing these tasks, I have submitted, at the proposal of the parliamentary faction that holds the rights of the coalition of parliamentary factions in the Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine, a motion for the appointment of Yuliia Svyrydenko as Prime Minister of Ukraine. And I ask that this motion be supported. I also ask that the relevant candidacies for other members of the Government of Ukraine, which will be submitted by the Prime Minister of Ukraine, and the candidacies for Minister of Foreign Affairs and Minister of Defense of Ukraine, be supported as well. I thank everyone who stands with us, who stands with Ukraine! I thank all who work for the sake of our state and our people! Glory to Ukraine!