I wish you good health, fellow Ukrainians! Today, there was a lot going on throughout the day – both in internal work and in external affairs. There was a visit to Ukraine by the Minister of Foreign Affairs of Türkiye – we discussed diplomacy with him; we discussed all the real opportunities that exist and those that must be created. Currently, to be honest, neither we in Ukraine nor Türkiye, as the host country, have any information about Russia’s so-called "memorandum." For some reason, the Russians are concealing this document. Frankly speaking, this is an absolutely bizarre position. There is no clarity about the format. Apparently, they in Moscow have completely lost the habit of diplomacy. They keep doing things to prove that they are the most inadequate actor in the world. But that is precisely what convinces everyone that new pressure is needed – pressure on Russia. My conversation with President Erdoğan of Türkiye is also scheduled for today. We are trying to add real substance to a potential meeting. Not a single day must be lost, because every day of Russia undermining diplomacy costs human lives. Today, I also had a meeting with U.S. Senators Graham and Blumenthal. It was a good meeting. I thank them for this support – support of Ukraine, for the bipartisan support, for their support for diplomacy, and for their efforts to bring moral clarity to the situation. It was Russia that started this war. It is Russia that must stop the killings and the destruction of lives. It is very important that this is voiced in the media, that this is voiced in Congress, and that this is voiced in all the world’s influential offices. If Russia continues to speak in the language of ultimatums, if they try to blackmail the world with the continuation of war, Russia must receive a strong response – a response from the United States, a response from Europe, a response from everyone around the world who wants peace and who, by the way, has declared their support for a ceasefire and for diplomacy. I thank everyone in the United States who is working for a dignified and just peace, and for peace as soon as possible. Also today, together with Minister of Foreign Affairs Sybiha and the team of the Office of the President, we coordinated meetings and coordinated negotiations for next week with our EU partners. Maximum efforts in all areas of work – this is a task for everyone. And one more important thing. For quite a long time – and unfortunately, more out of inertia than sincere commitment – Ukraine has marked Children’s Day on June 1st. Although each year, more and more civil society organizations and educational institutions have been focusing on Universal Children’s Day, which is marked in the fall, on November 20th. I have signed a decree that aligns Ukraine’s practice with the global one. It was precisely on November 20th that the Declaration of the Rights of the Child was adopted in 1959, and the UN Convention on the Rights of the Child in 1989. But what we will do soon in June – in the early days of June – is we begin to award not only adults who have distinguished themselves, but also children. The bravery of Ukrainian children, their resilience, and often the maturity of our children truly deserve recognition and gratitude. There will be a special award in Ukraine – “The Future of Ukraine” – and Olena and I will present it for the first time next week to the bravest of our boys and girls. To those who helped save people. Who showed extraordinary personal resilience. And whom we can all only be proud of. Next week, I will personally thank them on behalf of all of Ukraine, and we will make such a distinction, such an expression of gratitude, our new tradition. I thank everyone who stands with Ukraine! I thank everyone who defends our state and all our people. Glory to Ukraine!