I wish you good health, fellow Ukrainians, Our active diplomatic week continues – we are working at all levels. Also today, an important Parliamentary Summit of the G7 concluded, and Ukraine was represented. The Chairman of the Verkhovna Rada, Ruslan Stefanchuk, met with the Speakers of the parliaments of Canada, the United States, France, Germany, the United Kingdom, Italy, as well as with the President of the European Parliament. Everyone supports us, Ukraine, our defense, and our pursuit of a reliable and lasting peace. I want to thank them for that. Overall, in my opinion, this week has been very productive. Europe, the United States, Canada, Australia, New Zealand, Japan – that is the geography of support and activities just for this single week. The Coalition of the Willing – 35 countries. 26 countries are involved in security guarantees for Ukraine, and these are substantive commitments on land, in the air, at sea, and in cyberspace, as well as financial support for our army. The most important thing is a sufficiently strong Ukrainian army, so that Ukraine’s independence and sovereignty are fully guaranteed. And that means weapons for our army, long-term funding for the Ukrainian army. Many of these components have already been agreed upon with partners as a baseline. We are also creating new joint weapons production. For the first time in history, Ukraine has begun building a joint plant with Denmark, on Danish territory, and it will produce components for our missiles and drones, weapons that are already proving highly effective. During this war, Ukraine has already reached the level where nearly 60% of the weapons we have, weapons in the hands of our warriors, are Ukrainian-made, and they are strong weapons, many of them cutting-edge. Of course, there are goals we must still achieve, in particular, the production in Ukraine and together with Ukraine of air defense systems, of different types. It’s a challenge. And we must get there as well. Ukraine has already proven that, in weapons production, we are among the best in the world. For that, we thank everyone who is developing Ukraine’s defense sector, designing new models of Ukrainian weapons, and I want to thank all our people driving the technological advancement of our country. Next week is also expected to be quite active. And among other things, we are preparing for the Ramstein format. We are also working to secure new contributions from partners to the PURL program. This is a program we truly need: thanks to it, we purchase American weapons, and it already involves over two billion dollars. We will continue increasing this funding. And among the top priorities in all our work with partners is stronger air defense, protection against Russian “shaheds,” against Russian missiles. Right now, Russian attack drones are again in our skies – our air defense is responding. There were strikes today in Zaporizhzhia, Kherson, and our other cities and communities. Every day this Russian threat persists, and that means every day we must make Ukraine stronger. That is exactly what we are doing. I thank everyone who is helping! We thank everyone who is defending our state! Glory to Ukraine!