Dear Ukrainians! Key points of the day. Today's night and morning were devoted to rescue operations after a Russian drone attack. In total, over 50 drones of various types were involved, and a significant portion of them was shot down. However, there were still several hits. Tragically, people were killed. my condolences. these “Shahed” strikes on houses in Brovary and Hlevakha – these are drones already produced in Russia. Initially, Iran transferred ready-made “Shahed” drones to Russia, but later they mastered their own production in Tatarstan – one of the national territories that Moscow still controls. And although these “Shahed” drones are technically Russian, they still could not have been produced there without foreign supplies. Every such “Shahed”, like every Russian missile, is built using foreign components – critical components without which Russian terror would be impossible. Thirty-one “Shahed” drones last night means approximately 2635 components from other countries: chips, switches, transceivers. All supplies of any components for terror to Russia must be cut off to stop this terror. And this applies not only to protecting lives in Ukraine. Right now, Russian “Shahed” drones are hitting our people's homes and infrastructure, but at any moment, the Russians can move the terror to any other country – wherever they are ordered to. And now different countries are already facing incidents with drones on their territories; while everyone in the world has already seen how warfare is changing due to drones. We must consciously and fundamentally deprive regimes like Russia of such terrorist capabilities. And absolutely all those who help Russia develop its terrorist potential, circumvent sanctions, and build weapons production facilities – they all must be held accountable. And today I would also like to thank all our warriors who ensure Russia's responsibility and justice for us in Ukraine: our warriors delivering long-range strikes on Russia's territory – on military facilities. Our army, Special Operations Forces, special services: the Security Service of Ukraine, the Foreign Intelligence Service, the Defense Intelligence – all those who contribute to Ukraine's long-range capabilities – I thank you! I want to particularly commend all our employees of the Foreign Intelligence Service of Ukraine, all those who diligently serve to carry out the tasks of the Foreign Intelligence Service. Today is the Day of our Foreign Intelligence. I honored our intelligence officers with awards and thanked them for their service. We will continue developing the capabilities of our intelligence. And one more thing. I held a meeting of the Staff today. On several issues. The report was made by the Head of the Foreign Intelligence Service on Russia's military potential and Putin's readiness to continue the war and manipulate world leaders, and in particular, he wants to manipulate the desire of the President of the United States of America to achieve peace. I am confident that no Russian manipulations will succeed anymore. And another topic of today's Staff meeting is the provision for all our units on the front line: this is weapons, this is people. I thank everyone in our state who is addressing this issue responsibly. Glory to Ukraine!