I wish you health, fellow Ukrainians! Today is the day of many talks and consultations with our partners. I have already spoken with Chancellor Merz, President Macron, European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen, IMF Managing Director Georgieva, and Albanian Prime Minister Rama. We also welcomed Romania’s Foreign Minister here in Ukraine today. This was her first visit to Ukraine since taking office. And here is what is important in all these talks. First, all partners understand who must take steps to end this war. This is Russia's war, this is Russia's aggression, and it is Russia that must agree to a ceasefire and engage in real diplomacy that can guarantee peace. Ukraine has unequivocal support, and I am extremely grateful to all our partners for that. Everyone also agrees that Russia's war against Ukraine is a war in Europe and against Europe. Every decision that will be made to end this war and guarantee security truly concerns all of Europe, not just one country. That's why Europe's voice must carry weight in the processes. And we are coordinating with our European leaders both regarding our conversations and our meetings to align all positions, and also regarding the work of each of us with other leaders to ensure that Europe’s positions are safeguarded. We are planning certain meetings on the continent. Third, everyone knows for sure that in Russia, all key decisions are made by one person. And that this person fears U.S. sanctions. And that it is just that Ukraine be a participant in the negotiations. Russia’s war is against Ukraine, against our independence as the embodiment of the independence of every European nation. So the format of meetings, of leaders’ meetings, is, in particular, a trilateral format. And we discussed this in detail yesterday – several bilateral formats, the trilateral format, all the options. I am grateful to President Trump for his openness to seeking real solutions. Here in Ukraine, we are confident that this war can be ended with a lasting peace. But every step must be carefully considered to hit the mark. There are positive signals from the IMF regarding their readiness to continue supporting Ukraine. Likewise, we are receiving clear and positive signals from the European Union. Thank you! Today, there will also be a meeting of security advisors from Ukraine, other European countries, and the United States – President Trump's representative will be there. All the details will be discussed. We need truly coordinated and thoroughly developed approaches in diplomacy. Later today, I will also speak with the President of the Council of Ministers of Italy, Giorgia Meloni. She always offers valuable advice. I thank everyone who stands with us, who stands with Ukraine! And let us remember: the world stands united behind us as long as we remain united in defending Ukraine, our national interests, and our independence. We are doing everything to end the war with peace, a dignified peace. Glory to Ukraine!