Thank you everybody. Thank you. Wow. These crowds.  These crowds are terrific. Thank you very much. In six days, we are going to win the great state of Florida and we are going to win back the White House. That will happen. But you have to get out, you have to vote. We have to get out there.

We don't want to blow it. That I can tell you, because we have worked very hard, all of us, you, me, everybody and it's very historic what's happening. I'd like to begin today by thanking all of you for joining me. This has been an incredible journey and we've all done it together. We're almost at the end.

But we're really at the end of the beginning, if you think about it. Are we? The end of the beginning. Our Magnificent historic movement has surprised the world and defied expectations at every single turn. And now, next Tuesday, we will have one last glorious surprise for the pundits, the politicians and the special interests.

When we win and return the power back to the people, that's going to happen. Going to happen. It's been the honor of my life to share this journey with you. It has absolutely been. There are two people however, who I did not really get to share this with. But they were in my thoughts often and that's my mother and my father.

Great people. I had great parents. Great parents. I know they're up there watching. I just felt that nice breeze, it's hot. But I just felt that nice breeze so they're helping us out. And I just want to say, thank you to both of them. Special, special people. I've had a great life and now I want to give back to the country that I love.

It's time, we have to -- we have to give back, folks. I've seen how the career of politicians, the big donors and the special interests have bled this country dry and stripped our middle class and stripped our companies of its jobs and its wealth. But we're just six days away from delivering justice for every forgotten man, woman and child in this country.

Justice for every child trapped in poverty in the inner cities. For every family that's born and you know that, they've been born into a situation in some cases, they can get out of it. We're going to get him out of it. We're going to get him out of it. We have endless wars. Every community's hopes and dreams have been shattered and we're not going to let that happen.

Our inner cities are going to come back and they're going to come back strong and you're going to see what I mean. And the African-American community and the Hispanic community are really understanding what's going on and you see that right now. You see that right now and what's happening at the polls. We're winning in Florida, we're winning in Ohio, we're winning in Iowa, in North Carolina.

We're doing great in Pennsylvania. A lot of people are saying, Pennsylvania is looking very good. So many different places. We just got a poll with three up in Virginia. But we are seriously up in Florida. That's very important. So. And I will never ever let you down. Real change begins with immediately repealing and replacing Obamacare, a disaster.

A disaster. It is a disaster. It's just been announced that the residents of Florida are going to experience a massive double digit premium hike.  I will not tell you what the number is. I know the number very well but I want you to leave happy. You don't want to hear the number. Go home, relax, wake up good and strong.

Tomorrow morning, you'll learn, you're not going to like it. In the great state of Arizona, where we just left, premiums are going up more than 116%. Over 90% of the counties in Florida -- and by the way, in the primaries, I won 66 out of 67 primaries. That's good. I was going to try and exaggerate to say, I won them all but I can do that.

Over 90% of the counties in Florida are losing Obamacare insurers next year. They're leaving. They're all leaving. In Minnesota, where the premium increase will be close to 60%, the Democratic governor has said, the Affordable Care Act is no longer affordable. Obamacare is a total catastrophe. Yet Hillary Clinton wants to double down on Obamacare making it even more expensive.

I'm asking for your vote so we can replace Obamacare and save health care for every family in Florida. So important. Real change also means restoring honesty to our government. As you know, the FBI has reopened its investigation into Crooked Hillary Clinton. Hillary wants to blame everyone else for a mounting legal troubles.

And I don't see if you watched her last few speeches over the last few days. She has become totally unhinged. Unbelievable. What she's saying and what she is doing, it actually it's unbelievable. But she has no one to blame but herself. Hillary is the one who set up the illegal private e-mail server to shield her criminal activity.

Hillary is the one who engage in a corrupt pay for play scheme at the State Department. Hillary is the one who lied so many times to Congress and to the FBI. Hillary is the one who made 13 phones disappear, some with the hammer and who destroyed 33,000 e-mails after, after, after, after receiving a congressional subpoena.

Think of that. Unbelievable.  And as you know, they just found -- listen to this one and I guess, you know it, 650,000 e-mails. And I would say that, classified, confidential. I think they're probably all over the place. I think they're -- I think they're going to find a treasure trove.

I can't even imagine. In fact, they said, "Well this is OK. They're duplicates." How can they be duplicates? When it's many more times what we thought was stolen in the first place. Right? You know, when they deleted 33,000, I thought that was a lot. They have 650,000? Hillary is the one who accept the debate questions, given turn advance and use them to cheat.

Instead of reporting the breach. That's a big deal. You know, to me, that's a big deal. Some people say, "Oh, that's fine." That's a big deal. That's really -- that's a real cheater. OK? That's a cheater. And she was given the questions by a woman that frankly should resign from the DNC or be fired.

But that's a really big deal. And you know, to say never the -- the dishonest press back there. The most dishonest people.  You notice? They never go after Hillary. They always talk about Donna Brazil. Donna Brazil didn't do it but -- can you imagine if I got? Can you imagine? They gave the questions to Donald Trump before a debate.

You know, it would be the electric chair. They'd reinstitute the electric chair. No. It would be headlines all over the world. This isn't headlines. I bring it up. It's brought up a little bit, but this isn't like a big deal. She got the debate questions and answers but she got that debate questions prior to of debate.

Now Bernie Sanders should be angry, right? Shouldn't he be angry? I'll tell you what for? The system is rigged. The system is rigged. I've been saying it for all -- it's rigged and we're going to straighten out but the system is rigged. Hillary is not the victim. The American people are the victims of this system.

So corrupt in so many ways and this is your one chance to change it. Because you know what? In four years, not going to happen. There's no way. The numbers won't work. In four years, is no way. Hillary Clinton is the most corrupt person ever to seek the presidency. And if she were to be elected, it would create an unprecedented constitutional crisis.

Mean, before you go into phase two, let's call what happened on Friday phase two. Phase one she's so guilty. She shouldn't be allowed to run for the presidency. That's why I say, the system is rigged. She shouldn't be allowed to run. But I have a feeling, in the 650,000 e-mails, they're going to find things that you will not even believe.

Who knows? Six hundred and fifty thousand e-mails. No wonder, she can't do anything. No, no. How do you work? How do you do it? Six hundred and fifty thousand. They'll have to explain that to us someday. But they'll have some things in there that I can just imagine are going to be, unbelievable. Hillary is likely, to be under investigation for many years.

Probably concluding in a criminal trial. Out today, WikiLeaks just came out with a new one. Just a little while ago, it's just been shown, that a rigged system with more collusion, possibly illegal between the Department of Justice, the Clinton campaign and the State Department. You saw that. The emails show that the assistant attorney general, who's involved in the investigation, has been feeding information directly to John Podesta and the Clinton campaign.

Do you believe that? She shouldn't be allowed to run.  By the way, behind me the great Johnny Damon, The Curse of the Yankees, but ultimately he helped the Yankees, Johnny Damon. Stand up. Stand up. I'll tell you, George Steinbrenner was a good friend of mine. He didn't like Johnny too much.

Then he ultimately signed them and then he was fine. He did great. But Johnny Damon was a champ. He was a winner and he loves this area. You know that. My contract with the American voter begins with a tough ethics reform and it ends. I'll tell you what? We are going to end. We have no choice. We really have no choice.

Government corruption, it's going to end. I want the entire corrupt Washington establishment to hear and to heed the words we all, will say, right now. When we win on November 8th, we are going to Washington D.C. and we are going to drain the swamp. At the core of my contract, is my plan to bring back our jobs.

Florida has lost one in four of its manufacturing jobs since NAFTA. A deal signed by Bill Clinton with the support of Crooked Hillary. America has lost, and this is so hard to believe, 70,000 factories, since China entered the World Trade Organization, another bill and Hillary backed disaster. We are living through the greatest jobs theft in the history of the world.

A Trump administration will stop the jobs from leaving America and we will stop the jobs from leaving Florida. They're leaving. We're going to stop it. And you have an excellent governor by the way. He's fighting hard for you folks. I don't know -- I don't know. All I can tell you is he is a worker.

He is a worker and he's fighting very hard. The theft of American prosperity will end and it'll end I'll tell you. We are -- it is being stolen from us folks. It is be -- we have a one way highway right into Mexico right into other countries and we're going to stop it. From now on it's going to be America first.

America first. Going to be America first.  A Trump administration we'll renegotiate NAFTA and we will stand up to foreign product dumping currency manipulation and all of the unfair subsidy behaviors. It's horrible what's happening to us. Our politicians don't have a clue.

They don't know what they're doing or other things. OK. We will also immediately stop the job killing Trans-Pacific Partnership. As part of our plan to bring back jobs, we are going to lower taxes on American business from 35% to 15%. We're the highest taxed nation in the world. Killing our jobs. Our companies are leaving, killing our jobs.

We will become a rich nation once again. But to be a rich nation, we must also be a safe nation. In Orlando, the murder rate, doubled. You know that, doubled last year. Could you believe it? We will support our police and I met your police of Orlando. They are unbelievable people. And they've been through a lot.

I met the police and these are unbelievable people. We will bring this crime wave to an end. We will also keep our communities safe from terrorism. Just a short time ago, Orlando was the victim of the worst mass shooting in American history during the Islamic terror attack on the Pulse nightclub. It was also the worst attack on the LGBTQ community in our country's history.

Can't let it happen. Can't let it happen. Hillary wants to increase by 550% Syrian refugees pouring into our country.  Her plan would mean generations of terrorism, radicalism and extremism. Spreading in your schools and throughout your communities. When I'm elected president, we will suspend the Syrian refugee problem.

And we will keep radical Islamic terrorists the hell out of your community. Got to keep them out. And we'll build safe zones in Syria. We have to help the people. We're going to build safe zones but the Gulf states haven't been doing their thing. And believe me they have plenty of money. They'll help us. They'll fund it. I'm sure they'll be thrilled.

They're going to be funding it and that'll be OK. We want to help people but we -- we have enough problems in this country. We don't need Orlando and with the problems. We don't need what happened in San Bernardino. We don't need what's happening in Paris, in Nice, in -- in Germany which is a disaster. We don't need it. We have enough problems right now.

Do we agree? We have enough problems. We don't need it. A Trump Administration will also secure and defend the borders of the United States. And yes we will build a Great Wall.  We've received the first ever endorsement from our ICE and Border Patrol officers. Great people.

The officers that warn, that Hillary's plan is the most quote, radical immigration proposal in United States history and that it will lead to the loss of thousands and thousands of lives, quote. As Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton allowed thousands of the most dangerous and violent criminal aliens to go free because their home countries were intelligent, they wouldn't take them back.

We'd bring them to their countries, murderers, drug dealers, gang members. We'd bring them to their countries and their countries would say, "Get them out. We're not taking them back." They'd call up the State Department and the State Department under Hillary Clinton would say, "Oh, bring them back. We don't want to make waves." I guarantee you.

Whether it's four years or eight years, that will not happen once under a Trump administration. Hillary wants totally open borders and strongly supports sanctuary cities like San Francisco where Kate Stanley, credible young woman, was murdered by an illegal immigrant who had been deported five times. A Trump Administration will cancel all federal funding to sanctuary cities immediately.

We will end illegal immigration, deport all criminal aliens, the ones we just spoke about and we will save American lives. We will also repeal Obama Clinton's defense sequester and rebuild our very badly depleted military. That includes major new investments in resources for Pensacola Naval Air Station at MacDill Air Force Base.

You ever hear those places? Pretty good places. A lot of people here. Lot of people. I'm honored to have the endorsement of 200, more than that now, much more than that. Top Admirals and Generals and 22 Medal of Honor recipients. Great people. I've met so many of -- their incredible. Incredible people. Our new foreign policy will put America first.

Hillary and our failed Washington establishment have spent $6 trillion on wars in the Middle East that we never won and that never end. And it's now in worse shape than ever before. The Middle East is a catastrophe, it's far worse off than had we spent nothing. They've dragged us into foreign wars that have made us less safe.

They've left our borders wide open at home and they've shipped our jobs and wealth to other countries. And just it's disappearing, our country in a certain sense is disappearing. Prosperity, real prosperity is disappearing. We owe $20 trillion. Our trade deals will lose $800 billion a year on trade. We have trade deficits think of that.

Who negotiates these deals? You know, who does? Stupid people, stupid people. With very stupid leadership, who by the way, they campaign all the time. He's campaigning right now for crooked Hillary. Why is he campaigning? She's under federal investigation and you got a president campaigning for her. And that's all he does, his campaign.

He ought to be working on your jobs and leaving and going to Mexico and your military. I'll tell you what? First of all, she's got bigger problems. But four more years of Obama? We can't take it, folks. Four more years of ISIS that's what it is. Four more years of no jobs. Now, she wants to start a shooting war in Syria in conflict with a nuclear armed Russia that could very well lead to World War III.

Russia's heavily armed doesn't like her. Putin does not respect her. Doesn't like her. What are we doing, folks? She's a mess. To all Americans, I say, it's time for new leadership. Just think about what we can accomplish in the first 100 days of a Trump administration.  Thank you.

So beautiful over there. I just noticed the water. Let's go in for a swim it's about 200 degrees up here. Anybody want to go swimming? Let's go. We are going to have the biggest tax cut since Ronald Reagan and Hillary wants to increase your taxes by a tremendous amount. You know, we're already the highest tax nation in the world.

She wants to increase your taxes if you can believe that one. We're going to eliminate every unnecessary job killing regulation. Killing your companies, killing them. One of the reasons they're leaving. Cancel every illegal Obama executive order. We're going to rebuild our military and take care of our great, great veterans.

They're not being taken care of. You know that. A lot of veterans here. We're going to take care of our veterans, finally. They have been mistreated for many, many years. We're going to support the men and women of law enforcement. We will save the Second Amendment which is as you know, under tremendous siege.

We will appoint justices to the United States Supreme Court who will uphold and defend the Constitution of the United States. We will show the world that there is no challenge too great, no dream outside of our reach. There's no dream, no dream outside of our reach. We have all these people telling us what to do. Politicians, they know nothing.

I've dealt with them all my life, folks. All talk no action. I mean, look, I have some friends that are politician so let me just say, there are some good ones OK? They're some good. I'll tell you what? You take a look at the media. These are the most dishonest people anywhere.  These are the one.

They, the media, the media is a part and one of the vital cogs in the rigged system under which we live. They're a big fat cog in them and -- and they never show the crowds, they never show what's happening. But you know what? You hear. When you hear 20,000 sometimes 30,000, when you hear people, sounds like you're in an Ohio State football game.

They never show it. They never show it. They never show it. People of Florida we love you. All we have to do is cut our ties with these failed politicians of the past. Hillary is a candidate of yesterday, we are the movement of the future. We are. We're asking for the votes of Republicans, Democrats, independents and first time voters of which we're finding out there are many.

You probably heard over the last couple of weeks, Texas is in play. Texas. That Georgia is in play. And I'm saying, "Gee, that's too bad. Let me tell you, they're setting records in Texas. And they're voting for Trump just so you understand that. And they know. But when they see those numbers come in, they don't want to announce them.

But we are winning like almost everywhere. I think, give us two more days, I think we're going to be winning everywhere. And I'm almost starting to think that the least important problem that Hillary has is the fact that we're winning. I think she's got perhaps bigger problems and even that. We're fighting for every citizen who believes that government should serve the people not the donors and not Hillary's special interests.

We are fighting to unlock the potential of every American community and every American fan who hope and pray and yearn for a much better future. I am asking you to dream big -- I've got to dream big. Because with your vote, we are just -- can you believe this? Six days away. Think of it. From the change you've been waiting for your entire life.

We're going to work together. We're going to vote. You're going to vote now or you're going to vote by the 8th. But you're going to vote. Thank you. I love that girl. He's a tough guy but he just screamed out you're going to win. We're going to win. Thank you man. We have great, great love. You know we're in a divided nation.

We are a divided nation. We're not going to be divided. We're gonna have such love in this country. We're going to have such love and such respect. Together we will make America wealthy again. We will make America strong again. We will make America safe again. And we will make America great again. Thank you very much.

Thank you folks. God bless you everybody. God bless you. Thank you. Get out and vote. Get out and vote. Thank you.