Thank you. Wow. Wow. Thank you. Thank you.  Thank you, Connecticut. Great people. Thank you. Something big is happening, folks. Something big happening something big. You know, you think this is bad? You want to go outside? You have thousands and thousands of people. Would anybody like to volunteer to give somebody outside your place?

Yes?  I'm shocked. Look, I love Connecticut. I've lived in Connecticut. I have so many friends in Connecticut. How do you lose General Electric? How did you lose General Electric? Bad governor. You got a bad governor. Any governor that would lose General Electric hasn't done his job, let me tell you.

Bad governor. You know, before we begin, I just want to say that it's my honor. I've always loved this part of the world. I've always loved this state. Many years lived in Connecticut. If they get the taxes down, I'll come back immediately, OK? I'll come back. Believe me. But you know, I was called a month ago by Make a Wish.

We all know Make a Wish. An unbelievable outfit. Great, great people, right? They're great people. And they said there's a young man who wasn't feeling the best and he wanted to meet Donald Trump. Now, that's a problem because he's really, really smart but in this case, maybe he could have done better, right?

But his wish was to meet Donald Trump. And we set it up and I said you know what, let's do it. They live in Fairfield. I said I'm gonna be up in Connecticut. You know, we're making a big move for the state of Connecticut just so you understand. Normally, normally that wouldn't happen because a Republican, in theory, doesn't win Connecticut and all that.

We have the head of the Republican Party here right here, right there. Good man. But we're gonna put a heavy vote because look, your taxes are through the roof, too high. I'm gonna read some statistics to you. You're not gonna believe it. But before I want to do that, Giacomo Brancato, 18 years old. He looks like a movie star.

I said Giacamo, you're feeling great and he's in remission. He is an unbelievable young man. I just was with him backstage. So I want to bring Giacamo with his family, the Brancato family and give him a big hand. So I said, if I introduce you Giacomo, with all those cameras -- look at those cameras. They're the worst human beings in the world.

The worst.  The worst. The worst. But I said, if I introduce you with all these cameras, you, with that look, will end up being a movie star. This family is gonna be a whole group of movie stars. Look at the family. Giacomo say a couple of words to this wonderful group. My friends.

He doesn't want to leave the stage. You see? All right. Giacomo, I want 10% of everything you make. I want 10%, right? So we have a big election coming up. Never more important than this one. We have Supreme Court justices and it could be a record number appointed by the next president. And could be a record number.

It's probably going to be three. We already have one, Judge Scalia. Justice Scalia passed away. It wasn't expected. That's what happens. Wasn't expected. We could have as many as four, maybe even five. If Hillary Clinton, Crooked Hillary.  Crooked.  Terrible.

You know what we're saying right, folks? You know what we're saying. By the way, 33,000 missing e-mails. Think of it. 33,000. Now, she said that it was for the wedding, Chelsea's wedding. I give that five or maybe 10. And she said yoga classes, right? I give that two. What happened to the rest? And now, you see they're coming out galore.

Now, they had a thousand come out and they had a couple of more come out. And now, it's finding out that it's pay for play, which is illegal, a 100% illegal. I used to say just a couple of weeks ago, let's just beat her on November 8th. But you know what, you have a point. You have a point. So the press is protecting her.

They are.  The press is totally protecting her. Do you ever notice, she comes out, reads her speech and then goes away for a little while? No press conference in what, 255 days or something like that. No press conference. And when she had like a friendly group of people asking her questions, that didn't work out too well.

That didn't work out too well. And when she said it was short circuited, I saw that. I said, you know, that's gonna be a disaster. What she just said is a disaster. That's gonna be headlines tomorrow in the dishonest newspapers. And lo and behold, it wasn't. And then again, it wasn't and it wasn't we bring it up. Can you imagine if Donald Trump said I was short circuited up here?

This would have gone on for years. This would have gone on -- I would have been given probably a death sentence. Probably, they would have reinvented the electric chair, right? No, it's very unfair. I'll tell you honestly. I'm not running against crooked Hillary Clinton. I'm running against the crooked media.

That's what I'm running against. It's true. I'm not running against crooked Hillary.  True. We're all running. You know, we're together. We're together. We have something that's going on that's unbelievable.  Get him out. Get him out. Get him out of here. Get him out of here.

We have a movement going on. Look at this, as an example, you have a room that set every record tonight, by the way. It's been around for a while. We put some loudspeakers outside. You have even more people outside than you have inside. It's a Saturday night in Connecticut. You do have other things to do, I know that.

But what's better than being at a Trump rally, right? Make America great again. Make American great. So --  Every time I go home my wife said, I saw you on television. How was the crowd? They never showed the crowd. They don't want to show the crowd. They don't want to show the crowd.

I was in Pennsylvania yesterday, we had crowds that were so massive. Same thing. Turning away thousands and thousands of people. People that want jobs. Hey look, we have people in this room, amazing people. We have amazing -- we have everybody. We have amazing people. We have some people in this room that made more money 18 years ago in real wages than they're making today.

And today, they're working two jobs. Not you, right? Not you, yes? It's all right. They're working harder. They're older. You know it's supposed to be the other way around. We're going to bring jobs back to our country. Fast. Fast. We are not gonna allow our companies to move to Mexico and other places, fire everybody, hire people from other countries, make your product, sell it into the United States and there's no retribution.

Let me tell you something, folks. We are going to change -- yeah, we're gonna build the wall. Don't worry about it. We're gonna build. the wall. We're gonna build the wall. We're gonna build the wall, build the wall and ready? Ready? I think you've heard this. And by the way, this is 100% certain, OK? I'm telling this to Giacomo.

I might lie to you like Hillary does all the time, but I'll never lie to Giacomo, OK? All right, Giacomo? You hold me to it. We're gonna build the wall. But who, who, who is gonna pay for the wall?  100%. All right. Giacomo heard me. Don't worry about it. I'm not nervous, Giacomo.

You're not gonna have any problem. So these politicians come up to me. You know, we had the debates and I know all the politicians. I used to be establishment. I used to give millions of dollars to politicians. Who knows the system better than me? Believe me, I know the system. And then one day, I said maybe I'll run.

And they all said no, no, no. Don't run. Don't run. The politicians all said don't run. We love you, Donald. Don't run. I was an insider. I went from being an insider to an outsider in about two seconds. And I ran and I was told that this is the most talent filled in the history of Republican politics. And here we are folks, here we are.

And a lot of politicians would come up to me and they used to say, Donald understand strong borders and we have to have strong borders. Do you remember in June 16th I talked about illegal immigration, right? Illegal immigration. The border patrol agents, 16,500 endorsed me. Sheriff Joe, Sheriff Joe Arpaio endorsed me. That tells you.

Sheriff Joe. And by the way, the fact that it's about 190 degrees in this room makes me appreciate the people of Connecticut even more so. Man. It's great. But I love it. It's like a workout. You go home, you lose five pounds. I say what happened? It's like -- this is like a sweat suit I'm wearing. But you guys have been here for hours.

You've been here for three, four hours. How the hell do you do that? How did you do it? Man. These are amazing people. So here's the story, folks. So the politicians they said to me very strongly -- oh, don't worry about them. Don't worry. Oh look, the cameras are turning. Oh look, the cameras turned. Wow.

Oh, that's great. Those cameras never ever return unless it's a protester. Because see, a protester is considered a bad thing for Trump. Oh, he had a protester. So I didn't think they could turn. But when there's a protester, they like pretzels. They can turn. Giacomo, they can turn like pretzels. Look. Did you believe that all the cameras were turned?

Oh, what a bunch. I'll tell you in particular lately, we have a newspaper that's failing badly. It's losing a lot of money. It's gonna be out of business very soon. The New York Times, OK? I love it. And they wrote a story today, anonymous sources have said -- three anonymous sources, anonymous this, anonymous that.

They don't use names. I don't really think they have any names, OK? But anonymous sources have said -- there are no anonymous -- you know, with my campaign, I'll be honest with you. It's me. It's me. They never called me. They don't call me. But these are the most dishonest people. The good news is I love -- you know, I put down failing at New York Times.

The newspapers go into hell. They've got a couple of reporters in that newspaper who are so bad with -- I mean, lack of talent, but it's going to hell. So I think maybe what we'll do, maybe we'll start thinking about taking their press credentials away from them. Maybe we'll do that. I think so. I think so. You know, when they write dishonest stories -- you can't read them.

There's so much. You can't read them. There's so much. I'd be reading all day long. When they write dishonest stories, we should be a little bit tough. Don't we agree? You know. Real garbage. They're garbage. It's a garbage paper. OK. So here's the story folks, talking about garbage, talking about garbage, talking about garbage.

You have a governor in this state who's done a very poor job. Poor job.  And he's backing crooked Hillary Clinton. He's a Democrat. And many of you are Democrats, but I know you're voting for Trump. How many people in this room are Democrats? It's a lot. And how many people are voting for Trump?

Yes? Yeah. I'll tell you folks, I may be wrong. And on November 8th, I'll say, I guess I was wrong. But there's something going on. People are sick and tired of incompetent presidents like Obama. He's totally incompetent. They're tired of a press that doesn't tell the correct story, all right? The media, the dishonesty.

They're tired of crooked Hillary Clinton for years and years, it's gonna be the same thing. Four more years of Obama. Four more years of ISIS. Four more years of high taxes. Did you see? Hey, did you see what she did? She came out with an economic plan. Now, I have to be honest. I'll tell you, I'm no fan of The Washington Post either although, they've been much nicer lately, I must say.

I banned them about two months ago. But maybe I'll let them back in. They've been much better. He say, no. Don't bother. Probably -- you're probably right. But the Washington Post did a big front page story on crooked Hillary and it was done about a week ago. Washington Post -- I'm only taking one page. It was a big story.

As Senator Clinton promised 200,000 jobs in upstate, upstate New York, which, by the way, is a disaster area, OK? I love those people. They have lost so much. They are great people. And they're with Trump, I think, like 100%, OK? I won New York State in a massive landslide. And by the way, I won Connecticut in a massive landslide.

So it says here, as senator, I'm adding one word, crooked Clinton promised 200,000 jobs in upstate. I'll tell you who got the jobs, her consultants got the job. In upstate New York, her efforts fell flat. Look at that. OK, you got it cameras? Now, they're turning away. You see now they're turning. They don't want to see that.

They don't want to see. No, they don't want to see that. But her efforts fell flat. And I'll tell you the story because I was there. She was running for the Senate. She made all sorts of promises and the promises were not kept, OK? They were not kept. And New York State, upstate New York became a disaster area.

What happened is the jobs left for Mexico and other places. She couldn't get anything passed except the name on a small building someplace. She had no power in the Senate. People didn't respect her. She had no strength. She needs the right temperament. She's a weak temperament. Although the secret service agents said she's essentially crazy.

So I think I believe her. And these guys know her pretty well. But you know, she said -- I don't know if you heard her not so long ago. Reading off a teleprompter I assume. She goes -- you never see her stand up in front of 8,000, 9,000, 10,000 people without a teleprompter? Now, maybe. I don't think so. But she's reading off and she said, I don't like Donald Trump's tone.

I don't like Donald Trump's tone. And I thought about it. So Giacomo, she said she doesn't like my tone. Giacomo likes my tone. So she said I don't like Donald Trump's tone. And I'm saying to myself, you know, and I went to the press with it because they asked me about it. I said we have people in the Middle East whose heads are being chopped off, especially if they're Christian.

We have people being drown in steel cages. We have people being buried alive in the sand. And this politician, this no-change politician, she won't change a thing is saying she doesn't like Donald Trump's tone. She has ISIS. It has developed like wildfire under our incompetent President Obama. I saw the other day they were in eight countries.

Now, they think it's 28 countries during his period. 28 countries, right? They're going like wildfire. But they were in eight and now, they're in 28. And I actually said to the press and I said to a big group of people, it's the opinion of myself and a lot of people that he was the founder of ISIS because of his weak policies.

And because he failed, he failed because he failed to get him out, because he failed to do something about it. And I said but they wouldn't let that go along that he is gonna be presented over the next short period of time with the MVP award from ISIS. Most valuable player. Now they didn't put that down.

You know if they did, crooked CNN -- CNN is so disgusting. CNN. Oh look, their camera just shut off. Their camera just went off. That's funny. I got to know all the cameras. All those red lights on. You know what, I just said CNN is disgusting. And by the way, their ratings are going down big league. You know why?

Because I refuse to be interviewed and I get high ratings, what can I tell you? But I refuse and it's a constant hit on Trump. And people are saying, what is it? No matter what you do, no matter how good it is, they make it a hit. So CNN took this story and we said right, the founder and we said the MVP, well they cut it off.

So I said, I said Barack Obama is the founder of ISIS. Then I talked about -- you're all screaming it over here, right? Then I talked about receiving the most valuable player award. And I said about her receiving the most what, right? Yeah, the most. Her, you can keep. Who the hell cares? But look, receiving the most valuable player, so they cut it. So they have it. Donald Trump said that he is the founder of ISIS.

Then they debated for two days. I think, he's wrong. I think -- these people are so dishonest. The media and I loved her. It's like the baby. They said I threw a baby out. It turned out I didn't throw out a baby. In fact, the mother went on television saying how she loves me. I love that mother. So look, here's the story folks.

Remember this. You got to remember this. Because she came out with a plan to very substantially raise your taxes, that's all you need in Connecticut more taxes. She is going to raise your taxes. She's going to raise your regulations for your businesses, which is gonna put everybody out of work. Obamacare, she wants to keep and make it more expensive.

And you'll get a half -- by the way, you are going to have increases come November the likes of which you have never seen on your horrible Obamacare. Remember, keep your plan? Keep your doctor? All a big lie. Remember the scam artist a young, semi smart guy that came out and he scammed the public and he was bragging to his friends.

Unfortunately, one of them had a camera. He was Gruber. Gruber, my man. He remembers. See the problem is people forget but I won't let him forget. Gruber, what was his first name? Jonathan Gruber. You're very good. Jonathan Gruber. And what school did he go to? He taught at a school. Jonathan Gruber from MIT.

My uncle was in MIT. For many years, a teacher at MIT, professor. Jonathan Gruber of MIT mark it down. Remember, he said the whole deal is a scam? And he was bragging to his friends. I don't know what kind of a friend but he had his cellphone running. I don't think it's a good friend. But you know what, probably his so-called friend was even incensed at it. Jonathan Gruber of MIT said Obamacare is essentially a scam.

So now, in Texas, just recently, through BlueCross BlueShield, they announced almost a 50% increase, almost a 50% increase. Now, what's gonna happen is on November 1st, remember this folks, on November 1st, they are going to announce earth-shattering, election-shattering, an increase that's so big that you will never ever in a million years vote for Hillary Clinton.

But remember this. They want to delay and I tell you this to the Republican Party you better get tough. They want to delay until December 1st, till after the election. Don't let it happen. So here's a story. Washington Post, she did not fulfill what she said. It's a wasteland. What happened and what she did was a disaster.

The people in upstate New York hate Hillary Clinton. They hate her. She lied to them. She lied to them. She lied to them. You have to go up there. Her husband, Bill Clinton, who, by the way --  Remember what he said he did not have sex with that woman? Then a couple of weeks later.

Oh, you got me. Oh, I'm so glad they kept the dress. I'm so glad they kept that dress. All right? It's great. You know why? Because it shows what the hell they are. All right? It shows what they are. So here's the story. As Senator Clinton promised 200,000d -- now here's in the New York Post very recently by a great writer Steve Kwanzaa, how Donald Trump helped save New York City.

Long before Donald Trump stamped his name in gold on buildings around the world post his snarky midnight tweets. That's true. And joined the race for the White House, he was New York's most important and bravest real estate developer. I did a good job. I did a good job. Whatever you think about his political views, all right I understand that.

But they say, or his campaign -- they say it's crazy. It's pretty wild let's face it. Trump doesn't get enough credit for being a transformative planner, who is in love with the city of New York. I'm also in love with Connecticut, by the way. I'm really, really in love with our country.  Trump waded into a landscape of empty Fifth Avenue store fronts -- by the way, New York City was a disaster you remember.

Nobody wanted to invest. It was over. Remember President Ford said go to hell. It was over for New York. It was gonna go down the tubes. Trump waded into a landscape of empty Fifth Avenue store fronts, the Dust Bowl muggings and ground around Central Park and a Wall Street area seemingly on its last legs as companies moved out.

Does that sound familiar? Companies, companies were moving out like crazy, which was then a remote offshore island. Few other developers built anything but plain vanilla office and apartment buildings. Trump, almost by force of will, and by the way, he is a great writer, is a tough writer, a very smart guy, tough critic.

Trump, almost by force of will, road to the rescue expressing wrath. That's what we're gonna do for the country folks. Now, this is a long article. And then it talked about a lot of the jobs that I've done. Expressing rare faith in the future, he was instrumental in kick starting the regeneration of neighborhoods and landmarks almost given up for dead.

Now, in all fairness, because you know -- hey look, I have like 80 people. She's got a thousand. They're hiring like crazy. We're doing great. We're raising a lot of money. I'm putting up my money for me. I'm raising money for the Republican Party. I'm raising money for the Republican Party but I'm -- you know, in the primaries, I put up my money.

Here, I'm putting up a lot of money folks. I got a lot of money in this. Boy, I'll tell you what. But I'm not gonna be controlled by lobbyists. I'm not gonna be controlled by special interest.  So here's the story. She is totally controlled by the hedge fund people, who I know very well. These are -- they're fine.

But these are not nice people. These are not people that say, I'm doing this for the good of the country. They're doing this for the good of themselves. And when they give $2 million, $3 million, $5 million, $10 million to crooked Hillary Clinton, they're gonna get a lot back and it's gonna be a lot more than that.

And what's gonna happen, what's gonna happen, remember this. They are gonna make deals that are bad for our country but good for them, including deals where certain companies can move to Mexico and other places because a lot of them are own by these guys. And you know what folks, if I get in that's not gonna happen, OK? Because I couldn't give a damn for it. So here's what happened recently.

Campaign contributions from hedge funders, right? You see the nice picture I used of Hillary. How pretty? Pretty. See how pretty she is? Now, they gave me a very bad picture of her. They gave me a picture that wasn't representative of what Hillary looked like. And I said, I'm not using that picture. I probably should have but I'm a true sportsman, right?

So I said we have to use a nice picture. But here's the bad part of the picture. $48,500,000 received from the hedge funders and that's the Center for Responsive Politics. Very respected, right? So it's $48,500,000 for Hillary. $19,000 for Trump and I'm trying to figure out who the hell gave me the money.

I can't believe that they gave it. I'll probably give it back. All right. Want to see it now? Total national debt. So when Obama became president, he has now doubled our national debt. And I'll tell you, I'll tell you the problem with that. By the way, I -- you didn't get what I said. But I loved when CNN turned off its camera as soon as I started telling you what sleaze they are.

I just -- I love it. That camera -- folks, can you imagine having it on live television? But you know the good thing, nobody is watching them anyway so probably. Look in the corner of that room. They even have people standing behind the cameras. You know what. If it were up to me, I'd move those damn cameras the hell out and let the people see properly.

I'd move them out. So here's our president, here's our president, who is, by the way, going to go down as perhaps the worst president in the history of this country. Believe me. Believe me. So here's our president, he's doubled our national debt and yet, our country is a mess. Our roads haven't been built, our infrastructure, our tunnels, our bridges, our hospitals.

Nothing is working. We have bridges, many of them are in danger of falling down. You see the reports. So we have this massive debt. We've taken in money. He's wasted it. I'll tell you I saw one where I was in a certain community three four, days ago. Great. I'm not gonna mention the community because they're heavily in favor of Trump.

They're building a Veterans Administration hospital, not a real big one. They're $1.2 billion over budget. Hospital. How many builders are here people. Can you imagine? $1.2 billion over budget. Now, I would be willing to bet that some of those subcontractors and contractors -- I love our contractors. I love our subcontractors, but we have to be smart.

Because they're smarter than people that went to Harvard and Wharton and Yale. And some of them don't even speak the language well, but they're smarter. So this is a hospital built in our country, not so far away, $1.2 billion cost over. What about that? And this is just standard. I'm building a hotel on Pennsylvania Avenue, right next to the White House.

I said, I don't give a damn. I'm coming to Pennsylvania Avenue one way or the other. Trump International. It was the Old Post Office Building. It was the old post office building. It was one of the most beautiful buildings in the country. Can you imagine I got it through the Obama administration. Does that tell you how good I am? Does that tell you?

I actually told my people. I said no, no we won't. It was one of the most hotly contested jobs in the history of the GSA. And by the way, the GSA people are very professional. We have some very good people in government. With a little leadership, this country is gonna sail. It's gonna be so beautiful. It's gonna be so beautiful.

Anyway, we're building a very, very complex super luxury hotel. It's gonna employ a lot of people. It's almost finished. It's more than one year ahead of schedule and it's substantially under budget. Is that nice? OK. Is that nice? Wouldn't it be great if our country could do things where they're ahead of schedule and under budget?

That's like -- you know, it's a little bit like. I say it, I spent -- with all the money I spent -- in the primaries, I spent over $50 million. Now, I'm spending a fortune for the general election. Oh, you better elect me folks. I'll never speak to you again. Can you imagine, can you imagine how badly I'll feel if I spent all of that money, all of this energy, all of this time and lost?

I will never ever forgive the people of Connecticut. I will never forgive the people of Florida and Pennsylvania and Ohio, but I love them anyway. We'll see. I think we're gonna do very well. You know, you know, we had a thing in Europe. Now, I have a lot of investments in the United Kingdom, great investments and great, great things.

And you remember Brexit and they all went. And as you know, the U.K. took a big vote. They took a big vote and it was a vote that ended up exactly as I predicted. Yeah, you can get her out. Get her out.  You know she looks just like Hillary Clinton actually. Is that Hillary? Hillary, is that you?

Hillary wants to find out how do you get these crowds, right? How do you get these crowds? Goodbye, Hillary. Bye. Say hello to Bill, Hillary. You know I'm talking and I see this like crazy person screaming and I didn't know, friend or foe. But then I watched it. I could see she was nuts. So look, look, we have such an important election.

I want to talk to you for a couple of seconds about how bad your governor is. He's a very unpopular guy. He's done a very poor job for Connecticut. I'm telling you, we have one of the past great people of General Electric in our audience. Where is John? Where is John? Oh, there is John. The great John Meyers, right?

One of the great people of General Electric. Can you believe John, they're leaving? Your company is leaving. You wouldn't leave if Trump were governor I guarantee you that. Is that right? They're gonna be. And you know what, they had very bad representation in Connecticut because that's something that never should have happened.

Do you agree with it? The great John Meyers folks saw it. And much more importantly, his incredible wife. We love having you both here. Thank you. Pretty soon, he'll be up in Boston. He won't be here anymore. Can you believe it? I can't believe it. General Electric, one of the great, great monster, great companies.

You lost it. So you got to vote for Trump. You've got to vote for Trump just as a signal to your incompetent governor that you're not gonna take it anymore, OK? You got to vote. You know, he changes his name. I thought it was Daniel, then I thought it was Dan, then it's Daniel. Daniel. I never heard of Daniel, right?

Where is he now? You're good at this stuff. Where is he now? Daniel. It's Daniel Malloy. That's right. Well, he wants to be saved. He wants to have his career safe. You got to do it. You know what you do? Do it as a protest vote against your governor for losing General Electric. And wait til you hear the stats because I have a statistician, who is unbelievable.

This guy loves being a statistician. Me, I wouldn't like it. By the way, policeman thank you very much. What a great job you did of getting rid of Hillary. What a great job you did. Thank you, man. Man. By the way, how great are our police? They're great and it's about time we treat them with the respect that they deserve, OK? So listen to this, folks.

This is a statistician who works for me. He considers it the most exciting job. His wife thinks he's unbelievable. She is so impressed with him. Connecticut has lost one in three manufacturing jobs since NAFTA. Bill Clinton signed it. The Fairfield region has lost one in three manufacturing jobs since China joined the WTO.

Since 2000, the number of unemployed people in Fairfield has more than doubled. Good luck, folks. By the way, relax. Don't move. The good news is you can't move because you can't get anything for your House so don't worry about it. Can't sell your house. Not like you're gonna be offered a fortune for your house.

So just relax. Riding to the rescue. We're gonna bring jobs back. We're gonna bring everything. According to your recent report, Connecticut is among the states where it is the hardest for job seekers to find jobs. Oh boy. And 40% of part time workers in Connecticut would prefer instead to have a full time job.

You know, what did that? Obamacare largely. Mercatus Center reports Connecticut ranks -- congratulations on this one. Are you ready? I mean, if you don't vote for Trump after reading -- this it stats right out of a book, right out of the book. This is a Trump vote. OK Connecticut is the fourth highest and going to be the highest tax state in the country.

You're gonna be number one. Congratulations. Congratulations, everybody. You're gonna be number one. And now, Hillary Clinton, Hillary rotten Clinton is going to raise taxes by $1.3 trillion. Congratulations. And Donald Trump, as president, is going to cut your middle-class taxes way down. He's going to get rid of massive, massive horrible job-killing regulations.

He's going, very importantly, your businesses are all leaving because the taxes are too high. You know, we're all standing in here tonight on a blistering 105 degrees outside. And I think 125 degrees inside. We should have bought some air conditioning units, right? Well, nobody wants to leave, right? Isn't it great when we can have a room that's like 115 degrees and we haven't lost one person, is that great?

And I've been doing this for a while. All right. Listen to this. Listen to this Connecticut. Daniel. Daniel. Hey Daniel, get back here from Washington. He's in Washington trying to get a job but he won't be able to because I would never hire him. So why is he wasting his time. Daniel. Listen to this. Just to show you how bad, how bad your governor is. And by the way, is Linda here?

Where's Linda? Linda McMahon. What a great woman. What a great -- Where is she? What a great woman. Where is she? She's here. Now, a lot of people here. We love Linda. Hey, she exposed your senator as being a total fraud. He said he was in Vietnam or wherever. He was supposed to be this great fighting machine.

He went around for years saying that he was a great Vietnam fighter. Telling false tales. Telling everything. Linda exposed. Where is Linda? Linda exposed him and he got elected? How the hell do you elect a guy like that? Why? Blumenthal. Senator Blumenthal, a great fighter for Vietnam. So look at this. This is a beauty for Daniel.

Daniel Malloy, your governor, lost General Electric and Connecticut ranks, Connecticut ranks number 15 among the U.S. states for its fiscal health. In other words, it is the least fiscally healthy state in the union, and you just lost General Electric. Lots of luck, folks. The U.S. Department of Education, which we're gonna cut very, big league.

We're gonna bring it all back locally. We're gonna get rid of Common Core. The U.S. Department of Education reports Connecticut is expected to add the nation's third fastest decline in students enrolled in high school over the next 10 years. It will probably be number one fairly soon. Congratulations people.

Hey, am I depressing everybody? Don't be depressed. You know, when I made my convention speech and we did have four or five million more people than Hillary but that's OK. But what I mean a lot of people, the critics, the critics they said it was dark. It wasn't. It was optimistic. I was saying we have problems.

We have problems with radical Islamic terrorism. We're gonna solve them. We have problems with education. We have problems with Second Amendment. They want to, they want to dice up your Second Amendment. They want to take your protection away. The National Rifle Association, in probably, I think, the earliest endorsement they've ever given, endorsed Donald Trump.

We are gonna save, we are gonna save your Second Amendment. Connecticut is losing its younger population. High property taxes are hurting family income and job loss is forcing people out of the state's state. You can't move. You're not gonna move are you? You can't move. You can't move. Don't worry. Your house will be valuable again.

You can't move. You can't sell your house. You can't move. OK, I like that. You know, I'm gonna keep you here and then we're gonna bring companies back. We're gonna bring jobs back. And you're all gonna say thank you, Mr. President. Our very incompetent president took office, real median household income in Connecticut has decreased by $1,000 dollars.

Great going, Obama. Since 2008, the number of people in Connecticut living in poverty has nearly doubled. One in four African-Americans in the state of Connecticut are now living in poverty. Thank you, President Obama very much. Last year, a big problem. This is why we're putting the wall up, folks. This is why we're gonna be tough at the border.

Last year, heroin -- right? You know we're gonna say? Last year, heroin-related deaths in Connecticut increased by 27% deaths. And fentanyl-related deaths increased by 150% deaths. According to a new study by the U.S. Department of Justice, Mexico is the primary supplier of heroin coming into the United States.

OK. Doesn't it just make you so angry? Really. So. We're gonna build it. Don't worry. Don't even think, don't even think about it. I have a good group over there. They are serious wall people. Don't even think about it. So I just want to tell you and we're gonna end on this. We're gonna have strong borders.

We're gonna build a wall. Mexico is gonna pay for the wall. We're gonna stop people. And by the way, our Border Patrol agents are so amazing. It would be very easy for them to say everything is perfect. Everything is fine. Come on, keep going through like we're Swiss cheese. But you know, they're amazing.

They want to do their job. They're incredible. We will have strong borders. I'm gonna give an immigration speech. We're gonna stop illegal immigration. We're gonna make our policy speech in two weeks, and I think you're gonna like it. But here's what's really happening. So we're gonna have our borders. We're getting rid of Common Core, we're getting rid of Obamacare.

Look, Obamacare, we're repealing and replacing Obamacare. I mean, honestly,

-- it dies of its own volition.