Thank you. Thank you everybody in two. Thank you. Thank you everybody in two. Thank you. Thank you everybody. In two days we are going to win the great state days. We are going to win the great state days. We are going to win the great state of Michigan and we are going to win back of Michigan and we are going to win back of Michigan and we are going to win back the White House.

We will stop the jobs, the White House. We will stop the jobs, the White House, we will stop the jobs from leaving your state. We are going to from leaving your state, we are going to from leaving your state, we are going to stop the jobs from going to Mexico and stop the jobs from going to Mexico and stop the jobs from going to Mexico and China and all over the World we will - China and all over the world, we will China and all over the world.

We will make Michigan into the manufacturing hub, make Michigan into the manufacturing hub, make Michigan into the manufacturing hub of the world once again and no of the world once again. And no of the world once again and no politician will do that, they don't have politician will do that. They don't have politician will do that.

They don't have a clue. I've been fighting for the car a clue. I've been fighting for the car a clue. I've been fighting for the car industry for years. I was honored five industry for years. I was honored five industry for years. I was honored five years ago, man of the year in Michigan years ago, man of the year in Michigan years ago, man of the year.

In Michigan, that was a great honor for me and during that was a great honor for me. And during that was a great honor for me. And during my speech, all I talked about is what my speech all I talked about is what my speech all I talked about is what Mexico and these other countries are Mexico and these other countries are Mexico and these other countries are doing to us.

And especially what they're doing to us and especially what they're doing to us and especially what they're doing to Michigan, that's all I talked doing to Michigan. That's all I talked doing to Michigan. That's all I talked about. And I was criticized, they said about and I was criticized, they said about - and I was criticized, they said Donald speak about something else.

They - Donald speak about something else. They - Donald speak about something else. They said no. What's happening is horrible said no. What's happening is horrible said no, what's happening is horrible. What's happening is terrible. One of the - what's happening is terrible. One of the - what's happening is terrible.

One of the main reasons I ran for president is to main reasons I ran for president is to main reasons. I ran for president is to stop it and these politician will never stop it and these politician will never stop it and these politician will never do. They'll never do anything about it. I do. They'll never do anything about it.

I do. They'll never do anything about it. I want to share they'll never do it. Folks want to share, they'll never do it. Folks want to share. They'll never do it. Folks. We're gonna bring our jobs back. And no, we're gonna bring our jobs back. And no, we're gonna bring our jobs back and no more are gonna be leaving, they're gonna more are gonna be leaving, they're gonna more are gonna be leaving, they're gonna be consequences.

If they leave, I want to be consequences if they leave, I want to be consequences if they leave. I want to share a special message with my many share, a special message with my many share. A special message with my many friends in the unions all across the friends, in the unions all across the friends, in the unions all across the state.

And the unions love me and the non state and the unions love me and the non state and the unions love me and the non unions love me too. I will tell you unions love me too. I will tell you unions love me too. I will tell you as well as the Democratic voters here to as well as the Democratic voters here to as well as the Democratic voters here to cross our country.

The economic policies cross our country, the economic policies cross our country, the economic policies of Bill and Hillary Clinton have bled of Bill and Hillary Clinton. Have bled of Bill and Hillary Clinton have bled Michigan dry, almost more than any other Michigan dry, almost more than any other Michigan dry, almost more than any other place.

They rake in hundreds of millions place. They rake in hundreds of millions place. They rake in hundreds of millions of dollars from special interests who of dollars from special interests who of dollars from special interests who specialize in shipping new jobs to other specialize in shipping new jobs to other specialize in shipping new jobs to other countries.

The Clintons gave us NAFTA countries, the Clintons gave us NAFTA countries, the Clintons gave us NAFTA, think of it the worst trade deal ever, think of it the worst trade deal ever. Think of it the worst trade deal ever signed by any country ever. China's entry signed by any country ever, China's entry signed by any country ever.

China's entry into the World Trade Organization the into the World Trade Organization the into the World Trade Organization. The job-killing deal with South Korea job-killing deal with South Korea job-killing deal with South Korea. Another beauty that was a disaster and another beauty that was a disaster and another beauty that was a disaster and Hillary now wants the trans-pacific.

Hillary now wants the trans-pacific. Hillary now wants the trans-pacific partnership, she calls it the gold partnership, she calls it the gold partnership. She calls it the gold standard. Hillary Clinton's policies have standard. Hillary Clinton's policies have standard. Hillary Clinton's policies have devastated your automobile industry, all devastated your automobile industry, all devastated your automobile industry, all to the benefit of special interests.

We to the benefit of special interests, we to the benefit of special interests, we will put a stop to all of that on will put a stop to all of that on will put a stop to all of that on November 8th, get out at vote. Michigan. You know, I don't know if you've been, you know, I don't know if you've been, you know, I don't know if you've been seeing what's happening over the last seeing what's happening over the last seeing what's happening over the last week or so.

But they are going well the week or so, but they are going well the week or so. But they are going well. The very dishonest media, the world's most very dishonest media, the world's most very dishonest media, the world's most dishonest people today, I was watching, they're bad people that bad people and they're bad people that bad people and they're bad people that bad people and they're dishonest people.

They don't tell they're dishonest people. They don't tell. They're dishonest people. They don't tell the truth. They don't write the truth, but the truth, they don't write the truth, but the truth, they don't write the truth. But I will say this. So I was watching the - I will say this, so I was watching the - I will say this, so I was watching the polls.

We're leading in Ohio. We're polls. We're leading in Ohio. We're polls. We're leading in Ohio, we're leading in Iowa. We're leading in New - leading in Iowa. We're leading in New leading in Iowa. We're leading in New Hampshire just out. We're leading I Hampshire just out. We're leading I Hampshire just out.

We're leading, I believe, in North Carolina. I think we're believe in North Carolina. I think we're believe in North Carolina, I think we're gonna win it. I think we're doing very gonna win it. I think we're doing very gonna win it. I think we're doing very, very well in the great state of very well in the great state of very well in the great state of Pennsylvania.

Watch what happens there, Pennsylvania, watch what happens there, Pennsylvania, watch what happens there, watch what happens there. We're leading watch what happens there. We're leading watch what happens there. We're leading in Florida, you and Beyonce and all of these people and - and Beyonce and all of these people and and Beyonce and all of these people.

And by the way, my language is much, much by the way my language is much, much by the way, my language is much, much cleaner as you know, than jay-z and cleaner as you know, than jay-z and cleaner as you know than jay-z. And Beyonce, boy, did you hear what I mean, Beyonce boy, did you hear what I mean, Beyonce?

Boy, did you hear what I mean honestly, did you hear that the other honestly, did you hear that the other honestly, did you hear that the other night? And so many people were insulted night and so many people were insulted night and so many people were insulted they left because she can't draw a crowd they left because she can't draw a crowd.

They left because she can't draw a crowd. So she gets stars. But they were so, so she gets stars but they were so, so she gets stars but they were so insulted you know their political people insulted, you know their political people insulted, you know their political people. They went in to hear political, something they went in to hear political, something they went in to hear political something and they hear the worst words the worst and they hear the worst words the worst and they hear the worst words, the worst language ever.

So they mostly left by the language ever. So they mostly left by the language ever. So they mostly left by the time Hillary was left to speak that was time Hillary was left to speak. That was time Hillary was left to speak. That was practically nobody there. But that's okay, practically nobody there, but that's okay.

Practically nobody there, but that's okay, that's okay, see and we do this all of that's okay, see and we do this all of that's okay, see and we do this all of these thousands. And by the way, by the - these thousands and by the way, by the - these thousands - and by the way, by the way, there are thousands and thousands of way.

There are thousands and thousands of way. There are thousands and thousands of people outside trying to get in people outside trying to get in people outside trying to get in thousands, thousands, thousands. You've got thousands of cars are lined, you've got thousands of cars are lined, you've got thousands of cars are lined up three miles down the road.

It's crazy up three miles down the road. It's crazy up three miles down the road. It's crazy and you know the beauty of this crowd and you know the beauty of this crowd and you know the beauty of this crowd, it's without a guitar, there's no guitar, it's without a guitar, there's no guitar, it's without a guitar, there's no guitar.

There's no pianos, you know what it is, there's no pianos, you know what it is. There's no pianos, you know what it is. It's making America great. Again, that's - it's making America great. Again, that's - it's making America great again. That's what the important thing is, that's what what the important thing is that's what - what the important thing is that's what it is because the other stuff frankly is it is because the other stuff frankly is it is because the other stuff frankly is demeaning to what We all represent - it's demeaning to what we all represent.

It's demeaning to what we all represent. It's demeaning, demeaning. Demeaning real change begins immediately by real change begins immediately by real change begins immediately. By repealing and replacing Obamacare, it's repealing and replacing Obamacare, it's repealing and replacing Obamacare. It's just been announced that the residents just been announced that the residents just been announced that the residents of Michigan are going to experience a - of Michigan are going to experience a - of Michigan are going to experience a massive double-digit premium hike.

And I know what the number is, I'm not - and I know what the number is. I'm not - and I know what the number is. I'm not gonna tell you because you're having a gonna tell you because you're having a gonna tell you because you're having a good time. I don't want to ruin your good time. I don't want to ruin your good time.

I don't want to ruin your evening, it's not good, but it's not gonna evening, it's not good, but it's not gonna evening, it's not good, but it's not gonna matter because if you go out and if you matter because if you go out and If you matter, because if you go out and if you vote for us, not for me, you're gonna vote vote for us, not for me, you're gonna vote vote for us, not for me, you're gonna vote for us.

We're gonna terminate Obamacare for us. We're gonna terminate Obamacare for us. We're gonna terminate Obamacare, so you're not gonna have to worry about. So you're not gonna have to worry about. So you're not gonna have to worry about water in the great state of Arizona that water in the great state of Arizona that water in the great state of Arizona that I just left, premiums are going up more.

I just left premiums are going up more. I just left premiums are going up more than 116 percent. You're gonna have the than 116 percent you're gonna have the than 116 percent. You're gonna have the same set premiums to surgeon companies. Same set premiums to surgeon companies, same set premiums to surgeon companies are leaving, it's yours, the fleeing are leaving, it's yours.

The fleeing are leaving, it's yours. The fleeing doctors are quitting and deductibles are doctors are quitting and deductibles are doctors are quitting and deductibles are going through the roof, yet Hillary going through the roof, yet Hillary going through the roof yet. Hillary Clinton wants to double down on Clinton wants to double down on Clinton wants to double down on Obamacare, making it even more expensive Obamacare, making it even more expensive.

Obamacare, making it even more expensive than it already is than it already is than it already is. Aren't affordable, I'm asking for your - aren't affordable. I'm asking for your - aren't affordable. I'm asking for your vote. So we can repeal and replace vote, so we can repeal and replace vote. So we can repeal and replace Obamacare and save health care for every Obamacare and save health care for every Obamacare and save health care for every family in Michigan and our country, real family in Michigan and our country, real family in Michigan and our country real change.

Also means restoring honesty to change also means restoring honesty to change also means restoring honesty to government. Let's start by getting rid of government. Let's start by getting rid of government. Let's start by getting rid of Clinton, Hilary Clinton. Hilary Clinton is the most corrupt Hilary Clinton.

Is the most corrupt Hilary Clinton is the most corrupt person ever to seek the office of the person ever to seek the office of the person ever to seek the office of the presidency of the presidency of the presidency of the nighted says the investigations into nighted Says the investigations into nighted says the investigations into hurt a long, long time.

The rank-and-file hurt a long, long time. The rank-and-file hurt a long, long time. The rank-and-file special agents at the FBI won't let her special agents at the FBI won't let her special agents at the FBI won't let her get away with her terrible crimes, get away with her terrible crimes, get away with her terrible crimes, including the deletion of 33,000 Emails including the deletion of 33,000 emails including the deletion of 33,000 emails after receiving a congressional subpoena after receiving a congressional subpoena after receiving a congressional subpoena.

They forget about all of this right now. They forget about all of this right now. They forget about all of this right now. She's being protected by a rig system. She's being protected by a rig system. She's being protected by a rig system. It's a totally rigged system. I've been - it's a totally rigged system.

I've been - it's a totally rigged system. I've been saying it for a long time saying it for a long time saying it for a long time, you can't review 650,000 new emails in. You can't review 650,000 new emails in. You can't review 650,000 new emails in eight days. You can't do it folks eight days, you can't do it folks eight days, you can't do it folks.

Hillary Clinton is guilty. The FBI knows Hillary Clinton is guilty. The FBI knows Hillary Clinton is guilty. The FBI knows it, the people know it and now it's up to it. The people know it and now it's up to it. The people know it and now it's up to the American people to deliver justice, the American people to deliver justice, the American people to deliver justice at the ballot box on November 8th at the ballot box on November 8th at the ballot box on November 8th.

Unbelievable. Unbelievable, unbelievable, unbelievable what she gets away with you. Unbelievable what she gets away with you. Unbelievable what she gets away with. You know, you have general Cartwright. James know you have general Cartwright. James know you have general Cartwright. James Cartwright a great general highly Cartwright.

A great general, highly Cartwright, a great general highly respected four stars last week for doing respected four stars last week for doing respected four stars last week for doing practically nothing. He's going to get up practically nothing. He's going to get up practically nothing. He's going to get up to five years in jail.

This is a sitting to five years in jail. This is a sitting to five years in jail. This is a sitting four-star general, James Carville, he, four-star general James Carville, he, four-star general, James Carville. He could get as much as five years for, could get as much as five years for could get as much as five years for doing nothing by comparison General, doing nothing by comparison General doing nothing by comparison.

General Petraeus his life was destroyed Petraeus his life was destroyed Petraeus his life was destroyed, destroyed for doing nothing by destroyed for doing nothing by destroyed for doing nothing. By comparison, it is a rigged system and be comparison. It is a rigged system and be comparison. It is a rigged system and be careful with the voting, be careful with careful, with the voting, be careful with careful, with the voting, be careful with everything.

You watch everything, folks, everything you watch everything folks, everything you watch everything folks because we're gonna win because we're gonna win because we're gonna win. We don't want it taken away from us. We - we don't want it taken away from us. We - we don't want it taken away from us. We don't want to take it away.

We don't want - don't want to take it away. We don't want - don't want to take it away. We don't want to take it away to take it away to take it away. Just watch Obama's aprons from eight, just watch Obama's aprons from eight, just watch Obama's aprons from eight years ago and what he said about Chicago years ago and what he said about Chicago years ago and what he said about Chicago and the rigged system in Chicago, take A - and the rigged system in Chicago, take a and the rigged system in Chicago, take a look at what he said about the rigged, look at what he said about the rigged, look at what he said about the rigged system in Chicago, the same system that's system In Chicago, the same system that's system in Chicago, the same system that's protecting Hillary Clinton is the rigged protecting Hillary Clinton is the rigged protecting Hillary Clinton is the rigged system that stolen your jobs and shipped system that stolen your jobs and shipped system that stolen your Jobs and shipped our wealth, all of us, our wealth overseas, our wealth, all of us, our wealth overseas, our wealth, all of us, our wealth overseas and Mexico one-way highway into and Mexico one-way highway into and Mexico one-way highway into these countries.

Nothing comes back. We - these countries, nothing comes back. We - these countries, nothing comes back. We get drugs, we get unemployment, we get get drugs, we get unemployment, we get get drugs, we get unemployment, we get poverty, they get jobs, they get poverty, they get jobs, they get poverty, they get jobs, they get everything one way.

It's one way - it's everything one way, it's one way, it's everything one way, it's one way it's going to be a two-way highway, maybe it's going to be a two-way highway, maybe it's going to be a two-way highway, maybe it's gonna be a one-way for a Little while we gonna be a one-way for a little while, we gonna be a one-way for a little while, we got to make up, it'll be one way back, got to make up.

It'll be one way back, got to make up. It'll be one way back into our country. Nobody wants to report this, the press. Nobody wants to report this, the press nobody wants to report this. The press doesn't want to report. It doesn't want to report. It doesn't want to report it just like the press will not show this, just like the press will not show this just like the press will not show this incredible crowd.

The press won't show this crowd. I just - the press won't show this crowd. I just - the press won't show this crowd, I just left left left, Minnesota. We had a crowd that was Minnesota. We had a crowd that was Minnesota. We had a crowd that was unbelievable. I saw one of the reporters, unbelievable. I saw one of the reporters unbelievable.

I saw one of the reporters say it was unbelievable. It was this size, say it was unbelievable. It was this size, say it was unbelievable. It was this size. They're all - you don't even know. I mean, they're all - you don't even know. I mean, they're all - you don't even know, I mean, look at this size, look at a people, but look at this size, look at a people, but look at this size, look at a people, but you have to say it's even more.

You have to say it's even more - you have to say it's even more impressive, but you can double it up impressive, but you can double it up impressive, but you can double it up standing outside, that's even more standing outside. That's even more standing outside. That's even more impressive, but we just had a big crowd impressive, but we just had a big crowd impressive.

But we just had a big crowd. And I see one of the reporters saying and I see one of the reporters saying and I see one of the reporters saying we're here in Minnesota and Donald Trump, we're here in Minnesota and Donald Trump, we're here in Minnesota. And Donald Trump is speaking before a grounder people is speaking before a grounder.

People is speaking before a grounder people give me a break, give me a break, give me a break. We have the biggest crowds and it's the - we have the biggest crowds and it's the - we have the biggest crowds and it's the greatest movement ever in the history of greatest movement ever in the history of greatest movement ever in the history of our country.

We now have to go out and we - our country, we now have to go out and we - our country, we now have to go out and we have to vote. Hillary Clinton is so have to vote. Hillary Clinton is so have to vote. Hillary Clinton is so dishonest she cheated on the debates by dishonest she cheated on the debates by dishonest she cheated on the debates by using stolen questions.

You heard about using stolen questions. You heard about using stolen questions. You heard about that and you know what the crooked media that and you know what the crooked media that and you know what the crooked media never even writes about it. Can you never even writes about it? Can you never even writes about it?

Can you imagine? Okay, okay, imagine. Okay, okay, imagine. Okay. Okay. I love debating her by the way who won. I love debating her by the way who won. I love debating her by the way who won the debates, did we win the debates, you, the debates, did we win the debates, you, the debates, did we win the debates?

You know people are talking about the big know people are talking about the big know people are talking about the big Friday, but the truth is since the last Friday, but the truth is since the last Friday, but the truth is since the last debate, that's what Our poll numbers debate, that's what our poll numbers debate, that's what our poll numbers started to shoot up because we were started to shoot up because we were started to shoot up because we were about even after the debate.

That's what about even after the debate. That's what about even after the debate, that's what we went like that. And I will say this, we went like that and I will say this, we went like that and I will say this, look, we have to be smart. We have to be - look, we have to be smart, we have to be - look, we have to be smart, we have to be sharp.

We have to be cunning, they're sharp, we have to be cunning, they're sharp, we have to be cunning. They're taking our - our wealth that take it, taking our - our wealth that take it, taking our - our wealth that take it, they're stealing our jobs, they're - they're stealing our jobs, they're - they're stealing our jobs, they're stealing our wealth.

My contract with the stealing our wealth my contract with the stealing our wealth my contract with the American voter begins with a plan to end American voter begins with a plan to end American voter begins with a plan to end government corruption and take our government corruption. And take our government corruption and take our country back from the special interest country back from the special interest country back from the special interest, I want the entire corrupt Washington, I want the entire corrupt Washington.

I want the entire corrupt Washington establishment to hear the words. We all establishment to hear the words we all establishment to hear the words. We all have to say when we win on November 8th have to say when we win on November 8th have to say when we win on November 8th, we are going to drain the swamp.

Great, great, we're gonna drain the swamp, great, great. We're gonna drain the swamp, great, great, we're gonna drain the swamp. All right, you know the best way we're all right. You know the best way we're all right. You know the best way we're gonna beat them though you got to go gonna beat them though you got to go gonna beat them though you got to go ballot pops, we're gonna beat them at the ballot pops, we're gonna beat them At the ballot pops, we're gonna beat them at the core of my contract is my plan to bring core of my contract is my plan to bring core of my contract is my plan to bring back our jobs.

Michigan has lost more back our jobs. Michigan has lost more back our jobs, Michigan has lost more than one in four of its manufacturing than one in four of its manufacturing than one in four of its manufacturing jobs since NAFTA. Think of it a deal, jobs since NAFTA, think of it a deal, jobs since NAFTA, think of it a deal signed by Bill Clinton and supported by signed by Bill Clinton and supported by signed by Bill Clinton and supported by Hillary America.

Thank you such spirit, such incredible spirit, look such spirit, such incredible spirit, look such spirit, such incredible spirit, look at young young, people come on down here at young young. People come on down here at young young. People come on down here, come come, come, get them down, come come, come, get them down, come come, come, get them down, come come down here, get down here look come come down here, get down here look come come down here, get down here, look at these Young kids look at these at these young kids, look at these at these young kids, look at these beautiful kids, look at these kids, get beautiful, kids look at these kids, get beautiful, kids look at these kids, get them up here, come on, come on, bring her Up here, let's go come, come on, bring her up here, let's go come, come on, bring her up here.

Let's go come in, come here, kids in, come here, kids in, come here, kids look at these kids, boy, oh boy, look at these kids, boy, oh boy, look at these kids, boy, oh boy, the greatest. Thank you, kids. Thank you. The greatest. Thank you, kids. Thank you. The greatest thank you, kids. Thank you. You see they understand even better than you see.

They understand even better than you see they understand even better than the adults. They know they know what's the adults, they know they know what's the adults. They know they know what's gonna happen, gonna happen gonna happen, we're gonna make America great. Again, we're gonna make America great. Again, we're gonna make America great.

Again, we're gonna make America great. Again, we're gonna make America great again. We're gonna make America great. Again. Thank You, kids. Thank you. Go, enjoy it. Thank You, kids. Thank you. Go, enjoy it. Thank You, kids. Thank you. Go, enjoy it. Okay, that's what we're fighting for folks, that's what we're fighting for folks.

That's what we're fighting for folks, that's what we're fighting for. That's what we're fighting for. That's what we're fighting for. Beautiful. Congratulations to those beautiful. Congratulations to those beautiful. Congratulations to those parents. Congratulations your parents, parents. Congratulations your parents, parents.

Congratulations. Your parents, what it's all about, America has lost what it's all about. America has lost what it's all about. America has lost seventy thousand factories since China seventy thousand factories since China seventy thousand factories since China entered the World Trade Organization, entered the World Trade Organization, entered the World Trade Organization, another Bill and Hillary back disaster, another Bill and Hillary back disaster, another Bill and Hillary Back disaster, we are living through the greatest jobs we are living through the greatest jobs we are living through the greatest jobs theft in the history of the world.

There theft in the history of the world there theft in the history of the world. There has never been anything like what we're - has never been anything like what we're - has never been anything like what we're living through. Our jobs are taken just living through. Our jobs are taken just living through.

Our jobs are taken just like nothing because our politicians are like nothing because our politicians are like nothing because our politicians are stupid people, they don't know what to do. So simple, Delphi laid-off 3627 workers, so simple, Delphi laid-off 3627 workers, so simple, Delphi laid-off 3627 workers at moon driven, 66 workers in Auburn at moon driven, 66 workers in Auburn at moon driven 66 workers in Auburn Hills, nice place and moved their jobs to Hills.

Nice place and moved their jobs to Hills nice place and moved their jobs to Mexico. Chrysler laid off 5300 workers, Mexico, Chrysler laid off 5300 workers, Mexico, Chrysler laid off 5300 workers and move their jobs to Mexico, China and and move their jobs to Mexico, China and and move their jobs to Mexico, China and other countries.

Ford laid off 2155 other countries. Ford laid off 2155 other countries, Ford laid off 2155 workers and move their jobs to many workers and move their jobs to many workers and move their jobs to many countries. In particular, Mexico, Ford countries in particular, Mexico, Ford countries in particular, Mexico, Ford built a massive factory in Mexico, two built a massive factory in Mexico, two built a massive factory in Mexico two years ago, course two billion dollars so years ago course two billion dollars.

So years ago course two billion dollars, so have I been criticizing that? That was my - have I been criticizing that? That was my - have I been criticizing that? That was my main point for two and a half years. I've main point for two and a half years. I've main point for two and a half years, I've been criticizing it now.

Ford is moving been criticizing it now. Ford is moving been criticizing it now. Ford is moving all of its small car production, a all of its small car production, a all of its small car production, a hundred percent to Mexico. Everyone wants to move to Mexico and everyone wants to move to Mexico and everyone wants to move to Mexico and other countries because we have other countries because we have other countries because we have politicians that have no clue as to what politicians that have no clue.

As to what politicians that have no clue as to what to do and it's so simple, it's so so to do - and it's so simple, it's so so to do - and it's so simple, it's so so simple, it's not gonna happen. If I'm simple, it's not gonna happen. If I'm simple, it's not gonna happen. If I'm president, believe me and when Hillary president, believe me and when Hillary president believe me and when Hillary comes and when Hillary walks onto the comes and when Hillary walks onto the comes and when Hillary walks onto the stage and talks you for about eight stage And talks you for about eight stage and talks you for about eight minutes because that's what she's got minutes because that's what she's got minutes because that's what she's got left.

Don't you got - you need a lot of left, don't you got - you need a lot of left, don't you got - you need a lot of energy to beat these folks and you need energy to beat these folks and you need energy to beat these folks and you Need a lot of, you know what it used to be the - a lot of, you know what it used to be the - a lot of, you know what it used to be.

The cars were made in Flint and you couldn't - cars were made in Flint and you couldn't - cars were made in Flint and you couldn't drink the water in Mexico. Now the cars drink the water in Mexico. Now the cars drink the water in Mexico. Now the cars are made in Mexico and you can't drink, are made in Mexico and you can't drink, are made in Mexico and you can't drink the water in Flint.

We will turn it all the water in Flint. We will turn it all the water. In Flint. We will turn it all around around around a Trump administration will stop the - a Trump administration will stop the - a Trump administration will stop the jobs from leaving America and we will jobs from leaving America and we will jobs from leaving America and we will stop the Jobs from leaving Michigan, stop the jobs from leaving Michigan, stop the jobs from leaving Michigan.

We're going to be opening up new jobs. We're going to be opening up new jobs. We're going to be opening up new jobs, lots of new jobs and jobs are going to lots of new jobs and jobs are going to lots of new jobs and jobs are going to be coming back as an example, if Ford or be coming back. As an example, if Ford or be coming back as an example, if Ford or another company wants to fire their another company wants to fire their another company wants to fire their workers in Michigan and move to another workers in Michigan and move to another workers in Michigan and move to another country like Mexico and ship their country like Mexico and ship their country like Mexico and ship their products back into the United States.

Products back into the United States products back into the United States across what will soon be a very, very across what will soon be a very, very across what will soon be a very, very strong and powerful border, strong and powerful border, strong and powerful border. We will build the Great Wall, we will - we will build the Great Wall, we will - we will build the Great Wall, we will build the world, we will.

So if they build the world, we will. So if they build the world, we will. So if they wanted to - I love you too, sounds like a wanted to - I love you too sounds like a wanted to - I love you too, sounds like a rough cookie. He's not my type, but I love rough cookie. He's not my type, but I love rough cookie, he's not my type, but I love him.

Thank you very much. We will give him. Thank you very much. We will give him. Thank you very much. We will give them a little call and we'll call I will them a little call and we'll call I will them a little call and we'll call I will. And I want to do it myself. You know and I want to do it myself, you know, and I want to do it myself, you know they'll say, but it isn't presidential, they'll say, but it isn't presidential, they'll say, but it isn't presidential, you're not supposed to be calling the.

You're not supposed to be calling the - you're not supposed to be calling the head of the automobile company to say head of the automobile company to say head of the automobile company to say you can't move and tell them if they - you can't move and tell them If they - you can't move and tell them if they want to move their fact if they want to want to move their fact, if they want to want to move their fact, if they want to move their plants, they will have to pay, move their plants.

They will have to pay - move their plants, they will have to pay a 35 % tax to get their cars coming back a 35 % tax to get their cars coming back a 35 % tax to get their cars coming back into the United States. And you know it's into the United States and you know it's into the United States and you know it's gonna happen, right?

They're not gonna gonna happen, right? They're not gonna gonna happen, right? They're not gonna move. It's very simple. The politicians move, it's very simple, the politicians move, it's very simple. The politicians could have said this a long time ago. I could have said this a long time ago. I could have said this a long time ago.

I told them a long time ago, they could told them a long time ago. They could told them a long time ago. They could have said it. Hillary will never say it, have said it, Hillary will never say it, have said it, Hillary will never say it because she's taken care of by all these because she's taken care of by all these because she's taken care of by all these donors and special interests.

They don't donors and special interests. They don't donors and special interests. They don't want that to happen. There will be want that to happen. There will be want that to happen. There will be consequences when they think they're consequences when they think they're consequences when they think they're gonna fire all their employees in gonna fire all their employees in gonna fire all their employees in Michigan or Ohio or so, many other places, Michigan or Ohio or so many other places, Michigan or Ohio or so many other places I'm going in a little while.

I'm going to - I'm going in a little while. I'm going to - I'm going in a little while. I'm going to Pittsburgh tonight, then I'm going to Pittsburgh tonight. Then I'm going to Pittsburgh tonight, then I'm going to Virginia tonight. We have to do it. We Virginia tonight, we have to do it. We Virginia tonight, we have to do it.

We have to make sure we get over the finish, have to make sure we get over the finish, have to make sure we get over the finish line. We're winners. We have to win, we line, we're winners, we have to win, we line, we're winners. We have to win, we know how to win. We have to go. They're never gonna move.

They're never - they're never gonna move. They're never - they're never gonna move. They're never gonna move in. If they do move, that's gonna move in. If they do move, that's gonna move in, if they do move, that's okay too. We're gonna make a lot of money, okay, too. We're gonna make a lot of money, okay, too.

We're gonna make a lot of money as a country. They'll be paying a lot of as a country. They'll be paying a lot of as a country. They'll be paying a lot of tax to come back into our country tax to come back into our country tax to come back into our country. They're not gonna fire our people and they're not gonna fire our people and they're not gonna fire.

Our people and take our jobs anymore, take our jobs anymore, take our jobs anymore, a Trump administration will renegotiate a Trump administration will renegotiate a Trump administration will renegotiate NAFTA and if we don't get the deal we NAFTA and if we don't get the deal we NAFTA And if we don't get the deal we want, we will terminate NAFTA and get a want - we will terminate NAFTA and get a want.

We will terminate NAFTA and get a much better deal for our workers and our much better deal for our workers and our much better deal for our workers and our companies. We will also immediately stop companies. We will also immediately stop companies. We will also immediately stop the job-killing trans-pacific, the job-killing trans-pacific, the job-killing trans-pacific partnership.

Hillary Clinton wants to partnership. Hillary Clinton wants to partnership. Hillary Clinton wants to pass TPP trans-pacific partnership, which pass TPP trans-pacific partnership, which pass TPP trans-pacific partnership, which will destroy the remaining parts of the will destroy the remaining parts of the will destroy the remaining parts of the auto industry just like she pushed auto industry.

Just like she pushed auto industry just like she pushed through the Korean deal. You remember through the Korean deal, you remember through the Korean deal, you remember that she said it was going to be that she said it was going to be that she said it was going to be wonderful, but that destroyed many of wonderful.

But that destroyed many of wonderful, but that destroyed many of your jobs, especially having to do with your jobs, especially having to do with your jobs, especially having to do with automotive as part of our plan to bring automotive as part of our plan to bring automotive. As part of our plan to bring back jobs, we are going to lower taxes on back jobs.

We are going to lower taxes on back jobs. We are going to lower taxes on American business from 35 % to 15 %. We will massively cut taxes for the - we will massively cut taxes for the - we will massively cut taxes for the middle class and Hillary Clinton is middle class and Hillary Clinton is middle class and Hillary Clinton is going to raise your taxes.

You know that going to raise your taxes, you know that going to raise your taxes, you know that she's gonna raise your taxes. We will - she's gonna raise your taxes. We will. She's gonna raise your taxes. We will unleash American energy including shale, unleash American energy including shale, unleash American energy including shale oil, natural gas and clean coal and we oil natural gas and clean coal and we oil natural gas and clean coal and we will rebuild our inner cities.

We're will rebuild our inner cities, we're will rebuild our inner cities, we're going to rebuild and we can do it and by going to rebuild and we can do it and by going to rebuild and we can do it. And by the way, the african-american community, the way the african-american community, the way the african-american community, the Hispanic community, I love that song, blacksmith Trump, I love, I love that song, blacksmith Trump, I love, I love that song, blacksmith Trump, I love this.

Thank you. It's very cool. The - this - thank you. It's very cool. The - this thank you. It's very cool. The african-american community, the Hispanic african-american community, the Hispanic african-american community, the Hispanic community living in the inner cities, the community living in the inner cities, the community living in the inner cities, the inner cities have been run for up to a inner cities have been run for Up to a inner cities have been run for up to a hundred years by the Democrats and all hundred years by the Democrats and all hundred years by the Democrats.

And all they want is every four years they come, they want is every four years they come. They want is every four years they come in and they say we want your vote, we in and they say we want your vote, we in and they say we want your vote. We want your vote after they get your vote, want your vote after they get your vote, want your vote after they get your vote, they say, see you in four years, they do they say, see you in four years.

They do they say, see you in four years, they do nothing. Crime is rampant, you can't walk nothing, crime is rampant, you can't walk nothing. Crime is rampant. You can't walk through the store without getting shot through the store without getting shot through the store without getting shot. Crime is rampant, education is the worst, crime is rampant, education is the worst, crime is rampant, education is the worst, there is practically anywhere.

You know there is practically anywhere you know there is practically anywhere you know that and there are no jobs. So you have that and there are no jobs. So you have that and there are no jobs. So you have no jobs, you better education and you no jobs, you better education and you no jobs, you better education.

And you have rampant crime and I say to the have rampant crime and I say to the have rampant crime and I say to the african-american community to the african-american community to the african-american community to the Hispanic community vote for me what the Hispanic community vote for Me what the Hispanic community vote for me, what the hell do you have to lose?

I'm gonna fix hell, do you have to lose, I'm gonna fix hell, do you have to lose, I'm gonna fix it, I am going to fix it. We're gonna fix it, I am going to fix it. We're gonna fix it. I am going to fix it. We're gonna fix it. We'll bring back our jobs, it - we'll bring back our jobs, it - we'll bring back our jobs, we'll have safety, we'll have education, we'll have safety, we'll have education, we'll have safety, we'll have education, we'll have security and we'll have - hope we'll have security and we'll have hope.

We'll have security and we'll have hope we will become a rich nation once again. But to be a rich nation, we must also be, but to be a rich nation, we must also be, but to be a rich nation, we must also be a safe nation. Hillary Clinton wants a - a safe nation. Hillary Clinton wants a, a safe nation. Hillary Clinton wants a five hundred and fifty percent increase, five hundred and fifty percent increase, five hundred and fifty percent increase in Syrian refugees, pouring into our - in Syrian refugees pouring into our - in Syrian refugees pouring into our country and virtually unlimited country and virtually unlimited country.

And virtually unlimited immigration from the most dangerous immigration from the most dangerous immigration from the most dangerous regions of the world. Her plan will regions of the world. Her plan will regions of the world. Her plan will import generations of terrorism, import generations of terrorism, import generations of terrorism, extremism and radicalism into your extremism and radicalism into your extremism and radicalism into your schools and throughout your communities, schools and throughout your communities, schools and throughout your communities.

When I'm elected president, he just said when I'm elected president, he just said when I'm elected president, he just said it's already that way. Mr. Trump, he's - it's already that way. Mr. Trump, he's - it's already that way. Mr. Trump, he's gone. It's already that way. Mr. Trump gone, it's already that way.

Mr. Trump gone, it's already that way. Mr. Trump, thank you. I just didn't want to say it. I thank you. I just didn't want to say it. I thank you. I just didn't want to say it. I want to be politically correct, we will want to be politically correct. We will want to be politically correct. We will suspend the Syrian refugee program and suspend the Syrian refugee program and suspend the Syrian refugee program and we will keep radical Islamic terrorists.

We will keep radical Islamic terrorists, we will keep radical Islamic terrorists the hell out, the hell out, the hell out 100 % here in Michigan. You've seen 100 % here in Michigan. You've seen 100 % here in Michigan. You've seen firsthand the problems caused with the firsthand the problems caused with the firsthand the problems caused with the refugee program.

Your big - I mean refugee program, your big - I mean refugee program, your big - I mean we're reading about it all the time in we're reading about it all the time in. We're reading about it all the time in Michigan with large numbers of poorly Michigan with large numbers of poorly Michigan with large numbers of poorly vetted refugees coming into your state vetted refugees coming into your state vetted refugees coming into your state.

Without your knowledge, without your - without your knowledge, without your - without your knowledge, without your support and without your approval, it support and without your approval it support and without your approval, it puts your security at risk and it puts - puts your security at risk and it puts - Puts your security at risk and it puts enormous pressure on your schools and enormous pressure on your schools and enormous pressure on your schools and your community resources.

A trump, your community resources, a trump, your community resources. A trump administration will not admit any administration will not admit any administration will not admit any refugees without the support of the refugees without the support of the refugees without the support of the local community where they are being local community where they are being local community.

Where they are being placed, are being placed unfair, unfair to placed, are being placed unfair, unfair to placed are being placed unfair, unfair to Michigan, unfair what's happening in Michigan, unfair what's happening in Michigan, unfair what's happening in Michigan and we will pause admissions from terror and We will pause admissions from terror and we will pause admissions from terror prone regions of the world until a full prone regions of the world until a full prone regions of the world until a full security assessment has been performed.

Security assessment has been performed. Security assessment has been performed and until proven vetting mechanisms have and until proven vetting mechanisms have and until proven vetting mechanisms have been established, what they're doing to been established, what they're doing to been established, what they're doing to Michigan and other states, including by Michigan.

And other states, including by Michigan and other states, including by the way, Minnesota, which is having a - the way Minnesota, which is having a - the way Minnesota, which is having a terrible problem, but what they're doing terrible problem. But what - they're doing terrible problem. But what they're doing to your state is disgraceful a Trump to your state is disgraceful a Trump to your state is disgraceful.

A Trump administration will also secure and administration will also secure and administration will also secure and defend the borders of the United States, defend the borders of the United States, defend the borders of the United States. And yes and yes and yes, we will build that. We will build that, we will build that Great Wall and Mexico will pay for that Great Wall and Mexico will pay for that Great Wall and Mexico will pay for that graveyard.

Hilary Clinton supports you are amazing people. Hillary Clinton, you are amazing people. Hillary Clinton, you are amazing people. Hillary Clinton supports totally open. Borders supports totally open. Borders supports totally open borders. There goes your country and strongly there goes your country and strongly there goes your country and strongly supports sanctuary.

Cities like San supports, sanctuary cities like San supports, sanctuary cities like San Francisco, where Kate Steinle was Francisco, where Kate Steinle was Francisco, where Kate Steinle was murdered by an illegal immigrant murdered by an illegal immigrant murdered by an illegal immigrant deported at least five times thousands.

Deported at least five times thousands deported at least five times thousands of Americans would be alive today for of Americans would be alive today for of Americans would be alive today for not for the open border policies of not for the open border policies of not for The open border policies of Obama and Clinton just days ago a young Obama and Clinton just days ago a young Obama and Clinton, just days ago a young single mother of five children was single mother of five children was single mother of five children was strangled to Death in Kent County strangled to death in Kent County, strangled to death in Kent County, her name was Carla.

The man who was her name was Carla. The man who was her name was Carla. The man who was reportedly admitted. He was an admitted reportedly admitted. He was an admitted reportedly admitted he was an admitted murderer twice deported and he everybody murderer twice deported and he everybody murderer twice deported and he everybody was begging, they say, please.

PLEASE was begging. They say, please. PLEASE was begging they say please. PLEASE incarcerate him deport him. Don't let incarcerate him deport him. Don't let incarcerate him deport him. Don't let this happen. Don't let this happen and this happen. Don't let this happen and this happen. Don't let this happen and Carla is no longer with us.

Carla is no longer with us. Carla is no longer with us. Carla is no longer with us. He's been - carla, is no longer with us. He's been - carla, is no longer with us. He's been using a false thing. He had a long felony using a false thing. He had a long felony using a false thing. He had a long felony record in Texas and he wasn't - he wasn't record in Texas and he wasn't - he wasn't record in Texas and he wasn't - he wasn't deported.

Everybody knew he had to be deported. Everybody knew he had to be deported, everybody knew he had to be deported and he wasn't because the Obama deported and he wasn't because the Obama deported and he wasn't because the Obama administration had no mechanism to do it. Administration had no mechanism to do it.

Administration had no mechanism to do it. A trump administration will end this a trump administration will end this a trump administration will end this nightmare of violence. We will stop nightmare of violence. We will stop nightmare of violence. We will stop illegal immigration to port all criminal illegal immigration to port all criminal illegal immigration to port all criminal aliens and dismantle every last criminal aliens and dismantle every last criminal aliens and dismantle.

Every last criminal gang in cartel threatening our citizens gang in cartel threatening. Our citizens gang in cartel threatening our citizens folks go to remembrance project, you'll folks go to remembrance project. You'll folks go to remembrance project. You'll see some incredible people. You'll see see some incredible people.

You'll see see some incredible people. You'll see what's going on. So many people, thousands what's going on so many people, thousands what's going on. So many people, thousands and thousands of people and thousands of people and thousands of people. We will also repeal the Obama Clinton. We will also repeal the Obama Clinton.

We will also repeal the Obama Clinton defense sequester and rebuild our badly defense sequester and rebuild our badly defense sequester and rebuild our badly depleted military. I'm honored to have depleted military. I'm honored to have depleted military. I'm honored to have the endorsement of more than 200 top the endorsement of more than 200 top, the endorsement of more than 200 top Admirals and Generals and 22 Medal of Admirals and Generals and 22 Medal of Admirals and Generals and 22 Medal of Honor recipients.

Hillary. And our failed Honor recipients Hillary and our failed Honor recipients. Hillary and our failed establishment have spent six trillion. Establishment have spent six trillion establishment have spent six trillion dollars on wars in the Middle East that dollars on wars in the Middle East that dollars on wars.

In the Middle East that we never win you ever note, we never win, we never win you ever note, we never win, we never win you ever note, we never win, we just keep fighting. We just keep - we just keep fighting. We just keep - we just keep fighting, we just keep fighting, we're going into Mosul. They say four, we're going into Mosul.

They say four, we're going into Mosul they say four months, four months. We are going in months four months. We are going in months four months. We are going in formal because we want to capture the formal because we want to capture the formal because we want to capture the leaders of Isis, who are staying in Mosul leaders of Isis, who are staying in Mosul leaders of Isis, who are staying in Mosul.

Well, the problem is as soon as they say, well, the problem is as soon as they say, well, the problem is as soon as they say that those leaders are gone, that's that those leaders are gone, that's that those leaders are gone, that's terrible. I tell you what, I'll tell you, terrible. I tell you what, I'll tell you terrible.

I tell you what. I'll tell you what Obama should spend no time, no time what Obama should spend no time, no time what Obama should spend no time, no time fighting for the election of - he'll are fighting for the election of - he'll are fighting for the election of - he'll are not Going to happen, it's not going to - not going to happen.

It's not going to not going to happen. It's not going to happen. He's campaigning for Hillary happen. He's campaigning for Hillary happen. He's campaigning for Hillary Clinton. He ought to be back in the Clinton. He ought to be back in the Clinton. He ought to be back in the office, working on jobs, working on office, working on jobs, working on office, working on jobs, working on defeating Isis.

Working on our borders, defeating Isis working on our borders, defeating Isis. Working on our borders, working on building up our military, this working on building up our military, this working on building up our military, this guy all he wants to do his campaign and guy all he wants to do his campaign and guy all he wants to do His campaign and you know why, you know why, because she you know why you know why?

Because she you know why you know why? Because she can't campaign for herself. Let's face it, can't campaign for herself. Let's face it, can't campaign for herself. Let's face it. She has no talent, she's got no ability, she has no talent. She's got no ability. She has no talent. She's got no ability. She's got bad instincts according to she's got bad instincts according to she's got bad instincts according to Podesta, how about the WikiLeaks Hillary Podesta?

How about the WikiLeaks, Hillary Podesta, how about the WikiLeaks? Hillary has bad instance. Hillary has bad, has bad instance. Hillary has bad, has bad instance, Hillary has bad instincts, right? And how about Bernie instincts, right? And how about Bernie instincts, right? And how about Bernie Sanders?

He says he has bad judgment. So Sanders, he says he has bad judgment. So Sanders, he says he has bad judgment so bad and sings, bad judgment. She's going bad and sings. Bad judgment. She's going bad and sings. Bad judgment. She's going to be your president. I don't think so, just look at how she's boxed up her, just look at how she's boxed up her, just look at how she's boxed up her emails, okay, now multiply that out toward emails, okay.

Now multiply that out toward emails, okay. Now multiply that out toward running our country, I don't think that's running our country. I don't think that's running our country. I don't think that's the way we want to be four more years of the way. We want to be four more years of the way we want to be four more years of Obama, Obama, Obama, we don't want, they've dragged us into.

We don't want - they've dragged us into. We don't want - they've dragged us into foreign wars that have made us less safe foreign wars that have made us less safe foreign wars that have made us less safe shift our jobs and wealth to other shift our jobs and wealth to other shift our jobs and Wealth to other countries and left our borders at home countries and left our borders at home countries and left our borders at home wide open wide open wide open you ever notice we fight so hard for you ever notice.

We fight so hard for you ever notice. We fight so hard for other people's borders countries that other people's borders countries that other people's borders countries that you've never heard of, we're fighting for. You've never heard of - we're fighting for - you've never heard of, we're fighting for their borders, but we don't fight for our - their borders, but we don't fight for our - their borders.

But we don't fight for our own borders, right, that will all change own borders, right? That will all change own borders, right? That will all change in November 8th. You got to get out of - in November 8th, you got to get out of - in November 8th, you got to get out of they say the greatest movement in the - they say the greatest movement in the - they say the greatest movement in the history of our country.

It is the history of our country, it is the history of our country. It is the greatest movement in the history of our greatest movement in the history of our greatest movement in the history of our country. But it all would end if you country, but it all would end if you country, but it all would end if you don't get out.

And if you do get out, they don't get out. And if you do get out, they don't get out. And if you do get out, they have not got even a little chance to win, have not got even a little chance to win, have not got even a little chance to win. They have no chance to win even the - they have no chance to win.

Even the - they have no chance to win even the pundits, the pundits, many of whom aren't pundits, the pundits, many of whom aren't pundits. The pundits, many of whom aren't exactly in love with Donald Trump, say exactly in love with Donald Trump, say exactly in love with Donald Trump say it's the single greatest movement in the - it's the single greatest movement in the - it's the single greatest movement in the history Of our country, it is never been history of our country, it is never been history of our country.

It is never been anything like this. There's never been anything like this. There's never been anything like this. There's never been anything like this. We got more votes in anything like this. We got more votes in anything like this. We got more votes in the Republican primary than anybody else, the Republican primary than anybody else, the Republican primary than anybody else in the history of the Republican Party in the history of the Republican Party in the history of the Republican Party one by one by one.

We have great support one by one by one. We have great support one by one by one. We have great support, ben Carson and so many other people, Mike, ben Carson and so many other people, Mike, ben Carson and so many other people, Mike Huckabee so many people so much great Huckabee so many people so much great Huckabee so many people so much great Support, we're going to go on Tuesday and support.

We're going to go on Tuesday and support. We're going to go on Tuesday and we're gonna win. We want to be brexit, we're gonna win. We want to be brexit, we're gonna win. We want to be brexit plus grexit plus they don't know what's plus grexit plus they don't know what's plus grexit plus they don't know what's gonna come, they don't know what's gonna gonna come, they don't know what's gonna gonna come.

They don't know what's gonna be coming their way, you know, in Florida be coming their way, you know, in Florida be coming their way. You know, in Florida the lines are so long. They've never seen the lines are so long. They've never seen the lines are. So long, they've never seen lines like this, they've never seen lines lines like this.

They've never seen lines lines like this. They've never seen lines like this. The lines are so long. They like this, the lines are so long. They like this, the lines are so long. They don't know what's coming. Actually they don't know what's coming. Actually they don't know what's coming. Actually, they do know what's coming and they're not - do know what's coming and they're not do know what's coming and they're not happy about it.

Happy about it, happy about it. The Trump administration will never ever the Trump administration will never ever. The Trump administration will never ever put the interests of a foreign country, put the interests of a foreign country, put the interests of a foreign country before the interests of our country from before the interests of our country from before the interests of our country.

From now on, it's going to be America first to all Americans. I say it's time for to all Americans. I say it's time for to all Americans. I say it's time for change. It's time for leadership and just change. It's time for leadership and just change. It's time for leadership and just in closing, I want you to think about in closing, I want you to think about in closing, I want you to think about what we can accomplish in the first 100, what we can accomplish in the first 100. What we can accomplish in the first 100 days of a trump administration, we are days of a trump administration.

We are days of a trump administration. We are going to have the largest tax cut since going to have the largest tax cut since going to have the largest tax cut since Ronald Reagan. She's going to raise your Ronald Reagan. She's going to raise your Ronald Reagan. She's going to raise your taxes. Hillary is going to raise it, we taxes, Hillary is going to raise it.

We taxes, Hillary is going to raise it. We will save and protect your Social will save and protect your Social will save and protect your Social Security and Medicare Security and Medicare Security and Medicare. She will reduce and cut up your Social. She will reduce and cut up your Social. She will reduce and cut up your Social Security and Medicare benefits.

We will Security and Medicare benefits. We will Security and Medicare benefits. We will eliminate unnecessary job-killing, eliminate unnecessary job-killing, eliminate unnecessary job-killing regulations. Thank you. We are going to regulations. Thank you. We are going to regulations, thank you. We are going to cancel every illegal Obama executive, cancel every illegal Obama executive cancel every illegal Obama executive order.

We will protect religious liberty. We build are depleted military and take, we build are depleted military and take. We build are depleted military and take care, take care of our great, great care, take care of our great, great care, take care of our great, great veterans. We will provide school choice veterans.

We will provide school choice veterans. We will provide school choice and put it into common core. We're and put it into common core. We're and put it into common core. We're bringing our educational support, the bringing our educational support, the bringing our educational support, the great men and women of law enforcement, save our Second Amendment and appoint justices to the United and appoint justices to the United and appoint justices to the United States Supreme Court, who Will uphold and States Supreme Court who will uphold and States Supreme Court who will uphold and defend the Constitution of the United, defend the Constitution of the United, defend the Constitution of the United States.

It is time to cut our ties with States. It is time to cut our ties with States. It is time to cut our ties with the failed politicians of the past you, the failed politicians of the past you the failed politicians of the past. You see what's happened in Michigan. You see - see what's happened in Michigan, you see see what's happened in Michigan, you see what's happened to all over the country, what's happened to all over the country, what's happened to all over the country, you look at what's going on in, you look at what's going On in you look at what's going on in Pennsylvania, you look at what's going on Pennsylvania, you look at what's going on Pennsylvania, you look at what's going on in upstate New York, you look at what in upstate New York, you look at what in upstate New York, you look at what took place in New England, no matter took place in New England, no matter took place in New England no matter where you go.

It's a disaster. Hillary, where you go, it's a disaster. Hillary, where you go, it's a disaster. Hillary Clinton is the candidate of yesterday. We are the movement. We - we not mean we - we are the movement, we - we not mean we - we are the movement. We - we not mean we, but of the future we are fighting for, but of the future we are fighting for.

But of the future, we are fighting for every parent who lost their child to every parent who lost their child to every parent who lost their child to drugs and crime and gang violence. We are drugs and crime and gang violence. We are drugs and crime and gang violence. We are fighting for every community whose jobs fighting for every community whose jobs fighting for every community whose jobs and dreams have been ripped out and and dreams have been ripped out and and dreams have been ripped out and shipped to other countries.

We are shipped to other countries we are shipped to other countries. We are fighting for every American who believes, fighting for every American who believes, fighting for every American who believes government should serve the people not government should serve the people. Not government should serve the people.

Not the donors and not to special interests, we are fighting to unlock the potential we are fighting to unlock the potential. We are fighting to unlock the potential of every community and every family who of every community and every family who of every community and every family who hope and pray and yearn for better hope and pray and yearn for better hope and pray and yearn for better Future I'm asking you to dream big.

We future, I'm asking you to dream big. We future. I'm asking you to dream big. We used to dream big in this country. Dream used to dream big in this country. Dream used to dream big in this country dream big because with your vote we're just to big because with your vote we're just to big because with your vote, we're just to think of this two days, two days.

Think of think of this two days, two days, think of think of this two days, two days, think of that. This began on June 16th of last that this began on June 16th of last that this began on June 16th of last year who would have known this was going year who would have known this was going year who would have known this was going to happen.

We knew we know one of the to happen. We knew we know one of the to happen. We knew. We know one of the reporters asked me the other day. Did you reporters asked me the other day, did you reporters asked me the other day? Did you ever think this was going to happen? I ever think this was going to happen.

I ever think this was going to happen, I said I guess so otherwise I wouldn't said I guess so otherwise I wouldn't said I guess so otherwise I wouldn't have done it right. We are just two days have done it right. We are just two days have done it right. We are just two days away from the change you've been waiting away from the change you've been waiting away from the change you've been waiting for your entire life because together we for your entire life because together we for your entire life because together we will make.