This is like people have never seen and this is like people have never seen and this is like people have never seen and by the way just so you understand, I can by the way just so you understand I can by the way, just so you understand, I can say this for the first time for you say this for the first time for you say this for the first time for you because you're not to give - we have a - because you're not to give - we have a - because you're not to give - we have A 2000 remote of love over here or over 2000 remote of love over here or over 2000 remote of love over here or over there.

So this year people come over right now. This year people come over right now. This year people come over right now. All of you Whitakers outside for the all of you Whitakers outside for the all of you Whitakers outside for the mail outside with tremendous work we have with the Attorney General saying sentence, Oh, ah, you know, he'd know that, you know, he'd know that.

You know, he'd know that and you know, which actually should qualify them for which actually should qualify them for which actually should qualify them for even running. The fact is that the FBI director said the fact is that the FBI director said the fact is that the FBI director said the Lord is leading the sword.

The Lord is leading the sword. The Lord is leading the sword. The second variant in 2014 did not. The second variant in 2014 did not. The second variant in 2014 did not individually read the content of all the individually read the content of all the individually read the content of all the Ravens people are destroying.

We have a crooked system. I mean, we have - we have a crooked system. I mean, we have - we have a crooked system. I mean, we have a crooked system, but I was in - took about a crooked system. But I was in - took about a crooked system. But I was in - took about the press, okay, the press, okay, the press, okay.

I love talking about how dishonest they - I love talking about how dishonest they - I love talking about how dishonest they are. Bureau Republic, you're a - are Bureau Republic, you're a - are Bureau Republic. You're a conservative and I've heard it for years conservative and I've heard it for years conservative and I've heard it for years, but I had no idea and what I was running, but I had no idea and what I was running, but I had no idea.

And what I was running and being being - being knocking out one and being being - being knocking out one and being being - being knocking out one after another, right, am I doing a good after another right? Am I doing a good after another right? Am I doing a good job for you folks, job for you folks, job for you folks?

So I'm knocking out one after another. So, so I'm knocking out one after another. So, so I'm knocking out one after another. So when I'm out, when I'm out running and it when I'm out when I'm out running and it when I'm out when I'm out running and it was bad, I thought it was unfair, but you was bad. I thought it was unfair, but you was bad.

I thought it was unfair, but you know they had 17 people that basically know they had 17 people that basically know they had 17 people that basically they didn't like too much me. They like they didn't like too much me. They like - they didn't like too much me. They like the least by far by far and they'd hit the least by far by far and they'd hit the least by far by far and they'd hit you.

But now it's all toward me and I you - but now it's all toward me and I you - but now it's all toward me and I watch and I say things like the guy I watch and I say things like the guy I watch and I say things Like the guy I meet the press called sleepy eyes, Chuck meet the press called sleepy eyes. Chuck meet the press called sleepy eyes.

Chuck Todd, do you? Did anybody? Ever? The guy was - Todd, do you - did anybody? Ever? The guy was - Todd, do you - did anybody ever? The guy was dying on Meet the Press a year ago, dying on Meet the Press a year ago, dying on Meet the Press. A year ago, year-and-a-half, a while ago, he was dying, year-and-a-half.

A while ago, he was dying, year-and-a-half a while ago, he was dying. Nobody watching Meet the Press, in fact nobody watching Meet the Press. In fact nobody watching Meet the Press. In fact they were talking about taking him off. They were talking about taking him off. They were talking about taking him off everything else, never treated me fairly.

Everything else never treated me fairly. Everything else never treated me fairly. And then what happened was he called me and then what happened was he called me. And then what happened was he called me and he wanted me to do an interview. And - and he wanted me to do an interview. And - and he wanted me to do an interview, and I did it, and it was one of the - I did it, and it was one of the - I did it, and it was one of the highest-rated interviews in the head of highest-rated interviews in the head of Highest-rated interviews in the head of, you know, in the history of Meet the, you know, in the history of Meet the, you know, in the history of Meet the Press, but these are disloyal people, so Press, but these are disloyal people, so Press, but these are disloyal People - so after about two days, he forgot about it after about two days, he forgot about it after about two days, he forgot about it and then he did a little bit more and I - and then he did a little bit more and I - and then he Did a little bit more and I did and he did Meet the Press was fine, did and he did Meet the Press was fine, did and he did Meet the Press was fine right now.

I'm not gonna do any more right now. I'm not gonna do any more right now. I'm not gonna do any more interviews with him, but because I interviews with him, but because I interviews with him, but because I watched him so I watched like yesterday watched him. So I watched like yesterday watched him, so I watched like yesterday and I made the saben something to the - and I made the saben something to the - and I made the saben something to the effect.

I was talking about terrorism and effect. I was talking about terrorism and effect. I was talking about terrorism and I said Saddam Hussein is a bad man. You - I said Saddam Hussein is a bad man. You - I said Saddam Hussein is a bad man. You heard this right, right? You heard this heard this right, right?

You heard this heard this right, right? You heard this. He's a bad man now. They wanted me to. He's a bad man now. They wanted me to. He's a bad man now. They wanted me to talk less. And I spoke for 106 minutes talk less and I spoke for 106 minutes talk less and I spoke for 106 minutes long time, long time without notes long time, long time without notes long time, long time without notes without papers without anything standing without papers without anything Standing without papers without anything standing up in front of four or five networks up in front of four or five networks up in front of four or five networks that are going.

So I said last night that are going. So I said last night that are going. So I said last night, yeah, I'm not reading and no, yeah, I'm not reading and no, yeah, I'm not reading and no teleprompters. I do like teleprompters teleprompters. I do like teleprompters teleprompters. I do like teleprompters actually it's a lot easier teleprompters actually it's a lot easier teleprompters actually it's a lot easier teleprompters let somebody come up and do what I do, let somebody come up and do what I do, let somebody come up and do what I do Right, of course, I'd have about 12 people, right?

Of course, I'd have about 12 people, right? Of course, I'd have about 12 people instead of 7,000 people, but - but I said very simple, but I said very simple, but I said very simple. I said Saddam Hussein is a bad man, bad. I said Saddam Hussein is a bad man bad. I said Saddam Hussein is a bad man, bad guy and I said it three or four times guy and I said it three or four times guy and I said it three or four times really bad cuz.

I know what they're gonna really bad cuz. I know what they're gonna really bad cuz I know what they're gonna do, I said, but one thing is good that do I said, but one thing is good that do I said, but one thing is good that they said this last night. Now they - they said this last night, now they - they said this last night, now they wanted me to talk about Hillary fo for - wanted me to talk about Hillary fo for - wanted me to talk about Hillary fo for 106. You know like four hours, I said you 106, you know, like four hours, I said you 106, you know, like four hours I said, you know, I went 15 minutes over a long time know, I went 15 minutes over a long time know, I went 15 minutes Over a long time talking about our red hold things I talking about our red hold things I talking about our red hold things, I wrote a whole thing, wrote a whole thing, wrote a whole thing.

I mean, she's crooked Hillary. That's all. I mean, she's crooked Hillary. That's all - I mean, she's crooked, Hillary. That's all you have to know. She's crooked as hell. You have to know she's crooked as hell. You have to know she's crooked as hell. No. So no. But listen, listen, listen, listen, no. So no, but listen, listen, listen, listen, no, so - no, but listen, listen, listen, listen, so - so after a while, we want to talk so.

So after a while we want to talk so. So after a while, we want to talk about terrorism, right? We workers will about terrorism, right? We workers will about terrorism, right? We workers will beat Hillary, if we beat Hillary, what beat Hillary, if we beat Hillary, what beat Hillary, if we beat Hillary, what difference does it make as she would say, difference?

Does it make as she would say, difference? Does it make as she would say, what difference is it? What difference? What difference is it? What difference? What difference is it - what difference does it make makes a big difference? What does it make makes a big difference? What does it make makes a big difference?

What difference does it make? Remember the difference does it make - remember the difference does it make - remember the famous tape and green dress, okay, famous tape and green dress, okay, famous tape and green dress, okay. So green dress, yeah, Queen dress, no, she so green dress, yeah, Queen dress, no, she so green dress, yeah, Queen dress, no, she said green pantsuit.

So. So look, so look said green pantsuit. So. So look, so look said green pantsuit so. So look, so look, listen, listen, listen, so last night I said and it was an so last night I said and it was an so last night I said and it was an unbelievable crowd in North Carolina, unbelievable crowd in North Carolina, unbelievable crowd in North Carolina.

Standing ovations all over the place, but standing ovations all over the place, but standing ovations all over the place. But I said bad guys, Saddam was saying bad. I said bad guys, Saddam was saying bad. I said bad guys, Saddam was saying bad guy. Then I said again Saddam Hussein is guy then I said again Saddam Hussein is guy then I said again Saddam Hussein is a bad guy, but he did one thing.

Well he a bad guy, but he did one thing. Well, he a bad guy, but he did one thing well he killed terrorists, right, that's okay. Just killed terrorists, right, that's okay. Just killed terrorists, right, that's okay. Just a quick statement, but I wanted to a quick statement, but I wanted to a quick statement.

But I wanted to emphasize because I know if I didn't emphasize because I know if I didn't emphasize because I know if I didn't emphasize they'd say I like Saddam emphasize they'd say I like Saddam emphasize they'd say I like Saddam Hussein. So I said it, I think three times Hussein. So I said it I think three times Hussein.

So I said it, I think three times bad bad bad fact. I started repeating bad bad bad fact. I started repeating bad bad bad fact. I started repeating myself. I said I don't like that people myself, I said I don't like that people myself, I said I don't like that people gonna say is that guy, okay. So what gonna say is that guy, okay.

So what gonna say is that guy, okay. So what happened, what happened, I said it very happened what happened, I said it very happened what happened, I said it very strongly, bad person, okay. Now it's over strongly bad person. Okay. Now it's over strongly bad person. Okay. Now it's over and we talked about terrorism.

We talked and we talked about terrorism, we talked and we talked about terrorism. We talked about trade. We talked about terminated about trade. We talked about terminated about trade. We talked about terminated and Obamacare and replace it with - and Obamacare and replace it with - and Obamacare and replace it with something great, which we're going to do.

We talked about getting rid of common. We talked about getting rid of common. We talked about getting rid of common core and bringing our education locally core and bringing our education locally core and bringing our education locally and taking away from Washington. He and taking away from Washington he and taking away from Washington.

He talked about borders, we talked about, talked about borders, we talked about, talked about borders. We talked about building a wall, right, building a wall, right, building a wall, right? We talked about our depleted military. We talked about our depleted military. We talked about our depleted military, right.

We talked about our very depleted, right. We talked about our very depleted, right. We talked about our very depleted military built a wall. That's our - I don't military built a wall. That's our - I don't military built a wall. That's our - I don't worry, we're gonna build the wall, don't worry, we're gonna build the wall, don't worry.

We're gonna build the wall, don't worry about it. Okay? I got a builder in worry about it. Okay. I got a builder in worry about it. Okay, I got a builder in there real wall such a low ceiling. Oh, there real wall such a low ceiling. Oh, there real wall such a low ceiling. Oh, we're going a lot higher than this and we're going a lot higher than this and we're going a lot higher than this.

And every time they fight us on that wall it every time they fight us on that wall it every time they fight us on that wall, it gets ten feet higher. Folks believe you gets ten feet higher, folks believe you gets ten feet higher, folks believe, you know we're gonna stop, we're gonna stop know, we're gonna stop, we're gonna stop know, we're gonna stop, we're gonna stop the drugs from coming in.

You know, just the drugs from coming in, you know, just the drugs from coming in, you know, just the case just in case you didn't know so the case just in case you didn't know so the case just in case you didn't know so the Border Patrol Agents 16,500 Border, the Border Patrol agents, 16,500 Border, the Border Patrol agents, 16,500 Border Patrol agents, endorse Donald Trump.

They Patrol agents, endorse Donald Trump. They Patrol agents, endorse Donald Trump. They know what's going on and their job is know what's going on and their job is know what's going on. And their job is much easier now than when they're with much easier now than when they're with much easier now than when they're with me cuz when they're with me, they're me cuz when they're with me, they're me cuz when they're with me, they're gonna be Working hard right now, they gonna be working hard right now, they gonna be working hard right now, they just stand there and so going through just stand there and so going through just stand there and so going through - hello.

Hello, hello, go on through. Welcome to the country, go on through. Welcome to the country, go on through. Welcome to the country, right. We'll take care of you for the right. We'll take care of you for the right. We'll take care of you for the rest of your lives. So it's a lot rest of your lives, so it's a lot rest of your lives.

So it's a lot different. And also sheriff, Joe, we love different and also sheriff, Joe, we love different and also sheriff, Joe, we love Sheriff, Joe chef, Joe endorse, Donald Sheriff, Joe chef, Joe endorse Donald Sheriff, Joe chef Joe endorse Donald right at the Beacon, right? So we have a right at the Beacon, right.

So we have a right at the Beacon, right. So we have a situation right where we go on and we situation right where we go on and we situation right where we go on and we continue to go on and we continue to continue to go on and we continue to continue to go on and We continue to make speeches and we continue to waste, make speeches and we continue to waste, make speeches and we continue to waste time because the politicians aren't time because the politicians aren't time because the politicians aren't listening, right?

They're not listening, listening, right? They're not listening listening, right? They're not listening, but I made a speech and this speech last, but I made a speech and this speech last, but I made a speech and this speech last night was good. And what happened I wake night was good. And what happened, I wake night was good and what happened, I wake up in the morning and we had - you had to up in the morning and we had - you had to up in the morning and we had - you had to see this crowd.

This crowd was see this crowd, this crowd was see this crowd, this crowd was unbelievable the energy, but they were unbelievable the energy, but they were unbelievable the energy, but they were all the crowd seven. I wake up, I turn on all the crowd seven, I wake up, I turn on all the crowd seven. I wake up I turn on the television.

Donald Trump loves Saddam, the television, Donald Trump loves Saddam, the television. Donald Trump loves Saddam Hussein. He loves Saddam Hussein and I Hussein. He loves Saddam Hussein and I Hussein. He loves Saddam Hussein and I was just asked a question by the - was just asked a question by the - was just asked a question by the sincerity inquire inside.

Mr. Trump, is it sincerity inquire inside mr. Trump, is it sincerity inquire inside mr. Trump? Is it true that you love Saddam Hussein true that you love Saddam Hussein true that you love Saddam Hussein essentially like sort of that you know I essentially like sort of that you know I essentially like sort of that you know I said it's not what I Said that's not said, it's not what I said, that's not said, it's not what I said, that's not what I said.

So that's the narrative, the - what I said. So that's the narrative, the - what I said. So that's the narrative. The gunner and I actually put a press gunner and I actually put a press gunner and I actually put a press release out and now the people that saw release out and now the people that saw release out.

And now the people that saw it say that was great, but they - they are - it say that was great, but they - they are - it say that was great, but they - they are liars. These are bad people, these are liars, these are bad people. These are liars. These are bad people, these are people and what I did say and what I did people and what I did say and what I did people and what I did say and what I did say is that he was good at.

One thing he say is that he was good at one thing he say is that he was good at one thing, he was really good at killing terrorists. He was really good at killing terrorists. He was really good at killing terrorists. He didn't wait around. Do you think they didn't wait around, do you think they didn't wait around?

Do you think they gave the terrorists trials at lasted 18, gave the terrorists trials at lasted 18, gave the terrorists trials at lasted 18 years and then after 18 years if they years and then after 18 years if they years and then after 18 years if they Had the right lawyer, they erect a statue, had the right lawyer, they erect a statue, had the right lawyer, they erect a statue in honor of the terrorists, right not was in honor of the terrorists, right not was in honor of the terrorists, right not was Trump.

So I said bad guy, really bad guy Trump, so I said bad guy, really bad guy Trump. So I said bad guy, really bad guy, but he was good at one thing, but he was good at one thing, but he was good at one thing. He killed terrorists next day Donald. He killed terrorists next day Donald. He killed terrorists next day.

Donald Trump loves Saddam Hussein. I don't love Trump loves Saddam Hussein. I don't love Trump loves Saddam Hussein. I don't love Saddam Hussein. I hate Saddam Hussein, but Saddam Hussein. I hate Saddam Hussein but Saddam Hussein, I hate Saddam Hussein, but he was damn good at killing terrorists. He was damn good at killing terrorists.

He was damn good at killing terrorists and now terrorists the people that want and now terrorists the people that want and now terrorists the people that want to be terrorists. They go into Iraq and I - to be terrorists, they go into Iraq and I - to be terrorists, they go into Iraq and I said last night, it's the Harvard, it's said last night, it's the Harvard, it's said last night, it's the Harvard, it's the Harvard University.

It's the Harvard, the Harvard University, it's the Harvard, the Harvard University, it's the Harvard of terrorism. That's what you want to - of terrorism. That's what you want to - of terrorism. That's what you want to learn how to be a terrorist, you go into learn how to be a terrorist, you go into learn how to be a terrorist, you go into Iraq before boom, you're terrorists boom Iraq before boom, you're terrorists boom Iraq before boom, you're terrorists Boom look at the problems we have right now, look at the problems we have right now.

Look at the problems we have right now. We are a very unsafe nation. We are - we are a very unsafe nation. We are - we are a very unsafe nation. We are allowing people to pour into our country, allowing people to pour into our country, allowing people to pour into our country. We're allowing people to pour into a - we're allowing people to pour into a - we're allowing people to pour into a country.

We have no idea who they are country. We have no idea who they are country. We have no idea who they are. These are people coming from the Middle. These are people coming from the Middle. These are people coming from the Middle East. We're taking Syrian refugees by the East. We're taking Syrian refugees by the East.

We're taking Syrian refugees. By the way, I have a bigger heart than anybody way I have a bigger heart than anybody way I have a bigger heart than anybody and will work with them. And I'll get and will work with them and I'll get and will work with them and I'll get other people to put up the money cuz we other people to put up the money cuz we other people to put up the money cuz we are 19 trillion Dollars and now with the are 19 trillion dollars and now with the are 19 trillion dollars.

And now with the kind of budgets that get passed in this kind of budgets that get passed in this kind of budgets that get passed in this country were going up to 21 trillion country were going up to 21 trillion country were going up to 21 trillion Dollars, we don't have the money, but I'll dollars. We don't have the money, but I'll dollars.

We don't have the money, but I'll get the Gulf states to put up the money, get the Gulf states to put up the money, get the Gulf states to put up the money and we'll supervise it and we will build and we'll supervise it and we will Build and we'll supervise it and we will build wonderful as wonderful as it can be in wonderful.

As wonderful as it can be in wonderful. As wonderful as it can be in Syria, safe havens will build safe zones. Syria safe havens will build safe zones. Syria, safe havens will build safe zones and we'll keep them there. We don't want and we'll keep them there. We don't want and we'll keep them there. We don't want them here.

We don't want them here them here. We don't want them here them here. We don't want them here. They're moving people into Ohio that you - they're moving people into Ohio that you - they're moving people into Ohio that you - people don't even need fell into Ohio. People don't even need fell into Ohio. People don't even need fell into Ohio that very well.

This could be one of the - that very well. This could be one of the - that very well. This could be one of the great Trojan horses of all time. They're great Trojan horses of all time. They're great. Trojan horses of all time, they're moving people into Ohio like nobody's moving people into Ohio like nobody's moving people into Ohio like nobody's ever seen and every state and you don't ever seen and every state and you don't ever seen.

And every state and you don't know and your government officials don't know and your government officials don't know and your government officials don't know and nobody knows what the hell is, know and nobody knows what the hell is, know and nobody knows what the hell is happening To our country and we have a happening to our country and we have a happening to our country and we have a president that won't issue the words president.

That won't issue the words president. That won't issue the words radical Islamic terrorism and it's a radical, Islamic terrorism and it's a radical, Islamic terrorism and it's a real problem. It's a real problem. And if real problem, it's a real problem. And if real problem, it's a real problem. And if you don't say what the problem is, you're - you don't say what the problem is, you're - you don't say what the problem is.

You're never going to solve the problem, right? So I watch these media people very, so I watch these media people very. So I watch these media people very dishonest people and I watch that and dishonest people and I watch that and dishonest people and I watch that. And then I also watch. So I get these then I also watch.

So I get these then I also watch. So I get these standing ovations. It was on - on all three standing ovations. It was on, on all three standing ovations. It was on - on all three, I think it was on Fox Live and Fox was - I think it was on Fox Live and Fox was - I think it was on Fox Live and Fox was actually very nice to me I must say.

But actually very nice to me I must say, but actually very nice to me I must say, but it was on Fox live. It was on CNN live. It was on Fox live. It was on CNN live. It was on Fox live. It was on CNN live. CNN is terrible to me tarah know they're - CNN is terrible to me tarah know they're - CNN is terrible to me tarah know they're there, they're dishonest.

I mean, there's - there, they're dishonest. I mean, there's - there, they're dishonest. I mean there's - you ever see it would I have like seven you ever see it would I have like seven you ever see it would I have like seven people and I'll have Jeffrey Lord, I love people and I'll have Jeffrey Lord, I love people and I'll Have Jeffrey Lord, I love Jeffrey look, but I don't watch it, Jeffrey, look, but I don't watch it, Jeffrey, look, but I don't watch it anymore because you know in life when anymore because you know in life when anymore because you know in life when you don't Like something, when you don't like something, when you don't like something, when something's unpleasant to watch it, it something's unpleasant to watch it.

It something's unpleasant to watch it. It turns something else, okay? That's what I turns something else. Okay, that's what I turns something else. Okay, that's what I do. People don't believe it. I don't watch. Do people don't believe it? I don't watch. Do people don't believe it? I don't watch anymore when people treat you unfairly anymore.

When people treat you unfairly anymore, when people treat you unfairly, just turn your back and go someplace, just turn your back and go someplace, just turn your back and go someplace else or knock them on their ass one of else or knock them on their ass. One of else or knock them on their ass, one of the other thing.

So the other thing - so the other thing - so I mean CNN over the weekend, I'll give - I mean, CNN over the weekend, I'll give - I mean, CNN over the weekend. I'll give you an example. So what am I guys who's you an example? So what am I guys who's you an example? So what am I guys who's married to a Jewish woman?

This is a very married to a Jewish woman. This is a very married to a Jewish woman. This is a very fine person dance, Covino, fine person, dance, Covino, fine person, dance Covino. He put out a tweet talking about crooked, he put out a tweet talking about crooked, he put out a tweet talking about crooked.

Hillary Clinton and on the tweet was a Hillary Clinton and on the tweet was a Hillary Clinton and on the tweet was a star. It's a star like a star and I said star, it's a star like a star and I said star, it's a star like a star. And I said, oh, because when I looked at - I didn't - oh, because when I looked at - I didn't - oh, because when I looked at, I didn't think anything, all of a sudden it turned, think anything, all of a sudden it turned, think anything all of a sudden It turned out to be in the minds of the press only out to be in the minds of the press only out to be in the minds of the press only cuz.

He could have been a sheriff stuff cuz. He could have been a sheriff stuff cuz. He could have been a sheriff stuff, could have been a regular star, my boy could have been a regular star. My boy could have been a regular star. My boy comes home from school, baron he draws, comes home from school, baron he draws, comes home from school, baron, he draws, stars all off the place.

I never said, oh stars all off the place. I never said, oh, stars all off the place I never said, oh, that's the Star of David baron don't. So that's the Star of David baron don't. So that's the Star of David baron don't. So it's a star. Have you all seen this? It's - it's a star. Have you all seen this?

It's - it's a star. Have you all seen this? It's a star and it actually looks like a - a star and it actually looks like a - a star and it actually looks like a sheriff, sir, but I don't know and behind sheriff, sir. But I don't know and behind sheriff, sir, but I don't know and behind it, they had money all, but there's money it, they had money all but there's money it, they had money all but there's money behind it.

So actually, they're racially behind it. So actually, they're racially behind it. So actually, they're racially profiling. They're profiling, not us profiling, they're profiling, not us profiling, they're profiling, not us because why are they bringing this up? Because why are they bringing this up? Because why are they bringing this up?

Why do they bring it up because so why do they bring it up because so why do they bring it up because so anyway, so dan is a wonderful guy, a anyway. So dan is a wonderful guy, a anyway. So dan is a wonderful guy, a really good guy. I didn't get angry at really good guy. I didn't get angry at really good guy.

I didn't get angry at him. I said, Dan, that's a star him. I said Dan, that's a star him. I said, Dan, that's a star, don't worry babies, they're also CNN from - don't worry babies. They're also CNN from - don't worry babies. They're also CNN from morning till night morning till night morning till night, bigger than the FBI with Clinton, who's bigger than the FBI with Clinton, who's bigger than the FBI with Clinton, who's crooked as a you-know-what bigger than crooked as a you-know-what bigger than crooked.

As a you-know-what bigger than the all weekend long, CNN dishonest as the all weekend long CNN dishonest as the all weekend long CNN dishonest as hell hell. Hell CNN morning tonight, I have tweets with CNN morning tonight. I have tweets with CNN morning. Tonight. I have tweets with us saying CNN won't talk about anything us saying CNN won't talk about anything us saying CNN won't talk about anything, but the star, they say it's the Star of - but the star, they say it's the Star of - but the star, they say it's The Star of David, all right, I have a son-in-law, David.

All right, I have a son-in-law, David. All right, I have a son-in-law, who's Jewish. Jared was a great guy who's Jewish. Jared was a great guy who's Jewish. Jared was a great guy. My daughter is Jewish. I have - my daughter is Jewish. I have - my daughter is Jewish. I have grandchildren that are Jewish okay and I grandchildren that are Jewish okay and I grandchildren that are Jewish, okay.

And I love them. I love them, love them. I love them, love them. I love them, and these are great people, Ivanka, and these are great people, Ivanka, and these are great people. Ivanka married a Jewish guy, who's brilliant married, a Jewish guy, who's brilliant married, a Jewish guy, who's brilliant, who's wonderful, who's got a great heart, who's wonderful, who's got a great heart, who's wonderful, who's got a great heart.

They have kids, they have kids, they have kids, beautiful, kids, beautiful kids, so they beautiful kids, beautiful kids, so they beautiful kids, beautiful kids. So they took - this star could have been herself, took this star could have been herself, took this star could have been herself or anything. To me it was just a star, but or anything to me it was just a star.

But - or anything to me, it was just a star, but when I really looked, it looked like a - when I really looked, it looked like a - when I really looked, it looked like a sheriff's star, but CNN started this sheriff's star, but CNN started this sheriff's star. But CNN started this dialogue on - it's the Star of David and dialogue on.

It's the Star of David and dialogue on. It's the Star of David. And because it's the Star of David Donald because it's the Star of David Donald because it's the Star of David Donald Trump has racist tendencies. People are Trump, has racist tendencies. People are Trump, has racist tendencies. People are sick.

But I'm telling you they're sick there sit and I'll tell you someday I'm there sit and I'll tell you someday I'm there sit and I'll tell you someday I'm gonna tell you the real story of CNN, but gonna tell you the real story of CNN. But gonna tell you the real story of CNN, but I'm not gonna tell it yet, but they're - I'm not gonna tell it yet, but they're - I'm not gonna tell it yet, but they're sick.

I don't watch it, don't watch it you sick. I don't watch it, don't watch it you sick, I don't watch it, don't watch it. You know what don't watch it anymore and I know what don't watch it anymore and I know what don't watch it anymore. And I have to say Fox is tough on me. Have to say Fox is tough on me have to say Fox is tough on me.

Bill O'Reilly a lot of these guys, but at Bill O'Reilly a lot of these guys but at. Bill O'Reilly, a lot of these guys, but at least they're fair, you know, they're least, they're fair. You know, they're least, they're fair. You know they're tough, but they're fair. And M s nobody tough, but they're fair.

And M s nobody tough, but they're fair. And M s, nobody watches MSNBC, so I don't really - I can't watches MSNBC. So I don't really - I can't watches MSNBC. So I don't really - I can't tell you, no. I mean, nobody watches it, but tell you, no, I mean, nobody watches it. But tell you, no, I mean, nobody watches it, but I think they're better.

I hear they're - I think they're better. I hear they're - I think they're better. I hear they're better than see you then, okay? They call better than see you then, okay, they call better than see you then, okay, they call CNN, the Clinton News Network, CNN, the Clinton News Network, CNN, the Clinton News Network, Clinton.

Think of this. But think of it Clinton, think of this. But think of it Clinton, think of this, but think of it seriously. So this star, which is a star seriously. So this star which is a star seriously. So this star, which is a star, not to start, David, when they told me the - not to start, David, when they told me the - not to start, David, when they told me the Star of David Star of David Star of David.

I said you'd be kidding. How sick are I said you'd be kidding how sick are. I said you'd be kidding. How sick are they actually they're the ones with the - they actually - they're the ones with the - they actually - they're the ones with the bad tendencies when they can think that bad tendencies. When they can think that bad tendencies when they can think that way, they're the one, then they said way they're the one, then they said way they're the one, then they said, remember what I say.

But there's money. Remember what I say, but there's money. Remember what I say, but there's money around the stars and therefore you know around the stars and therefore you know around the stars and therefore you know what that represents, these are sick, what that represents, these are sick, what that represents, these are sick people, they're bad People people, they're bad people, people, they're bad people, they're bad people.

And what you do is they're bad people. And what you do is they're bad people. And what you do is don't watch CNN anymore. I don't watch it, don't watch CNN anymore. I don't watch it. Don't watch CNN anymore, I don't watch it anymore. I don't want and they do it done anymore. I don't want and they do it done anymore.

I don't want and they do it done it. I like Anderson Cooper, I like a it. I like Anderson Cooper. I like a it, I like Anderson Cooper, I like a couple of the people, but mostly it's couple of the people, but mostly it's couple of the people, but mostly it's just negative and they sit around a just negative and they sit around a just negative and They sit around a table, they talk badly about Donald Trump table.

They talk badly about Donald Trump table. They talk badly about Donald Trump wants to talk badly about, you know, it's wants to talk badly about, you know, it's wants to talk badly about, you know, it's very interesting. We started off with 17 very interesting. We started off with 17 very interesting. We started off with 17 and Here I am you and me and look what and Here I am you and me and look what and Here I am you and me and look what we've done together, right, look what we've done together, right, look what we've done Together, right, look, what we've done together, what's, okay, what's we've done together, what's, okay, what's we've done together, what's, okay, what's, okay, what's - so we have unbelievably, okay, what's - so we have unbelievably, okay, what's - so we have unbelievably dishonest media.

So think of that, yes, dishonest media. So think of that, yes, dishonest media. So think of that, yes, they have the star which is fine. I said they have the star which is fine. I said they have the star which is fine. I said she shouldn't have taken it down you, she shouldn't have taken it down you she shouldn't have taken it down.

You know, they took this star down. I said too know they took this star down. I said too know they took this star down. I said too bad, you should have left it up. I would bad. You should have left it up. I would bad. You should have left it up. I would have rather defended it, just leave it up, have rather defended it, just leave it up, have rather defended it, just leave it up and say no, that's not a stir up.

That's and say no, that's not a stir up. That's and say, no, that's not a stir up. That's just a star and social about corrupt just a star and social about corrupt just a star and social about corrupt Hillary corrupt Hillary. But she sent it. Hillary corrupt Hillary, but she sent it. Hillary corrupt Hillary, but she sent it out.

She said, oh, this is her, she's the out. She said, oh, this is her, she's the out. She said, oh, this is her. She's the one that started the dialogue. Do you? One? That started the dialogue, do you one that started the dialogue? Do you know why? Because she wanted to get off know why? Because she wanted to get off know why?

Because she wanted to get off the FBI and you know who got hurt worse, the FBI and you know who got hurt worse. The FBI and you know who got hurt worse by the FBI than anybody, Bernie Sanders by the FBI than anybody, Bernie Sanders by the FBI than anybody, Bernie Sanders, he was waiting for the FBI to make him.

He was waiting for the FBI to make him. He was waiting for the FBI to make him the nominee and it didn't work out and the nominee and it didn't work out and the nominee and it didn't work out and he's the other one. You know, he copied my, he's the other one. You know, he copied my, he's the other one.

You know, he copied my language a little bit, but he was language a little bit, but he was language a little bit. But he was starting to say with the super-delegates starting to say with the super-delegates starting to say with the super-delegates that the system is rigged and you know that the system is rigged and you know that the system is rigged and you know what's happening then doing Polls, I just - what's happening then doing polls, I just - what's happening then doing polls.

I just saw a poll. 22 % of the Bernie Sanders saw a poll, 22 % of the Bernie Sanders saw a poll, 22 % of the Bernie Sanders voters are coming to Trump. I don't know, oona, who knows, and we're - I don't know, oona, who knows. And we're - I don't know, oona, who knows, and we're having a good time. Let me just say the - having a good time.

Let me just say the - having a good time. Let me just say the other thing I got criticized last night. Other thing I got criticized last night. Other thing I got criticized last night, I thought it was really one of the - I thought it was really one of the - I thought it was really one of the better speeches.

You know, I make good, hey, better speeches, you know, I make good, hey, better speeches, you know I make good, hey, do I give good speech, but I thought it do. I give good speech, but I thought it do. I give good speech, but I thought it was one of the Venice features. The place was one of the Venice features.

The place was one of the Venice features. The place was packed. You know they never show how was packed. You know they never show how was packed. You know they never show how many people by the way can you imagine many people by the way, can you imagine many people by the way, can you imagine if I ever had an empty place be the - if I ever had an empty place be the - if I ever had an empty place be the biggest story in the history of the news biggest story in the history of the news biggest story in the history of the news business.

The place was packed right business, the place was packed right business. The place was packed, right, everybody was having a great time and everybody was having a great time and everybody was having a great time and considering the subject is no good considering the subject is no good considering the subject is no good because the subject is about Our country because the subject is about our country because the subject is about our country and our country's in trouble between the and our country's in trouble between the and our country's in trouble.

Between the debt between the joblessness and let me debt between the joblessness and let me debt between the joblessness and let me tell you were the phony five percent tell you were the phony five percent tell you were the phony five percent numbers that you hear about Unemployment numbers that you hear about, unemployment numbers that you hear about unemployment, it's a phony number.

It's a phony number. It's a phony number. It's a phony number. It's a phony number. It's a phony number. It's a number that when somebody looks, it's a number that when somebody looks, it's a number that when somebody looks for a job and I don't want to have you for a job and I don't want to have you for a job and I don't want to Have you raise your hand because you may be raise your hand because you may be raise your hand because you may be embarrassed, I'd be a little embarrassed, embarrassed, I'd be a little embarrassed, embarrassed, I'd be a little embarrassed, somebody looks for a job and they give Somebody looks for a job and they give somebody looks for a job and they give up and they're great people, they're up and they're great people, they're up and they're great people, they're unbelievable.

They've worked all their unbelievable. They've worked all their unbelievable. They've worked all their lives. They can't find a job right and lives, they can't find a job right and lives, they can't find a job, right? And they give up. Now they're considered, they give up. Now they're considered, they give up.

Now they're considered statistically employed. So we show this statistically employed, so we show this statistically employed. So we show this phony number. And on that I don't blame phony number and on that I don't blame phony number. And on that I don't blame Obama so much because frankly this was Obama so much because frankly this was Obama so much because frankly this was to make presidents look good and make to make presidents look good and make to make presidents look good and make politicians Look good, which is not an politicians look good, which is not an politicians look good, which is not an easy thing to do, okay, because they want easy thing to do, okay, because they want easy thing to do, okay, because they want to show, oh, how wonderful The economy so to show, oh, how wonderful the economy, so to show oh, how wonderful the economy.

So just as I was getting off the plane just as I was getting off the plane, just as I was getting off the plane today, we announced straight deficit today. We announced straight deficit today, we announced straight deficit numbers for the month, which were like numbers for the month, which were like numbers for the month, which were like almost record-setting.

We have trade almost record-setting. We have trade almost record-setting. We have trade deficits that are worse than ever before, deficits that are worse than ever before, deficits that are worse than ever before. All I've done for years is talk about all I've done for years is talk about all I've done for years is talk about trade deficit trade.

I used to talk about trade deficit trade. I used to talk about trade deficit trade. I used to talk about Japan now. I talk more about China, but Japan now I talk more about China, but Japan, now I talk more about China, but it's still Japan, it's everybody. It's - it's still Japan, it's everybody. It's - it's still Japan, it's everybody, it's everybody.

We don't make good deals with everybody. We don't make good deals with everybody. We don't make good deals with anybody. But last night I was talking anybody, but last night I was talking anybody, but last night I was talking about trade cuz, I love it, it's my about trade cuz, I love it. It's my about trade cuz, I love it.

It's my favorite subject that and strengthening favorite subject that and strengthening favorite subject that and strengthening our military and taking care of our vets, our military and taking care of our vets, our military and taking care of our vets. Then my favorite subject though that then my favorite subject though that then my favorite subject though that Minds than my favorite subjects other than my children or my other than my children or my other than my children or my grandchildren, I could talk about my grandchildren.

I could talk about my grandchildren. I could talk about my grandchildren. Let's see. He was 39 grandchildren. Let's see. He was 39 grandchildren. Let's see he was 39 minutes in the back of a plane talking minutes in the back of a plane talking minutes. In the back of a plane talking about us, but ladies and gentlemen, the about us, but ladies and gentlemen, the about us.

But ladies and gentlemen, the president is going to talk about his president is going to talk about his president is going to talk about his grandeur. He has - I have eight his grandeur, he has - I have eight his grandeur, he has - I have eight his, but he talked about how long he talked, but he talked about how long he talked, but he talked about how long he talked about.

I'll bet they are beautiful about - I'll bet they are beautiful about - I'll bet they are beautiful, beautiful children. So he says they're beautiful children. So he says they're beautiful children. So he says they're beautiful. They're really smart, they're beautiful. They're really smart, they're beautiful, they're really smart.

They're really good, I love them so much. They're really good. I love them so much. They're really good. I love them so much. They're unbelievable. You know, one is brand-new, unbelievable. You know, one is brand-new, unbelievable. You know, one is brand-new, beautiful, little baby, beautiful, little baby, beautiful, little baby, okay, after about a minute that what can - okay after about a minute that what can - okay after about a minute that what can you talk about, oh, you can say here's a - you talk About, oh, you can say, here's a - you talk about, oh, you can say here's a picture look, look, okay.

So that's one picture. Look, look, okay. So that's one picture. Look, look, okay, so that's one minute out of the 39 minute time right minute out of the 39 minute time right minute out of the 39 minute time. Right. Then we talk about golf, right. So you say then we talk about golf, right? So you say then we talk about golf, right, so you say Jack Nicklaus who endorsed me, I love Jack Nicklaus who endorsed me, I love Jack Nicklaus who endorsed me, I love Jack, I love Jack.

Thank you for greatness, Jack. I love Jack. Thank you for greatness. Jack, I love Jack, thank you for greatness. Jack, did you know Jack endorsed me, do Jack did you know Jack endorsed me do Jack did you know Jack endorsed me, do you know how young Jack was when he won? You know how young Jack was when he won, you know how young Jack was when he won the Ohio State Championship Jack, the Ohio State Championship Jack, the Ohio State Championship.

Jack Nicklaus, he is the greatest guy and he's Nicklaus, he is the greatest guy and he's Nicklaus, he is the greatest guy and he's a friend of mine. Any endorsement, I a friend of mine, any endorsement, I a friend of mine, any endorsement. I didn't ask for the endorsement, I don't didn't ask for the endorsement, I don't didn't ask for the endorsement.

I don't want to do that. I feel like sort of want to do that. I feel like sort of want to do that. I feel like sort of guilty when I ask these people for guilty when I ask these people for guilty. When I ask these people for endorsements, I don't want to do that endorsements. I don't want to do that endorsements.

I don't want to do that. Jack endorsed me, I said thank you, Jack. I Jack endorsed me. I said thank you, Jack. I Jack endorsed me. I said thank you, Jack. I appreciate he said well, you're gonna do appreciate. He said well, you're gonna do appreciate. He said, well, you're gonna do a great job, you're gonna shake things up, a great job, you're gonna shake things up, a great job, you're gonna shake things up.

Now when you talk about winners is Jack, now when you talk about winners is Jack, now when you talk about winners, is Jack a winner, right? Did you see us up? It was a winner, right? Did you see us up? It was a winner, right? Did you see us up, it was on the other day, I think Jack Nicklaus on the other day.

I think Jack Nicklaus on the other day, I think Jack Nicklaus was in the top, the top ten like I think was in the top, the top ten. Like I think was in the top, the top ten like I think it was 18 times, he was in the top, I've - it was 18 times, he was in the top, I've - it was 18 times. He was in the top.

I've never seen anything like it. His records never seen anything like it. His records never seen anything like it. His records, unbelievable. He won it four times, unbelievable, he won it four times, unbelievable, he won it four times top 10, 18 time. This guy is a winner top 10, 18 time. This guy is a winner top 10, 18 time.

This guy is a winner, right. So when I get endorsements from right, so when I get endorsements from right, so when I get endorsements from Jack Nicklaus, Bobby Knight, Bobby Knight, Jack Nicklaus, Bobby Knight, Bobby Knight, Jack Nicklaus. Bobby Knight, Bobby Knight, Bobby Knight, Bobby will be speaking at Bobby Knight.

Bobby will be speaking at Bobby Knight. Bobby will be speaking at the convention. We have so many people. We - the convention we have so many people. We - the convention we have so many people. We have such a great convention planned, but have such a great convention planned, but have such a great convention planned.

But I just have to go back. So this is a - I just have to go back. So this is a - I just have to go back. So this is a final thing. So last night made a great final thing. So last night made a great final thing. So last night made a great speech, standing ovations going crazy speech, standing ovations going crazy speech, standing ovations going crazy.

Nobody talks about the crowd every time nobody talks about the crowd. Every time nobody talks about the crowd. Every time I go home, my wife says how is the crowd? I go home. My wife says how is the crowd I go home? My wife says how is the crowd again, they didn't show, they never show again, they didn't show they never show again, they didn't show they never show the crack.

I tell you the only show where the crack, I tell you the only show where the crack, I tell you the only show where we have protesters. I love my protesters. We have protesters. I love my protesters. We have protesters. I love my protesters don't we have any damn protesters today. Don't we have any damn protesters today?

Don't we have any damn protesters today because when we have protesters the cow, because when we have protesters the cow, because when we have protesters the cow, you think you have one. Now he's two just you think you have one. Now he's two. Just you think you have one now, he's two just now. He's not his friend or foe, friend or now he's not his friend or foe friend or now he's not his friend or foe, friend or foe, his friend, okay, foe his friend, okay, foe his friend, okay.

But I love my protesters because the - but I love my protesters because the - but I love my protesters because the cameras spin around and angles that you cameras spin around and angles that you cameras spin around and angles that you wouldn't believe they do. Somersaults wouldn't believe they do somersaults wouldn't believe they do somersaults around what they look like a sausage around what they look like a sausage around what they look like a sausage, because I went my first two speeches I - because I went my first two speeches I - because I went my first two speeches, I had no protesters and every time I went had no protesters and every time I went had no protesters and every time I went home big crowds and every time I went home big crowds and every time I went home, big Crowds and every time I went home and say, did you see the size of the home and say, did you see the size of the home and say, did you see the size of the crowd?

No, I didn't. Now you can hear the crowd. No, I didn't. Now you can hear the crowd, no, I didn't. Now you can hear the size like last night you heard the size size like last night you heard the size size like last night you heard the size right many, many more than the President, right, many, many more than the President, right, many, many more than the President and Hillary got, but so so people would and Hillary got, but so so people would and Hillary got, but so so people would say, well, I hear it say, well, I hear it say, well, I hear it.

You know, they hear that bird, you know, you know they hear that bird, you know, you know they hear that bird, you know that sort of humming. So that's not like that sort of humming. So that's not like that sort of humming. So that's not like from 12 people, but we have this from 12 people, but we have this from 12 people, but we have this tournament so - so what happens is last tournament so - so what happens is last tournament.

So, so what happens is last night we have a great evening night. We have a great evening night. We have a great evening in North Carolina, a great - we're gonna in North Carolina, a great, we're gonna in North Carolina a great, we're gonna win. North Carolina, we're doing great day win North Carolina. We're doing great day win North Carolina.

We're doing great day, we're gonna win Ohio, we're doing right, we're gonna win Ohio, we're doing right, we're gonna win Ohio we're doing right here. By the way, the section I just left here, by the way, the section I just left here, by the way, the section I just left last week, wonderful congressman and his last week wonderful congressman and his last week wonderful congressman and his wife and I said to Him, I won't use that wife and I said to him, I won't use that wife and I said to him, I won't use that.

I don't want to Barriss anybody, but I - I don't want to Barriss anybody, but I - I don't want to Barriss anybody. But I said, did you endorse me said, even if I said, did you endorse me said even if I said, did you endorse me said even if I don't like you, I would endorse you. You don't like you. I would endorse you.

You don't like you. I would endorse you, you know why mr. Trump you have a twenty know why. Mr. Trump you have a twenty know why. Mr. Trump, you have a twenty nine point lead in this section of I or nine point lead in this section of I or nine point lead in this section of I or twenty nine points I said you're right, twenty nine points.

I said you're right, twenty nine points. I said you're right, you have to endorse me, we're gonna take, you have to endorse me, we're gonna take, you have to endorse me. We're gonna take care of our miners care of our miners, care of our miners and we're going to take care of our - and we're going to take care of our - and we're going to take care of our steel workers, Hilary's not - she's gonna steel workers Hilary's not she's gonna steel workers, Hilary's not she's gonna put you out of business because if she put you out of business, because if she put you out of business, because if she ever won, she would sign TPP, which will ever won, she would sign TPP, which will ever won she would sign TPP, which will make NAFTA which was signed by her make NAFTA, which was signed by her make NAFTA, which was signed by her husband, which the worst in my opinion husband which the worst in my opinion husband which the Worst, in my opinion, the worst trade deal in the history of the worst trade deal in the history of the worst trade deal in the history of this country.

And it's not even close this country and it's not even close this country. And it's not even close signed by Bill Clinton and he didn't signed by Bill Clinton and he didn't signed by Bill Clinton and he didn't suffer from it. It was everybody that suffer from it. It was everybody that suffer from it. It was everybody that followed him that suffered from it where followed him that suffered from it where followed him that suffered from it where your jobs are moving.

I look at your jobs, your jobs are moving. I look at your jobs, your jobs are moving. I look at your jobs with him moving down to Mexico, right, with him moving down to Mexico, right, with him moving down to Mexico right there. Moving to Mexico, one after another there moving to Mexico, one after another there moving to Mexico, one after another that move into Mexico, China is coming that move into Mexico.

China is coming that move into Mexico. China is coming and dumping the steel making it and dumping the steel, making it and dumping the steel, making it impossible for your steel plants. They're impossible for your steel plants. They're impossible for your steel plants. They're devaluing their currencies.

We do nothing devaluing their currencies. We do nothing devaluing their currencies. We do nothing about it. Folks, I'm gonna do so much about it. Folks, I'm gonna do so much about it, folks, I'm gonna do so much about it. It's going to be so easy. It's about it. It's going to be so easy, it's about it.

It's going to be so easy. It's gonna be so easy, it's gonna be so easy gonna be so easy, it's gonna be so easy gonna be so easy, it's gonna be so easy. So last night we had this time and then so last night we had this time and then so last night we had this time and then I wake up and I hear number one, I love, I wake up and I hear number one, I love.

I wake up and I hear number one, I love Saddam Hussein. I hate Saddam Hussein, but Saddam Hussein, I hate Saddam Hussein, but Saddam Hussein. I hate Saddam Hussein, but I love Saddam Hussein. According to the - I love Saddam Hussein. According to the - I love Saddam Hussein. According to the press, because they're dishonest to sell press because they're dishonest to sell press because they're dishonest to sell.

They heard what I said. And number two, they heard what I said. And number two, they heard what I said. And number two, and they said it very, very strongly, they - and they said it very, very strongly, they - and they said it very, very strongly. They said he should have spoken about. Hillary said he should have spoken about.

Hillary said he should have spoken about. Hillary Clinton long and I wrote out like four Clinton long and I wrote out like four Clinton long and I wrote out like four pages that I wrote out and I read it pages that I wrote out and I read it pages that I wrote out. And I read it point by point by point and after a long point by point by point and after a long point by point by point and after a long time, I don't know many, many minutes you time.

I don't know many, many minutes you time. I don't know many, many minutes. You know I got thousands of people and this know I got thousands of people and this know I got thousands of people and this really stupid guy, Chuck Todd, I won't use really stupid guy. Chuck Todd, I won't use really stupid guy, Chuck Todd, I won't use this thing.

I refuse to use his name. I this thing I refuse to use his name. I - this thing I refuse to use his name, I refuse to call up sleepy eyes. I'm not refuse to call up sleepy eyes. I'm not refuse to call up sleepy eyes. I'm not gonna call him sleepy eyes on him, gonna call him sleepy eyes on him, gonna call him sleepy eyes on him.

But he's talking about - he had an - but he's talking about - he had an - but he's talking about - he had an opportunity to hit Hillary Clinton opportunity to hit Hillary Clinton opportunity to hit Hillary Clinton height. Did you see what I did to her height? Did you see what I did to her height, did you see what I did to her last night?

I just went, am I correct last night, I just went, am I correct last night? I just went, am I correct? I mean, it got to a point it got - I was - I mean, it got to a point it got - I was - I mean, it got to a point it got - I was hitting her so hard and the problem is hitting her so hard. And the problem is hitting her so hard.

And the problem is I'm a professional and I'm hitting her, I'm a professional and I'm hitting her, I'm a professional and I'm hitting her so hard. And I know it doesn't mean so hard. And I know it doesn't mean. So hard - and I know it doesn't mean anything because the system is rigged, anything because the system is rigged, anything because the system is rigged and it's fixed and it's broken and it's fixed and it's broken and it's fixed and it's broken.

So I'm doing it and I'm doing it because so I'm doing it and I'm doing it because so I'm doing it and I'm doing it because I feel I have to do it. And - and it's sort - I feel I have to do it. And - and it's sort - I feel I have to do it and - and it's sort of boring to do it, to be honest with you, of boring to do it, to be honest with you, of boring to do it, to be honest with you.

So I didn't want and I wanted to get on, so I didn't want and I wanted to get on. So I didn't want and I wanted to get on to the military and the vets. I want to, to the military and the vets, I want to, to the military and the vets, I want to get on to these other subjects. I want to get on to these other subjects.

I want to get on to these other subjects. I want to get on to terror, okay, because we are get on to terror, okay, because we are get on to terror, okay, because we are going to experience things that you going to experience, things that you going to experience, things that you won't even believe folks Watch the won't even believe folks watch the won't even believe folks watch the predictions, lots of predictions, right predictions, lots of predictions, right predictions, lots of predictions, right.

And I want to get on to terror and one and I want to get on to terror and one and I want to get on to terror. And one of the reasons the women are liking me a of the reasons the women are liking me a of the reasons the women are liking me a lot lately is because thank you. Thank lot lately is because thank you.

Thank lot lately is because thank you. Thank you. Thank you because they feel I'm you. Thank you because they feel I'm you. Thank you because they feel I'm going to keep our country safe, I'm gonna going to keep our country safe, I'm gonna going to keep our country safe. I'm gonna keep our country and they love Ivanka and they love and they love Ivanka and they love and they love Ivanka, and they love Melania and Melania and Ivanka and Eric Melania and Melania and Ivanka and Eric Melania and Melania and Ivanka and Eric and Tiffany and Don are gonna be - and Tiffany and Don are gonna be, and Tiffany and Don are gonna be speaking at the convention.

So we're speaking at the convention. So we're speaking at the convention. So we're gonna see. And by the way, so just to gonna see and by the way, so just to gonna see and by the way, so just to finish by the way so - so I get hit this finish by the way. So, so I get hit this finish by the way. So, so I get hit this morning like he had the opportunity to morning like he had the opportunity to morning like he had the opportunity to go after.

Everyone said I'm in a great go after everyone said I'm in a great go after everyone said I'm in a great speech. I'll tell you how bad my speech speech. I'll tell you how bad my speech speech, I'll tell you how bad my speech was last night. CNN covered it from point was last night. CNN covered it from point was last night.

CNN covered it from point to point without a commercial Fox to point without a commercial Fox to point without a commercial Fox covered it practically from beginning to covered it practically from beginning to covered it practically from beginning to end end end. Others covered it from. That's how bad my others covered it from.

That's how bad my others covered it from. That's how bad my speech was yesterday. That's how bad you speech was yesterday. That's how bad you speech was yesterday. That's how bad you know if it were bad folks. These guys know if it were bad folks, these guys know if it were bad folks, these guys, they don't care about polls, they don't - they don't care about polls, they don't - they don't care about polls.

They don't care about anything. They only care about care about anything. They only care about care about anything, they only care about. One thing, what's the one thing ratings, one thing, what's the one thing ratings, one thing, what's the one thing ratings ratings. So I made a speech last night ratings, so I made a speech last night ratings.

So I made a speech last night that some of the folks gave an A - to some that some of the folks gave an A to some that some of the folks gave an A to some of them gave an A to. But when I saw NBC of them gave an A to, but when I saw NBC of them gave an A to, but when I saw NBC sleepy eyes shut up this morning said he sleepy eyes shut up this morning said he sleepy eyes shut up this morning.

Said he had a chance to really go after Hillary had a chance to really go after Hillary had a chance to really go after Hillary Clinton - oh, what I did to her. But you Clinton? Oh, what I did to her. But you Clinton - oh, what I did to her, but you know after a while we have to talk about know after a while, we have to talk about know after a while we have to talk about other things, okay?

So here's the story, other things, okay. So here's the story, other things, okay. So here's the story. We're gonna make America great. Again, we're gonna make America great. Again, we're gonna make America great. Again, you're gonna make America, you're gonna make America, you're gonna make America, we're gonna take our country back for we're gonna take our country back for we're gonna take our country back for everybody, not for us, not for this room, everybody.

Not for us not for this room, everybody, not for us, not for this room, not for this room, not for the overflow, not for this room, not for the overflow, not for this room, not for the overflow room, not for the people outside. We're room not for the people outside. We're room not for the people outside.

We're going to take our country back, going to take our country back, going to take our country back for everyone. We're going to take it back for everyone. We're going to take it back for everyone. We're going to take it back for African American youth who have a for African American youth who have a for African American youth who have a fifty nine percent unemployment rate by fifty nine percent unemployment rate by fifty nine percent unemployment rate.

By the way, fifty nine person we're going to the way fifty, nine person, we're going to the way fifty, nine person. We're going to take it back for african-american youth, take it back for african-american youth, take it back for african-american youth who have a fifty nine percent who have a fifty nine percent who have a fifty nine percent unemployment rate and have no chance.

Unemployment rate and have no chance unemployment rate and have no chance they have no chance in our society you - they have no chance in our society you - they have no chance in our society. You know, I just spoke to big Don King big know, I just spoke to big Don King big know I just spoke to big Don King big, Don King just spoke to him ten minutes.

Don King just spoke to him ten minutes. Don King just spoke to him ten minutes ago. I said that I'd love you to speak at ago. I said that I'd love you to speak at ago. I said that I'd love you to speak at the convention because you know what you the convention because you know what you the convention because you know what you beat the system and he's a friend of beat the system and he's a friend of beat the system.

And he's a friend of mine MCDOT greatest boxing promoter of mine MCDOT greatest boxing promoter of mine MCDOT greatest boxing promoter of all time. In fact, somebody said and Mike all time in fact somebody said and Mike all time in fact somebody said and Mike Tyson endorsed me as you know and Don Tyson endorsed me as you know and Don Tyson endorsed me as you know and Don King endorsement, Don King did he owns a King endorsement, Don King did.

He owns a King endorsement. Don King did. He owns a newspaper. He endorsed Donald Trump for newspaper. He endorsed Donald Trump for newspaper. He endorsed Donald Trump for president, Bernie Sanders for vice president, Bernie Sanders for vice president, Bernie Sanders for vice president, how do you like that?

He put a president, how do you like that? He put a president, how do you like that? He put a big ad in the paper, his paper. He wants big ad in the paper, his paper. He wants big ad in the paper. His paper he wants. Bernie Sanders for vice-presidents, the Bernie Sanders for vice-presidents, the Bernie Sanders for vice-presidents, the new one that's big.

Don King so Wow, that's that I like that too. Wow, that's that I like that too. Wow, that's that I like that too. We like we like to do and I'll tell you, we like we like to do and I'll tell you, we like we like to do and I'll tell you what nude nude has been my friend for a what nude nude has been my friend for a, what Nude nude has been my friend for a long time and I'm not saying anything long time and I'm not saying anything long time and I'm not saying anything and I'm not telling even nude anything.

And I'm not telling even nude anything. And I'm not telling even nude anything, but I can tell you in one form or - but I can tell you in one form or - but I can tell you in one form or another, Newt Gingrich is going to be another Newt Gingrich is going to be another Newt Gingrich is going to be involved with our government that I can involved with our government that I can involved with our government that I can tell you, okay, he's gonna be.

He's smart. He's tough he, he's gonna be. He's smart, he's tough he. He's gonna be - he's smart, he's tough, he gets it and he says I'm the biggest gets it. And he says I'm the biggest gets it. And he says I'm the biggest thing he's ever seen in the history of thing he's ever seen in the history of thing he's ever seen in the history of politics around now newts, gonna be politics around now newts, gonna be politics around now newts, gon Na be involved if I get approval from his wife involved, if I get approval from his wife involved, if I get approval from his wife, that may be - that may be tough.

But that's - that may be that may be tough but that's that may be that may be tough but that's okay and you know I have somebody else, okay and you know I have somebody else, okay and you know I have somebody else very special here. So I have wonderful, very special here. So I have wonderful, very special here.

So I have wonderful children and you know I'm lucky they children and you know I'm lucky they children and you know I'm lucky they were smart, they were born smart, okay, were smart. They were born smart, okay, were smart, they were born smart, okay. There was spark, God was good and they - there was spark, God was good and they - there was spark, God was good and they went to great schools and they did well, went to great schools and they did well, went to great schools and they did well.

And they're in business and they do well and they're in business and they do well and they're in business and they do well. And they feel so strongly about what I'm - and they feel so strongly about what I'm - and they feel so strongly about what I'm doing. They don't even like it in terms doing - they don't even like it in terms doing.

They don't even like it in terms of doing it themselves. They love what of doing it themselves. They love what of doing it themselves. They love what they're doing, and my one boy is here, they're doing. And my one boy is here, they're doing. And my one boy is here, Eric trump era, and I'm very proud of Eric.

He's done a - and I'm very proud of Eric. He's done a - and I'm very proud of Eric. He's done a great job in the real estate business, great job in the real estate business, great job in the real estate business. Now I throw him into this political now I throw him into this political now. I throw him into this political business.

I know he's doing a damn good business. I know he's doing a damn good business. I know he's doing a damn good job, but he loves the real estate and you job, but he loves the real estate and you job. But he loves the real estate and you know what I did I - let me tell you a know what I did. I - let me tell you a know what I did.

I - let me tell you a little story these I love this, I love little story. These - I love this, I love little story these I love this, I love this crap it nice one. You don't read this crap, it nice one. You don't read this crap, it nice one. You don't read from a speech. Ladies and gentlemen, thank from a speech.

Ladies and gentlemen, thank from a speech, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you very much for being here or Hillary you very much for being here or Hillary you very much for being here or Hillary with the teleprompters every single time with the teleprompters every single time with the teleprompters every single time.

And whether you go north and south or and whether you go north and south or and whether you go north and south or east and west east and west east and west Donald Trump is a bad person. Donald Donald Trump is a bad person. Donald Donald Trump is a bad person. Donald Trump made a lot of money in Atlantic.

Trump made a lot of money in Atlantic, Trump made a lot of money in Atlantic City, but he hurt the little people she City, but he hurt the little people she City. But he hurt the little people, she calls it a little bit, he hurt a little, calls it a little bit, he hurt a little, calls it a little bit, he hurt a little bit, it didn't made a lot of money and bit.

It didn't made a lot of money and bit, it didn't made a lot of money and government what they did, I'll tell you government what they did, I'll tell you government what they did, I'll tell you you did. You see that sham, I left seven you did you see that sham, I left seven you did you see that sham I left seven years ago, but - but she goes this and then years ago, but - but she goes this and then years ago, but - but she goes This - and then after a little while, if you ever noticed after a little while, if you ever noticed after a little while, if you ever noticed after about 12 minutes, people start after about 12 minutes, people start after about 12 minutes.

People start leaving. We can't do that, the nice part leaving, we can't do that. The nice part leaving, we can't do that. The nice part is - let me tell you, so I go to Scotland is let me tell you. So I go to Scotland is let me tell you. So I go to Scotland and I know I'm gonna get killed. If I go and I know I'm gonna get killed, if I go and I know I'm gonna get killed, if I go to Scotland, because the press is so to Scotland, because the press is so to Scotland, because the press is so dishonest I went There to make sure that dishonest I went there to make sure that dishonest I went there to make sure that my boy who I bought Turnberry four, five, my boy who I bought Turnberry four, five.

My boy who I bought Turnberry four, five years ago. And we're doing this massive years ago and we're doing this massive years ago and we're doing this massive renovation just like we're gonna be renovation just like we're gonna be renovation just like we're gonna be opening the old post office in October, opening the Old post office in October opening the old post office in October, we're a year ahead of schedule.

I could - we're a year ahead of schedule. I could - we're a year ahead of schedule. I could open it sooner, but I want to get it as open it sooner. But I want to get it as open it sooner, but I want to get it as close to the election as possible. Does close to the election as possible, does close to the election as possible.

Does that make sense to you? I'm delaying the that make sense to you. I'm delaying the that make sense to you. I'm delaying the opening because I want it to be so close opening because I want it to be so close opening because I want it to be so close because when I open it, even if I delay because when I open it, even if I delay, because When I open it even if I delay it a month or two, the hotels gonna open it a month or two, the hotels gonna open it a month or two, the hotels gonna open sooner, but I want to say we're more than sooner.

But I want to say we're more than sooner, but I want to say we're more than a year ahead of schedule and were under a year ahead of schedule and were under a year ahead of schedule and were under budget. And the product is even better budget. And the product is even better budget and the product is even better than I said it was going to be right than I said it was going to be right than I said it was going to be right November 7th the day before the big day November 7th the day before the big day, November 7th, the day before the big day, oh, we're gonna have and the press will, oh, we're gonna have and the press will, oh, we're gonna have and the press will be there and they'll be there by The be there and they'll be there by the be there and they'll be there by the hundreds, but they won't say we're under hundreds, but they won't say we're under hundreds, but they won't say we're under budget.

They won't say we're ahead of budget. They won't say we're ahead of budget, they won't say we're ahead of schedule, they would, but that's okay schedule they would, but that's okay schedule they would, but that's okay. People know. But what happened is we have people know, but what happened is we have people know.

But what happened is we have children and I want to support my children and I want to support my children and I want to support my children. I think I've been a good father, children. I think I've been a good father, children. I think I've been a good father and I want to support me, so I put Eric and I want to support me.

So I put Eric and I want to support me. So I put Eric Trump, I like individual things. Ivanka Trump, I like individual things. Ivanka Trump, I like individual things. Ivanka has been great. Don's been great, too, has been great. Don's been great, too, has been great. Don's been great, too. He's just starting now.

She just is - he's just starting now, she just is - he's just starting now, she just is graduated from college. Baron has great, graduated from college, Baron has great, graduated from college. Baron has great potential, but he's 10, but he's got great potential, but he's 10, but he's got great potential, but he's 10, but he's got great potential.

But I put my children as they potential. But I put my children as they potential. But I put my children as they grow a little bit older in charge of grow a little bit older in charge of grow a little bit older in charge of different jobs. And I put Eric in charge different jobs and I put Eric in charge different jobs.

And I put Eric in charge of the great Turnberry resort in of the great Turnberry resort in of the great Turnberry resort in Scotland where they home with the Scotland where they home with the Scotland where they home with the British Open, which now they call the British Open, which now they call the British Open, which now they call the Open Championship and Eric spent the Open Championship and Eric spent the Open Championship and Eric spent the last year going back and forth.

He'd last year going back and forth. He'd last year going back and forth, he'd spent two days over there then come back, spent two days over there then come back, spent two days over there then come back then go back and fight with contractors, then go back and fight with contractors, then go back And fight with contractors and he got great contractors and they - and he got great contractors and they - and he got great contractors and they did an unbelievable job.

I've been - did an unbelievable job. I've been did an unbelievable job. I've been hearing about it. So I said, you know, if I hearing about it, so I said, you know, if I hearing about it, so I said, you know, if I go over there, these dishonest horrible go over there. These dishonest horrible go over there.

These dishonest horrible human beings are gonna say Trump went, human beings are gonna say Trump went, human beings are gonna say Trump went over to play. Golf Trump in the middle of over to play golf Trump in the middle of over to play. Golf Trump in the middle of a campaign, I can't do that, but I have to a campaign, I can't do that.

But I have to a campaign, I can't do that. But I have to support my my children right. Do you support my my children right? Do you support my my children right, do you agree if you were so? So I said you know, agree if you were so. So I said you know, agree if you were so. So I said you know what I want to fly over.

I don't want to what I want to fly over. I don't want to what I want to fly over. I don't want to fly back and I want to support my son. So fly back and I want to support my son. So fly back and I want to support my son, so what happened, but just to show you how - what happened, but just to show you how - what happened, but just to show you how this this this no, no, just to show you how dishonest no, no.

Just to show you how dishonest, no, no, just to show you how dishonest Hillary Clinton is and the press, so I go, Hillary Clinton is and the press, so I go, Hillary Clinton is and the press. So I go out, we have the bagpipes we have out. We have the bagpipes we have out. We have the bagpipes. We have everything.

We have a ribbon-cutting on everything. We have a ribbon-cutting on everything. We have a ribbon-cutting on the ninth day and the beautiful 90, the ninth day and the beautiful 90, the ninth day. And the beautiful 90 overlooking the ocean and the beautiful overlooking the ocean and the beautiful overlooking the ocean and the beautiful light that's one of the greatest courses light.

That's one of the greatest courses light. That's one of the greatest courses anywhere in the world. We rebuilt the anywhere in the world, we rebuilt the anywhere in the world. We rebuilt the course. We rebuild to everything we course. We rebuild to everything we course. We rebuild to everything. We rebuilt the hotel, it's great and that rebuilt the hotel, it's great and that rebuilt the hotel, it's great.

And that was the day that Europe had. The big turn was the day that Europe had the big turn was the day that Europe had the big turn where UK left, right? They left not where UK left, right? They left not where UK left, right? They left not bragging, but I have a pulse right. That's bragging, but I have a pulse right, that's bragging, but I have a pulse right, that's what we need.

We need somebody with touch what we need. We need somebody with touch what we need. We need somebody with touch. We have horrible people. They have no - we have horrible people, they have no - we have horrible people, they have no touch, no brain, no, nothing. So you had touch. No brain, no, nothing. So you had touch.

No brain, no, nothing. So you had Obama say if that happens, they're gonna Obama say if that happens, they're gonna Obama say if that happens, they're gonna go to the back of the line. I would say go to the back of the line. I would say go to the back of the line, I would say that wasn't a great, I think Obama might that wasn't a great - I think Obama might that wasn't a great - I think Obama might have been.

The reason that they broke have been the reason that they broke have been the reason that they broke away, okay? He doesn't help thing he away. Okay, he doesn't help thing he away. Okay, he doesn't help thing. He actually said that the UK is going to actually said that the UK is going to actually said that the UK is going to the back of the line, not a nice - the back of the line, not a nice - the back of the line, not a nice Statement not a nice - the - can you imagine statement, not a nice - the can you imagine statement, not a nice the can you imagine if I said that the back of the line?

Oh, if I said that the back of the line. Oh, if I said that the back of the line, oh, would I be killed for that statement? So would I be killed for that statement? So would I be killed for that statement? So he said they got in the back of the line. He said they got in the back of the line, he said they got in the back of the line.

Okay. Bottom line is I say ask me a lot. Okay. Bottom line is I say ask me a lot. Okay. Bottom line is, I say, ask me a lot of times. I said no, I think they're gonna of times I said no. I think they're gonna of times I said no. I think they're gonna break away. I think they want their break away. I think they want their break away.

I think they want their independence. I think they're gonna break independence. I think they're gonna break independence. I think they're gonna break away away away, see what's happening with the migration, see what's happening with the migration, see what's happening with the migration. I see where countries are being forced.

I see where countries are being forced. I see where countries are being forced against their will to take these people against their will to take these people against their will to take these people that don't want them and instead of that don't want them and instead of that don't want them. And instead of building these wonderful places where building these wonderful places where building these wonderful places where they can ultimately go back to their, they can ultimately go back to their - they can ultimately go back to their homeland where they want to be anyway, homeland, where they Want to be anyway homeland where they want to be anyway, they're just being forced.

So Germany is they're just being forced. So Germany is - they're just being forced. So Germany is a disaster right there. Sweden parts of a disaster right there, Sweden parts of a disaster right there, Sweden, parts of Sweden, I mean things are really bad. So I - Sweden, I mean things are really bad. So I - Sweden, I mean things are really bad.

So I said, I think they're gonna and by the said, I think they're gonna and by the said, I think they're gonna - and by the way, the odds were 20 % that I'd be right way the odds were 20 % that I'd be right Way the odds were 20 % that I'd be right, 20 % because I said it's not gonna happen 20 % because I said it's not gonna happen 20 % because I said it's not gonna happen, they're gonna approve and that's gonna, they're Gon na approve and that's gonna, they're gonna approve and that's gonna be the end of that.

I was right, they be the end of that. I was right, they be the end of that. I was right, they broke away, they broke away. I was one and broke away, they broke away. I was one and broke away. They broke away. I was one. And then the next day they said, Oh, Trump was then the next day they said, Oh, Trump was.

Then the next day they said, Oh, Trump was right, the same thing could happen in the right. The same thing could happen in the right. The same thing could happen in the United States. Let me tell you were gonna, United States, let me tell you were gonna, United States, let me tell you were gonna be right a second time folks, it's gonna be right a second time folks.

It's gonna be right a second time folks. It's gonna happen, happen happen because we're tired of incompetent because we're tired of incompetent because we're tired of incompetent people. We're tired of incompetent people. We're tired of incompetent people. We're tired of incompetent leadership and incompetent people and leadership and incompetent people and leadership and incompetent people and Hillary Clinton.

I said bare judgment, Hillary Clinton, I said bare judgment, Hillary Clinton. I said bare judgment. She's incompetent. Okay? She's incompetent. Okay? She's incompetent. Okay? She's income. The only good thing, she's - she's income, the only good thing, she's she's income. The only good thing she's ever done is get out of trouble.

When ever done is get out of trouble. When ever done is get out of trouble when anybody else would have been in jail by anybody else would have been in jail by anybody else would have been in jail by now. That's the only thing that I've ever now that's the only thing that I've ever now that's the only thing that I've ever seen her do.

That was a great job. I got ta seen her do. That was a great job. I got ta seen her do. That was a great job. I got ta give her credit, I got ta give her credit, give her credit, I got ta, give her credit, give her credit, I got ta give her credit, I got ta give Bill Clinton credit for, I got ta give Bill Clinton credit for, I got ta Give Bill Clinton credit for going to that plane and saying for 39 going to that plane and saying for 39 going to that plane and saying for 39 minutes, he talked about his minutes.

He talked about his minutes, he talked about his grandchildren and he talked about golf grandchildren and he talked about golf grandchildren and he talked about golf. There's no way you could do that. I told there's no way you could do that. I told there's no way you could do that. I told you two minutes for the grandchildren you two minutes for the grandchildren you two minutes for the grandchildren.

Two minutes for golf. We got 35 or 36, two minutes for golf. We got 35 or 36, two minutes for golf, we got 35 or 36 minutes left, what are we gonna talk minutes left, what are we gonna talk minutes left, what are we gonna talk about? Hillary and Hillary then talks about. I think I'd and Hillary then talks about, I think I'd and Hillary then talks about, I think I'd reappoint the Attorney General and reappoint, the Attorney General and reappoint, the Attorney General.

And you're waiting for a decision by the - you're waiting for a decision by the - you're waiting for a decision by the Attorney General and you're saying Attorney General and you're saying Attorney General and you're saying you're gonna give her a job. You're not - you're gonna give her a job. You're not - you're gonna give her a job.

You're not allowed to do that. That's bribery folks allowed to do that. That's bribery folks allowed to do that. That's bribery folks. And then the Attorney General comes out and then the Attorney General comes out and then the Attorney General comes out as new said. But the Attorney General, as new said, but the Attorney General as new said.

But the Attorney General comes out then the Attorney General says comes out, then the Attorney General says comes out then the Attorney General says no charges. That's bribery, wouldn't you? No charges? That's bribery, wouldn't you? No charges? That's bribery, wouldn't you say it's bribery? You're not - suppose she say it's bribery, you're not - suppose she say it's bribery, you're not suppose she said she's gonna reappoint.

The Attorney said she's gonna reappoint. The Attorney said she's gonna reappoint, the Attorney General and the Attorney General is General. And the Attorney General is General. And the Attorney General is waiting to make a determination as to waiting to make a determination as to waiting to make a determination as to whether or not she's guilty.

And boy was whether or not she's guilty. And boy was whether or not she's guilty. And boy, was that a fast determination, Wow, sure to that a fast determination, Wow! Sure to that a fast determination, Wow! Sure to wait at least waited a little bit longer, wait at least waited a little bit longer, wait at least waited a little bit longer, don't just come out with one or two, don't just come out with one or two, don't just come out with one or Two sentences talk about it a little bit, so sentences talk about it a little bit.

So sentences talk about it a little bit. So look, again, again, trouble. So here's what look, again, again, trouble. So here's what look again, again, trouble. So here's what happens. I go to Scotland, beautiful, the happens, I go to Scotland, beautiful, the happens, I go to Scotland, beautiful, the weather was beautiful, the waves are - weather was beautiful, the waves are - weather was beautiful, the waves are crashing up on the rocks.

We're opening crashing up on the rocks, we're opening crashing up on the rocks. We're opening the cores, getting ready to cut a ribbon, the cores, getting ready to cut a ribbon, the cores getting ready to cut a ribbon. We have so many press we had over 400. We have so many press we had over 400, we have so many press we had over 400 hope.

The legendre helped how many 400 hope the legendre helped how many 400 hope the legendre helped how many 400, 400, 450, what it was unbelievable because 400, 450 what it was unbelievable because 400, 450 what it was unbelievable because they were all there for bricks and they - They were all there for bricks and they - they were all there for bricks and they were all there to see what was gonna were all there to see what was gonna were all there to see what was gonna happen.

Will the UK break away? And now happen, will the UK break away and now happen, will the UK break away and now that's about six hours old. So they're - that's about six hours old. So they're - that's about six hours old. So they're bored, they want the next door. So the bored, they want the next door, so the bored, they want the next door.

So the next door is Trump. So I go there and all next door is Trump. So I go there and all next door is Trump. So I go there and all of a sudden I start hearing these things of a sudden, I start hearing these things of a sudden I start hearing these things Dwarfs Trump doing in Scotland where Dwarfs Trump doing in Scotland where Dwarfs Trump doing in Scotland where he's Playing golf, okay, so I have a news.

He's playing golf, okay? So I have a news. He's playing golf, okay? So I have a news conference. It was a great news conference. It was a great news conference. It was a great news conference. Even newt said that was a conference even newt said that was a conference even newt said that was a great news conference, right?

I did a good great news conference, right? I did a good great news conference, right? I did a good job Newt when Newt says I did a good job job Newt when Newt says I did a good job job Newt when Newt says I did a good job. He's a very critical guy. He sometimes he's a very critical guy. He sometimes he's a very critical guy.

He sometimes says, I don't like what he's saying, but says I don't like what he's saying, but says I don't like what he's saying. But there I did a good job right Newt Newt there. I did a good job right Newt Newt there. I did a good job right Newt Newt. So - so let me just tell you some answer I so. So let me just tell you some answer I so.

So let me just tell you some answer. I said any questions, so I'm not talking said any questions. So I'm not talking said any questions. So I'm not talking about there any questions and the place about there any questions and the place about there any questions and the place goes crazy. The cameras I'm telling you goes crazy.

The cameras I'm telling you goes crazy. The cameras I'm telling you, we had as big a group of media as you've - we had as big a group of media as you've - we had as big a group of media as you've ever seen. They all drove up, you know, ever seen they all drove up. You know ever seen they all drove up, you know, from London, different blood, everybody this converged on temporary, this converged on temporary, this converged on temporary.

Some taking questions, one of the - some taking questions, one of the - some taking questions, one of the questions was mr. Trump. If the pound questions was mr. Trump, if the pound questions was mr. Trump, if the pound goes down, how will Turnberry do so I say goes down, how will Turnberry do so I say goes down, how will Turnberry do?

So I say I didn't bring this up. I didn't bring this up. I didn't bring this up. I said, look, here's what happens. If the - I said, look, here's what happens. If the - I said, look, here's what happens. If the pound goes down, Turnberry will do very pound, goes down. Turnberry will do very pound goes down, Turnberry will do very well because a lot of people are gonna, well, because a lot of people are gonna, well, because a lot of people are gonna travel to the UK, they'll come to travel to the UK. They'll come to travel to the UK, they'll come to Scotland, turn burr is going to do very Scotland turn.

Burr is going to do very Scotland turn. Burr is going to do very well if the Pallister okay, period that's well if the Pallister okay, period, that's well. If the Pallister okay, period, that's it. I answer the question next day, it's it. I answer the question next day, it's it. I answer the question next day.

It's in an edge by crooked Hillary Clinton in an edge by crooked Hillary Clinton in an edge by crooked Hillary Clinton. And I'm all over the place, but they - and I'm all over the place, but they - and I'm all over the place, but they don't show the question, don't show the question, don't show the question, it's his - there is nothing they sort of - it's his - there is nothing They sort of - it's his - there is nothing they sort of - did you hear Donald Trump all he talked, did you hear Donald Trump all he talked, did you hear Donald Trump?

All he talked about was his reserve and they show me about was his reserve and they show me about was his reserve and they show me they don't show the question. If the - they don't show the question. If the - they don't show the question. If the power goes down, turn, burr is gonna do power goes down, turn, burr is gonna do power goes down, turn.

Burr is gonna do very well, okay. Then they gave me a very well, okay, then they gave me a very well, okay, then they gave me a custom. I said I don't want to touch it. I custom, I said I don't want to touch it. I custom, I said I don't want to touch it, I don't wan na touch golf, I don't want - just don't wan na touch golf.

I don't want - just don't wan na touch golf. I don't want just - I'm leaving - I inspected the hotel, I - I'm leaving, I inspected the hotel, I - I'm leaving, I inspected the hotel. I inspected the course. I said Eric trump inspected the course. I said Eric trump inspected the course. I said Eric trump, you did a great job.

I'm getting the hell you did a great job. I'm getting the hell you did a great job. I'm getting the hell out of here now cuz. I want to be back out of here now cuz, I want to be back out of here now cuz, I want to be back campaigning, I'm gonna get out campaigning, I'm gonna get out campaigning, I'm gonna get out, congratulations.

My boy, I love you come congratulations. My boy, I love you come congratulations. My boy, I love you come up. Eric, come up. I love you. My boy, I love up. Eric, come up. I love you. My boy, I love up. Eric, come up. I love you. My boy, I love you, you - you - I said that's my six-foot-six boy, but I said that's my six-foot-six boy.

But I said that's my six-foot-six boy, but he's always gonna be my boy, right? So I - he's always gonna be my boy, right? So I - he's always gonna be my boy, right? So I said, Eric, I'm out of here. I'm going - I'm said Eric, I'm out of here. I'm going - I'm said Eric, I'm out of here. I'm going - I'm leaving, I got ta go, but they said mr.

leaving, I got ta go, but they said mr. leaving, I got ta go, but they said mr. Trump would you like to hit the first Trump, would you like to hit the first Trump? Would you like to hit the first well? No, I don't want to touch your club. Well, no, I don't want to touch your club. Well, no, I don't want to touch your club because I know if I touch a club these because I know if I touch a club these because I know if I touch a club, these horrible, horrible human beings plus the horrible, horrible human beings plus the horrible, Horrible human beings plus the Hillary Clinton thousand people staff, Hillary Clinton thousand people staff, Hillary Clinton thousand people staff that she has, right.

We'll come up with a - that she has, right. We'll come up with a - that she has, right. We'll come up with a clip of me holding the Gulf. So I don't clip of me holding the Gulf. So I don't clip of me holding the Gulf, so I don't want to touch him. So we cut the ribbon, I want to touch him. So we cut the ribbon, I want to touch him.

So we cut the ribbon, I inspected the property. I'm very proud of inspected the property. I'm very proud of inspected the property. I'm very proud of the job. He did unbelievable job and I - the job he did unbelievable job and I - the job he did unbelievable job and I went her out and I got out of there.

I went her out and I got out of there. I went her out and I got out of there. I was in Scotland one night that's not was in Scotland one night. That's not was in Scotland one night. That's not easy. You know, it's a long trip, right? I easy, you know, it's a long trip, right? I easy, you know, it's a long trip, right?

I was at one night and I was out of there was at one night and I was out of there was at one night and I was out of there. So here's what happens the next day. The - so here's what happens the next day. The - so here's what happens the next day. The news comes on Donald Trump, who went to news comes on Donald Trump who went to news, comes on Donald Trump who went to Scotland in the middle of the campaign.

Scotland. In the middle of the campaign, Scotland in the middle of the campaign to play golf, but here's what's worse to play golf. But here's what's worse to play golf. But here's what's worse. They took my statement on the pound if they took my statement on the pound. If they took my statement on the pound, if the pound goes down, turn, burr is going, the pound goes down, turn, burr is going, the pound goes down, turn.

Burr is going to do great. They don't know. I'm to do great. They don't know. I'm to do great. They don't know. I'm answering a question, so everyone thinks. Answering a question so everyone thinks answering a question, so everyone thinks I'm bragging and I want the pound to go. I'm bragging and I want the pound to go.

I'm bragging and I want the pound to go down, okay? But here's the worst. So that down, okay. But here's the worst, so that down, okay. But here's the worst. So that crooked crooked disgusting group that crooked crooked disgusting group that crooked crooked disgusting group that works for Hillary Clinton, works for Hillary Clinton, works for Hillary Clinton.

Now remember, I never touched a club. I now remember, I never touched a club. I now remember I never touched a club. I never - they show me hitting a ball, Donald. Never they show me hitting a ball. Donald. Never, they show me hitting a ball. Donald Trump playing golf in Scotland during Trump playing golf in Scotland during Trump playing golf in Scotland.

During the, you know, troubles and everything the, you know, troubles and everything the, you know, troubles and everything else of the world and they put it in an else of the world and they put it in an else of the world and they put it in an Ad but the picture was from two years ad, but the picture was from two years ad, but the picture was from two years before at a different course before at a different course before at a different course.

The only good thing, no, it's true. The only good thing, no, it's true. The only good thing, no, it's true and they said playing golf at Turnberry and they said playing golf at Turnberry and they said playing golf at Turnberry. So two good things happened out of it. So two good things happened out of it.

So two good things happened out of it. Number one, the head of Turner, he called number one, the head of Turner, he called number one, the head of Turner, he called me up. He said, sir, did you take an ad me up? He said sir, did you take an ad me up. He said sir, did you take an ad because we're being swamped with - because we're being swamped with because we're being swamped with business.

I said whew, that's good. Right business, I said whew, that's good right business. I said whew, that's good, right? That's good. And the other thing is the - that's good and the other thing is the - that's good. And the other thing is the swing look good. They didn't put one of swing. Look good, they didn't put one of swing look good.

They didn't put one of my bad swings. I have them too cuz we - my bad swings, I have them too cuz we - my bad swings, I have them too cuz, we actually look good. So Hilary, thank you. Actually look good. So Hilary thank you actually look good. So Hilary, thank you very much, but you know what, how very much, but you know what, how very much, but you know what, how dishonest is that.

So they show me dishonest is that. So they show me dishonest is that, so they show me playing golf at Turnberry and I didn't playing golf at Turnberry and I didn't playing golf at Turnberry and I didn't play golf, it was two years. The picture play golf, it was two years. The picture play golf, it was two years, the picture was two years old or more.

In fact it was was two years old or more. In fact it was was two years old or more. In fact it was more, you know, how I can tell it was more more you know, how I can tell it was more more you know, how I can tell it was more, I was even thinner. I said man, I like I was even thinner. I said man, I like I was even thinner.

I said man, I like that actually. I never went to - well that actually I never went to well that actually I never went to well because I love the swing and I look thin because I love the swing and I look thin because I love the swing and I look thin, well, relatively thin. Okay, but I just - well, relatively thin, okay, but I just - well, relatively thin, okay.

But I just want to say this young guy, my daughter want to say this young guy, my daughter want to say this young guy, my daughter, my other son, Don, my wife, who puts up my other son, Don, my wife, who puts up my other son, Don. My wife, who puts up with a lot with all of that, we're going with a lot - with all of that, we're going with a lot with all of that we're going on.

I mean, this is big stuff. This is big on - I mean, this is big stuff. This is big on - I mean, this is big stuff. This is big stuff, but my family has been - so my stuff, but my family has been so my stuff, but my family has been. So my sister, who's incredible my sister, who's sister, who's incredible my sister, who's sister, who's incredible my sister, who's a federal judge Court of Appeals, my - a federal judge, Court of Appeals, my - a federal judge, Court of Appeals.

My other sister, Elizabeth, my brother Robert, other sister Elizabeth, my brother Robert, other sister Elizabeth, my brother Robert, who's a great guy. I have one brother, who - who's a great guy. I have one brother, who - who's a great guy. I have one brother who passed away. But I have great children passed away, but I have great children passed away, but I have great children.

Tiffany has been so amazing. My kids, my tiffany has been so amazing. My kids, my tiffany has been so amazing. My kids, my family have been so unbelievable and family have been so unbelievable and family have been so unbelievable and this is not easy for them. They go out. This is not easy for them. They go out.

This is not easy for them. They go out mostly people love it, but some people mostly people love it, but some people mostly people love it, but some people don't. You know, the one thing that's don't you know, the one thing that's don't you know, the one thing that's interesting and I told this to Eric on interesting and I told this to Eric on interesting and I told this to Eric on the plane.

My wife said, you know, when you - the plane, my wife said, you know, when you - the plane, my wife said, you know, when you go out, you never - everybody loved you now go out, you never, everybody loved you now go out, you never everybody loved you now. Most people love you, but these people, most people love you, but these people, most people love you.

But these people that don't - you never had those people that don't - you never had those people that don't - you never had those people before I said. But we have to make before I said, but we have to make before I said, but we have to make America great again, America, great. Again, America great again and ultimately hopefully my biggest and ultimately hopefully my biggest and ultimately hopefully my biggest dream is to have those people love me to dream is to have those people love me to dream is to have those people love me to not because of Me, but because we're not because of me but because we're not because of me, but because we're going to do such a great job, does that going to do such a great job?

Does that going to do such a great job? Does that make sense? Make sense make sense, so I'll introduce - I'll introduce Eric, so I'll introduce - I'll introduce Eric, so I'll introduce - I'll introduce Eric Trump. Eric Trump did an unbelievable job Trump. Eric Trump did an unbelievable job Trump. Eric Trump did an unbelievable job.

He's doing an unbelievable job and he - he's doing an unbelievable job and he - he's doing an unbelievable job and he was pushed into the world of politics was pushed into the world of politics, was pushed into the world of politics, not because he wanted it, but because I not because he wanted it, but because I - not because he wanted it, but because I said good luck on television tonight said good luck on television tonight said good luck on television tonight.

You're doing this show. So Eric Trump, you're doing this show. So Eric Trump, you're doing this show. So Eric Trump, everybody, everybody everybody. Wow, thank you. We have some good fans, Wow, thank you. We have some good fans, Wow, thank you. We have some good fans over there and my father is just the over there and my father is just the over there and my father is just the greatest.

I mean, I truly say to some Bart greatest, I mean, I truly say to some Bart greatest. I mean I truly say to some Bart, my heart, I love him to death as a family, my heart, I love him to death as a family, my heart, I love him to death as a family. We love him and thank you for loving him as a family. We are so proud of him you as a family.

We are so proud of him you as a family. We are so proud of him. You know he is gonna win this. We are gonna know he is gonna win this, we are gonna know he is gonna win this, we are gonna win this. He is gonna make America great win this. He is gonna make America great win this. He is gonna make America great.

Again. We are gonna be crooked. Hillary. Again, we are gonna be crooked. Hillary. Again, we are gonna be crooked, Hillary Clinton. There's no question about it. Clinton, there's no question about it. Clinton, there's no question about it. We're gonna bring this country back, so we're gonna bring this country back.

So we're gonna bring this country back. So thank you guys so much for all the. Thank you guys so much for all the. Thank you guys so much for all the support from our entire family. Thank you support from our entire family. Thank you support from our entire family. Thank you. We love you. I owe we love you.

I owe we love you. I owe Thank You Erik. Thank you. Thank you to Thank You, Erik. Thank you. Thank you to Thank You, Erik. Thank you. Thank you to your brothers and sisters and thank you your brothers and sisters and thank you your brothers and sisters and thank you to everybody and the family has been to everybody.

And the family has been to everybody and the family has been just incredible. So when I was getting just incredible. So when I was getting just incredible. So when I was getting off the plane, I just want to tell you a off the plane, I just want to tell you a off the plane. I just want to tell you a couple of good things.

A couple of bad, couple of good things. A couple of bad, couple of good things, a couple of bad things and you know about the country things and you know about the country things and you know about the country, the country what's going on terrorism is the country, what's going on terrorism is the country.

What's going on terrorism? Is that a - just a horrible, horrible level that a - just a horrible, horrible level that a - just a horrible, horrible level. People don't feel safe, poles are coming, people don't feel safe, poles are coming, people don't feel safe. Poles are coming out saying they feel more unsafe right out saying they feel more unsafe right out saying they feel more unsafe right now than they have at any time.

For many now than they have at any time for many now than they have at any time for many, many years, we're gonna make you feel many years we're gonna make you feel many years we're gonna make you feel safe. Again, remember that you're gonna safe again, remember that you're gonna safe again, remember that you're gonna feel safer.

I'm very, very proud of the feel safer. I'm very, very proud of the feel safer. I'm very, very proud of the fact that when we ran that in the fact that when we ran that in the fact that when we ran that in the history of the Republican Party, I got history of the Republican Party, I got history of the Republican Party.

I got the most votes ever by a lot, almost 14 the most votes ever by a lot, almost 14 the most votes ever by a lot, almost 14 million votes more than anybody. That's million votes more than anybody. That's million votes more than anybody that's ever run. And I'm very proud of that fact ever run and I'm very proud of that fact ever run.

And I'm very proud of that fact and maybe more important and - and I want - and maybe more important and - and I want - and maybe more important and - and I want to thank the RNC and Reince Priebus. He's to thank the RNC and Reince Priebus. He's to thank the RNC and Reince Priebus. He's been great. I have to tell you, Reince has been great.

I have to tell you, Reince has been great. I have to tell you, Reince has been really great. And I mean that a been really great. And I mean that a been really great. And I mean, that a hundred percent he's been so amazing and hundred percent he's been so amazing and hundred percent. He's been so amazing and he works hard.

He'll fly. If there's a an he works hard, he'll fly. If there's a - an he works hard, he'll fly. If there's a - an event in California, he will fly on that event in California. He will fly on that event in California. He will fly on that plane and he'll be there, I'll say plane and he'll be there. I'll say plane and he'll be there, I'll say, weren't you just in Washington?

Yes, I weren't you just in Washington. Yes, I weren't you just in Washington. Yes, I flew to be at the event. I mean, the guy flew to be at the event. I mean, the guy flew to be at the event. I mean, the guy is really terrific, is really terrific, is really terrific. But it was just announced that the - but it was just announced that the - but it was just announced that the Republicans in terms of the primary Republicans in terms of the primary Republicans in terms of the primary voters, final count, final count, sixty-two voters, final count, final Count sixty-two voters final count, final count sixty-two percent up from four years ago, it's percent up from four years ago.

It's percent up from four years ago. It's unheard of. That's an - that is an unheard-of. Did you know that that is an unheard-of? Did you know that that is an unheard-of? Did you know that newt that is an unheard-of number, the newt that is an unheard-of number. The newt that is an unheard-of number, the Democrats, ooh Democrats, ooh Democrats, ooh.

There was a mosquito. I don't want - there was a mosquito, I don't want - there was a mosquito, I don't want mosquitoes around me. Mosquitoes around me, mosquitoes around me. I don't like mosquitoes, I don't like - I don't like mosquitoes, I don't like - I don't like mosquitoes, I don't like those mosquitoes.

I never did okay those mosquitoes, I never did okay those mosquitoes, I never did. Okay. Speaking of mosquitoes. Hello. Hillary, how speaking of mosquitoes? Hello? Hillary. How speaking of mosquitoes? Hello? Hillary? How are you doing so? So the Democrats, the - are you doing so? So the Democrats, the - are you doing so.

So the Democrats, the Democrats were down with all the Bernie Democrats were down with all the Bernie Democrats were down with all the Bernie Sanders stuff and everything. You hear no Sanders stuff and everything. You hear no Sanders stuff. And everything you hear no, this by the way we are crowds are so this by the way we are crowds are so this by the way we are crowds are so much bigger than is not even close but much bigger than is not even close but much Bigger than is not even close, but with all of the things you hear the - with all of the things you hear the - with all of the things you hear, the Democrats are down 21 % from four years, Democrats are down 21 % from four years, Democrats are Down 21 % from four years ago because there's no real enthusiasm ago because there's no real enthusiasm ago because there's no real enthusiasm.

They had enthusiasm for Bernie, but they had enthusiasm for Bernie, but they had enthusiasm for Bernie. But Bernie was outflanked by the - Bernie was outflanked by the - Bernie was outflanked by the establishment. He was really outflanked establishment. He was really outflanked establishment. He was really outflanked by - he never had a chance.

And frankly I by he never had a chance. And frankly, I by he never had a chance and frankly, I wouldn't have had a chance except we wouldn't have had a chance except we wouldn't have had a chance except we were winning by such large numbers. If we were winning by such large numbers. If we were winning by such large numbers, if we didn't win him in Florida, 21 point didn't win him in Florida.

21 point didn't win him. In Florida, 21 point victory, 166 of 67 counties, New York victory, 166 of 67 counties, New York victory, 166 of 67 counties; New York, Pennsylvania, Connecticut. You look at all Pennsylvania, Connecticut, you look at all Pennsylvania, Connecticut, you look at all of these different places.

Rhode Island of these different places, Rhode Island of these different places, Rhode Island, Maryland, Delaware, we had a group where Maryland, Delaware, we had a group where Maryland, Delaware, we had a group where we won every single County in every - we won every single County in every - We won every single County in every single state in California.

I got 78 single state in California. I got 78 single state in California. I got 78 percent of the vote and there was still percent of the vote and there was still percent of the vote. And there was still lots of names on there and you know when lots of names on there and you know when lots of names on there and you know when you have the largest number of votes in, you have the largest number of votes in.

You have the largest number of votes in the history of the Republican Party and the history of the Republican Party and the history of the Republican Party. And we had 17 people running folks. That's a - we had 17 people running folks. That's a - we had 17 people running folks that's a big difference who as opposed to two or big difference who as opposed to two or big difference who as opposed to two or three or four, we had seventeen people.

So three or four we had seventeen people. So three or four, we had seventeen people, so it's impossible to win that number when it's impossible to win that number when it's impossible to win that number. When you have 17 people we won easily more, you have 17 people. We won easily more. You have 17 people we won easily more than Ronald Reagan, who we love more than than Ronald Reagan, who we love more than than Ronald Reagan, who we love more than Richard Nixon, more than the bushes, more Richard Nixon, more than the bushes.

More Richard Nixon, more than the bushes, more than Dwight, the Eisenhower who did have than Dwight, the Eisenhower who did have than Dwight the Eisenhower who did have a lot to do with the Second World War. A lot to do with the Second World War. A lot to do with the Second World War victory and all fairness, right?

So we had victory and all fairness, right? So we had victory and all fairness, right? So we had a great thing. So that was a great thing, a great thing. So that was a great thing, a great thing. So that was a great thing. The bad part is this in coming off the - the bad part is this in coming off the - the bad part is this in coming off the plane.

I heard that our trade numbers are plane. I heard that our trade numbers are plane. I heard that our trade numbers are a disaster, a disaster, getting worse than a disaster, a disaster getting worse than a disaster, a disaster getting worse than ever before. We're losing so much money ever before. We're losing so much money ever before we're losing so much money.

We have trade deficits that are so we have trade deficits that are - so we have trade deficits that are so massive not only with China, not only massive, not only with China, not only massive, not only with China, not only with Mexico, which is massive. I give I with Mexico, which is massive, I give I with Mexico, which is massive.

I give - I take my hat's off to the leadership of take my hat's off to the leadership of take my hat's off to the leadership of Mexico for the job they've done on us, Mexico for the job they've done on us, Mexico for the job they've done On us, they treat us like we're babies, they - they treat us like we're babies, they - they treat us like we're babies, they treat us at the border and with trade, treat us at the border and with trade treat us at the border and with trade you ever See the companies that are you ever see the companies that are you ever see the companies that are moving to Mexico.

I think I won Indiana moving to Mexico. I think I won Indiana moving to Mexico. I think I won Indiana largely because carry our air largely because carry our air largely because carry our air conditioning company conditioning company conditioning company. I love Indiana. I also won because of the - I love Indiana.

I also won because of the - I love Indiana. I also won because of the great Bobby Knight right Bobby Knight, I great Bobby Knight right Bobby Knight, I great Bobby Knight right Bobby Knight, I told you that story where Bobby called told you that story where Bobby called told you that story where Bobby called up.

He said, sir, you got a run for up. He said sir, you got a run for up. He said sir, you got a run for president. That was a year before I did president. That was a year before I did president. That was a year before I did it, it it - you got a run for president. I said this, you got a run for president.

I said this, you got a run for president. I said this really Bobby Knight, I didn't know. Bobby really Bobby Knight, I didn't know Bobby really - Bobby Knight, I didn't know Bobby Knight and then when I ran out when I Knight and then when I ran out when I Knight and then when I ran out, when I got to Indiana, somebody said you think Got to Indiana, somebody said you think got to Indiana, somebody said you think you could ever get Bobby Knight, I said I - you could ever get Bobby Knight, I said I - you could ever get Bobby Knight, I said I think so and I pulled up a stack And I think so and I pulled up a stack and I think so and I pulled up a stack and I had his paper and I had his number and had his paper and I had his number and had his paper and I had his number and He picks up the phone, he goes.

I've been - he picks up the phone, he goes. I've been - he picks up the phone, he goes. I've been waiting for you to call. He's a cool dude waiting for you to call. He's a cool dude waiting for you to call. He's a cool dude. He won 900 games. He won three, he won 900 games, he won three, he won 900 games, he won three championships for Indiana.

He won the championships for Indiana. He won the championships for Indiana. He won the Olympics, he won the Pan Am Games. He had Olympics, he won the Pan Am Games. He had Olympics, he won the Pan Am Games. He had the last undefeated season in college, the last undefeated season in college, the last undefeated season in college.

Basketball is a winner. Jack Nicklaus basketball is a winner. Jack Nicklaus basketball is a winner. Jack Nicklaus, total winner and Jack, you know in Ohio I total winner and Jack you know in Ohio I total winner and Jack you know in Ohio I mean to me having his endorsement so mean to me having his endorsement so mean to me having his endorsement.

So great, but Jack and Bobby, we have so many great, but Jack and Bobby, we have so many great, but Jack and Bobby, we have so many unbelievable champs endorsing so many unbelievable champs endorsing so many unbelievable champs endorsing so many unbelievable champs. So here's the story. Unbelievable champs.

So here's the story, unbelievable, champs. So here's the story. Folks. We're going to turn it around, folks. We're going to turn it around folks. We're going to turn it around. We're going to bring our jobs back to - we're going to bring our jobs back to. We're going to bring our jobs back to this country and we're gonna bring them this country and we're gonna bring them this country and we're gonna bring them back big-league, we're not going to let back big-league.

We're not going to let back big-league. We're not going to let companies - we're not gonna let companies companies. We're not gonna let companies companies. We're not gonna let companies leave our country without there being leave our country without there being leave our country without there being consequences, consequences as an example, consequences, consequences as an example, consequences, consequences.

As an example, when carrier left and they left 1,400 when carrier left. And they left 1,400 when carrier left and they left 1,400 people in those 1,400 people, many of people in those 1,400 people, many of people in those 1,400 people, many of them followed me all over Indiana, they them followed me all over Indiana, they them followed me All over Indiana, they loved Trump because I'm the only one loved Trump because I'm the only one loved Trump because I'm the only one that spoke their language.

They were - that spoke their language. They were - that spoke their language. They were fired like dogs. They were fired by a fired like dogs. They were fired by a fired like dogs. They were fired by a mid-level management guy. They had jobs, mid-level management guy, they had jobs, mid-level management guy, they had jobs, some of them for 30 years, they were some of them for 30 years.

They were some of them for 30 years. They were fired viciously like you never saw fired viciously like you never saw fired viciously like you never saw anything like it and fortunately anything like it and fortunately anything like it and fortunately somebody had the self owner, we would - somebody had the self owner, we would Somebody had the self owner we would have never said probably wouldn't be - have never said, probably wouldn't be - have never said, probably wouldn't be talking about it right now.

And it was talking about it right now and it was talking about it right now. And it was all over the news and it made a big all over the news and it made a big all over the news and it made a big impact. And I've been talking about it impact and I've been talking about it impact and I've been talking about it long before I went to Indiana these long before I went to Indiana these long before I went to Indiana.

These other guys just started talking about it. Other guys just started talking about it. Other guys just started talking about it when they arrived to try and win because when they arrived to try and win because when they arrived to try and win because that was going to be the firewall. That was going to be the firewall that was going to be the firewall.

Remember the firewall Trump is gonna win. Remember the firewall Trump is gonna win. Remember the firewall Trump is gonna win New York, but Trump is gonna win also New York. But Trump is gonna win also New York, but Trump is gonna win also Pennsylvanian these other states Pennsylvanian these other states Pennsylvanian these other states, Connecticut, we're doing great in Connecticut, we're doing great in Connecticut.

We're doing great in Connecticut too by the way. But Trump's Connecticut too by the way, but Trump's Connecticut too by the way, but Trump's gonna win all these states, we agree. But gonna win all these states, we agree. But gonna win all these states, we agree. But when we get to Indiana, when we get to Indiana, when we get to Indiana, that's the firewall, Trump's not gonna, that's the firewall, Trump's not gonna, that's the firewall, Trump's not gonna win the firewall.

And we won the firewall, win the firewall. And we won the firewall, win the firewall and we won the firewall in a landslide that was a big, big and in a landslide that was a big, big and in a landslide that was a big, big. And then everybody just said, you know they then everybody just said, you know they then everybody just said, you know they said we just can't take it anymore.

Well said we just can't take it anymore. Well said we just can't take it anymore. Well, even they got ta that was the end of that, even they got ta that was the end of that. Even they got ta that was the end of that, right. But we've had an amazing period of right, but we've had an amazing period of right.

But we've had an amazing period of time, but what I would have told carrier time, but what I would have told carrier time, but what I would have told carrier air-conditioning and I would have I get air-conditioning and I would have - I get air-conditioning and I would Have I get their time, maybe they're still, I would - their time maybe they're still, I would their time maybe they're still, I would have said, enjoy your plant.

Hot weather have said, enjoy your plant, hot weather have said, enjoy your plant hot weather pretty hot up here right now by the way, pretty hot up here right now by the way, pretty hot up here right now by the way too, hot weather too hot weather Too hot weather I said, enjoy your plant, make lots of air, I said, enjoy your plant, make lots of air, I said, enjoy your plant, make lots of air conditioners, but when you start selling conditioners, but when you start selling conditioners, but when you start selling your Air conditions through a very - your air conditions through a very - your air conditions through a very strong border because we're gonna have a strong border because we're gonna have a strong border because we're gonna have a very strong border.

And we want people to very strong border and we want people to very strong border and we want people to come in. I want people to come into the - come in, I want people to come into the - come in, I want people to come into the country. They're going to come in by the country. They're going to come in by the country.

They're going to come in by the thousands, but they're going to come into thousands, but they're going to come into thousands, but they're going to come into the country legally, right? Legal. The country legally, right, legal the country legally, right legal. So, so I'm gonna say meaning myself or my so.

So I'm gonna say meaning myself or my so. So I'm gonna say meaning myself or my rabbi o is kid with us. I say to my wife rabbi o is kid with us, I say to my wife, rabbi o is kid with us, I say to my wife, but I want to call carrier and she'll. But I want to call carrier and she'll. But I want to call carrier and she'll say you're the President of the United, say you're the President of the United, say you're the President of the United States.

You're not supposed to be calling States. You're not supposed to be calling States. You're not supposed to be calling an air-conditioning company said, but an air-conditioning company said, but an air-conditioning company said, but it's so much fun and I'm so good at this. It's so much fun and I'm so good at this.

It's so much fun and I'm so good at this stuff, stuff stuff. So I'll get somebody I'll get Carl Icahn, so I'll get somebody I'll get Carl Icahn. So I'll get somebody I'll get Carl Icahn to call that would be pretty good. I have to call that would be pretty good. I have to call that would be pretty good.

I have so many people endorsing us, but we call so many people endorsing us, but we call so many people endorsing us, but we call up carrier. We say enjoy your new plant, I up carrier we say enjoy your new plant. I up carrier we say enjoy your new plant. I hope you have great success, but every hope you have great success, but every hope you have great success.

But every single time you make a beautiful single time, you make a beautiful single time, you make a beautiful air-conditioner and you want to sell it air-conditioner and you want to sell it air-conditioner and you want to sell it to the United States. There is going to - to the United States there is going to - to the United States there is going to be a 35 % tax on that air conditioner be a 35 % tax on that air conditioner be a 35 % tax on that air conditioner coming in To Lisbon now a lot of coming in to Lisbon now a lot of coming in to Lisbon now a lot of conservatives, you know these characters conservatives, you know these characters conservatives, you know these characters that have been fighting me never Trump that have been fighting me.

Never Trump that have been fighting me, never Trump, never Trump all, never Trump. These are never Trump all never Trump. These are never Trump all, never Trump. These are people. Here's a guy you talk about a people. Here's a guy you talk about a people. Here's a guy you talk about, a great conservative, but he gets it some great conservative, but he gets it some great conservative, but he gets it.

Some of these people don't get it, never Trump of these people don't get it, never Trump of these people don't get it, never Trump by the way never Trump is disappearing by the way, never Trump is disappearing by the way, never Trump is disappearing rapidly. You heard about the 51 million rapidly you heard about the 51 million rapidly you heard about the 51 million.

Anybody today, anybody today, anybody today 51 raise 51 million dollars, right? 51, 51 raise 51 million dollars, right? 51 51 raise 51 million dollars, right? 51 couldn't believe that right now 51 couldn't believe that right now 51 couldn't believe that right now 51 million dollars raised, okay? So here's million dollars raised, okay?

So here's million dollars raised, okay? So here's what's gonna happen and I just started what's gonna happen. And I just started what's gonna happen and I just started really in the middle of listen to this really in the middle of listen to this really in the middle of listen to this, but sounds like a football game dude, but sounds like a football game Dude, but sounds like a football game, dude, dude, I don't know, knew they Bowie, who, dude, I don't know, knew they Bowie, who?

Dude, I don't know, knew they Bowie, who are they saying Newt? It's one of those. Are they saying Newt? It's one of those. Are they saying Newt? It's one of those names, right? No, they love Newt. You do names, right? No, they love Newt. You do names, right? No, they love Newt. You do love Newt, love, Newt love, Newt.

We all love new Newt gets it. I'll tell, we all love new Newt gets it. I'll tell we all love new Newt gets it. I'll tell you one thing, folks, I'm not saying this you - one thing folks, I'm not saying this you - one thing folks, I'm not saying this dude, but if it's Newt, nobody's gonna be dude. But if it's Newt, nobody's gonna be dude.

But if it's Newt, nobody's gonna be beating him in those debates, that's for beating him in those debates. That's for beating him in those debates. That's for sure, right? Nobody? Sure, right? Nobody sure, right? Nobody, nobody's beating on Newt in the debate. Nobody's beating on Newt in the debate. Nobody's beating on Newt in the debate.

Yeah, we raised 51 million dollars and yeah, we raised 51 million dollars and yeah, we raised 51 million dollars and the Washington Post actually had a good - the Washington Post actually had a good - the Washington Post actually had a good story for the first time in a Long time story for the first time in a long time story for the first time in a long time they gave a great story and it's at 51. They gave a great story and it's at 51. They gave a great story and it's at 51 million.

They can't even - nobody could million, they can't even, nobody could million, they can't even - nobody could believe it. And I only started like, believe it, and I only started like, believe it and I only started like mid-june because they were beating me up mid-june because they were beating me up mid-june because they were beating me up.

There's a trump was then - and I'm raising. There's a trump was then - and I'm raising, there's a trump was then and I'm raising the money for the party. The money for the party, the money for the party, and I'm putting up a lot of my own money and I'm putting up a lot of my own money and I'm putting up a lot of my own money like I put up over 50 for the primaries.

Like I put up over 50 for the primaries like I put up over 50 for the primaries, I'm putting up a lot of my own money. I'm putting up a lot of my own money. I'm putting up a lot of my own money, okay? But here's what's going to happen, okay, but here's what's going to happen, okay? But here's what's going to happen.

Folks, here's what's gonna happen, folks, here's what's gonna happen. Folks, here's what's gonna happen. We're gonna be so successful and when we're gonna be so successful and when we're gonna be so successful and when people call me, pundits, people that write people, call me, pundits, people that write people, call me, pundits, people that write up here in these Platforms look at all up here in these platforms, look at all up here in these platforms.

Look at all these people, oh, I can't stand them. But these people - oh, I can't stand them. But these people - oh, I can't stand them. But look, look, look, look, look, look, one of them called who's here today and one of them called who's here today and one of them called who's here today and said mr.

Trump, what you've done is said, mr. Trump, what you've done is said, mr. Trump, what You've done is incredible, sir. There's a pretty liberal incredible sir. There's a pretty liberal incredible sir. There's a pretty liberal guy. I was surprised he called me sir guy. I was surprised he called me sir guy.

I was surprised he called me, sir. Actually, sir, what you've done is actually sir, what you've done is actually sir, what you've done is absolutely incredible, absolutely incredible, absolutely incredible. And honestly I said, you know it's not so and honestly I said, you know it's not so and honestly I said, you know it's not so incredible.

I haven't won, they said no, no incredible. I haven't won, they said no, no incredible. I haven't won, they said no, no, you don't have to win. You don't have to - you don't have to win, you don't have to - you don't have to win, you don't have to win. What you've done has never been done, win what you've done has never been done, win what you've done has never been done before in the history of politics.

It's before in the history of politics, it's before in the history of politics, it's incredible. I said, let me give you a incredible, I said, let me give you a incredible, I said, let me give you a little clue if I don't win, meaning the little clue if I don't win, meaning the little clue if I don't win, meaning the one person Left then I've wasted a lot, one person left, then I've wasted a lot, one person left then I've wasted a lot of time and a lot of money I haven't of time and a lot of money I haven't of time and a lot of money.

I haven't done a damn thing. That's the way I feel done a damn thing. That's the way I feel done a damn thing. That's the way I feel about it, about it, about it. That's the way I feel about because that's the way I feel about because that's the way I feel about because we're not gonna be able to lower your - we're not gonna be able to lower your - we're not gonna be able to lower your taxes.

We're not gonna be able to get you taxes. We're not gonna be able to get you taxes. We're not gonna be able to get you good healthcare. We're not gonna be able good healthcare, we're not gonna be able good healthcare. We're not gonna be able to save your Second Amendment, which is to save your Second Amendment, which is to save your Second Amendment, which is under siege by the way, the National under siege, by the way, the National under siege, by the way, the National Rifle Association, the NRA endorsed me Rifle Association, the NRA endorsed me Rifle Association, the NRA endorsed me with the earliest endorsement.

They've, with the earliest endorsement, they've, with the earliest endorsement they've ever given to a candidate, okay? And ever given to a candidate, okay? And ever given to a candidate, okay, and Hillary Clinton wants to take your guns, Hillary Clinton wants to take your guns. Hillary Clinton wants to take your guns away.

She wants to effectively abolish away. She wants to effectively abolish away. She wants to effectively abolish the Second Amendment. That's why they - the Second Amendment. That's why they - the Second Amendment. That's why they gave me the early endorsement because gave me the early endorsement because gave me the early endorsement because she is unthinkable for the NRA. She is unthinkable for the NRA. She is unthinkable for the NRA, unthinkable, but all of these things are unthinkable, but all of these things are unthinkable, but all of these things are gonna happen.

So let me just finish by gonna happen. So let me just finish by gonna happen. So let me just finish by saying the father, all right, you've been saying the father, all right, you've been saying the father, all right. You've been listening to Donald Trump addressing a listening to Donald Trump, addressing a listening to Donald Trump, addressing a crowd in Cincinnati, Ohio appearing with crowd in Cincinnati, Ohio, appearing with crowd in Cincinnati, Ohio appearing with Newt Gingrich a possible VP contender, Newt Gingrich, a possible VP Contender Newt Gingrich a possible VP contender what he just said on that, actually very what he just said on that, actually very what he just said on that, actually very interesting just a moment ago, right now, interesting just a moment ago, right now, interesting just a moment Ago right now the former campaign manager for Donald, the former campaign manager for Donald, the former campaign manager for Donald Trump, Corey Lewandowski is with me.

Bill Trump, Corey Lewandowski is with me. Bill Trump, Corey Lewandowski is with me. Bill Kristol, the editor of The Weekly Kristol. The editor of The Weekly Kristol, the editor of The Weekly Standard Hillary Clinton supporter Standard Hillary Clinton supporter Standard Hillary Clinton supporter Bakari sellers.

David Gergen, who advised Bakari sellers, David Gergen, who advised Bakari sellers, David Gergen, who advised Reagan and Clinton, they were president, Reagan and Clinton. They were president Reagan and Clinton. They were president; and John Avlon, editor-in-chief of The; and John Avlon, editor-in-chief of The and John Avlon.

Editor-in-chief of The Daily Beast, while he was campaigning radiance of Aegina and us, we don't have radiance of Aegina and us. We don't have radiance of Aegina and us. We don't have 500 by without orientate them. We're gonna keep waiting because we are - we're gonna keep waiting because we are - we're gonna keep waiting because we are going to make America great again.