Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you, Laura. What a group. This is -- Wow. Well, this turned out to be very successful and I really appreciate you all coming out. Those are two very special people that we're with today.

We just spent a lot of time backstage with them and you have been great friends. But before I really introduce them, and you've already heard them, and you've been hearing them for a number of months, they've -- in one case we have already a great congressman and in the other case, we're going to have a great congressman.

Those are terrific people. Mark and Ted, they're going to be very representative of your views because the Democrats aren't. You know, I wrote a few little things down and if you look -- and you don't have to look down, you just all you have to do is say, very simply, "Open borders." They want to abolish ICE.

They don't mind crime they want higher taxes. They want to knock out your Medicare because they want to go socialist and somehow I don't see North Carolina as being the next Venezuela. Do we agree? I don't see it. But you know, we have a couple of friends here and I want to just say Virginia Foxx.

Where's Virginia? She's so great. Where's Virginia? These are incredible -- Hi, Virginia. Thank you, Virginia. Representative Richard Hudson. Where is he? Hi, Richard, great job, and you're really doing a great job, but we appreciate.

It's called tax cut, tax cut, Richard. The man with the greatest name in all of politics, Patrick McHenry. Patrick. And he's been fantastic, and a real leader, and a real friend too. Another real friend, a very, very special person, strong, tough, and credible leader, happens to come from the area, if you don't mind driving about three hours, right, Ted?

But they drove down about a three-hour drive and he's an amazing guy, Mark Meadows. Mark. And Representative Joe Wilson. Where's Joe? Is Joe here? And his son has been incredible. Hi, Joe and his son, by the way, his son is really outdoing you Joe.

That's OK, though, right? We don't mind good fathers like that. Bad fathers they're not so happy about that, right? But I know that we have a lot of other representatives here, a lot of other friends, but we need help in congress.

We can have all the ideas we want, but we have some really bad people, bad people that are running for office. Bad people for a lot of reasons, but primarily because they're doing a tremendous injustice to our country.

I don't know if they really believe this stuff. A lot of it's hard to believe that they believe because you say, "How do you believe in open borders, where the entire world population can pour into our country?" I mean, we have a beauty running in, as an example in California, watched it last night.

Running for governor. We have a great guy in John Cox. I think he's going to do well. He did a lot of surprises, gave him a big endorsement. He went up like a rocket ship, and he's fairly close. You know, in California you're not supposed to win as a republican.

I don't quite understand that for statewide, but we have John Cox, he's doing fantastically, but the man who was favored, I guess, probably still favorite, but he said he wants healthcare for everyone. He wants everything for everyone.

He wants to open up the borders. He wants to take care of everybody. And I was just saying, "What happens if the whole world decides to go to California?" That means they're going to take care of the whole world, right?

I guess. Where do you stop? You're going to take care of a lot of people, but they're not going to be able to do it very long because it's not going to work. So I just want to thank the two people that really we're here for today.

Wastes a lot of money, and you, folks, are the ones that did it Ted Budd and Mark Harris. Really great. You know, Mark is really big on tax cuts. Really big on your Second Amendment. Both of them are unbelievable when it comes to protecting and taking care of our military and our great vets.

You know, we did a lot for the vets. Choice. We got Choice approved. Forty-six years, they tried to get Choice approved. They couldn't do it, and we got it done. That means the vet goes in, he has to -- you know, some of them wait on line for two days, five days, 20 days, 30 days, 50 days some of them never get to see a doctor.

Now, they go out, they see a doctor, we pay for it. And you want to know something? We actually No. 1, most importantly, we take care of our great vets. But No. 2, we saved money. It's much less expensive.

And they're so happy. For 46 years have been trying to get it through. Talking of things through, but I'm good at getting things through, and Mark Meadows helped, Mark Meadows helped, and Patrick helped. They all helped.

Everyone that I mentioned really helped. Virginia, and we got it through. And then we have so many other things that we got through. And I wrote down a list of elements that frankly, people wouldn't believe, and a lot of it has to do with trade, where we're doing very well.

We had a very serious violation today because I gave an interview to Bloomberg yesterday, and I said, "Off the record, something's about Canada, nothing bad, fortunately, that would have been, but the kind of a comment you'd make off-the-record.

and it says off-the-record, and I gave a statement, it actually said, and they gave it out, and it's a big story today. But here's the good news, at least Canada knows where I stand because we can't have these countries taken advantage of the United States anymore.

It's very simple, and we're not going to let that happen. And you know, a man named Dan DiMicco. I've been working with this guy for like 20 years. Haven't seen him much. Where -- does everyone know him? Yeah, where's Dan?

Is he here already? I didn't know him too much. I saw him a little while ago. See, he's a guy that's been working in the sink for like a 25 years. He's been working on more than any other single voice, other than maybe mine, because I've been talking about it too, I was in the private sector, but I know when we're getting ripped off.

I said, "China is ripping us off. Japan's ripping us off. Mexico's ripping us off." Canada's ripping us off. The whole world is ripping us off. There's nobody that's not ripping us off" In fact, I thought I found a country, very small, located in South America and I said, "You know, I think we made actually a better deal with the cut." And it turned out I was wrong, it wasn't. Because I was going to talk to the president, he says, "What's wrong with you.? You're the only one." But turned out they made a very good deal too.

Now, the whole world is ripping us off. Last year, we had $817 billion trade deficit. Did you know that, Mr. Meadows? $817, not million, but billion a year. $817. Anyway, Dan would be this voice. It was like a voice in the wilderness.

And I looked at him today, I said, "You failed." He said, "No, I didn't you got elected president and look what you've done." He's right, he didn't fail, he didn't fail. It took us a little longer than we thought, right?

Because you know, some things just so simple, you'd say, "How could it be possible that people don't see it like a country tariffs us?" Then we tariff them and congress comes down and they say, "Why are you tariffing?" I say, "Because they're doing it to us." They say, "But that's not free trade." I said, "Of course, it's free trade.

What's wrong with you?? See, I don't go out free trade. I call fair trade or I call it non-stupid trade, but I want to have Dan -- he made a couple of statements, just for a second. He really has, he's a big-steel guy very like, as big as you get, and he was just fighting a battle when he was the head of Nucor, right, Nucor.

And now Nucor's spending billions of dollars opening up new plants because six months ago I said, "We're going to put a tariff of 25% at all the steel that's dumped in this -- They were dumping it. They were killing our steel companies there were very few left.

Very few plants open. They were just killing us and it was a very sad thing for me to watch. And you know what's going to happen, by the way? And I don't know if Dan agrees with me, but what happens is, they kill your steel companies and then they start selling you're steel at much higher prices, you know, it's like a monopoly deal.

but also we need steel for defense. It's not like a regular industry. If we ever had a war, and I don't think we're going to have -- Our military's becoming so strong, $700 billion dollars and $716 billion next year, and the stronger we get the less likely it is that we have a problem.

OK. That's the one thing I've learned. I learned that -- You know where I learned that? In grammar school, I learned that. I learned that a long time ago. You learn that as a little boy playing baseball in the yard.

The stronger you are the less likely it is that you're going to have a problem. But I'd like to have Dan just say a few words about, maybe, what he's been through. Really quickly, really quickly. What he's been through and where we are now because the hottest industry there's right now is the steel industry, and it was dead as a doornail.

We were not going to have a steel industry in a couple of years from now had we not done what we did. So Dan, come up and say a couple of words, please.

Thank you, Dan. It's so great to see where -- you know, one of Dan's competitors U.S. Steel, I guess that was the biggest company in the world 50 or 60 years ago, and now it was, you know, it was very hurt, very badly hurt and they're really back, and they announce their opening up seven or eight new plants.

They're going to do a lot more than that. Nucor's opening up plants all over the place, in many cases, their brand-new. Their spending $500 million, $750 million all over the place. It's an incredible thing to see.

I did asked Dan one question. "If I didn't do what I'm doing, would you have opened up and be opening up new plants?" He said, "Absolutely not." He said, "Absolutely not. We wouldn't be opening up, and it would be closing things and would be closing probably the rest of it." But that's what was happened.

And we have a hot steel industry and that's a great industry. We needed so badly. But I wrote down a few of the -- we don't have enough time because you know, we will -- I don't know if this -- isn't this live television?

I can't believe it even every speech. See, any time you see the red light on, that means your live, and there's red lights. But I wrote down just a few things, and -- and it's these are each -- each little dot is a thing that we've already done, and we have page after page as two additional pages here.

That's right, and it will take a long time to read them all, but just a few. almost 4 million jobs created since the election. Think of it. And remember this, remember this, for Ted and for all of -- for all of these people, including the ones that aren't here for any reason other than their supporting Mark and Ted, the Democrats they are going to raise your taxes.

They can increase job-killing regulations. I think of Dan who were up here now, I'm not bringing them back up. But if you were, if I asked you about which was more important the tax cuts of the regulation cuts, that would be pretty close, right?

Some people say regulations, but both is better. And they're going to shut down your energy, the crime is going to be rampant because when they open up the borders the crime is going to be a disaster. They're going to raid your Medicare to pay for socialism.

It's big statement. They're going to raid your Medicare. They're going to take your Medicare that's going to pay for socialism. And if you look at Venezuela, that's a good example of current day socialism they going to abolish ICE, so they can open borders and abolish ICE.

These Ice people, these are great people, they're brave, they're tough. You know, I know a lot of people in this room, and pretty tough guys, but you don't want to fight ICE. You don't. You know. Let's see.

You don't -- you might, you'll get your ass kicked, but you'll be in there. Those couple of guys might, at least for a little while, then you say, "I want ICE, where's ICE?" These are tough people and they're good people, and if we didn't have them we would have problems because you have towns all over the country where people came in through the Obama Administration.

They call it MS-13 and many other gangs, but MS-13 is the worst. They're like evil. You saw the speech last night, I talked about him so I won't go into it, but they're evil, they like knives better than guns because it's a much more painful death.

And then when I said, "They're animals." Nancy Pelosi went crazy. She said, "How dare he talks about human beings that way." I mean, can you believe this? So you have to be very politically correct? Right, Dan?

We have to be very nice. We have to -- I agree. I agree. Maxine Waters is very nice. We want to be just like Maxine. She's a fine woman, she's a fine woman. But we need protection. I love our law enforcement, right?

We need it. But for just running down this way, you know Ted and Mark, that didn't give me a light up here. OK, everything's perfect. There's only one thing missing. It's like, "Doc I can't even see my hand." But that's OK because you have to sometimes improvised, right?

Let's see, I'm using those lights to read this but we -- I put down all of these things just yesterday I had it made up. Four million jobs created since the election, that's unheard, nobody thought that was possible.

More Americans are now employed than at any time in our recorded history. Think of it. More Americans today, more Americans are working today than ever before in the history of our country. In other words, we have more jobs.

A lot. And we've created almost 500,000 it's going to be 600,000 manufacturing jobs. Now, the previous administration, and even during the campaign, President Obama would go around, and they talk about manufacturing, it's like an old obsolete business.

I said, "Well, you're going to make things." I mean, Dan would say, "What are we going to do here?" So steel was like an obsolete business. Maybe that's why they said we don't need any steel anymore. I don't know, but they said, "Manufacturing is absolutely." They're actually the best jobs you can have.

You make things. It's work. It's the best jobs, it's the best job. You know about economic growth? There was 4.1% but two days ago, they raise it to 4.2%. Nobody thought that was possible. Unemployment claims are at an almost 50-year low, think of that.

Now think of that. You know what, in other words, unemployment claims, that's tremendous amount of money going out, 50-year low. Median household income has hit the highest level ever recorded. So that the median household income, these are good -- this are a good statistics metals, right?

How do you lose an election with these statistics? Everyone said, "The midterms." I've -- maybe there's going to be a red wave, they're talking about this blue wave. They're not talking about the blue wave anymore.

At least we got the word wave, you know blue wave. I think it's unfair with this whole redistricting thing they're doing in North Carolina. How unfair is that? We'll put that in Mark Meadows' hands. OK, Mark?

I'll blame you. Hey, Mark, you're now blamed on television, right? No, it's very unfair. You have it election and a little more than 60 days and they change the district on you, and you've already won primaries.

How does that work? The court system? Okay. How does that work? You've all gone through primaries or most of you have, it's been districted for many years. And now you have to redraw lines, you have a new district, even though you want a primary in another district?

I don't know. That had -- that has to be something going on there. So I know you guys are working on that, Mark. African-American unemployment has recently achieved the lowest rate ever recorded. Hispanic American unemployment, the lowest rate ever recorded.

Asian, Asian. Do we have any Asian Americans in the room? Please raise your hand. Are you working? Yes. Yes. Where? Good. Well, your going to be very -- you're going to like me. We have one. Asian-American unemployment recently achieved the lowest level.

Did I do a good job for you? She said, "Thank you." Women's unemployment reached the lowest rate in only 65 years. Sorry. Sorry, women, I didn't quite get that. But 65 years after today. There was a time when I said, "The best in 65 years." You'd say, "Good job." Now, what I say, "65 years, it's like not nearly as good as ever." But I'll tell you what, women's unemployment, will very shortly be a historic number also.

The lowest unemployment rate ever recorded for Americans without a high-school diploma. That's a big thing. We're setting, I think so importantly. Prisoners, they come out of prison can never get a job. Now they're getting jobs.

We have programs that were working on, very good. But I guess maybe the greatest program is our economy is so strong and employers are hiring prisoners when they might not have done it three years ago, two years ago, five years ago, ten years ago.

And I'll tell you what, I know one in particular, that's so thrilled cannot believe it how good it's working now. And you know, a lot of times they come out they can't get a job and they end up in prison because they can't get a job.

What are they going to do? Now, they're getting jobs, and they're getting jobs at record numbers. The veterans' unemployment recently reached the lowest rate in 20 years. Veterans. And that's going to be very historical.

So 3.9 million Americans have been lifted off food stamps. This is just an a short period of time. We're training almost 5 million Americans to work in other places. We're doing it through great corporations, Walmart, FedEx, so many great companies are now spending a tremendous amount on teaching people because they're doing it better than us. I mean, what are we going to do, open schools all over the place?

Which we do, but there's nothing like the big companies. Retail sales surged last month and it's one of the highest years. It's really doing well, up 6%, 6% that's it, you know we're talking about -- that's a lot.

We signed the biggest package of tax cuts and tax reforms in history. We got rid of that horrible individual mandate in Obamacare. We've decimated Obamacare. And you know to me very important, we really had Obamacare defeated, but unfortunately, you could really say, anybody that didn't vote is really the deciding vote.

We didn't get any Democratic votes. None of the Democrats voted and what we've done is we've decimated it. But if you look, we got rid of the individual mandate. That was where you had the privilege of spending a lot of money for the privilege of not spending money on bad healthcare.

Think of that. What that means. Nobody's ever heard of a thing like that. You spend money so you don't have to spend money, but we got rid of it, it's gone. And I'll tell you what, for small business owners, what a blessing that is. We just got the Winter Olympics, and we just got the World Cup.

OK. These are like -- by the way, these are like like small things. We opened up ANWR in Alaska, and I approve the Keystone XL pipeline and the Dakota Access Pipeline, 48 thousand jobs, and that was done immediately upon, right after the inauguration.

I signed them and I got the approvals. 48,000 jobs and two pipelines. Better environmentally than trucking it and using trains. Better. We've recorded the largest number of regulation cuts in the history of our country.

No Administration has ever cut, even though I'm here just short of two years. I've got more regulations than any president in our country. We did something that's interesting because I -- to me, it was very important, Right-to-try.

This is a program where if a person is terminally ill, if they had money they'd travel to other continents, and travel to other places. They were desperate, they wanted hope, and they travel all over. They wanted hope.

And what would happen is, they just couldn't find anything. We have great, great pipeline, but it takes a long time, used to take 12 to 14 years. I've upped it very substantial. We have tremendous people over there.

FDA. We have tremendous people, and what we're doing now with Right-to-try is incredible, you sign a document and you try, and in many cases it's going to work, and it's hope, it's hope it's really something special.

To me, that was very important, and it's not as easy as you think. Mark Meadows and all of these people work so hard to get this done because, I mean, the insurance companies had problems we got taken care of, the states had problems, the government had prob -- liability problems.

You give them something and they sue. I say, "What's the purpose of not doing it?" "Well, sir, we don't want to get sued." OK, that makes sense. But think of it. In some cases they didn't want to give it because they didn't want to hurt the patient, but these are terminally ill patients.

I said, they'll sign a waiver and they send -- everybody signs a waiver now, but a lot of people are using it. Right-to-try, it's such a great thing. Just one of the many things we've done, but it's so important.

But the big thing is we're building our military stronger than ever before, all of these things are happening. We're taking care of our laws. we're putting great judges on the course. We got Judge Kavanaugh, hopefully in great shape.

He's a great judge great conservative, wonderful person. Justice Gorsuch is doing a fantastic job on the Supreme Court. We withdrew from the horrible Paris Climate agreement. It sounds so pretty. It's gonna cost us a fortune and it was going to put us at a tremendous disadvantage.

And we have cleaner air now than anybody. I want clean air. I want crystal clean water. We can do that. We don't have to pay trillions of dollars to other places. We could do it. And you know, I did that. I said, "Boy, I'm going to get just absolutely slaughtered on this one." Guess what?

People understand it. You know, China doesn't kick in like till twenty, thirty. And Russia kicked in at a, I think, it was in '94 and '95, when air was not nearly as good, so they had a different standard.

We kicked it immediately and we can't change it. They said, "Well, you can change it. you have flexibility." But if we do that all the environmental groups are going to sue us. Where as China, they're not gonna sue China.

Have a feeling -- I have a feeling they're environmental groups in China will not be suing President Xi. It's a little different system. What do you think? Do you think Mark? Huh? We'll have Greenpeace, we'll have all these guys.

In other words, they say you could change -- yeah, yeah, but every time you change it will get this massive lawsuits they won't let you change. We would have had actually closed down many businesses in order to qualify by 2025. Did you hear about that?

You know, we would have to close down businesses. Otherwise we wouldn't have qualified. and we just can't. If we did, seriously, and this is called practically, we will be sued and so we got out of that one.

We move the U.S. Embassy to Jerusalem. Every president, practically, for many many decades has promised that, "We're going to move." And I now understand it. "We will move our Embassy to Jerusalem." And take a look at Obama, take a look at Bush, take a look at every one of them, Clinton.

We will move. I mean, with such surety. And then they said, when wee moved the embassy. "What? What? What?" The president, "Mr. President, when are you moving the embassy to Jerusalem?" "Next question, please." and I understand it actually, because you know what happened?

When the word came out that we were getting close to doing it. I was called by every country I was called by countries. I never even heard of before. I was called by everybody. "Please don't move. Please don't, please don't, please don't." I was called by very powerful countries, very big countries, very good countries, great friends, great allies, some not such great allies, but they are nevertheless.

I was called by everybody, and I now understand why nobody did it. Because Clinton wasn't, Bush wasn't, Obama wasn't, they were. So they campaigned on it, but when it came time, nobody had the guts to pull the trigger.

It's the right thing to do, it's the right thing to do. So I was going to do it like on a Monday and I was getting these calls, Dan knows this little trick. I was getting these calls and, "We must speak to the president about Jerusalem.

We must speak to him, please, please." Kings, queens, presidents, prime ministers, perhaps a couple of dictators. Everyone. I must speak to the president about Jerusalem. So what I did, I was going to do it on Monday, this is like a Thursday.

I said, "Tell him I'll call him back sometime next week." So I signed it up on Monday. Then I started returning the calls. "Yeah. What can I do?" "Well, sir, it's a little late. You just approve them." "Oh, I didn't know." What do I know?

I did not, sir, I'm sorry. But I understand why, I do understand why now they didn't do. So we have a lot of things, we have a lot of great things were going to be doing beyond this crime is a big, big thing with us. We've already started building the wall and I can tell you these people are helping us with what -- we need the wall.

We have that 1.6 million an hour another 1.6, we needed faster. I could build that thing so fast, but we're trying, you know, the Democrats are obstructionist. They are trying to hold back for border security, but it's not going to work, but we have to get Mark and we have to get Ted, we have to get all these, because these are incredible people you have in North Carolina.

I want to thank also, you know, we had a tremendous victory. Crooked Hillary spent a lot of money in this state. She spent a tremendous amount of money. In fact, they had to thank North Carolina will be the Fire Stop, North -- I said, "I don't know why do you say that." Because Laura helped me so much here, helped that she was born.

She was incredible. She was working -- and by the way, Deb, where are you? How about, you know, Women for Trump, right? Women for Trump. Mark's great wife. Mark's great wife. Women for Trump. At all times, at good times and bad times, as Women for Trump, and I appreciate it. You were incredible.

Without you and Laura, and all the -- a lot of the people in, so we could -- and we had a big victory. We did it. It wasn't like close. But they spent, the Democrats, spent a lot of money in this state and honestly, they didn't come close and we're doing better now that we were doing them, because now we fulfilled.

You know, this is a much easier campaign because when I first started, right? I say, "We will cut your taxes." OK. Nobody believed it. "We will do this. We will do that." Well all these things that we've done.

We will cut regulations. Nobody -- does anybody believe we're going to cut the most in the history of our country? And I did it in much less than two years. More than anybody else done in, you know, in eight years in a 16-year term.

OK. He didn't quite make it to the 16th, but it was a 16-year term. Cut more regulations than any other president. So all of these things that we've done, what we've done for coal, what we've done for steel, what we've done for industry.

I never thought, I knew we were going to do well, because I saw the potential, but I never thought were going to be at 4.2% this quickly, but we're going to go higher. I think we're going to go a lot on. When we fixed the trade deals, when we take care of our country the way it has to be taken care of, when we stop letting outside countries and other countries, many of whom aren't even allies of ours, rip us off financially, and it's all stopping.

You know, you see what's happening. You see what's going on right now. When we make great trade deals. We have a tremendous away to go, and that all goes down to GDP, it all goes down. We protect these really rich countries.

We get paid practically nothing. Our military. We're protecting countries. I said, "Could I ask you a question?" This country's loaded. They're very rich. They're worth trillions of dollars. Why are we paying for the military?

Why are they reimbursing us the cost? And all you have to do is ask, because for the most part many of them wouldn't even be there if it wasn't for us. So we're asking and we're getting very good results. You'll see a lot of, I mean, a lot of things are happening.

We're doing great. It's very important that you help Mark, and I ask you please and Ted just to come up here for a second. I'm very grateful. These guys, these two guys, and I know them both, these two guys are special people and they're going to do it. They're going to get in, they're going to help us make America great again.

They're going to help us to Keep America Great!, which is our new -- with an exclamation. They're going to help us to Keep America Great! and it's just really important that you get out there and you make sure that on November 8, right?

November 8, 6, yeah, same thing. That -- that's right. That you go -- No, but oh, did I like November 8th, they'll only be one November 8. I was only going to be one November. You get out there in November, you get out there November 6, and you got to get everyone out to vote.

I'm going to ask you just each to say just a couple of things to your friends and your supporters, but you two guys are special and we have to get them down in DC. So Mark, why don't you start off? Thanks.

God bless you all. We'll see you soon. Thank you. Thank you.