Thank you very much.  Thank you very much. Hello Pennsylvania. Let's go Pennsylvania. We've gotta do the same thing we did four years ago and I have a feeling look at this. I have a feeling we're gonna grow. And hello Butler, Butler right? Three days from now, we are going to win the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.

And we are going to win four more years in our great and beautiful White House. With your support we will continue to bring back your jobs, cut your taxes, cut regulations, and ensure more products are stamped very proudly with that wonderful term, made in the USA. Nobody else talks about that. Next year will be the greatest economic year in the history of our country.

You saw what happened the other day they don't like to report it. GDP 33.1 biggest in history. Biggest in history by far. Some people say it's one of the biggest moments for our country economically. They don't like to report it. And a lot of, lot of fake news out there. Lot of fake news.  Thank you.

Thank you. Joe Biden will shut down your economy. Ship your jobs to China where they pay him a lot of money. Raise your taxes four trillion dollar and send your state into a deep and catastrophic depression. That's what's going to happen. It's going to raise your taxes. He's the only man I've ever seen, he campaigns, "We will raise your taxes!"

All my life I've seen guys, you know you study politics, and you say, "I've never seen anyone say we're going to raise your taxes." That's his primary theme, "We're going to raise your taxes." And, "We'll end fracking." That was the other thing. Remember? He said it for a year, and then he came to Pennsylvania.

They said, "We have a million jobs." "Oh, okay. Well, we'll leave fracking." But the people won't let him, his boss's won't let him. Biden is back to abolish the entire US oil industry. No fracking, no mining, no natural gas, no heating in the winter. No air conditioning in the summer, no electricity during peak hours.

And gas prices, you like that $2.00 gas right? How about $5.00, $6.00, and $7.00? Darling, let's sell the car it's a little too large, let's get a compact. Biden's plan is an economic death sentence for Pennsylvania, he will outlaw fracking and eradicate your economy. You had the greatest year you've ever had, last year.

And now next year you're gonna have the best -- If this happens with the taxes and with the fracking, you're gonna have a real problem in Pennsylvania. Kamala -- Kamala Harris -- You know, you have to pronounce her name exactly right or she gets very upset with you. Although our great Vice President beat her very badly in that debate, wouldn't you say?

Very badly. By far the most liberal senator in the US Senate. In fact, Bernie Sanders is like a conservative by comparison. She even sponsored the Green New Deal. That's another beauty. The Green New Deal. But I have great news for Pennsylvania, so this has just happened. This is like breaking news. Are you ready for breaking news?

Because we have to protect you. Are you ready? Moments ago I signed an order to protect Pennsylvania fracking and block any effort to undermine energy production in your state. So in other words if one of these maniacs come along and they say, "We're gonna end fracking, we're gonna destroy the commonwealth of Pennsylvania." You can say, sorry about that, you have just -- I signed it on the beautiful Marine One.

Did you see that? I said, "Go right over them." Did you see it go over right over you? Whoa. It's a good way to arrive, right? I just signed it on the helicopter. I just signed it, and, uh, and I'm very honored to have done it. So we're protected. So now if they say we're gonna do this or that, let's just say they're gonna have a long fight.

Pennsylvania oil and natural gas in the Marcellus Shale contributes $45 billion to your local economy. I'd say $45 billion is a lot. No, but he said if he -- Oh, so for what, a year, right, he's on the stage with the super liberals. They had like 27 of them. We only had 17 running for the Republican, you remember? 17 plus one, I was the one.

And they said, "No, he doesn't really want it. He just wants to have a good time." No. And by the way, you consider this a good time? Okay. Okay. Let me ask you, is there a better place to be any time, any where, than a Trump rally, right? We're having a good time. We have a good time. You know why I have a good time?

Because no president, no administration, has done more in the first three and a half years -- with tax cuts and regulation cuts, and rebuilding our military, and helping our vets, and all of the things we've done, and therefore I have a good time. But we're fighting a very nasty deep state, and if we win -- and we're going to -- I think -- You know, I don't know if you see what's going on.

Florida, oh, it's looking very good. They're very concerned. They say, "What's going on in Florida? We love Florida." We're getting a lot of votes down there. This isn't based on polling, you know, polling where they say, "Let's see, what are we gonna give him today?" "Let's put him down like 30." What are we gonna do?

Suppression, you know, let's do a suppress -- No, no, the votes are actually coming in. We're looking very good in a place called Pennsylvania, but don't tell everybody. Don't tell everyone. Right, Mike? Have you seen? Our great Congressman Mike, have you seen? Very good -- very good numbers. Very, very good numbers.

Incredible. But you know, when you have crowds like this, and honestly we've -- This is my third stop. Can I -- can you believe? I have a fourth one. I have a fourth one. Other guys, they go home, "Darling, what are we having for dinner?" I say, I gotta speak in front of another 25,000 tonight. All right.

That's all right. We gotta do what we gotta do. We gotta get the job done. Just make sure you get out and vote. But Pennsylvania oil and natural gas supports nearly one million Pennsylvania jobs, so when sleepy Joe heard that he said, "Uh, yeah, of course I like fracking." You know? But -- but it's not gonna happen.

It won't happen. Uh, you know, it's not real. And it's one of the state's top exports. That's what it is. Energy is your top -- or one of your top exports. It's your biggest -- the biggest thing you do. If Joe Biden is elected, he will cancel our -- And you know that he's gonna terminate, frankly, a better word, terminate your energy industry, and every job.

Because they want to go to wind, you know? They want to go -- They don't even want wind. Honestly, I don't think they want energy period. Close down every factory. I don't think they want anything. I don't think they have any idea what they want. I know Joe doesn't, for a fact. He doesn't. He has no clue.

He is totally shot, okay? You see the new sun glasses? The aviator glasses. They should be a little bit larger. Covers up those, those new eyes. A vote for Biden and Harris is a vote to ban fracking, ban mining and completely destroy Pennsylvania. Otherwise he's not bad, you know. A vote for me is a vote to remain energy independent and build the strongest economy in the history of your state and of your country.

And our economy is now growing at the fastest rate ever recorded. That was the 33.1% that the fake news doesn't wanna talk about. Think of that. Faster than any nation in the world. In the past five months we've created a record 11.4 million American jobs. That's all right. Nobody has, we've never done that.

We've never done it. You know what? We built such a strong foundation, we had the greatest economy in the history of our country and doing it we have the plague, we had the plague come in from China. And we had to close it up for a little while and we closed it up and then, but the foundation was so strong.

And that's why -- I don't know if you saw auto production, housing production, the numbers are through the roof. Many of the numbers are bigger and better. Did you know this, Mike Kelly? The numbers are bigger and better than they were before the plague came in, okay? It's pretty amazing, right? It's pretty amazing.

That's 'cause the foundation. If we didn't a s -- if we didn't have the foundation it would just the opposite. We would have been in big trouble. And, again, faster than other nation. While foreign nations are in a total free fall, we're creating the world's greatest economic powerhouse. And that's what we're doing.

We're gonna have a greater year next y -- I mean, unless somebody comes in and quadruples your taxes. "We're gonna raise taxes." A recent Gallup poll, this is amazing, just came out, found that 56% of Americans say they're better off today than they were four years ago under the Obama-Biden administration.

And in all fairness, that's during a pandemic. And we're rounding the corner of the pandem -- but that's during a pandemic. Think of that. If Biden -- Thank you, too. W -- I don't know, he's, well, he's gotta have his -- They're back there. Look at that, you can't even see, you can't even see, no, it's, like, you can't even see the end of people.

A lotta people. There's a lotta people here. If Biden gets in the economy will collapse. To save your steel jobs I imposed historic tariffs on dumped steel. Remember, the were dumping, China was dumping steel all over the place. I said, you're dumping steel. "We didn't do it!" Oh, it didn't? Oh, I see. They'd send it through other countries, right? "We didn't do it." I'd say, "How did that country do it?

They don't have a steel mill. They don't make the product." "We didn't do it!" Came through, we won't use a name. Came through Thailand. Oh, but they don't do this. They don't happen to do this. We saved one thousand, four hundred jobs at AK Steel right here in Butler. Anybody work at AK? Yeah? Oh. I know they're voting for us.

Right? We did a, we did a good job. That was not good what was happening. We did a good job. That's great. I love that. Biden will remove all the tariffs. He said, "I'm gonna take the tariffs off." They pay us tens of billions of dollars a year. We never got 10 cents from China. China's done more to hurt our economy for years and years they take out hundreds of billions of dollars.

Not millions. Millions is a lot. Hundreds of billions of dollars. They had five hundred and seven billion dollars came got sucked out of our country. And then on top of it we have the pandemic, which they coulda stopped. They stopped it from going into the rest of China. We think, we think. You know, they're very secretive.

Have you ever heard that? They're a little different than our country. They talk about deaths. "Yes, uh, one person passed away in China." No, they had, they had a big, they had a big problem too, but they coulda stopped it. Instead it went out to Europe, the US and the rest of the world. 188 countries. So it was, uh, really -- So congratulations because Biden will close down AK Steel.

How do you feel about being closed down? They don't like that idea. He will, though. That's what happens. Joe Biden is a diehard globalist who spent the last 47 years outsourcing your jobs, opening your borders and sacrificing American blood and treasure. In endless foreign wars in countries that most of you have never even heard of.

Biden is a Washington vulture who decimated your steel mills, annihilated your coal jobs, that's for sure, and supported every disastrous sell-out trade deal for a half a century. Biden was a cheerleader for NAFTA, the worst trade deal ever made, and for China's entry into the World Trade Organization, where they are considered at a level where they get all the advantages.

We don't get the advantages. They're considered a developing nation. I said, "No, no. You're not gonna be a developing nation. We're a developing nation. Because if you're a developing nation, you get all of the advantages." And we were treated very badly, and, uh, we said, "Look, we're gonna have to talk about this." You know, we pulled out of the World Health Organization.

You know why? No. So we have 325 million people. China has 1.5 billion people, right? We paid $500 million a year. They paid $39 million a year. In addition to that, they had guys -- And for this I give them credit, but they had guys that practically ran the place, right? So they're paying $39, and we're paying $500, and we have a smaller population.

But we have a stronger economy, and we were beating them. You know, all of our -- For the last ten years, anybody in business -- You heard 2019, China will surpass the United States in the economy, that China was going to be a bigger economy. 2019, 2019. And then I came along and we were sky rocketing way, way above.

They would have never -- they would have never caught us. They would have never caught us. Then we got hit with the plague, but now we're -- we're bringing it back into -- You know, I talked about a V, and the fake news said it won't happen? It's a super V! Super V. Audience chants "Four more years"] Thank you.

Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you very much. No, we have a super V. That's even better. They all said, "Oh, it won't be a V. It'll be a K. Or it'll be an S." They have no idea what the hell they're talking about. They want to make it as bad as possible. But it's a super V, that's what's gonna happen.

And, uh, big thing in the election, if we win you're gonna see a stock market that roars. We have a headwind, and the headwind is, we're in an election. If Biden ever got in, you'll go -- I mean, can you imagine? Uh, quadrupling everyone's taxes, and all of the regulations put back on. And I'm a believer in regulation, but not where it takes you 20 years to build a highway.

Not -- We're down -- by the way, we're down to two years. We're gonna get it down to one. And it may get rejected, and if it does, that's fine. For safety reasons, for environmental reasons, something. But you're gonna know in a year. And you're gonna be able to build your highway. And it's -- it's so much, you have no idea.

We have done -- You are so lucky I'm your president. You are so lucky. You are so lucky that we've taken this journey together, right? We've taken this journey, this beautiful journey together, and it is. It's been an amazing journey. But we've accomplished so much. At every turn, Biden twisted his knife into the backs of Pennsylvania workers.

When sleepy Joe Biden was giving China your jobs, his family was raking in millions and millions of dollars from the Chinese Communist Party. And whether you like it or not, Joe Biden is a corrupt politician, and you see what's happened. And they don't like that. See, what they'll do is they're gonna -- Because they don't want any of that to get out, because we've learned a lot about the media.

They don't let any of this get out. They don't want any of it to get out. Nobody knew this. We have learned more in the last two weeks about the media and about the tech giants -- Big tech. We've learned a lot. We've learned a lot. But you know what? The worst -- perhaps it's very hard for them -- Take a look at this.

The word spread. If Biden wins, China wins. When we win, America wins, and we produce the greatest economy ever. In 2016, Pennsylvania voted to fire this corrupt political establishment, and you elected an outsider as president, who is finally putting America first. You mind? And if I don't sound like a typical Washington politician, it's because I'm not a politician.

I guess it's one of the reasons I got elected. Like these guys, like my friends, they're good politicians. If I don't always play by the rules of Washington and the Washington establishment, it's because I was elected to fight for you and I fight harder for you than any President has ever fought. That I can tell you.

And I'm not just running against Joe Biden, I'm running against the left-wing media, the big tech giants, the RINOs. You know what a RINO is? A RINO is Republican In Name Only. We know too many of them, right? But their-their a dying breed. Their -- They can't believe it. They used to make so much money and now their-their reduced to doing other things.

They don't like us too much but that's okay, that's the way it's supposed to be. And the Washington swamp. We are draining the swamp what is very deep and very vicious. On Tuesday, November 3, you can send them a message that they will never forget. You don't have to take my word on Biden's  so what I do for very special states like Pennsylvania -- What I do is, we produce a, uh, video.

Go on, take a look. Here's an expensive video. Take a look.

You said on tape.

I'll put it on.

Would he close down --

-- the oil industry?

Would you close down --

-- the oil industry?

Oh, that's a big statement.

In terms of business, that's the biggest statement --

-- because basically what he is saying is he is going to destroy the oil industry. Will you remember that, Texas?

Will you remember that Pennsylvania?

Oh, it's funny, it's Joe.

Well maybe he forgot.

Are we gonna let him get away with this?

Thank you very much. There's a lot of truth to that, isn't there? This election is a choice between a Biden depression, which is what will happen, or a Trump boom, there's gonna be a boom. It's a choice between a deadly Biden lockdown, and by the way governor open up the state of Pennsylvania.

Open it up. Open up those schools, open it up. Or a safe vaccine that ends the pandemic, it's ending anyway but we have the greatest companies in the world and we're literally weeks away. And we're going to mass distribute the vaccine in just a little while, we have our great military doing it and they are set to do this.

They're going to do it so quickly. We'll eradicate more quickly the virus, wipe out the China plague once and for all. And it's back to work, back to work, back to work which is what we want. You know what we want? We want normal, we want normal. We want normal. Let's go back, go back seven months. Hello, how are you doing?

Biden will delay the vaccine and oppose a crushing lockdown in all America. Jenny wants to lock it down. He has no idea he what -- they'll tell them what to do, he'll do whatever they ask. Even on the youngest Americans who are at the lowest risk, like Baron Trump, 14 years old. Sir, your son just tested positive.

I said, "Positive for what doc?". He said, "He's got -- ", he didn't say the China plague, he said he's got, he said he's got COVID. So he's 14, he's very tall. You know, Baron, right? He's very tall, but he's strong. And he's got to have -- I asked like 12 minutes later, "How's Baron doing.", "Sir he's fine.", oh, God.

I said, "That wasn't too long doc, you sure he had it?", "Yeah, he had it." That's why I say get the kids back to school, get them back. Get them back to school. But I had it. I'm sure you didn't hear that, did you hear that son? Did you see the debate the other night? Yes. That was a big debate, it had a lot of people watch it.

That was good, that was good. We did a good job of expose -- that was like Perry Mason, you know the whole thing about the oil. I said, "Well, wait a minute. Let's talk about this. We're just about ready to go off the air.". Even she, she looked, Krista Walker, she was fair, she wasn't supposed to be, she was fair.

She looked at him when he's made the statement about yeah, we're going to transition out of oil, we're going to transition out of this, out of the fracking. And she said, "Why did you say that?". Even I said I felt like Perry Mason you know in the end everything is going badly and that I did it. I did it.

It was, it was him. I'm gonna transition. He didn't have to answer, I said, "You mean you're gonna get out of oil?", "No, I'm going to transition.". "Oh, that's okay. What did you say?". And I just hope you people were listening, okay, because that's where it's coming. The Biden lockdown will result in countless deaths from suicide, drug overdose, deferred medical care, all sorts of abuse all sorts of problems, the cure can never be worse.

Remember, I've been saying it from the beginning, then the problem itself, you can't do that. He will imprison you and your home, letting riders roam free. You know, we call this a protest because the only way you could meet is if you have a protest. They didn't, they weren't expecting this kind of a protest, right?

You know if you want to go to church, sure if you want to go to church, you can't. If you want to burn down the stores and run down Main Street and knock people over and do whatever you want to do, that's okay because they want to make sure that they can protest. Not with me. Under Biden, there will be no school, no graduations, no weddings, no Thanksgiving, no Easter, no Christmas.

No 4th of July, no nothing. Other than that, you're gonna have a wonderful life. Now, we've got a great future. We have more potential in this country. He made a mistake today. I watched him you know, he's really boring. If that's the case, 10 people. And Obama came, brought another 10 with him, they had nobody.

All you hear is like a couple of horns, and most of the horns are like from our people. You know, there like, "Did you see?" And he called them, what did he call them? Ugly people or something, that was terrible. He shouldn't say, it's not politically correct. He's been in this business a long time, 47 years, he shouldn't be saying that.

Yeah, but most of the noises are people. It's like, "Uh, this is . You know, in history, there's never been a movement like this. There really hasn't. There's never been anything like this. There's never been. And we have the fake news 96% against us, think of it, because you're smart.

The smartest people are you, you get it. Now you have them against, uh, their heads are exploding as a friend of ours would say.  If you want a vaccine to kill the virus, a job to support your great family and freedom, to live your life, then I am asking you to vote for Republican, vote for Trump, let's keep it going.

We'll keep it going. We'll keep it going. We have more potential, but Biden said today, he said, "There's never been a better time to run. There's never been a better time to run this country. This country is in great shape." And I'm saying, "Wait a minute, he's not supposed to be saying that. Was sort of a strange saying, but I don't know if anybody picked it up.

I'm sure if they did, they wouldn't mention it. Oh, if I did, it's a disaster. I have to watch every word, even pronunciation. If you pronounce a word slightly off, you know you're talking for five days, one word, it's like, "Oh!" These people are the worst. Joining us today are the opposite of the worst.

They're warriors, and they've been with me from the beginning, 197 to nothing with the fake impeachment. The impeachment over a phone call. "Hello, congratulations on winning." Right? Ukraine. If you see any corruption, please report it to the Attorney General of the United States because they have a lot of corruption in Ukraine.

They said, "Let's impeach him for that." And, uh, what a disgrace. Honest, wasn't that a disgrace. Think of it, the time wasted. The time wasted. But we have some people that fought with me, and on other things too. And we've, we haven't lost. We haven't lost yet. We'll start with a man who is great, respected by everybody in Washington, and here.

And loved by this entire state, Congressman Mike Kelly, a real friend. Great, my great guy. And another warrior Guy Reschenthaler. Guy? Where's Guy? What happened to your location Guy? What happened? That's you're being very nice to a lot people Guy, that's very good. Thank you. Great help. And another one, Congressman G.T. Thompson, G.T. Great thank you, great job.

They're warriors, they really are incredible. And we wanna get you a couple of -- G.T., could we get you a couple of other warriors, you mind? Congressional candidates Luke Negron, Luke Negron. Where is Luke? I've heard you're doing very well Luke, go win. Get, get 'em in. Get these people out. Get the Nancy Pelosi crowd out, crazy Nancy.

Crazy Nancy. They don't represent your values, they don't. Another one is gonna be an absolute star, running against a lamb, a little lamb. Running against a lamb. And this guy is, uh, he's fantastic. I'll tell you. You have to see his record, he's a hero, he's a hero, he's a star. I'm even tweeting him all the time.

I say he's got it. You know, he, they fixed around and played around with the district. Now, they're having a problem with ballots. They sent like thousands of ballots out, and they were wrong. So, they said, "Oh, don't worry about 'em, just send them." And they will. You know where they'll send them to?

The elections commission. So, Sean's gotta be careful, but Sean is the star. Sean, Sean Parnell. Sean. He's a star. And he's a tough cookie. Tough cookie, made be tough enough, I don't know, this is interesting Sean. Maybe tough enough to have played football. all for the great Lou Holtz, who's a friend of mine.

Where is Lou Holtz? Come here Lou, come here. So Lou has been -- Lou is a great, great coach, and a great guy, and he's an inspiration to a lot of people. Uh, he just lost his incredible, of how many years Lou, were you?

59 -- that's, that's what I'll never be able to top you on Lou. But he had a great wife, who was really brave, and what she went through, and he's getting the Presidential Medal of Freedom for just an outstanding life. Want to say something Lou? Say something, go ahead Lou.

Wow! Hey, I'm glad I brought him up, huh? That's great. He's a great gentleman. Great man. We're also joined by many members of UAW Local 3303. Where are you?  They've been great. They have been great. What a group. Thank you fellows.

Appreciate it. Thank you Tom. Appreciate it very much. Great people. We have so many endorsements from so many -- But we have almost every law enforcement group is endorsing us. Almost every one. We have a lot. So who's with law enforcement tonight? Law enforcement?  Yep. Tremendous. The sheriffs.

Florida, Oklahoma, Texas, Louisiana, New York's finest endorsed. First time they've ever endorsed, endorsed a presidential candidate. So, it's been great. Chicago, can you imagine Chicago? The Police -- police in Chicago, they're having a hard time. They have people that won't let them do their job. They just won't let them to their job.

When you see them, you know, when you see the New York stats go way up, Chicago go way up, and then Portland. Do we want to go into Portland so badly, take out the anarchists. It would take us about 25 minutes. You saw what happened in Indianapolis. You know after a week and a half they could have called, they could have called a little quicker like about an hour.

But, uh, remember the CNN? The Light, the light always goes off when ever -- TURN THE LIGHT ON! He's talking about us again. It's all right. They're ratings aren't that good, so it's not like you're losing to them. Remember that guy, does the little shave job, right? I was, I was thinking about doing it, but, I wanted to remain your president.

You know shave head? He goes, Ally Velcher, right? Ally Velcher. I don't even know who the hell he is. I just have a good memory. Ally Velcher? And he's going, "This is a peaceful protest!" You know, he's being hit by rocks, and such. "This is a peaceful protest! It's wonderful to see such a peaceful protest." And then they have the camera on him, and behind, you have a city that's burning.

It's blocks long. I've never seen a fire like that. I always, it looked like Berlin in the worst day of the war. And he's saying, "This is a peaceful protest." Well, this is a peaceful protest also. For 47 years, Joe Biden betrayed, insulted, jailed, and attacked Black Americans. He called them super-predators.

He used the term 'super-predators.' And he's uh, not a good person. That I can tell you. You know, because some people knew him in primetime. This is no longer primetime. Now he's shot. Some people knew him in primetime. He's not -- and frankly, if he were, I would never say the things I say about him. But he's not a good person.

I signed landmark criminal justice reform, and in a second term will continue fighting for African Americans like never before. And I appreciate the support that I'm getting in the election. It's very early, but it's -- I really appreciate it. From African Americans, and form Hispanic Americans, the support has been incredible.

And in Florida you have to see what's going on. You get to go home. They're trying to figure out what is going on. I never say we won Florida, I'd never say we won anything, you know? But I'll tell you, it's gonna be tough for them to catch us. It's gonna be very tough. We've had tremendous support from the black community, from the -- from the Hispanic community.

It's been incredible. All over. All over. And we appreciate it.But when he's calling and using terms like super-predator, which is a term that you can't use, but he used it all over the place. To protect our security I suspended the entry of foreign refugees from terror-afflicted nations. Biden has pledged a staggering 700% increase in refugees from the most violent terrorist hotspots anywhere on earth.

If you don't mind, I'll end that. And that was the deal, the manifesto that he agreed to with Bernie Sanders and AOC plus three, right? So you had Bernie Sanders -- This has actually took them further left. Bernie wasn't even this -- 700% increase. The Biden plan would overwhelm your communities and hospitals and open the floodgates to radical Islamic terrorism.

Call France, ask them how are they doing. How are they doing? You saw what's happened. What's happened is -- is a disgrace. I called the president, Macron, good -- good friend of mine, great guy, and I just, uh, gave our condolences on behalf of our country. But what's going on over there is terrible. So if you don't mind, we'll take a pass.

Is that okay? You know, I passed the ban, right? The ban. And everybody said, "Oh, what a terrible thing." A lot of them said, "What a terrible thing. But let's not fight it." And, uh, we -- we won in the Supreme Court a long time ago and now we keep people out who can't love our country. People that want to hurt people.

We want them out, and we will keep them out. I am also keeping the terrorists and jihadists, we -- And -- and again, you know, some people say that's not politically acceptable, but whether it is or not, I have to do what's right for our country. We are keeping them the hell out of our country. We invested $2.5 trillion, most ever, in the United States military.

We have totally rebuilt our military. Our military was depleted. Our military was totally depleted from years of endless wars that just kept going on and on. We were -- we became the policemen of nations, and, uh, we invested $2.5 -- We have the finest equipment in the world. We are the envy of Russia and China, and North Korea, and anybody else.

We have equipment, the, uh, rockets and missiles and tanks, and submarines -- Submarines. Nobody does like we have, the submarines. And all of the things that we've been doing and building, and our planes, you have 35 stealth. You can't see it. It's hard to shoot down, because you can't see it. The enemy says, "You know, we want to figure that one out." And in five years, they will.

The only thing they won't figure out is the wall and the wheel, right? The wall and the wheel, right? We are doing great on that wall. It's almost complete. That's why you don't hear about it anymore. And we saved a place called -- I'm sure you've never heard of it. The Philadelphia shipyard. You know that?

And Biden was shutting it down. They were shutting it down and we said, "No thank you. We'll keep it open." And it's doing a good job. We also passed VA Choice and VA Accountability, our great vets. And we recently got a 91% approval rating from our vets, so now the vets can go online, and if they have to wait a long time to see a doctor -- We have great doctors in there, but it -- have to wait two weeks, three weeks, a long time.

They go out, they get a doctor, local doctor. We take care of the bill, and we take care of our great vets. We take care of our vets. They've been trying to get that for 44 years or something. And the accountability is where they don't treat our -- We have people that work there that don't treat our vets with respect.

They don't treat them good. They don't love our vets like we do. And we couldn't do anything about it, because of unions and because of civil service and lots of other reasons. And they've been trying to get this for over 40 years. And now if we have somebody that doesn't treat our vets right, if they're sadistic, if they steal from them, if they do bad things to them, we say, "Jim, sorry, you're fired.

Get the hell out of here." And we get them out. And we terminated about 8,000 people that should have never been there. We couldn't do anything about it. So our vets are leading a much better life. Really it's a -- it's a tremendous thing. Not that I like firing people, I don't like firing people, but they're leading a much better life.

There were terri -- some terrible people in there, and they couldn't do a thing about it. You couldn't do a thing about it. Last night -- They never thought they'd get that one passed. Last night on my direction the United States military conducted a successful operation to rescue an American hostage kidnapped overseas.

It was 96 hours, 96 hours. Our incredible people from the US Special Forces brilliantly executed a daring nighttime operation. They kidnapped an American in a far away land. Over the last four years, we've rescued over 55 hostages and detainees in more than 24 countries. And we don't pay. We never pay. If you pay, you'll have thousands of people all of a sudden.

You can't pay. No, this -- this taught them a lesson. We had no casualties, nobody injured, except the other side was badly injured, I'll tell you. You have no idea. I won't tell you how badly injured. But they kidnapped an American, and they can't do that. And I just want to thank Special Forces, these are really Special Forces, but they're really special people.

And today's operation should serve as a stark warning to terrorists and thugs who try to kidnap our people no matter where it may be. You cannot escape the long reach of American justice. So they did a great job. And as you know, we wiped out 100% of the ISIS caliphate in Syria and Iraq. And we killed the vicious, horrible founder and leader of ISIS, al-Baghdadi.

They were looking for him for 18 years. One of the first things I said is, "Find al-Baghdadi." And they found him, and they killed him. That was Conan, right? Conan, the dog. Conan, who was incredible. In fact, they gave Conan far more credit than the President, but that's okay. He deserved it, actually.

We took out the mass murderer of US troops, and many troops, and many people. The worst terrorist of them all, Soleimani is dead. Soleimani is dead. And I withdrew from last administration's disastrous Iran nuclear deal. 150 billion f -- for nothing. For nothing. 1.8 billion in cash we gave them. Can you believe it?

What is 1.8 billion, Mike, in cash? How did you let that happen, Mike? He said, "It wasn't my fault!" I recognized the capitol of Israel, and opened the American embassy in Jerusalem. I also recognized Israeli sovereignty over the Golan Heights. They've been working on it for 52 years. We got it done in two hours.

And instead of endless war, we're forging peace in the Middle East. You see what's happening? They're all coming together. No more blood in the sand. Biden will plunge us into one ridiculous foreign war after another. He loves the war stuff, you know? It's like, hey, uh, we want to have the greatest stuff in the world, we don't have to fight, but if we ever fight, we only fight to win.

We only fight to win. Not let's do this, oh, let's not do that. No, if we fight, we fight to win.  Thank you. Thank you very much. A vote for me and the Republican party is a vote to save the American dream. Very simple. And just remember, the late great Abraham Lincoln happened to be a Republican, right?

Got to remember that. You got to remember that. In conclusion, over the next four -- I could stay with you all night. I have to go to another part -- Can you believe it? I'm gonna take that chopper, we're gonna go to another part of Pennsylvania, and then we're gonna have such a big day on Tuesday -- No, the -- the fake news can't believe it.

They said, "This guy has a -- " You know, they follow me all over the -- They say, "This guy has got a lot of energy." I'll tell you -- Thank you very much. Over the next four years, we will make America into the manufacturing superpower of the world. And we will end our reliance on China, and we've already started that long ago, actually.

We will hire more police, increase penalties for assaults on law enforcement, and we will ban deadly sanctuary cities. We will defend the right to life, free speech, religious liberty, and the right to keep and bear arms. Second amendment. Your second amendment is under siege. Don't worry, as long as I'm here, it's not under siege, and you guys are -- you guys are right there with me.

You guys are right there with me. We will maintain America's unrivaled military might. That's what we've done, that's what we've done. Like we've never had before. And we will ensure peace through strength. We will end surprise medical billing, require price transparency. Starts January 1st, bigger than healthcare.

You watch. All set to go. January 1st. All signed up. Lower drug prices even more. Favored nations, we're gonna go from the highest to the lowest price, anywhere in the world. The drug companies are not good fans of President Trump. They don't like me. They're taking out more ads than sleepy Joe about me.

They're saying things about me in those ads, and all I'm doing is just giving you the lowest price in the world. I don't know, they're -- they come up with things. It's not good to do that. I don't know. To me it's good to do that. And we will always protect patients with pre-existing conditions. America will land the first woman on the moon, and the United States will be the first nation to land an astronaut on Mars, very exciting actually, and don't forget, that's on top of Space Force.

With everything else we did, Space Force. We created the first new branch in 75 years. Air Force was the last one, now we have Space Force, and we never even used to talk about that at the rallies, right? I've actually done more, I really believe that, I think I've done more than I promised. I may be the only politician, if you call me a politician, we've done more than I promised.

I think that might be a first. We'll have to check that out. Check that out . Space Force, we needed it. Now there's something, when I became president I saw Russia, I saw China, then I saw what was going on and I said "We have to do that too," and I got great help from the Republican senate and from these gentlemen right here, and we actually had some bipartisan help, believe it or not, which is not easy to get.

We will stop the radical indoctrination of our students and restore patriotic education to our schools. We will teach our children to love our country, honor our history and always respect our great American flag. And we will live by the timeless words of our national motto, "In God we trust." You know, at the democrat national convention, right, the pledge of allegiance, they took the word "God" out -- And I watched it, and I said -- "They must have made a typo." The problem was, then I heard it a second time, and I said "That was not a typo." And the American public went crazy and all of a sudden they put it back, but that's where they're coming from.

Never going to happen with me, never going to happen with these guys, right? Never going to happen with our guys, right fellas? For years you had a president who apologized for America, now you have a president who is standing up for America and standing up for the great people of Pennsylvania. It's true.

For the last four years you've seen me fight for you, and now I'm relying on you to deliver another historic victory for our country. On November 3rd we must finish the job. You have to go out and vote. You just have to go out and vote. We're going to finish draining the swamp. It's deeper and more vicious than anybody ever thought.

Swamp creatures, you know? That's a great term. Swamp, do you know what a swamp creature is? We've got them all over Washington. So get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors, get your coworkers, grab your boss, "Come on, boss," and you have to get out and vote, November 3rd. On November 3rd, and you want to do that, you want to .  doing, huh?

We're doing so well, because November 3rd, our people, they just want to get out and vote. We're going to have a historic day. I really believe that. We're going to have one, just based on what's going on throughout all these other states. So, but we win Pennsylvania, we win it all, you know that, right?

We win Pennsylvania, we win it all. If we win Pennsylvania, it's over. It's over. And I told you, Florida's looking so good, and Ohio is looking so great. They've always been great. They've always been great. They get it. For generations, America's destiny was made foraged -- Hello, folks. Oh, they're very happy.

I, I think I love them. I might as well wait until they finish up.  Thank you. Thank you. You know, you're such a friendly group. I said, you know, I don't want to interrupt them, they're having -- NO, that was good. Thank you very much, and we do appreciate it. For generations America's destiny was made, forged and won in places like Johnstown and Pittsburgh, Erie, Altoona, Bethlehem, and right here in Butler, true?

Our American ancestors gave their blood, sweat and tears to defend our country and our freedom. We stand on the shoulders of American heroes who crossed the ocean, settled continent, tamed the wilderness, laid down the railroads, raised up the skyscrapers, won two world wars, defeated fascism and communism, and made America into the single greatest nation in the history of the world, and the best is yet to come.

The best is yet to come, truly. Proud citizens like you help build this country, and together we are taking back our country. We are returning power to you -- the American people. That's what we're doing. Ultimately, that's what we're doing, right? With your help, your devotion and your drive, we are going to keep on working, we are going to keep on fighting, and we are going to keep on winning, winning, winning.

We are one movement, one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God. And together with the incredible people of Pennsylvania, we have made America powerful again. Our great military, our great, great military. We have made America wealthy again. Your 401(k)s are doing great. Your 401(k)s. And if we could get Biden out of the way, you'll see a stock market that goes through the roof.

He's a headwind. You know what I call him? I call him Joe Headwind. He's a head -- We get him out of the way, you'll see a stock market that goes through the roof. It's already. Can you imagine in the middle of a pandemic, we're doing so well. We have made America strong again. We have made America proud again.

We have made America safe again. And we will make America great again. Thank you, Pennsylvania. Thank you. Thank you very much. Go out and vote. Thank you, everybody.