Oh, thank you. Ah, wow. This is a big crowd. We have a lot of big crowds, but this is a big crowd. This is great. Thank you very much. Hello, Traverse City. Hello, Michigan. We want the same result as we had four years ago, from Michigan, right? And we fulfilled all our promises. You have auto plants, so many, you have -- You didn't have one in 42 years, and now you have 17, and going up, and they're going so fast, I don't know.

Nobody's complaining, I can tell you that. But, uh, we want that same result. We're gonna get out and vote, because tomorrow we are going to win the state. And we are going to win four more years in the White House. And I want to thank you to our great Vice President, Mike Pence. He works so hard. I will take him over Kamala every day of the week.

I will take -- We will take Mike, he's great. He's great. He'd done a great job. He works very hard. And he had a good debate. Didn't he have a good debate against Kamala? From a different world. With your vote, we will continue to cut your taxes, cut regulations, support our police, support our great military, protect our second amendment, defend religious liberty, and ensure more products are proudly stamped with that beautiful term, "Made in the USA." Right?

Made in the USA. Next year --  -- will be the greatest -- economic year in the history of our country. You know, you had a great year last year, the year before, the yes before, three great years. The best you've ever had and, you're gonna have the best year you ever had next year.

We're all set. You saw what happened, under my leadership. Our economy is now growing at the fastest rate ever. Ever, ever -- recorded. 33.1% you saw that on Friday. We created a record 11.4 million jobs in the last five months. That's a record, while foreign nations are in a free fall. Sadly in a free fall, you look at what's happening with Europe and other places, very sad.

We are creating an economic powerhouse unrivaled anywhere in the world. You look at our numbers, look at the auto numbers, look at what's happening with that business. And, uh, so many other businesses in this country, but that business because we happened to be in a place that likes automobiles. Right?

A recent Gallup Poll just came out. Found that 56% of Americans say they are better off today than they were four years ago, under Obama and Biden. And that's during a pandemic, and we're rounding the corner. We're rounding the corner. And you gotta open your states. You gotta open your state. Open it, open it up, Governor.

Open it up, Governor. Right? Open it up, Governor. You gotta open it up. If Biden and Harris and the radical left gain power, they will collapse our economy and send our nation into a very steep depression.  They want to raise taxes at a level that nobody's ever heard of before. Biden will raise your taxes over four trillion dollars.

Ma -- It's not him. Did, do you think it's him? He doesn't have a clue. He has no clue. But that's okay, let's assume he does. We have to win, and so that's that. Can't do that to our country. Our country has too much unbelievable potential, actually. Massively increasing your regulations, shutting down your economy.

They're gonna close down your factories, send your jobs overseas to China, and other places. I don't think so. Destroy the suburbs. Are you happy in the suburbs that I ended the regulation that was going to destroy the suburbs? And has been destroyed, the suburbs. The woman of the suburbs, they love me, I think, but, you know, the fake news says they don't. But I think they do.

They love their home. They love their house. They don't want a development put next to their house. They want their house the way it is. They want to have their beautiful house, and they want to have security, and they want to have safety. I think they like Trump. I really do. That happened the last time.

That happened four years ago. Remember? They said, "Women will not vote for Donald Trump," at that time. "Women will not." And then at the end of the evening, where they were all crying, they say, "Women, what happened?" The women came out, right? The women, the women liked us. That's nice. Well, I like the women, I will tell you.

I think the women are great. You notice? We don't even talk about the men with suburbia. We let you guys be alone. They want to dissolve your borders. Maybe rip down the wall. They were talking about that, "Let's take down the wall."  You know, we have our strongest border right now. And the wall is almost complete.

Mexico is paying for the wall, by the way, but -- It's almost complete. Terminate religious liberty, outlaw private healthcare. 180 million people, they want to take it away, go to socialized medicine. I don't think so.  You've worked for hard for that. You have some of the greatest healthcare in the world.

You've worked hard for it. They want to take it away. 180 million private plans. Take it away. Now, if you feel a little bad or if you want a checkup, you go to a hospital. You wait in line for about six weeks, and you get yourself checked out. If they say you have a problem, they can't do anything about it.

That's called socialized medicine. Confiscate your guns. Second amendment.  And indoctrinate your children with anti-American lies.  And just a little while ago, on the beautiful Air Force One -- How does it look? Let me see. Oh, you don't see it. By the way, how 'bout the sky?

Wow. It's so beautiful. Let's just look at the sky for a little while. I wish we had time, right? I wish we had time. So, uh -- You know, I've made uh -- We'll do five today. Five of these, all with love. All with big crowds. All with love. Probably. Somebody said I actually do six today, because we finished up last night in Miami, at 1:30 in the morning, so --  Thank you.

Oh, thank you very much. Thank you. That's very nice. Thank you. Don't make me cry. Don't make me cry. You know, if I started to cry, they'd have a big story. They'd say, "The President broke down and cried." And I don't know if that's good for us. Probably, it could -- Maybe it brings me up four or five points.

I promise. Huh? I don't care. But that's really nice. You know, it's never been said before. They say that's never been -- We've liked Ronald Reagan. We've like a lot. But they say that's -- The love, we love you. Think of it. When you think about it. Right? No, it's, it's an incredible, it's an incredible thing.

We've worked hard. We've gotten you everything we said. We've done the things we said. We've done the things we said. We got you the biggest tax cut in history, the biggest regulation cut in history. We've rebuilt our military. Our vets just gave us a 91% approval rating, on what we've done for them. We've got you Space Force, and you'll be making a lot of the stuff, right here in Michigan.

Face -- Space Force is the first -- That is the first time, in 74 years, since Air Force. Think of that. Right? A whole new force. I just signed an executive order, on Air Force One, to teach our students pro-American values. It's a good thing. With all the things that I've been watching, that have been taking place over a pretty long period of time, a pretty long period of time, even before Obama and Sleepy Joe.

Biden has vowed to abolish the American oil and natural gas industries and to ban fracking. Look, he said it. He said it.  He campaigned, for over a year, "We will ban fracking. We will ban fracking. We will ban fracking." Then he goes to Pennsylvania and they said, "Well, you know." His people told him.

He didn't have any idea what they meant, but it was okay. He listens to 'em. They said, "Listen, you have to be in favor of fracking now." He said, "Okay. No problem. Why?" I always said it about 200 times during debates. Right? So they've been -- So now he goes into Pennsylvania, where we just left. Great people, by the way.

You talk about -- That was a, an unbelievably enthusiastic group of people. We're going to win Pennsylvania. We're going to win. We're going to win Michigan, too. We're going to win. We're going to win Pennsylvania. We won Pennsylvania last time, too. We won this one, we won -- This one hadn't been won for many, many years, and Pennsylvania the same thing.

It wouldn't -- But then Trump came along We won them both. We beat crooked Hillary, crooked Hillary. Now we have a guy that makes Hillary look like a baby. No, we had some -- We've had a good time. And until the Chinese, until the China plague came along, everything was good. We closed it down, we saved two million lives.

Now we're opening it up. We had the greatest economy we've ever had. See the hat? All the make America great again, now we're having it make America great again, again. You know? And our country was coming together. You know, the other side was calling. Everybody was successful. Best numbers for unemployment, African-American, Hispanic American.

And, by the way, do you see what's going on in Florida? African-American, the numbers are phenomenal. Hispanic American, the numbers are beyond belief. They got problems. You notice they haven't been talking too much about Florida for the last, uh, six or seven hours? They're not liking what they see. They're not -- Wow, that is a lot of people.

Look, you can't even see. Why don't you take the cameras down there? You can't even see the end. I hope you can hear us down there. It's like two football fields away. I hope you can hear us. That's great. Wow, that's really good. But, uh, no, Florida's looking great. You're looking great. Came out two or three up.

I don't why two or three up. You know, am I supposed to be happy with three up over this guy? I tell you. But, you know what? Let's just put the win in the column. We won't even talk about it. But you're looking great. North Carolina, great. Um, Iowa came out, the big poll came out yesterday. You saw it.

And we were a lot up. Big, big up. Well, the farmer's like me, you know? I got, for the farmers, 28 billion dollars I got, 28 billion from China. Thank you very much, China. Thank you. Because they targeted the farmers. They targeted the farmers, and I said to Sonny Perdue, Secretary of Agriculture, "Sonny, how much?" He said, "Well, two years ago, it was 12. And last year it was 16 billion." 16 billion, 12 billion.

A total of 28 billion. And I tariffed China. We took the 28 billion. We had a lot of money left over, into the treasury, and we gave it to the farmers, and the farmers are not complaining. I tell you, they're in business. They would have been out of business. Biden's energy ban will send every state into crushing poverty . And you know this, you know what they're doing, from Michigan to Wisconsin to Arizona, where we're leading very nicely, thank you, and to Pennsylvania.

As long as I'm president, we will remain the number one producer of oil and natural gas on earth. And we will remain energy independent. We're energy independent for the first time, first time. That means we don't have to call people up in far away places and say, "We need some oil, please. We'll send our armies over there to protect you and help you." But we do have great allies over there.

We'll help them. And we've certainly helped Israel, but we have a lot of good people over there. We'll help them. But we don't need their oil. It's nice not to need -- We have more oil than they do now. You know, we have actually more oil than they do. We're the largest in the world. Isn't that a nice feeling?

Sleepy Joe -- And that would not have happened, except for what we've done over the last three and-a-half years. There's never been an administration, or president, there's never been an administration that has done, in the first three and-a-half years what we've done. Never. And not even close. With all the things we've done.

And the fake news never even questions it. I've been saying it for a long time. They don't even question it because they can't. Joe Biden is a globalist who spent 47 years outsourcing your jobs, opening your borders, and sacrificing American blood and treasure in endless, ridiculous foreign wars. Countries you've never even heard of.

A vote for Biden is a vote to extinguish and eradicate your state's auto industry. You don't like that, do you? I don't think so. You know, he was going to do the PPP, he was going to do different things that would've been so bad for you. I ended it, I ended it all. He was a cheerleader for NAFTA, which was the worst trade deal ever made, probably by any country, that sent all your auto jobs -- You know, they have 32% of our auto jobs, right?

And, uh, It's probably the number one reason I ran for president. And, in fact, I was in Michigan. I don't know if anybody remembers this, 12 years ago they gave me the Man of the Year. You remember? And I had a big, I made a speech and I said, "Why are you letting," uh, you know, it's not my business," but I said, "Why are you letting them steal your auto jobs?

They're all going down to Mexico." And by the way, plenty go to Canada, too, right? People don't know that. And it was a terrible thing that took place, but we've stopped that and now the USMCA makes it very, very financially difficult for them to do that. It was very important to me. And everybody said, "We'll never be able to do it.

We'll never be able to end NAFTA." And you know what? Because it was so good for Canada and so good for Mexico, and they have a lot of power, but we ended it and, uh, they're not that happy but they're happy enough and we have a great deal, and we have, uh, people. I'll tell you, Mexico, we've had a great relationship with Mexico.

Canada's a little difficult to deal with, to be honest with you. You know, O Canada. We all love O Canada, right? I love that. They stand for their national anthem and we have to stand too because, you know, you know, you saw the ratings on the NBA down 71% for their championship. You know why? Because people don't want to hear it.

They don't want to hear it. They want to see a basketball game. Obviously, not too much, but I didn't watch it and a lot of people didn't watch it. And the NFL has to be very careful. They tried that game two years ago and I thought we taught them a lesson, and they have to be very careful. We have to respect our flag, we have to respect our anthem, and we have to respect our country.  Sleepy Joe supported China's entry into the WTO.

Michigan lost half of all auto manufacturing jobs after those Biden betrayals. He also supported the Transpacific Partnership, which would have been the death sentence for the U.S. auto industry. I canceled TPP, I ended the NAFTA disaster, and I took the toughest action ever taken against China. We never took in 10 cents on China.

I've taken in billions and billions of dollars over the last two years. Joe Biden is a corrupt politician. They don't want to write about it. They don't want to write about it. They're not allowed to write about it. Their bosses, whoever their bosses may be, they're not allowed to write about it. Who sold out Michigan to China, he sold you out.

That's one of the reasons, when they send over a car they charge us 35% tax, we charge them nothing. But those days are changed. We changed it. We changed it. And it's going to change a lot more if you give us another four years, that I can tell you. We were just beginning. We were just beginning, and not only with China, with everyone else who takes advantage of our country.  Thank you very much.

No, but with everybody else it takes a -- It's not only China, it's everybody. We renegotiated the South Korea deal. You know that. That was a deal, crooked Hillary made that deal. It was going to give 250,000 jobs. She was talking, "This will produce 250,000 jobs." They signed it and she ended up being correct, but the 250,000 jobs all went to South Korea, not to us.

That was standard. That was standard. Biden is the living embodiment of the decrepit and depraved political class that got rich bleeding America dry. And you know what happened. Look, there haven't been too many states that have been effected like you've been effected. You got seriously effected.  That's what we're doing.

We're doing it. But when I ran, you never told me it was going to be that deep, that vicious, that rotten. It's a deep sucker. I thought we'd knock it out fast. We went through three and a half years of hell and here we are, and they're not too happy and they're, they're reeling. They're reeling. They're going to be knocked off very soon.

They're going to be all knocked off very soon. Now we've, we've done a good job but it was, it wasn't easy. You get impeached over a telephone call that was perfect, perfect call. Perfect call. Congratulations on your victory Ukraine president, Ukraine. Nice man. Never met him before congratulations. "Sir, could you call up and congratulate the president of Ukraine?" "Sure.

What happens?" "Oh, he just won." "Okay, good." So I give him a call. I avoided it for a long time because it was a lot, you know, busy. Call up and they say, "Let's impeach him." I'll tell you. And we had great support from the Republican Party. I have to say that. 197 to nothing in the House. 52.5 to 0.5. You know how the half was?

That's all right. We had 52.5 to 0.5. Mitt Romney.  He still doesn't know why. He say, "Let's see, why did I do that?" Uh, he, he wished he didn't do it. I'll tell you that. In 2016 Michigan voted to fire this corrupt political establishment. And you elected an outsider as president who finally put America first.

And if I don't sound like a typical Washington politician it's because I'm not a politician. Probably wouldn't be here if I was. And if I don't always play by the rules of Washington, or the Washington establishment, it's because I was elected to fight for you, and I fight harder and harder and harder. And better than anyone's ever fought for you.

We, we were brought here, we were put here to fight for you. I had a very easy life before this, I have to tell you.  Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much. I had a very easy life, I had a different kind of a life. And you know what? I wouldn't have changed that decision when I said, "First Lady, let's do it.

You're gonna be First Lady." She was actually one of the people. She said, "Are you sure you want to do this?" First Lady. People love the First Lady, they do. They love her. She's great. She's elegant. And she puts up with a lot from these people, you know? It's like, unbelievable.  But she said uh, "But are you sure you want to do this?" And I say, "I think I do.

Yeah. I think I do." She said, "You know you will win if you do it. You must be sure." And I said, "You think so?" I said, "You think so really?" And she said, "No, you will win definitely. But the question is, do you want to do it?" I said, "Yeah, we do. We have to set this nation back on the right course." I'm sorry.

No. She said that. And I'll never forget that. I always thought it was cool. You know? You know you're, it's like, second nature. You know you're wed, you know, for good, running against a lot of very talented people. And then we had to run against a very talented, crooked machine. Joe Biden is bought and paid for by big tech, big media, and powerful special interests.  You saw that over the last couple of weeks.  All the corruption, and they refuse to even talk about it.

Could you imagine if I got 3.5 million from the mayor of Moscow's wife? Or one of my kids took 3.5 million from -- Can you imagine that? And they refuse to even discuss it. They don't want to discuss it. There is no proof. They now say the laptop from hell was produced by Russia. This was Schiff. Watermelon Head, right? "The laptop, uh, was produced by Russia." And we say, "Oh, oh, not again." No, John Ratcliffe came out immediately.

He's great. He's doing a great job. He said, "It was not produced by Russia." So, but that's what they try and do. They do disinformation. They're the biggest disinformation group, I'll tell you. They own him, they control Biden, and they know he will always do whatever they want. They know that. That's why they want him.

I definitely don't do what they want. I definitely don't. Except I do one thing, I get them good ratings. Can you imagine if they don't have me? Let's say they had Biden. Their ratings will collapse, every one of them will be out of business. They'll be out of business so fast. Every corrupt , it won't be, it will be -- They will be out of business so fast.

In fact, I think they're gonna get together, The New York Times will die. The failing New York Times. Washington Post. Which is basically a lobbyist for Bezos. You know that. But they'll all get together and they'll say, "Listen, we made a big mistake here. We got to draft Trump. We got to get him to run again.

This is no good." "We're dying, nobody cares." Can you imagine that? Having Biden. We're gonna put something up. Can you imagine having Biden as your president?  The biggest loser will be the fake news media, they will, that will be so boring. You know their ratings are through the roof. Everything's through the roof.

The NFL is doing very badly. You know why? Everyone's watching politics, because they find politics to be much rougher than the NFL. Much dirtier, and more disgusting, and -- And they don't change. You know the NFL, they change the rules. They make everything like coming back, you can't touch anybody. Somebody tackles too hard.

They say, "15 yard penalty and you're out of the game, and you're out for the season." You know the old days, right? It was a little different, but it's still tough. But this is much tougher. And people see it. But you have to see the ratings. It's -- That's why the ratings are bad for a lot of the sports.

Nobody ever thought of this, but I thought of it. Couple of people wrote it. The ratings are bad because so many people are watching this. It's tougher. True. But they're going to be calling for us, "Please, please run again. We think, uh, we are going to endorse you." I got endorsed by the Pittsburgh -- Right?

Pittsburgh Post Gazette. I got endorsed, first time since 1972. Right? It's a big deal. Big  are very good. Very liberal newspaper, but that's okay. But first time since 1972 that they endorsed a Republican, so it's an honor. And if you don't read the first two or three paragraphs it was one of the best endorsements.

Yes, we don't like him. Yes, he has a horrible personality. But listen to this. It's not that they do, but I have been under siege, illegally, for three and a half years. I've been fighting for three and a half years. And I said to somebody today, I wonder what it would be like if the fake Russia hoax, and all this crap with the impeachment over nothing, over a phone call that was perfect.

That was perfect. I wonder what it would be like if we didn't have all of this horrible stuff. And, and if it didn't -- You know, we'd have a very calm, a calm situation. And maybe I'd be less popular. I don't know. Maybe I'd be less popular. Because you know what? The fact is, people see that we fight.

We're fighting for you. But it's just a really -- It's a really dirty, horrible business. But I said today, because they were very -- They would say, "Jeez, they don't like the personality, and he's always fighting." I'm fighting to survive. You have to survive. Very few people would have survived. They would have been in the corner.

They would have said, "Mommy, Mommy," put their finger in their mouth, put their thumb in the mouth and say, "Mommy, mommy, take me home. I'm out of here. Get me the hell out of here, Mommy." They'd say, "Forget about the American people, Mommy, I want out of here right now." No, we can't do that. But we have to fight hard.

And then you fight hard, and you hit them back and then they say, "There's chaos in the White House." They caused the chaos. We have a great group of people. We have a lot of them here tonight. Great people in the White House. But it's true. I wonder why -- I wonder w -- if it would have been different.

You know, if they didn't -- Because these were all -- We caught them spying on our campaign. We caught them trying to take out a duly elected president of the United States. That's treason. That's treason. We caught them. And someday maybe something's going to be done about it, too, you know? Maybe. Oh boy, oh boy, oh boy.

They can't -- We don't want to do anything prior to the election. But what about me? They did it -- They did it to me before the -- They spied on my campaign before the election. "We shouldn't do anything prior to the election." And you know who we caught? Barack Hussein Obama, and sleepy Joe Biden. They were a part of it.  We ought to get these reports out.

They should get them out before the election, as far as I'm concerned. They should get them out right before the election. They should have gotten them out a long time ago. We have, we have information -- You wouldn't even believe it. I don't even get involved. I always said I'm going to stay uninvolved.

It's very hard for me to do, I'll tell you. No, it is, because you know, I didn't, I didn't have to do that. I thought it would be the right thing. And yet they did the Mueller report, right? The phony Mueller report. 18 angry Democrats, smart. 18 angry, vicious -- Many of them worked for Hillary Clinton. 18 angry Democrats.

They spent $48 million, and at the end of two and a half years, no collusion, okay? A friend of mine said, "You have to be the most innocent man in the world. And they checked everything. They checked taxes, they checked -- For $48 million you check taxes, right? And by the way we announced, you know, I prepaid millions and millions of dollars in taxes.

They didn't say that. They refused to say. They say, "Well, prepaying isn't paying." I said, "No, it's prepay, that's even worse." Millions of dollars. Many millions of dollars. And that'll all come out. Every correct -- And you know when you look at it, when you look at what's ha -- gone on, seriously, think of that.

Just think about that tonight when you're with your family. I wonder if it would have been difficult, you know, different. I wonder if it would have been a different kind of a feel. And you know what? Honestly, maybe it wouldn't have been as good. Maybe we wouldn't have these massive crowds because you see what somebody is where we're under siege, and you people get it.

You're smarter than them. You're smarter than these people. You get it. And you've always, and you've always gotten it and it's a beautiful thing, and I'll never forget it. I want to tell you, I'm never going to forget it. But we were under siege and we caught them, and it's treason or whatever you want to call it, but with Sleepy Joe Biden, they don't want to write anything.

We caught the whole thing. The son, where's Hunter? Where's Hunter? The son was like a human vacuum cleaner. He'd go in and follow his father. "Let's go to China today, son." They fly in on Air Force Two, right? I guarantee you one thing, Mike Pence, I know his kids. They don't do that. They don't do that.

They're unbelievable kids. Military. But, you know, um, "Let's go to China today, Dad." I'd like to follow you. It's like, err. Walks out with one and a half billion dollars. Fees on -- Oh, he must be a great investor. You know the greatest investors don't make that deal with China. China doesn't do that.

They don't give money out for other people that are less smart than them to invest. Let's give our money to somebody that's not very smart to invest, okay? That's a great idea. He walked out. It only took him 10 minutes to get it, too. $1.5 billion, that's millions of dollars in fees. The big one was the 10 million.

You saw that one? The letter. He wants 10 million a year for introductory purposes. Okay, 10 million. But it all blew up. By that time, the laptop from hell was found. The one that Schiff said was developed in Russia. It's unbelievable. And then you have Ukraine. He goes into Ukraine. His father was in charge of Ukraine, right?

He was in charge of Russia, Ukraine, China, specifically. He goes into Ukraine. $183,000 a month. "Do you have energy experience?" It's an energy, right? Burisma. "Do you have energy experience?" "No, I don't. I don't know anything about energy." "Well, we'll pay you $183,000 a month and we'll give you an upfront fee of approximately 3 million.

Would that be satisfactory?" No, think of it. No, think of it. And that's -- and there are other things, too. Other con-- Then he's got the brother and he's got all -- This is a corrupt enterprise. And then they had -- the big man gets 10%. The big man. Who's the big -- He's not a big man to me. To me, he's a very meek, fragile -- He's a fragile person and he's very agitated.

I watched him today. He gets more -- He gets more time on Fox. I've never seen anybody on Fox so much. Him, they have everybody on Fox. They have all enemies on Fox. I can't -- I think it's crazy. But he gets a lot of time on Fox. But he, he's so agitated and now he comes out with the aviator glasses, but they're a little too small.

They should be -- He wants to look like Tom Cruise from a long time ago. No, but he's fragile. He's not gonna be there. That's not what they're counting on. They're counting on somebody else. They're counting on by far the most liberal person in the senate, Kamala. They like her. They like Kamala. Every corrupt force in American life that betrayed you and hurt you is supporting Joe Biden.

The failed establishment that started the disastrous foreign Wars, they support Biden. The career politicians that offshored your industries and decimated your auto plants, and you suffered for many, many years. I'm telling you, that's why I'm here, I think primarily. That was the first thing, trade. I said, "How could they do that?" They supported Biden.

The open borders lobbyists that killed our fellow citizens with illegal drugs and gangs and crime that poured into our country, they support Biden. They still do. The anti-American radicals, defaming our noble history, heritage, and heroes. They support Biden. They support him. They support Sleepy Joe. And you know, I signed a law that you take down any of our statues, any of our monuments, you go to jail for 10 years.

It's amazing the way it seemed to have stopped, isn't it? It's really amazing. Somebody said, "Oh, it's just stopped." No, it didn't just stop. I took an old law and reactivated it because the new law and you go into this with this bunch, with Nancy Pelosi and Crying Chuck Schumer, you know what they'll do?

They'll give you a medal of your rip down the statues. Antifa and the rioters, looters, the Marxist, and left-wing extremists, they all support Joe Biden. This election comes down to a simple choice. Do you want to be ruled by the corrupt and selfish political class, or do you want to be governed by the American people, yourselves?

You know, the govern, the way we supposed to be. A vote for Biden a vote to give control of government over to the globalists and the communists, socialists and wealthy liberal hypocrites who want to silence, cancel and punish you. Cancel culture, they call it. Cancel culture. No, thank you. We want to be proud of our history.

Good, bad, whatever, we want our history. We want to know, and we want to learn from our history. We don't want our history canceled, we want to learn. There's things we have to learn from my history, too. If you want your children to be safe, if you want your values to be respected, if you want to be treated with honor, dignity and respect, then I am asking you to go tomorrow and vote for a person named President Trump.

Gotta win Michigan. This is a, this is a big, important place. We, if we win Michigan, it's over. It's over. We win the whole thing. Four more years, and then we can finish the job we started so well. We can finish the job. You know, I got nominated, can you be -- nah, I say it because they don't write it.

I just heard today, I thought it was three, I got four, four Nobel Peace Prizes. Can you believe it? One for the Middle East. Ru -- one for Kosovo-Serbia. I mean whe -- they want to make a trade deal. They're each fighting each other for many decades. They're fighting, killing each other. You've read it.

I mean, for years it, it just automatic, killing each other for many, many decades. And we're doing these trade deals with them, not big deals, but they want them very badly, we're doing them. And they're each doing them. And I said to the people, I said, "Listen, we're doing deals. They want to make the deal with us.

Everybody wants to make a deal with us." I said, "They're killing each other, I think, right? They're killing each other. I read about it. They're killing each other for decades. Tell them we're not making a deal, unless they get together and make a peace." And we told that to them. "We're not interested in doing deals, unless you guys could get along and not kill each other." You know, it's human lives.

We don't know where it is. You don't know where it is. Some people have never heard of the places. But they're places and they're people, they're human beings. And I said, "Tell them we're gonna do it, but you have to make peace." And we got them together, we made peace. And they actually nominated me for Nobel Peace Prize.

I got four nominations in four unrelated things, that's crazy, right? And I told the story, you probably heard about it. The first one I went up, Middle East. You know, the Middle East is coming along. Got no blood in the sand. No, nothing. The Middle East is great. Signed already, three countries. We have seven, eight, nine countries, they could all sign.

I said, "How did Obama do it?" And they told me, I said, "Good. We'll do it the opposite." But not only Obama. For many, many years, they haven't been able to do it. And we're gonna, we, we're really -- well, I'd like to finish that up too. Need a little more time, you know? We did need a little bit more time, but we're gonna, we have countries.

We have countries lined up, no money and no blood in the sand. No blood in the sand. Remember what I said four years ago, "I am your voice and I will make America great again." And, that's what we're doing. That's what we're doing. Together, we will defeat the corrupt establishment. We will dethrone the failed political class.

We will drain the Washington swamp, and we will save the American dream for your children, for your grandchildren. This election is also a choice between a deadly Biden lockdown or a safe vaccine. The vaccine is coming along great, couple of weeks, couple of weeks. It's gonna be out soon. That ends the pandemic.

And it will end, anyway. They hate it when I say we're rounding the corner, it's gonna end anyway. But the vaccine will make it go a lot quicker. And what we've done with therapeutics is incredible. B -- excuse me, here I am. But I like to say -- No. No. I like to say it had no impact on me. I didn't really need it, they just happened to give it to me.

Because I made perfect physical specimen, that's very young. I'm very young and in perfect physical shape. No, but, uh, it's amazing. What we've been able to do is incredible. Really incredible. We will mass distribute the vaccine in just a few weeks, and it will quickly eradicate this virus. We're gonna start off very much with a -- you know, we've learned about it with our senior citizens, especially if they have a condition, a heart condition, they have some problem, any kind of a problem.

Boy, it's, it's vicious. That's the ones it really goes after. But we're gonna protect our great senior citizens first, and then it'll go very quickly throughout, for anybody that wants it. Won't be enforce -- it's not gonna be enforced. For people that want it, and we'll get it done and it'll, it'll all take place.

And r -- very quickly, and by the way, nobody else would have been able to do what we did, you know, nobody else would have been able to do what we did. You know, Joe Biden, he handled the Swine flu as one of the great catastrophes. He was a, mess, his own, his own Chief of Staff said, "We had no idea what the hell we were doing." I don't know why this guy admitted that, I still -- I can't figure out why he admitted that, uh, probably before Joe thought he could have a run.

You know, Joe thought his career was over because he wasn't thinking straight. That he ran, that he ran and Elizabeth Warren said, "I want to stay until the end and take out Bernie, you know, she took out Bernie. And we're running against Joe instead of Bernie and Bernie's gonna run again though in another four years.

He's gonna run again. He, one thing about that guy he never gives up, does he? But, he's, he's a hell of a loser. I mean, he loses the first time and he goes back and he's like, "No hard feelings." He loses the second time horribly, the way they took -- the Democrats took advantage of Bernie Sander's and everybody that he represents.

And th -- but they, they're looking to take over Joe. They signed, they, you know, they agreed to the manifesto, I call it. You have to see what's in that one. Joe Biden is promising to delay the vaccine and turn America into a prison state, that's what he wants. Locking you in your home --  -- while letting the far left rioters, they could -- So the rioters, and the looters, the anarchists, Antifa, they could go knock the hell out of you, roam your streets, set your stores on fire.

No problem! That's called protesting. We must protect our protestors, but you're not allowed to go to church, you're not allowed to have dinner, right? The only one allowed to have dinner in this state is the husband of your governor.  He's the only one that's got special privileges. That was not a good day when he got caught boating, or whatever the hell he was doing. "Who are you?" "I'm the husband of the governor." The police didn't go for that one too well, did they?

Ha. No, that wasn't a great day. No, you gotta open up your state, Governor. Open it up, Governor. Let the kids go back to school. Let the kids go back to school. It's like Barron, Barron Trump, right? They said, you know, First Lady had it, I had it, they said, "Sir, you tested positive. First Lady." Then come to see us a little where, th -- they said, "Sir, uh, Barron, he just" -- White House doctor, great doctor, Sean. "Sir, Barron just tested, uh, positive." I said, "Tested positive for what?" For corona.

You know it sounds like -- see I like th -- the China Virus. Or I like the plague from China, but a lot of people use it like, it sounds like an island in Italy. I said, it's not corona. But, "Just tested positive for corona". I said, "Well, I don't like that. That's not good." Barron, he's, you know, he's, uh, strong, he's very tall.

He's only 14 years old and he's very tall, I get to, "Hi, Barron." And he's a good boy, but he just tested positive and I said, "Well." And then about 12 minutes later I see the doctor, uh, "Doctor, how's Barron doing?" "Oh, it's okay, he's fine now." It took him about 12 seconds to get rid of it. Because they're younger they have a strong immune system.

No, he was f -- I mean he got better, like in so fast. And, uh, you know what I say? Let the kids go to school. And you're not gonna hear that from the other side. They wanna lock it up. The Biden lockdown will mean no school, no graduations, no weddings, no Thanksgivings, no Easter, no Christmas, no Fourth of July, no future for the youth.  Other than that, it's gonna be a great life.

No, you gotta let the kids go to school. Get going, open up your state. It's time. And, you know, we gotta take care of our seniors, we have to take care of people, we understand it. We have to do things, but let the kids go back. This is a lockdown, this is as shutdown. Of course, probably, on a date like, November 4th, they'll announce, "Well, we're gonna decide to open up", right?

Did you see the one head of the union said, "Yeah, we want the teachers to go back to work on November 4th." That was not a good move. She announced. We want the teachers to go back on November 4th. Ch -- yeah, I wonder why that day? Despite that we had the best numbers. Look we have states that are locked down, closed down.

New York is having a hard time, I'll tell ya. They are, they are, they don't know what the hell they're doing. Great place. I left it three and a half years ago, I loved it. And, it's very sad what's happening to New York, a very, very sad thing. And Chicago, look at Chicago. It's very sad. All run by Democrats, by the way, I wanna just emphasize.

How 'bout Portland with the anarchists, right? With Antifa ana -- their Antifa anarchists. But, how about Portland? We could solve that problem in 25 minutes, like we did, you know, we went into Seattle, we were ready to go in, we were all set to go in. And we told them, we're going in tomorrow morning.

And the night before they said, "Okay. Well we're leaving now." That could've been done a long time ago if they asked us. We have to be asked. But -- And we did a great job in Minnesota. We're gonna win Minnesota for two reasons, we're going to win Minnesota. First time since 1972, we're gonna win Minnesota.

You know why? Number one is, Ilhan Omar.  The fact that she's there. No, but she loves our country very much, right?  She has a great deep and abiding love for our country. And the other one, boy the hate, the hatred is just crazy. How do we put up with this stuff, right? I mean, the hatred.

But, but she's the number one reason, and maybe number two is the fact that the National Guard did one hell of a job in Minneapolis. Now, they should've called us, they should've called a week and a half earlier, it would've been nice, you wouldn't have had the fires raging, right? The anchors that said, "This is a friendly protest." And behind the anchor the whole -- It looked like the world was burning down. "This is a friendly protest." See?

Because they don't report the truth. A vote for Biden is a vote for lockdowns, layoffs, and misery.  You gotta just get out of this. We have to --  We can't play games. Our country has such incredible potential. We can't let this happen. This country will never be a socialist nation, okay?

And that's what they want to do. If you want a vaccine to kill the virus, a job to support your family, and freedom to live the great, great life that you've always want to have, then go cast your ballot tomorrow for your all time favorite president, I hope. Donald Trump.  And remember that Secretary of Defense, Robert Gates, a respected guy, he worked with Biden.

He said, "Biden has been wrong on nearly every single major foreign policy and national security issue over the past four decades." Other than that he spoke very well of him. But you don't have to believe me, you don't have to even listen to me, because it happens to be Michigan. We spent a hell of a lot of money on that right there. So roll the tape.

Can't let that happen. You can't let that happen. This country is so great, we have such potential, we're just starting to show our potential. If we didn't get hit with the plague, you'd see numbers, but we're gonna do it anyway, next year we're gonna do it anyway.

It's gonna be incredible. We can't let that happen, everybody knows it. And you know, if you were a nice guy -- he's never been a nice guy, he's never been a smart guy, never been smart, everyone knows it, never been smart. But if he was a nice guy, we wouldn't even do that, but that's just like a -- a very small version.

That's not even the bad stuff. And one thing I can tell you, President Chief China, Putin, Kim Jong-un, you guys are at the top of the cave. They can't have this. We don't wanna give them this. We'll lose our country. We'll lose our country and we can't do it, we can't do it. Biden would be a disaster for cherry growers, farmers, workers, all across your state you do so many different things.

Joining us tonight, a representative, Jack Bergman. Two great guys, Jack, thank you very much. And John Moolenaar. Thank you John, thank you fellas. Great warriors. They've been uh -- just incredible people, I'll tell you what. They've been with me through everything, right? And we appreciate it. Are you in good shape with your races?

You don't need any additional help? They're probably about 30 points up. You know when somebody's good, they're good. You guys are great. Thank you very much, both. And your next senator, a tremendous guy, I -- I spotted him a long time -- I spotted him, he was somebody I looked -- there were five people running a little while ago, year ago, for a seat frankly, you have somebody that -- that's okay.

But I saw this man, and I said "roll it back, I wanna see that again. John James, right?" And I said "wow, what potential." And then I found out West Point, great student, great helicopter pilot. I'd trust him 100% to pilot my helicopter, I would do that one hundred percent. No, he's supposed to be a great -- a great warrior, actually.

But I got him to run and he got his feet a little wet and then he uh -- he just took off, and I understand you're doing very well in that poll, John, I hear. Do you wanna come up here? Huh? Come on up. Come here, John. Come here. Come on over here, John. Come on over. He's a great guy and I hope he's going to be voted in. You're doing very well. Come on, John. .

Fantastic, John. He's a good, good guy, great man. That's a big, that's a big very important vote you're casting in addition to our vote. John James, he's a star. He's going to be a star and you have somebody that's very special, And, uh, you know, his competition, nobody knows who the hell he is. Peters.

You know, you have a great state, Michigan. They say, "Oh, who's the Senator?" Peters. Peters. Who the hell is Peters everyone says. Nobody knows who he is. He's a, he's a puppet for crying Chuck Schumer I guess. That's about it. Anyway, so good luck. John James everyone. You have to do it. Okay. Another great gentleman, House Speaker Lee Chatfield. . Good, good.

Nice to see you, Lee. Here, you doing good? And a, a woman who is, uh, like special to this part of the world because she headed up our campaign. And, you know, so she kept calling, calling, "Please, one more visit," because a Republican hasn't won Michigan for many, many years, decades, a long time. So she'd called. "Please come over." So I'd do it.

And, "Come over. Could I do it again?" And I came so much I felt like I should become a citizen of your state. That could happen. That could happen. But, you know, uh, she would just say, "One more time." So now it's toward the end, toward the end and I called and I said, "How we doing?" She said, "You're gonna maybe win, but you have to do just one more visit.

That's all." So I did one more. I said, I wished her well and I said, "Hey, the elections in three days and I wanna just thank you for working so hard." "Thank you very much. I won't call you again." I got home and I got a phone call from her. She said, "You need one more time," right? "One more time." And I came and we ended up, right?

Was that some time? And we ended up, I started speaking at 1:00 in the morning. Now it was election day, and we had 32,000 people. Is that right? We had 32,000 people and I looked and I said, it was 1:00 in the morning, and you know, Barack Hussein Obama, and Hillary came, and Bill Clinton came, and they all came, the whole group.

And it was an emergency because they heard they were gonna lose. And when they heard that, Ronna called up and she said, "You know, if you can, well it'd be good 'cause they're all coming." It's like an emergency. Now their visit was at 7:00 which is primetime. They had 500 people. I started speaking at 1:00 in the morning.

We had 32,000. So it's now election day. And she just got me and she, she loves your state, I will tell you that. And she was so good, I said, "You know what? We have to pick somebody now to run the RNC." That's the Republican National Committee. It's a big deal. I said, "How about that woman from Michigan?" I mean, she just doesn't stop.

And I'll tell you, she has done a fantastic job. Ronna, come on up here. Come on up. Come on up . Come on. You wanna talk here? Here. Come here. Come here. Talk to them.

No, she did a great job, . We all love her. We love her. She's fantastic. She's got a spirit like you wouldn't believe. Thank you, Ronna, very much, and for the work. And I think we're gonna have a fantastic day. It's gonna be an incredible day and it's going to be, uh -- You know, I never thought I'd say it, but this election is more important than 2016. I never thought I'd say it.

This is going to be, because we can't allow this to happen to our country, this will be the most important election in the history of our country. It's going to set a course, it's gonna go one way, or it's gonna go another, and if it goes the other way, it's gonna be a terrible thing. It's gonna be a terrible thing.

So, get out there and vote. It's going to be -- We're gonna, we're gonna win this. We're gonna win it. We're winning all over. They have no idea what's going on. They have no idea. We see the real numbers. And, you know, it's no longer based on polling. We see what, you know, the early voting's come in.

They're supposed to be way ahead, right, in the early voting, you know. Then we catch them on election day. I don't know, for whatever reason, that's the way it is. We vote on election day. Uh, they're not way ahead, and they're having a lot of problems. And they have emergency calls out to people, it's going to be very interesting.

Let's do the great red wave, okay? . And get that guy in, too, Johns. Get him in, we need him. We need him in Washington. For decades, our politicians spent trillions of dollars rebuilding foreign nations, fighting foreign wars, and defending foreign borders. But now we're finally protecting our nation, rebuilding our cities, and we are bringing our jobs, our factories, and our troops back home to the good old USA.

It's about time. The troops are coming back. They're policemen. We're serving as policemen all over the world, we're policeman. No, it's not what it's all about. For 47 years, Joe Biden viciously attacked black Americans. He called young black men super-predators. To every black American, I am asking you to go out and vote for Donald J. Trump.

This is your one and only chance to show sleepy Joe Biden what you think of his decision to attack you, to jail you, and to betray you. And nobody's done it worse than him. I'm fighting for you. I got you criminal justice reform, prison reform. Opportunity zones with Tim Scott. Great guy, Tim Scott. And funding for historically black colleges and universities which were treated extremely badly.

Under my leadership, we achieved so much. So much. You know, I said that, and I made the statement during the debate. Nobody saw the debate last week, did you? Nobody? Two weeks ago. It was good. Good debate. But I said, "Nobody, with perhaps the exception of Abraham Lincoln -- " A lot of people said, "Could you do the perhaps the exception of, please?" " -- has done more for the black community than Donald Trump." And that's true.

President Trump. All those things and more, and that's good. And you know what? It's showing up, too. Uh, when you look at Florida, take a look at those numbers tomorrow. They are -- And Hispanic. Do you see what's going on with Hispanic, Hispanic numbers in Florida? They're saying, "What's going on with Hispanic?" Hispanic Americans love Trump, and I love them, and I have for a long time.

The black community is, uh, is going to a level that nob -- we haven't seen in a long time. It's been a, it's a beautiful thing to watch. And they are saying, "What is going on?" This could be something very interesting that you're going to be watching. You're going to be watching some very good television tomorrow night.

Very good television. Well, you have to say, four years ago, was that like the most exciting evening in the history of television? Remember? Remember how it started? This will be a very short evening for Donald Trump. This will be very easy, very short. And then they say, "Donald Trump has won the State of Ohio." But it wasn't just that, we won by eight points.

Oh, by the way, Ohio is doing great, too. Doing great. Then it's, "Donald Trump has won the State of Florida. Donald Trump has won Georgia. He's won South Carolina. He's won their firewall, North Carolina, and he won it by a lot. What's going on? Donald Trump has just won Wisconsin. He's just won Michigan!"

And they held Pennsylvania, even though it was, you know, we only had -- It was 98% of the vote was in. If I lost every vote in the two percent, I still would've won, by a lot. They, they held it. So you and Wisconsin got credit. And that's okay, right? But I just told Pennsylvania, "Next time you take credit.

So let's do it a little bit earlier, please." We're gonna, we're gonna do fantastically in Pennsylvania. But that was one of the most exciting evenings ever, and I, I think we're gonna duplicate it. I don't know. Can you ever surpass something like that? But, we're going to at least duplicate it. And we need it carry on what we've been doing.

We've brought so many jobs back and all of those plants that we talked about. We have plants. You had nothing for 42 years, just people leaving, nobody coming. And now, they're coming back and they're coming back in droves and the numbers are fantastic. Under my leadership, we achieved the most secure Southern border in US history.

The Biden Harris group would increase refugees from terrorist nations by over 700 percent -- And that's the manifesto that was agreed to with Crazy Bernie -- Including from Syria, Somalia and Yemen. Right? You know that. The Biden plan would overwhelm your communities and turn Michigan, Minnesota, Wisconsin and the entire Midwest into a refugee camp.

You're talking about tremendous amounts of people coming into our country. We don't know who they are. We don't know anything about them. I'm protecting your families and keeping radical Islamic terrorists the hell out of your country, if that's okay with Michigan. If that's okay with Michigan. If it's okay with you.

You know, we put the ban on because we want people to come into our country who are gonna love us, who are gonna help us, not people that are gonna hurt us and blow up buildings. We invested 2.5 trillion dollars in the US military, the largest investment in the military we've ever made. We have to do it.

All made in the USA. A lot of it made right here in your great state, a lot of it. And we now have the greatest equipment anywhere in the world, fighter jets, F35's. We have the best tanks. We have the best rockets and missiles. We have the hydrosonic missile that goes seven times faster right now, than the fastest missile in the world.

If it went by us, we'd say, what was that? It would start over there and before you could turn your head, it would be over there. No, it goes seven times. Think of that. Seven times faster. It's incredible. And we have all of these things, and our nuclear arsenal now is in tippy top shape. And you know what I say?

Pray to God we never have to use it. All of it. All of it. All of it. We're making submarines, the likes of which nobody's ever seen before. We're doing it all. And when I took over, it was depleted. Our military was depleted. We had old fighter jets. You had to go to the desert, it was called the graveyard, for airplanes.

Right? And you'd strip planes that were sitting in the desert, rotting in the desert, and you'd bring the parts back. This was what we were flying in our airplanes. Now, we have new tankers. We have the new super fighters. It's incredible what we've done, and much of it's already here, most of it. Much of it's coming.

But, it's all made in our great country. We're also, we were passed, we just passed the VA Choice and VA Accountability. And, nobody thought that could be done, and we just got, as I told you, 91 percent approval from our vets, our great vets. We obliterated 100 percent of the ISIS caliphate. People don't talk about that.

When I took over, it was a mess. It was all over the place. We obliterated. We killed the leader of ISIS, Al-Baghdadi, and we eliminated the world's top terrorist, Soleimani is dead. I recognized the capital of Israel and opened the American embassy in Jerusalem. I also recognized Israeli sovereignty over the Golan Heights.

They were working on that for 52 years. And instead of endless wars, we're forging peace all over the Middle East. They're all getting together. They're all getting together. A vote for me and the Republican party and John James and everybody, it's a vote for the American Dream. And in conclusion, over the next four years, we will make American into the manufacturing superpower of the world, and we will end our reliance on China, once and for all.

That's already started. We will hire more police, increase penalties for assaults on law enforcement, and we will ban deadly sanctuary cities. With God's help, we will defend the right to life, religious liberty, and keep -- That's right. You better get out there and vote. And we will defend keep and bear arms.

You know what keep and bear arms? It's called the Second Amendment, which is under siege constantly. That's where we need John and everybody to help us, and out great Congressmen. They've been so great and we appreciate it. We will maintain America's unrivaled military might, and we will ensure peace through strength.

We will end surprise medical billing, require price transparency, lower drug prices beyond any levels you've ever seen: 60, 70, 80%. I've instituted "Favored Nations," and drug companies do not like me. They do not like me. They're taking out more commercials, I think, than Sleepy Joe. But we're going to get it done.

Our prices are the highest in the world for many years, by far. And we're bringing them down to the lowest price anywhere in the world, matching the lowest price. And we will always protect patients with preexisting conditions. America will land the first woman on the moon, and the United States will be the first nation to land an astronaut on Mars.

We will stop the radical indoctrination of our students and restore patriotic education to our schools. And we will teach our children to love our country, honor our history and always respect our great American flag. We will live by the timeless words of our national motto, "In God We Trust." For years, you had a President who apologized for America.

Now you have a President who is standing up for America, and standing up for the great people of Michigan. Tomorrow, you have the power, with your vote, to save America. You are going to save America. It's the most important election. I say it all the time. I pa -- This is the most important election our nation has ever had.

I really believe that. I never thought I would have said that in a million years, if you go back four years. So get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors, get your coworkers, get your boss, and drag him out, and say, "Boss, come on, vote." You gotta get out and vote. Get out and vote. It's so important.

The red wave, I talk about it. The red wave, I think it's going to be far bigger -- Look at all of these organic things that formed in Iowa and the farm country. Tractors, thousands and thousands of tractors. Yesterday, didn't they have 100 miles of cars? It was like 100 miles. All over the country, 4 or 5, 6,000 boats with, Trump, Trump, and the American flags all over.

It never happened. You know, th-- A movement like this has never happened before. It's never happened, and we have to keep it going and finish it out. From Midland to Mackinaw, from Lansing to Grand Rapids. And you know where my last stop is going to be? I'm sorry to tell you that. I feel a little guilty.

But Grand Rapids was where we did that final great stop. Grand Rapids. So I'm going to be, uh -- I'm going to be in Grand Rapids. It's going to be my last stop. There's something nice about that. Right? Because you can believe it. So I've done -- I have five of these today, and they're all big monsters.

I had five of these today. But I actually had six, because yesterday, in Miami, we left the stage at 1:30 in the morning. So somebody said, "If you want" -- They said, "So if you want, you could say you did six today." I think I'm going to say that. Nobody else could do six of these. Do you think it's easy up here?

It's not easy. It's freezing up here, too. I got the wind. You don't have that. I have the wind. I'm freezing my ass off up here. Only for Michigan. And from Battle Creek and right here, in Traverse City. It's a good place. Right? It's a good place. Huh? We inherit the legacy of American patriots who gave their blood, sweat and tears to defend our country and to defend our freedom.

We stand on the shoulders of American heroes, who crossed the oceans, settled the continent, tamed the wilderness, laid down the railroads. Right? Raised up the great skyscrapers, won two World Wars, defeated fascism and communism, and made America into the single-greatest nation in the history of the world.

And the best is yet to come. The best is yet to come. The best is yet to come, and I mean that. Proud citizens, like you, helped build this country and together we are taking back our country. We are returning power to you, the American people. With your help, your devotion and your drive, we are going to keep on working.

We are going to keep on fighting, and we are going to keep on winning, winning, winning. Winning, ooh. We are one movement, one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God and together with the incredible people of Michigan we have made America powerful again. We have made America wealthy again.

We have made America strong again. We have made America proud again. We have made America safe again and we will make America great again. Thank you, Michigan. Go out and vote. Thank you very much.