I love Georgia here, do I love being with you. This is Georgia. This is Macon, Georgia. We won Macon, Georgia, we're going to win it again, it's great to be back in honor of this incredible state, with the thousands of loyal, hardworking, unbelievable American patriots. Thank you very much. And 18 days from now, we're going to win the state of Georgia, we're going to win four more years.

Ain't that beautiful and incredible in so many ways that beautiful White House, right? And just remember, early voting is underway, get out and vote go out and vote. So we're running against, perhaps, the worst candidate in the history of presidential politics. Can you believe this? Did you watch last night?

I mean, give me a break, but actually, I wish he was a good candidate cause it actually puts more pressure on you running against a guy like this. Sleepy Joe Biden is the living embodiment of the corrupt political class that enriched himself while draining the economic life and soul from our country. You know what's happened, you know very well in Georgia what happened.

For the last 47 years, Joe Biden, shipped away your jobs, shut down your factories, threw open your borders, and ravage our cities, while sacrificing American blood and treasure in endless and ridiculous foreign wars, in places you've never even heard of before, how ridiculous. He's a servant of the wealthy donors, globalists, and special interests who got rich bleeding America dry.

And by the way, I could call these guys, every one of them would give me millions. I'm president, I called heads of Wall Street firms, I'd say, hey, do me a favor, could you give me five million., every single one. I can't do that, though, because you know what, if I do that, I get to do things for them and I don't want to do -- I want to do what's right.

I could call, I could raise money. I can raise more money, I'd be the world's greatest fundraiser, but I just don't want to do it because when they call you and you sort of say, hey, you know they treated me good. I got to treat them good. I know you don't think that's the way the system works, but that's the way the system, I guess, works, unfortunately.

But it doesn't work that way for me. In 2016, you voted to fire this corrupt and decrepit political establishment, and you elected an outsider as president to finally put America first. And we've learned over the last couple of months, Joe Biden is a corrupt politician, he's a corrupt politician, and the Biden family is a criminal enterprise.

Frankly, it makes Crooked Hillary Clinton look like an amateur. Now, whoever saw anything like this? He goes to China, the kid has followed like a vacuum cleaner, he follows him, follows him, followed and unfortunately, it sounds like he left his laptop behind him, they have thousands. This is a guy, didn't have a job and now he's taking in millions, and plenty of it goes to Joe Biden too.

Don't kid yourself. It goes to Joe, but did you see the one today? The guy gets 10%, 10%. I wonder who the guy is. This was not a good -- between Anthony Weiner's laptop and this laptop, these are two beauties. I think this one could be worse than the winner laptop. Yet this massive scandal is being covered up by the media and big tech, right, all those people, look at those.  So here we have -- think of it, here we have the biggest scandal going on anywhere in the world, the corruption of Joe Biden and the Biden family, and he's interviewed last night by a Stephanopoulos on ABC and they don't even ask him the question about it.

No, no, think of it. They don't even ask him a question like, you know, like, how come your son got $3.5 million from Moscow? right, from Moscow. Russia. Because they were the ones involved with Russia, turns out not me, it was the opposite. But why did your son get three and a half million from the wife of the mayor of Moscow?

Think of it, think of it. Little question like that. Remember Chris Wallace said, oh well, you should ask him that question. Why, no, why is that, Chris? Tell me., he's no Mike, he's no Mike. Chris is no Mike, but then the other one, how about this: a billion dollars, get rid of the prosecutor, otherwise, you don't get the billion dollars from the United States, but that's turning out to be peanuts compared to what we're finding now.

Now he wants $10 million from China to make an introduction. Would anybody here take $10 million to introduce somebody to your father? I'd do it. Dad, I'd do it for 10 million bucks, I'd love to introduce. I would do it, pop. And he'd want me to do a 10 million, Dad, please. I had a great father. I'm not just running against Biden in that corrupt family, I'm running against the left-wing corrupt media and we're running against big tech.   Here's a hell of a big crowd, by the -- Look at that, it goes all the way, but you know the media, they never show it.

You ever notice you go home, they show me and about three people behind me, people left and right. Four stars, hey end up three plus one.  Thank you very much. You know it's very -- I love that, but no politician, I believe, has ever heard that chant, really, we love somebody.

No, think of it, Reagan, I loved Reagan, he was a wonderful guy. You never heard the chant "We love Reagan!", you never heard that. This started a few weeks ago and it's amazing and I appreciate it very much, I do, I appreciate it. I have to say, and I love this state, I love Georgia. You know when you had the hurricane overdrive where it came in and wiped out a lot of your area, David Perdue is a fantastic guy, who may be here someplace.

But David Perdue called me, he said, you gotta do me a favor. You gotta help us with our farmers., and we gave them a hell of a lot of money. We helped. They got wiped out by a hurricane. You know you don't hit too many hurricanes right, but this was a big monster that hit Florida. hit a lot of different areas, hit Alabama.

We took care of Alabama, we took care of Georgia, we took care of Georgia, took care of our farmers. I'll never forget, I stood, I came here and I stood and I was with 32 farmers, all of whom got hit hard and one of them said, sir, I was a week away from having the best crop I've ever had and it got ripped apart, just ripped apart.

It wasn't his fault and we took care of him. We took care of all of them. OK. It made me feel good. It made me feel good. Great people and they never asked for anything. They just want a level playing field, that's all they ever wanted. And I raised, by the way, 28 million, thank you, China because they targeted our farmers, 12 billion, and then the next year, $16 billion.

Frankly, you did better without even working, if you want to know the truth, it came from China, and we did a hell of a job and those farmers are all happy today, but they were targeted by China, we've got $28 billion in tariffs and we gave it to your farmers and everybody's doing just fine today, right?

But the radical left is doing everything in their power to protect their chosen candidate, who has no clue where he is, he's gone. They have nothing but disdain for you and for your values and the values of Georgia. I know Georgia very well. They flood your communities with criminal aliens, with drugs, crime, while leaving behind, and you see what they do, they live in gated communities but they flood you out.

They complain about guns and they complain about everything and then they want to end your second amendment, but they want protection for themselves. They oppose school choice while sending their families to the best private schools. We need school choice, by the way, they demonize our great , and you know you see this -- Hello, look, how beautiful, so beautiful.

They demonize our great police and law enforcement while hiring private security for themselves. They attack the Second Amendment every single day while employing armed guards, and let me tell you, I am the only thing standing in the way of you and your Second Amendment. It's undersea, that's a big deal.

They support crippling lockdowns, while their jobs remain totally exempt. It's time we sent a message to these wealthy liberal hypocrites. I could have every one of them. By the way, I mean, just like I said before, I can go -- I know these guys, I can call them all, they do me a favor, Irving, send me 5 million.

OK, I'll do it. Donald, don't do it, if you want it, oh man, I gotta do it. Do you mind if I take one week to just do it? I will set the all-time record on fundraising. Man, would I be good at that, it's so easy. I wouldn't have to explain a thing. But they come from Washington, they come from New York, they come from Silicon Valley, and by the way, those Silicon Valley guys are sort of getting caught, aren't they huh?

Section 230, I'm sure most of you don't know what that means, Section 230. These guys, they're given powers, they're given rights by Washington, and then they claim free speech, right. They claim, but no, but they're giving an exemption. They given a total exemption and they can't abuse that power and there's a lot of things going on right now and a lot of Europe people are looking.

We have some of those people here, you're great congressmen, senators, and we'll be introducing them in a second but they're looking very hard at Section 230. On Election Day, you can send a message that the fake news media right there -- boy, there are a lot of them. Look at that, looks like the Academy Awards, that's a lot of people.  There are a lot of people.

Look at those cameras are running with those red lights, but every time I mentioned their name, those red lights go off. You know the red lights, that means you're live, and then you start talking about -- they say, get the lights off. Turn it off. Go to a break. Let's go to a break right now." That fake news, CNN, they don't know what -- They are so fake.

They really are. They're just disgusting. NBC is no better. Did you get to see last night? Yeah? Did a good job, but look, I mean, I could've had somebody else, they're all the same. I mean, they ask you a question, you give them an answer, right? But I want to tell you that she's, like, disappeared. Everybody thought it was so inappropriate.

Here they give this guy softballs. Did you see a week ago, Lester Holt, Lester Holt, another genius. Lester Holt. Here's -- Mr. Vice President, sir, what did you have for dinner, sir? Was it good? And in Savannah, It was like her face, the anger, the craziness, I mean, the craziness last night. And I said goodbye.

I said great job, Savannah. You did wonderfully good job. But we got very high marks for that last night, but they thought it was very unfair that -- that Sleepy Joe, who cannot answer a question, he really can't answer a question. Well, Chris Wallace protected him with me. I talked about the Moscow three and a half million families.

I talked about the billion dollars, Chris Wallace wouldn't let -- He said. No, that's an appropriate. Why? You mean the guys allowed to take three and half a million bucks that we're not allowed to talk to him about it? I'm telling you, that Biden family, and others, but that Biden family is corrupt. It's a corrupt family.

And with me and my kids -- Let me tell you, my kids -- I'll tell you something though, it was very -- Lock them up. You should lock them up. Lock up the Bidens. Lock up Hillary.  Lock them up. Can you imagine if my kids did what this guy Hunter is doing? Ivanka, oh my beautiful, my wonderfully Ivanka, she's an inno -- she's a good kid.

Can you imagine? And you know she's much smarter, much sharper. She could if she wanted to, how could she do well. And Don and Eric and Tiffany, they're just -- they're just good kids. But you know we don't do things, we don't -- it's like, boy, they'd make a fortune. Just think of it. And when you look at what they get away with -- and by the way, Biden's brother tried that one.

I won't go too deep in the family, I'm not looking to insult everybody, but honestly, in my opinion, it's a criminal enterprise. It's a criminal enterprise. He's like a vacuum cleaner, if the father goes through and the son comes in a vacuum cleaner, millions of dollars pouring in. Take a look at the way they live.

Forty-seven years he's a politician, it was very well, almost as well as Maxine Waters. You ever see her house? Maxine. Maxine Waters. What a beautiful house she lives in. I wonder how that happened. On Election Day, you can send a message that the fake news media can't get away with it any longer. We can't let them get away with it any longer.

And these big tech companies. You know, it's funny because I've heard about the big tech companies, I didn't care too much and I heard the power was unbelievable and it's like 99% for the other side, and I kept hearing about big tech, the power, the power, the power I ran, I kept hearing it. You know what they'll in one ear out the other, but I kept hearing -- and we won so I kept hearing after that.

We won -- and I said, well, wait a minute. If they're so powerful, how come we won? right. They were 100% against us, but now it's gotten worse and worse and now they've gone crazy. They've gone crazy. How about our magnificent Caylee, right? So Caylee -- I don't know what the word would be, I guess, suspended, but they suspended her account because she posted an article from the New York Post, which is one of the largest papers in the country which, by the way, I want to thank them.

They -- the one paper, they've really got guts, they're printing this stuff, they're gonna be making a fortune as much as they can make in that industry nowadays. But you know, when you look at the failing New York Times and The Washington Post, they don't want to write about it. They don't want to write it.

This is the biggest political scandal. No, I'm sorry it's the second biggest political scandal. The biggest political scandal, we caught them, that's when they spied on our campaign and tried to take down your president. But this is the second biggest political scandal. These are a bunch of bad people. And you think it's fun doing what I do, right?

No, I had a great life. I want to tell you, I was doing well, I was having a lot of fun, but you know what, I would never give up what we've achieved. Think of what we've achieved, I mean, honestly, there are a lot of successful people. There are a lot of people, they're success -- We've got a lot of them right here.

A lot of successful people, but nobody in first three and a half years, nobody, first three and a half years, nobody has achieved, in the history of our country, what we've achieved with our military, with our tax cuts, with our regulations. With all the things that we've done, nobody has done as much as we've done.

Things like Right to Try, things like Space Force.  Thank you very much. You know I always get them. I said turn the cameras turn on the cameras, so we just left Florida. We had a crowd that was like, like this it was massive, it went on forever. I said, turn the cameras, show the crowd.

They don't realize it's actually good for them, because it's exciting, it's like being in a Florida State, Florida, Ohio State, if you want to say, it's a massive football game. You know before we had a socially distance, we have all these empty seats right, you'll be back very soon. You'll be what? Back very soon, but -- and then, of course, Georgia, not bad, you're doing OK.

And who is the greatest of them all from Georgia? Who's the greatest of them all from Georgia? Herschel. Herschel. By the way, how good was Herschel Walker? Right. He made a lot of quarterbacks look good, here, Herschel, run it. Boom! Six yards, nine yards, 10 yards, 100 yards and he's on our side and he's an incredible guy, Herschel Walker.

I remember when he was playing here, they had like the ballot, the ballot to Herschel Walker. He was like just a legendary guy. Remember? From the time me started, just boom, six yards, eight yards, 10 yards, and then the quarterback goes, he says, I think I'm gonna sign with the NFL. It's like amazing, but Hershel has been great and Herschel loves this state and the fact that we have his endorsement so strongly, I mean, so strongly, we love it.

But what a great football player he was, what a great winner. We want to thank Herschel. The ballot to Herschel Walker. On November 3rd, show the people the great American people that were in charge, that we're delivering Sleepy Joe Biden and that whole group of radical-left crazies, and by the way, he's not really radical left but he's got no choice.

He's got absolutely nothing going. They're running the party. How about Kamala? Kamala.  How good did Mike Pence do? so? How good did Mike Pence do a week ago against Kamala? That was easy. Mike is great, he's doing a great job and he really did, he did a great job, but it's very unfair, you know, it's so unfair.

When you watch -- when you watch -- OK, you watch last night and you see the anger and the hatred I'm saying, look, let's just do this thing, just take it easy, relax. Just relax, take it nice and easy, OK. OK. She said, But I told you that's true. I told I said, I don't believe you. why would I believe you?

You know, you see that when she's screaming? I said, well, who told me? I told you. I said, who cares if you told me. What are you telling me?", but we got very high marks. But compare that -- Could you imagine if Joe Biden was treated like Savannah Guthrie treated us, not me, it's us? Could you imagine?

He would be freaked out, he would probably be under the table. He would be under the table. And she's easy compared to President Xi and Putin and Kim Jong-un and plenty of others, she's like easy pickings. But could you imagine if she came at him? Did you see -- Now, I was interviewed a couple of weeks by -- by George Stephanopoulos and it was a tough interview but it was fine, I don't say, like, you know, give me the answers and the questions.

Do you ever see where they ask him a question and then he starts reading, that means he has the answers to -- I never saw anything like what's going on in my entire life. They asked -- How about -- Did you see that, a week ago he said, move it up  close, I can't read the damn answer. They -- This is the fake news, I've been saying it.

I am so proud of the fact that I've exposed these people for what they are. It's true. Look at all that equipment. That's millions of dollars worth of equipment. And you know what, if they were truthful, our country would come together so fast, it's so true. They're a big part of the problem. I was saying today, I was telling when I was in Florida, I was telling the story that you know, our people, we're going to bring it all together, and they said, how are you going to do it?

Through success. Because we were ready. We had the most successful economy we've ever had. We never had an economy, African-American, Hispanic- American, Asian-American, women, people with high school diplomas, people without high school diplomas, people from M.I.T., top of their class, geniuses, businesses, chemical engineers, everybody was doing better than they've ever done, and then we had the plague sent to us By China, we're not going to forget that, we're not going to forget that, we're not going to forget it and they know we're not going to forget it.

They know damn well that we're not going to forget it. And now we're -- we close it down, we save millions of lives. They don't say that, you know, we're over 200,000, that's terrible, but compared to other nations, it's -- it's amazing what we've been able to do, but we saved millions. It was supposed to be 2.2 million lives, right, and we saved millions of lives and now we're rebuilding it back and our economy is setting records.

What we're doing is setting record. But if I don't sound like a typical Washington politician is because I'm not a politician. And if I don't always play by the rules of the Washington establishment and it would make, you know, it would make my life a lot easier to be honest, I know how to play those roles.

Remember they used to say -- and I used to play the game about acting presidential life -- smart guy, won't let a smart people here, I'm smart.I'm -- I always said it's much easier to be presidential than to do what I do, right, remember? And I said, I'm more presidential if I wanted to be, but I got to get things done, I don't have enough time, so many stupid things that happened with bad deals, stupid deals, bad trade deals, but do remember I used to go and would have fun, but I used to go and I'd imitate a president who's playing presidential.

That's so easy compared to what we do. What we do is much more difficult. I said, I can be more presidential than any president in our history, with the possible exception of Abraham Lincoln when he wore the hat. That was tough to beat. That was tough to beat. But you remember, I do it, we had fun with it.

We'd say, ladies and gentlemen of Georgia, this is your president and it is a great honor to be with you tonight. Things are going very well with our country. Our military is building -- You know, so I could do that and you know within about three minutes, everybody would pick up and say, let's get that hell out of here, this guy's -- No, we're doing a great job.

We're renegotiating these horrible trade deals, we're bringing our people back home, our soldiers, our great heroes. Because I was elected to fight for you and I fight harder for you than any president has ever fought for the people of this country.  Thank you very much.  Thank you.

By the way, I have to tell you this, the spirit in this country is unbelievable, the spirit in these rallies are unbelievable. And you know, hey, we're in Minnesota, we're going to win Minnesota. You know Minnesota, I think, hasn't been won since 1972. We're going to win Minnesota, we're going to win Minnesota.

Opened up the iron ore. We opened up areas of Minnesota that they closed. In Maine, Obama took away 5,000 square miles of ocean. Can you believe it? I gave it back to the people of Maine. We're doing things that nobody's -- nobody's ever thought about doing, ever done. We went into -- you take a look at -- take a look at Minneapolis.

The place was burning down, the National Guard goes in, 30 minutes would you say, remember they form that beautiful scene after watching this for a week and a half, and we want to do it with Portland. Portland would be so easy, wise guys, they're just wise guys, these are wise guys. And their, you know there the one guy who killed somebody in the street, took him three days to arrest, I sent in the U.S. marshals you know, 15 minutes later it was over.

I said why hasn't that guy been -- They all knew who, they were putting his picture up. I said why hasn't he been arrested? Well, sir, they haven't -- I said, really. We got another day, we send in the U.S .marshals, in 15 minutes -- We had the greatest law enforcement people in the world. Fifteen minutes later, it was all over for him.

But the forces opposing me in Washington are the same people who are responsible for every disastrous trade deal, foreign policy, blunder, and border security betrayal. Look at our border, our southern border is so great. By the way, we've topped 400 hundred miles of wall. Building 10 miles a week, it will be finished very soon, but it's had an incredible impact.

Our border has never been as good, we got rid of catch and release, all the stuff that everybody said would be impossible, but it's been incredible, and Mexico is paying for the wall, you do know that, OK. They like to say, now finally, they say, OK, he's building the wall, but Mexico is not paying for it.

No, no, Mexico is paying for it. They know that, but they don't like to say it. No, we're doing some incredible things. This is the most important election in the history of our country, and I used to -- Even to three months ago, I said, well, you know this is like very important, but 2016 was important, this is more important.

This is war. And you know, success will bring us together, as I was saying. But you know what else is going to bring us together? A victory, because they're just going to finally say, let's just give up. We're going to say, these people can't be beaten, they're going to say, these people can't be beat, and many of them were so happy.

Two weeks ago they heard Trump tested positive, they were so happy and then I got out like right away, here I am like a long time. I could've done -- That's true. Can you imagine he won't be able to hold any more rallies. He'll be recovering or worse, or worse. He'll be recovering or worse, and like 12 minutes later here we are, you know, like, oh forget, I was -- I've been doing this for a long time, or this is not my first rally right, but all these rallies are like this.

The spirit of this country is unbelievable and that's what we have and even the fake news admits. We have more enthusiasm than any candidate in the history of this country. True. And he has less enthusiasm in my opinion than any candidate. I think he's the weakest candidate in the history of presidential politics, . Now, with all of that being said, they have a corrupt media, they have big tech, they have all of this stuff, it's a very powerful party and they have advantages.

You know, they automatically win New York. I don't know why New York is doing so badly. They automatically win California, I don't know why. California is doing so badly. The forest fires, no water, no this, no that, you know, minor little problems. They automatically win Illinois. I mean, we got to run the table.

We got -- it's automatic because it's just the way it falls. You know, winning the Electoral College is a very, very hard thing to do and we just ran this string right, but it's a very hard thing to do, but we're winning in Florida, we're winning here. You know it's amazing, like if he came here, Sleepy Joe, if he came here, honestly, if they announce, it worked really hard to try and find people.

No, I really mean this. We have tens of thousands -- look at this, this thing goes back, way, way back. I wish they wouldn't give these guys a good look. I wish they'd move them back a hundred yards. And I'm telling my people, I just -- I'll save a little time. My people, please, from now on, could you please move the fake news media back like another hundred yards?

I hope you're listening too. No, because you know what, those cameras have magnifier zone, they can be back and you can get a lot of people. So, instead of standing behind the camera and looking at the cameraman's ass, we don't need that, just move them back and we get more people up here because it goes back forever.

Thank you, back there. We love you, thank you, but we're going to move it back. Move them back.  This can only happen in Georgia. You know, I have an idea, you just gave me an idea. We have a new T-shirt tomorrow morning: Move them back. Well, we did it with, you know, we did it with this Crazy Hunter, Hunter-Biden.

Remember? Where's Hunter? I kept saying, where the hell is Hunter? Because he was gone. You know they caught him, stealing a lot of money, so he like disappeared, remember? And we -- I said, where's Hunter? And then I said, wait a minute, that's a great idea for a T-shirt. We came out with a T-shirt "Where's Hunter" became one of the big successes of the year.

Where's Hunter. We were talking today about drug prices, and you know, in this country we have a very bad system and we have middlemen that are very rich and I was talking about how we're cutting out the middlemen. Oh, these are not people that like me very much and we're going with favorite nations and all that stuff we're getting it dug -- drug prices down 60, 70, 80%, but the middlemen, the middlemen are making all of this money, tremendous, the very wealthy.

They don't even do anything, frankly, at least the drug companies that make the drug. So we're talking about -- we're talking about the middlemen and I say, wait a minute, I think I know one of the middlemen, it must be Hunter. Hunter Biden is a middleman. On top of everything else, China, Ukraine, Russia, plus he's a middleman, oh, what a family.

Biden has made a corrupt bargain in exchange, and that's what he's done. It's a corrupt bargain in exchange for his party's nomination, which, by the way, should have gone to Bernie, you know. Elizabeth Warren, Pocahontas, if she would have left a day before Super Tuesday, Joe Biden would not have won any of those states, they split up the vote.

It was super liberal, her, and it was crazy Bernie, and I say it all the time. I think Bernie Sanders is the nicest, greatest loser I've ever seen because -- no, it's true. And I mean, this -- and you know we're going to get a lot of their votes because they love us on trade. Because the one thing Bernie is right on is every country in this world, including our so-called allies -- Excuse me, are there any children in the house?

OK, close your ears, children, screws us on trade, and Bernie's people know that, and Bernie's into -- The problem is Bernie wouldn't be able to do anything, but I've done a lot about it. I've done a lot about it. But you know, that's why we got a lot -- we got a big percentage of Bernie people and because they didn't like Hillary, but they don't like Joe and we're going to get a lot of Bernie people so I have to be nice to Bernie, but I consider him a really good loser because he loses with such -- he's so nice about it.

He loses. I mean what she did to him was bad, but this was in a way worse because all Elizabeth Warren had to do is leave the campaign, didn't even have to endorse him and he would have gotten votes and he would have won every single state on Super Tuesday, and that didn't happen, and so now we have a guy with a little bit larger base, but no energy.

Here we would have had somebody with a smaller base, but with tremendous energy, but not as much energy as we do and we have a big base, so I like that either. A long complex story, but what the hell, I have nothing but time, right? What the hell. In exchange for his party's nomination, he's handed control, and you know that, in exchange to the socialists and the Marxists and the far-left lunatics.

If he wins, the radical left will be running this country, they're addicted to power, and God help our country if that happens, I really mean it. You'll never make a comeback. It'll be a large scale version of Venezuela. I've been saying that for a year, but I'd never meant it like I mean it now. The only difference is the size because the ideology is the same.

Venezuela, 20 years ago, less, was so wealthy, one of the wealthiest countries, it had oil, it had everything, very, very magnificent. Now they don't have water, they don't have medicine, they don't have food, everyone's fleeing the country. You know, the only difference is the size, but the ideology, when you look at a Portland, I want them to let us in, I said, governor of Oregon, I said let us come in.

I want to solve your problem, but they're radical-left Democrats, you know, it's just like the craziest thing, but that's what Venezuela is, they're anarchists. You look at some of their city, they're anarchists and they don't want to say and the press wants to call a peaceful protests and we originally had a hard time.

We had a hard time. They didn't want us to have any rallies in certain states, and then I realized you're not allowed to go to church, you're not allowed to have dinner with people, you're not allowed to do anything unless in Michigan, you happen to be married to the governor because her husband -- You're not allowed to go sailing unless you're married to the governor of Michigan, in which case you can go sailing.

Remember that? Did she get caught or what? Now she's blaming me because people were -- Whatever. I don't know what's going on, I don't know. I was in -- And it was our people that caught them, right. It's Trump's fault, always Trump's fault. Isn't it incredible? And yet we did her a favor. Who knows, I mean, they have to look at that whole thing too.

But we are doing an incredible job in this country. This country's great and we have spirit like nobody's had spirit. And there's got to be a red wave. Next week it's going to be unbelievable. And they're talking about it. Look at that. It's millions of dollars worth of equipment and they'll never turn it around to show those people back there because they want to say, "Donald Trump had a rally in Georgia, there was a smattering of people, a small smattering." No, it's amazing.

Nobody's ever had what we've had. And you're going to have a red wave. They call it a red wave. One of these characters standing right there, he said it could be a red wave. Don't say that could be, there will be. It's going to be a wave. And they don't want to go the phony unsolicited ballot. You know they send ballots out by the millions.

They don't have no idea, well they do, actually, have an idea where they're going. That's what really -- but we say, who's sending them? Where are they going? Who's getting them? Who's delivering them? Who's signing them? What the hell are they doing? And then if you say that, they go, he's not for freedom, he's not for freedom, and they know better than you do it's a big con job, so we have to be very, very careful with the ballots because they find ballots in a garbage can last week, military ballots that had the name Trump on them and they're in a garbage can.

They found 50,000 ballots from Ohio. They find them from North Carolina, dumped in a river. They find them, I think, 500,000 ballots in Virginia. They were incorrect, they're printing them wrong. They had one little problem on one set of ballots, thousands and thousands --thousands. They forgot to put the name of Donald Trump on the ballot, other than that the ballot was quite good.  No, no, this is serious and I'm being serious about this.

These people are doing a tremendous disservice and they're using COVID as the reason. You know, they're using -- they're using this as a reason not to go out and vote. So we voted in World War I, where, by the way, you had a pandemic that made this look like peanuts, OK. World War I. They voted in World War I. They voted in World War II.

They voted during the Great Depression. They voted, voted, voted, but we can't do that, you got to send in a ballot. So complicated too, they have instructions, you do the ballot, then you do this, but some of them make it nice and simple. You don't have to sign, you don't have to verify, but what they don't tell you is we've won a lot of court cases.

How about you put your ballot in and it has to be in by November 3rd, but you have two weeks in which  You have two weeks to count. Does that mean we have to hold up the whole election because, you know what, I want to find out who won or lost. I want to find out legitimately who won or lost on November 3rd.

I'm not looking to find out -- I'm not looking to find out on November 19th or on December 1st or on two years from now, and if you take a look at some of these ballot schemes in New York, we had what a third rate politician named Carolyn Maloney, who I know very well. She used to come to my office all the time for campaign contributions, but she want to raise the number of ballots missing, that they have no idea her opponent, who could won, who was very close, but they declared her the winner.

But her opponent has gone totally nuts, and you know what he should -- he should, but you look at that. You look at Paterson New Jersey, you look at what happened in Virginia. These are all races that took place recently, and they'll say, even I must say even in 18, they had a lot of disasters and even in 16, I didn't even know it, but they had a lot of ballots.

I promise you, it will be against us. Ok, it will be against us. It will be against us, but you look at Nevada. We have a good chance to win Nevada but they're sending ballots to everybody. The governor was a backroom politician and I don't want him having the fate of an election. I don't think it's right that he has the fate of our most important election ever in his hands.

I don't want that. So, if you see anything wrong, law, enforcement's watching marshals or U.S. marshals are watching same type of guys. These are no games. One thing I would say: law enforcement, they're on our side. I said it, I said it during the debate with Joe, I said Joe, name one law enforcement group that's supporting you, he couldn't do it.

Then he was bailed out by Chris Wallace. Right? I said name, one law enforcement and I said Hey Joe just say the words law and order say those words, Joe. He didn't want to say it. I said Joe just say the words law and order. It's not hard Joe, law and order. He couldn't say it, he wouldn't say it. Then he tried, I think he said law and order and safety and security.

You know because -- because he has to get the vote of the radical left and they don't like law and order -- and you know who likes Trump because of law and order in these suburban women who've gone over. I keep hearing because they want law and order, and I got a look at that, same thing happened four years ago.

Same thing, they said women will not vote for Trump. Women will not, then the election's over. I said men and women really came out voted for Trump right? But, suburban women, I keep saying suburban women, and I got rid of a regulation that would have destroyed the value of your homes, okay, and would have made your homes very unsafe, with low-income housing being built all over the place right next to your house, I terminated it, and even my people they said, sir, you don't have to tell me, we can make it much quicker soon.

No. no you don't understand. I want it terminated and I terminated it. Suburban women, please. Thank you very much. I heard they like my policy, but they don't like my personality, I said they don't care about my personality, they want to be safe and they want to keep their American dream. They don't care about my personality.

They like my president, and I like them. I like them, I love them. The radical left is hell-bent on destroying everything that we love and cherish. You know it's that culture stuff, right? Cancel culture. They won't cancel culture, they want to get rid of our great heroes from the past. They want to get rid of our history, they want to get rid of our culture, right?

I was at Mt. Rushmore. They want to blow a Mt. Rushmore up. I said to our great governor of South Dakota, Christie. I said, this has never happened in Christie. Don't worry about it, she said you don't have to. We don't even need your help or this one. It was so beautiful, Mt. Rushmore. They want to blow it up.

I said not going to happen. None of that stuff is going to happen, but I will tell you a few months ago, if I weren't your president, you would have had the Jefferson Memorial, the Lincoln Memorial, how about Lincoln? They want to attack even Lincoln, he's, probably looking down and he's saying, what the hell did I do I was on their side, I think, right?

What did I do? They want to attack the Lincoln. If I was not your president, they would have attacked the Jefferson Memorial and I stopped it. I stopped a lot of things. I also saved your Second Amendment by law. They want to punish the middle class. Expunge every last trace of traditional values and replace the American dream with a socialist nightmare.

The Democrat Party has gone crazy, but they have contempt for America, they have contempt for the United States and I don't think Biden does. But Biden has no power, he's got he's gone and he's gone up here, he's gone. The Republican Party is proud of America. We're proud of America, we love America. We celebrate American values, American History, and American culture and we're working to deliver a truly extraordinary American future.

But I want the Republican Party to get tougher because the Republican Party, they're very good people, but they're, not tough enough in terms of our values and what we stand for. They let these other people, these lunatics, get away with things like you can't spy on a campaign. You can't try and take over a duly elected president of the United States and get caught, and when you get caught, you have to suffer the consequences.

It's very simple Joe Biden and the Democrats. Socialists will kill your jobs, dismantle your police departments, and you see that going all over with Seattle at all. And by the way Seattle, so they knew we were going in the following day, so the night before they raised their hands and they left. Okay, very simple: I said, that's it, whether they like us in there or not, we're going in.

They took over a big piece of the city and they weren't going to do anything. They knew we were going in and so the night before, they said, you know these little facts that I give you just to give you because that's the way it works is supposed to ask us. The governors are supposed to ask us, but these radical left, you know if you look at Republican-run states and cities they're doing phenomenally well, never done better.

But if you look at these radical left, look at what happened to my beautiful New York. Since I left, three and a half years, it was doing great and I left. I'm not saying because, but maybe it is, but I left. I came to Washington -- what's happened to New York? What they've done to that incredible city and state is so sad.

Look at Chicago look at what's going on there. Look at what's going on in Atlanta, look at Atlanta, it's so sad. What's going on? And these are radical left no bail, no cash bail! No, Nothing! I mean you kill somebody! No problem, no problem! They're going to have to get their act together, they're going to have to get their act together because we're not going to put up with it much longer.

They want to dissolve your borders. Release criminal aliens raise your taxes. By the way, I'm cutting your taxes big. Biden. Joe Biden wants to substantially raise your taxes and that he says well, I'm only talking about people. I said No, no, no, he wants to terminate the tax cuts that we gave you so that's 2,000 and then you look at the energy cuts and you look at the child tax credit and you look it's a thousand dollars each and you look at all, It's seven, eight nine thousand dollars a family.

Well, if you're going to terminate it, that means, it's $9,000\. I don't know about that. You know that he pulls out a piece of paper when he starts reading it out of his. Did you see that he did that? Yes, they pulled out a piece of paper because he couldn't remember any of the numbers he puts out and Georgia Stephanopoulos is sitting there watching this.

He didn't treat me as nice. You know, so I did him two weeks ago and he was OK. It was fine. You know it is what it is right he's going to ask me a question right. You know the expression, he asked you a question, I give him an answer. That's all you can do right. You can't do any better than that, but they were nasty, pretty nasty and not terrible, but pretty last night was -- she was out of line.

I mean, in my opinion, she was out of line. As I said, just relax, take it nice and easy. But when you watch the one the week before it's just so, it's such a difference. The beauty is, the people of our country, get it they're smart. They get it, they get it. They get it better than NBC owned by Comcast COM and I call it Comcast there used to be com.

They spend a fortune on public relations and I come along and call them Comcast. It's a con job. They want to confiscate your guns, drive God from the public square and abolish the  To defend our Constitution from this madness, I proudly nominated Judge Amy Coney Barrett to the United States Supreme Court.

She's great. She's so smart. She's so smart, right? She's done a great job. She's done a great job and she went through it. No problem and they came at her. They came at her. It was like -- it was like your Atlanta team when they were good couple of years ago. How the hell did they lose that Super Bowl? Could you -- How the hell did that happen?

I keep thinking man. If you own that team you worked for that team, I was like, that was a longshot, but you know it's one of those things, but, I was like that team playing at high school football team right? She was so much more talented than those people that were trying to embarrass her, and she was cool as the coolness was, do you have notes?

Do you have notes? A blank? No, she doesn't need to write down notes, I don't have notes either, right. And most of this has been off this teleprompter because it was on the teleprompter. Many of you would say it is a little boring. Let's get out of here, Sam. Last night Biden refused to rule out court pack.

In other words, they may take 16, 17, 18 people. He'll pack the court with radical left judges who will shred your Second Amendment, disarm law-abiding citizens, and protect terrorists and violent criminals. You know, I won the ban from jihadist countries or other countries. If people are bad, we don't want them in.

So I went for the ban, everybody said, but I won. I won in the Supreme Court, and you know what, we don't want people that can't love our country. We don't want people that are going to hurt our country, so I have a ban. A very controversial and we wanted the United States Supreme Court and we don't let people in from certain countries that are going to look to do bad things to us.

Pretty amazing what's happened, isn't it? Biden's agenda would also be a catastrophe for Georgia's seniors -- seniors. To have many seniors in the house right but proud to be seniors right. For years, Biden tried to cut your Social Security. You know that and your Medicare. Now Biden is pledging mass amnesty and free health care for illegal aliens, decimating Medicare and destroying your Social Security because that's what's going to happen.

You know, we all have a heart. I say this all the time. I mean, I have a heart. I don't want to hurt people, but once you say, come in, you're going to get free health care, you're going to get free education, the whole world is going to want to come into our country and we're not going to be able to even come close to affording it.

I have to take care of our seniors. I can't take care of millions of people that had no intention of coming here before these maniacs made these pledges. He'll bankrupt these programs to finance the left. Open borders they want to take. Actually, you know, we're just finishing up the walls I said. They want to take the wall down some of them.

We want to take down the wall. This wall is a dream, goes deep and it goes high. A lot of bad people are coming in because that they want to take it down many of them. While I'm president, no one will touch your Medicare. No one will touch your Social Security. Under my leadership, we're delivering a safe vaccine and a rapid recovery.

I love the recovery because here I am. Two weeks, I wasn't exactly feeling great, and you know when you're president, I told us today, when you're president, you get a lot of doctors. You get guys, Johns Hopkins, Walter Reed, you get all the great hospitals and you got these geniuses they're all over the place.

Sir, let me do this. Let me do that. Let me do -- just leave me alone fellas. Get the hell out of here. But I wasn't feeling too great and they gave me something, Regeneron, and a day later, I felt like Superman. I said, hey, whatever the hell that stuff was. I brand new developed because of this and we're going to do something very special.

We're going to get it for every person that we think is appropriate for, in other words, every person that needs it. But I tell you what, you know: they could call it therapeutic, but to me, it was a cure because the following day, our doctors are here. When you're a president, they followed, we got more doctors.

If anyone gets sick, it's a great time when I'm around because You'll have about 15 doctors standing over you in about nine seconds. It's happened, it's happened many times. Somebody gets that's all well and all of a sudden they get the greatest doctors you've ever seen. They do a fantastic job, but, this was all developed just very recently months ago for this.

It's incredible. The strides that we've made. If you vote for me, prosperity will surge normal life. That's all we want. I want a normal life like we had seven months ago. We don't want any. We want a normal life. In other words, next year will be one of the greatest years economically in the history of our country because that's where we're going.

This election is a choice between a Trump recovery and a Biden depression. Let me tell you something, he's going to quadruple your taxes. He's going to raise taxes on businesses. All the businesses that have moved into our country are going to move out they're going back where they came. You're going to have a disaster, you will have a depression.

The likes of which this country has never seen before if these crazy rules get in with the Green New Deal. You know, the Green New Deal, the real number is $100 trillion. You know, they say well, we could do it for like 9 trillion. Well, nine does it work either, but the real price is a hundred. They want to rip down buildings and build new buildings in their place with tiny little windows.

No, if you don't mind, I'd like to keep my window I'd like to have a nice view of Georgia, no they want to. They want to. Think of it, they get $100 trillion. So, if we had an unbelievable economic surge that lasted 100 years without a problem, we wouldn't make a $100 trillion. This is the craziest thing done by AOC plus three, who knows nothing about the environment.

She hasn't known. She's got a great line of bullshit. That's about it! Well, it's true. She does nothing about the environment. AOC plus three. These were not great academics. How about Ilhan Omar? You know I'm going to win Minnesota because, if you hand Omar, she hates our country, I mean you see the way she talks, she hates our country.

No, please don't tell her to leave that happened once before. I got a lot of trouble. They start screaming, she should leave and they got me a job. They said, Why did you protest? But she doesn't like our country, you see what she says and I'm going to win. Remember this, Minnesota hasn't been one since 1970. That's a long time. 1972. And we're going to win Minnesota because of Ilhan Omar.

Well, having Minneapolis ripped down and burned down, and then we come into the land and they should've called us in day one. Day one. The problem is, they keep waiting. They wait too. How about the CNN reporter? I think his name is  The shaved head. Nice shaved head, maybe I'll try that someday.

I don't know. My poll numbers might go down or they might go up. You never know. Maybe they go up, but he's standing there, this is a friendly protest and behind him, the fire is like nine blocks long. It looks like Berlin during the worst days of their lives. The fires are raging. This is a friendly protest.

Boy-oh-boy. Then they in the National Guard started moving forward and got hit in the knee with a canister of tear gas, and he went down. I've been hurt, I've been injured. These people are crazy. You know they don't report the violence in a report, the looting on CNN, MSD, and see all these different networks don't report them.

They don't want to talk about them. They want to think everything's wonderful, it's not. And the reason it's not, a lot of it is because of them, but I will deliver optimism, opportunity, and hope, and that's what we're doing -- and this is why we have this kind of spirit and I hate to say it because I don't want to insult Georgia, but it's this way all over our country.

We have the biggest rallies in the history of politics and nobody has rallies like this. Look that. Look at the people. Now look, I mean, you can't see this. This goes all the way back, so you can't even see how far back you can. I can't even see the end of it. We have the greatest enthusiasm, the biggest crowds in the history of politics, and they don't talk about it.

They'll say, yes, there were a smattering, a smattering of people. That's true. He has the first lady. How did you like? It was good? Were there many people there? I said a lot. They didn't they show it? No, they don't show it. They just showed your face. They never go, she said, but I could hear it. You know, when you go to a Georgia football game when they're doing well, you can imitate, you can imitate thousands and thousands of people with hundreds of people.

I mean, Biden had a rally today like 13 people showed up and they don't talk about it. They say, by this year, the one guy actually made a mistake. You call them sleepy Joe. Is it announced today that guy's job is gone, but Vice President Biden is here today. He's making a speech on the environment, but he has no idea what he's -- They don't say that there's nobody there.

he's got the circles right there circles you ever see, he's got like five circles and he goes there and people standing and the reason that and the circles, not only are they big, although I love the artistry, because the guy really does a nice job, you know I'm into, but so it's very neat very round beautiful solid.

I mean it would be impossible to catch anything if you're one of those circles because you're so far away. It's like, but I never joke about it. I mean, I don't think it's necessary for sleepy Joe to constantly, you know, he walks up to a stage. That people are, number one, there's no people there and the few people that are there are like what 50 yards away and the mask is always so large, you know it's like covers the whole face.

I shouldn't joke. I shouldn't joke because you know what, running against the worst candidate in the history of presidential politics puts pressure on me. Could you imagine if I lose my whole life? What am I going to do? I'm going to say I lost to the worst candidate in the history of politics, I'm not going to feel so good.

Maybe I'll have to leave the country. I don't know. Biden will deliver pessimism, poverty, and decline. Our nation will decline very seriously and again, he's been doing this for 47 years. They said, why did trump move faster? Well, when I put in the ban on China because they were heavily infected and then Europe shortly thereafter, Biden called me xenophobic.

I said tell me what it means Joe. Please tell me what you know he was unable to define it. They wrote it down xenophobic, but he called me a racist, I think, because it was so early. Now time goes by and he said, he should have done it earlier. He should have done it earlier, but he was months behind me remember?

He thought it was terrible that we close down to China and Fauci said, and he said very nicely said Trump saved thousands of lives by making that decision, and to be honest, I was like just about the only one that wanted to do it. Joe Biden would terminate our recovery, delay the vaccine, prolong the pandemic and annihilate Georgia's economy and you're doing a great job, and you have a governor that's working hard and he's doing a great job.

I don't even know if he's here, but he's working hard and he's doing a great job. We're going to find out and you've got a great first lady and we're working to safely reopen those schools. Reopen the schools, get those schools open all over our country. It's so bad, you know Barron right, Barron tested positive.

My son. I said, are you okay? Yeah, I'm okay like about two seconds later. how's he doing, Oh, he's okay now, sir. Because they have a great immune system, I guess. Who the hell knows. I mean they have an immune system. 99.9 something percent right: they're, young and they're strong. I mean for this particular disease, the flu they have problems with young children, real problems, real death problems, but for this, it's 99.99-something I mean it's like incredible, but no, Barron tested positive.

The first lady is doing great. She's very good, doing a great job and she didn't do the regeneron thing. She did it the old fashioned way, she get better, but Barron, you know Barron, young kid, healthy kid, but he tested positive, and by the time I got to speak to the doctor the next time it was like, how's he doing doc?

He is okay now, sir. It's gone. I said it's gone that quick, but this is what happens and then you're immune. It could be a long time, yeah, Barron's -- everyone loves Barron. Do you think he's tall enough? He's a tall young guy but he's doing good? But you know it's an amazing thing, the children. That's why they have to get back to school.

We have to protect our seniors very much. We have to protect our seniors and that's what we're doing, but we have to protect our seniors. We have to protect certain groups, especially our seniors, with have a heart problem or they have a diabetes problem, but we got to get our businesses open. Now, in your case, your governor was very early.

He did a great job, but you look at what's happened, you look at what's happened in New York, you look at what's happening in Michigan, we won the case. You know, the court ruled it was unconstitutional who's keeping everybody like in prison except her husband. She was keeping everybody. No, she was keeping everybody in prison.

Pennsylvania. They got to open the state, we're going to do well in Pennsylvania too, by the way. North Carolina. We have Mark Meadows here by the way from North Carolina, great Chief of Staff. Where's Mark? A great chief of staff, he's working. He said, boy this is a very successful congressman and he's -- he's been doing a fantastic job.

He's doing a great job. Is it an easy job Mark? No problem. But Biden will close your classrooms and you know what, he actually said the other day, he'll follow science, he'll fight. So that means, if Fauci says close it up, he's going to close up the country. It's not going to happen. And if you look at the numbers, the numbers are great and we're going to go over that.

He wants to throw your children out of the school, close up your schools and shut down your workplace and we're now setting records for employment, unemployment. We're setting all sorts of records economically. Europe, which has imposed punishing, punishing horrible, really strong lockdowns, is now experiencing a massive surge in cases.

You know the fake news would say, we'll look at Europe. I said we're doing better than Europe, but now Europe is exploding and they'll be okay, but they're exploding. Biden's plan will crush America. My plan will crush the virus and America will be stronger than ever before. So our early and aggressive action saved, I think at least two million lives.

We pioneered lifesaving therapies and reduced the fatality rate. 85%, think of it that's over a six-month period and I'm working to make the antibody treatment and I've said it and I got it and, I said, listen for me, it was great and I'll bet for a lot of people. It's great. These are the great scientists they came up with some of the other incredible medicines of the last 10 years, this particular firm, but also Eli Lilly, it's very similar and we're going to make it available free to anybody that needs it.

Free should be getting the final approvals very soon. No, I'm getting approvals from the FDA that people would have taken three years to get and those vaccines are coming out, but it's political even that I could have had them faster, but we had a little action. Nobody wanted me to get the approval before the election and you know what I'm not thinking about the election.

I'm thinking about saving lives. The hell with the election. Thinking about saving lives. So I got a little -- a little political. Through operation warp speed, we will have 100 million vaccine doses before the end of the year and maybe substantially before that. The vaccine will end the pandemic once and for all and they hate it when I say it, got the vaccine, it's really looking great.

Numerous companies, Johnson and Johnson, Pfizer are great, others too many companies, all of them, they're great. But you know what, without the vaccine, it's ending too. We're rounding the turn, it's ending without the vaccine. But the vaccine is going to make it go quicker. Let's get rid of it. We want to get it the hell out of here.

So we're joined tonight by a man who I am so proud that I gave a very early endorsement to, and I did it because of David Perdue. David said, Donald. Mr. President, I have somebody's running for governor. I said governor of where? He said the Great State of Georgia. I said, tell me what's the story? He said, could you endorse him?

I said, well, tell me about him. I did a little research and the only thing that mattered to me, I mean, to be honest with you, he's all Trump all the way. He was -- before I knew him, I didn't know he had a very successful past, but I didn't know, but he was very, you know, he's like trump. He likes Trump and it's hard to endorse people that don't like you, you know.

Somehow, I have a little problem with that, but his name, I say what's his name, Brian Kemp, and he's a really smart guy, a really good guy and I endorse him and he went on to win and his wonderful wife, Marty, is even better than him. But I have to tell you, we -- we campaigned together. We campaigned together and I mean I've never seen, we campaigned against, I guess Stacy, and we had Oprah.

You know Oprah used to be a friend of mine before I went into politics. He'd be down in Mar-a-Lago a lot. She liked our key lime pie. He liked our key lime pie, but Oprah was great. She was a friend of mine, but you know, once you do this stuff, you lose a lot of friends very quickly, but that's okay. We're going to do the right thing.

And we had Barack Obama, Michelle Obama, they practically lived in Georgia and all Brian had was Trump and Brian won fairly easily. It wasn't that close Brian Kemp great guy and Marty. Thank you very much. He's a great governor and he was ahead of -- he was ahead of the curve. He said we got to get this thing open here, and you know those are the states that are doing the best, the ones that are doing these lockdowns, not to mention the problems caused with depression, drugs, alcoholism, all of the other things.

So I just want to thank Brian and Marty and it's great and you're doing good. How am I doing by the way Brian we're going to win it, because, if we're not I'll, tell you what I'm going to take my endorsement away from him if I don't. Now you're doing a great job as governor? Thank you very much, Brian Kemp.

Thank you. Everybody. Another guy who's been a friend of mine for a long time. You know he's a very, very successful man and he did what I did. He wanted to do something, you want to give back. He loves this state like crazy, loves our country and he's central casting. If I'm casting a movie, and I want to pick a senator, you know what I do.

I say I've got to get David Perdue to play the role, but he is respected by everybody in Washington. He is respected and revered and he brings back the bacon to this state. I want to tell you he came to see me, David, stand up. He came. He came to see me about the farmers when they got, that's how I got involved in the whole thing and the hurricanes and all the damage, and we brought in a lot of money for our farmers in Georgia right David?

So, thank you very much great job. You're doing a fantastic job and come to think of it, I can't even believe, you know the guy that's running against him. I beat him once before. Two years ago he was running against a very good woman, Karen right, Karen Handel and she's doing very well, but he was running against her and we defeated him and then he said he's running against David, I said, this guy's not in the same league with David Perdue.

I mean, that puts a lot of pressure on David. Just like I have pressure on me. You're running against these people. It puts more pressure on you David. It would be easier to run against somebody that was good, but he's a radical left. Schumer Pelosi guy. He's bad on the second amendment. I remember when he was running, he didn't even live in the district he's running for Congress.

I said, what's going on? but we defeated him once and I hear you're going to defeat him again. Thank you, David. Thank you. So a person who's become a friend of mine and Brian thought she was fantastic and I met her and I said the only thing is you know, how would you handle pressure? You never know, there's a rough mean business and I found that she can handle pressure.

She has been fantastic. She was with me, 100 percent on the impeachment hoax. She's been with us all the way and she's a great woman and her husband is a great man and a very successful man. That's a good thing, not a bad thing. By the way, some people would like to say, oh the husband's a great failure.

It's much better. No, no, no. He's a really respected person and he loves his wife and she's, a terrific person, Kelly Loeffler. Kelly. Thank you. Great job, Great job, Kelly. Great job. I mean my only problem, she's running against another great guy, I just said run it out, I'm backing both of them, because Doug Collins is here.

Where's Doug? Why am I in a lousy position? I like them both. I love them both. He's been unbelievable with the impeachment hoax and everything else. He's a warrior, She's a warrior, but you know what I like they're, both going to the polls they're going to bring their people with them, and you know the biggest winner is going to be Trump because everybody that votes for both of them is going to vote for me.

But honestly, regardless of what happens, they're both going to be winners, because whoever does it efficiently win is going to have an unbelievable future. And I'm going to make sure of it because he's had two incredible people and I mean it, but what a lousy position to be in David right here like both of them.

So we have somebody, Jody Hice, you know. Jody stand up. Joe want a job, a warrior. A warrior, thank you very much for everything, Jody. Jody's only leading his district by about 5,000 points, I wouldn't have to worry too much. We don't have to spend too much time, you're doing a great job, Jody. We appreciate it very much.

Barry Loudermilk. Barry, thank you very much great job, great job, These are warriors. These are incredible. Rick Allen. Rick, thank you. And another one who wanted, you know, a guy who knows more about the farming industry. You know when I was picking the secretary of agriculture. They had all these political people come in, I said, do you know anything about farms?

No, sir, I don't, but I'm a quick learner. I said. Oh, that's great, you know, I'm interviewing these people and I went through about nine of them and so far you know I didn't have any guy. I said, do you know what corn looks like do you know anything? Now, some of them had absolutely zero. I said, have you ever been to a farm, no sir, but I'm willing to learn?

I said this is what I want, and then I meet this guy named Sonny Perdue. Somebody said right and Sonny came. I remember that meeting so much and Sonny came into my office and by the way, David called and Sonny called also about Brian, right? You know that Brian? Both of them, but he comes into my office and I'm telling you to this day, I learned more about farming in that 45-minute meeting than I learned ever in my life.

I learned it all from you and you have done a great job and you've delivered 28 billion dollars, and I hear another 13 billion is coming to our farmers. He loves our farmers. He's been great. He's been an incredible Secretary of Agriculture, stand up again Sonny, come on. By the way, I guess he was also your governor for eight years right?

I don't even count that. I don't care about that, but you know he was a very popular governor. Brian, you know that he was very popular. He did a great job, but he was a governor for eight years, but he has been a fantastic secretary of agriculture. Thank you, Sonny. Glad, I could say it in front of your home friends, okay?

And State Representative Vernon Jones. How about Vernon? What a guy. Look at this. You know, I saw him on television a few months ago and he's talking about Trump is the greatest. He's the strongest. What he's done for our military, what he's done on the and I say he's a great guy. I wonder where he and I obviously I said, he's a Republican so and they put the thing on the bottom.

It says Vernon Jones, Democrat, from wherever the hell he comes from. I said there must be a typo he's better than any Republican. I can't believe it and then I checked him out and he's a Democrat who likes Trump and we love him, Vernon. Thank you. He's a popular guy. Amazing. Spoke at our convention and somebody who's doing a fantastic job.

Insurance Commissioner, John King John. Thank you. Great job, John. Appreciate it. Public Service Commissioners, Bubba McDonald and Tricia Pridemore. Thank you very much both. Thank you, Bob. Thank you. Thank you, Tricia. And somebody who better lead us to victory on, never speak to them again. We have a new state chairman of the Georgia GOP if we don't win, but we're going to win David Schaefer.

David. Thank you. How we doing, David? How we good way up. I heard I saw Paul -- were way up. Don't just pretend we're even you know they do in politics. David Perdue told me this, pretend you're one point down okay and then, work your ass off and then just sit home and watch. That's what happened four years ago was that the greatest evening ever, but this is going to be better.

This is got to be better. This is in its own way, even more, important. Candidates for Congress Andrew Clyde. Andrew. Thank you. That's great good luck. I heard you're doing really well. And somebody that I just think is fantastic. This one I never ever want to have her as my enemy, Marjorie Taylor Greene.

She is so unbelievable. You are so unbelievable. Thank you and I looked at some poll numbers here, you're really up, but just pretend you're one point down please, okay? But you're doing great. They love you. Thank you very much. Congratulations, great job, And finally, Angela Stanton-King. Angela. Great! Going to be another great victory.That's gonna be a great victory.

Thank you very much great job. Congratulations. And last but not least, we have a woman that won us the state of Michigan Ronna McDaniel. You know Ronna, was she was the chair of Michigan and she kept bringing me back and back and back, and I said who is this woman and then we won Michigan which hadn't and by the way, we're up in Michigan.

It was just enough. We have a lot of car companies moving into Michigan and they've moved it. Thank you. Thank you. He's done a fantastic job now when it came time to pick the head of the Republican National Committee. I said, who is that woman in Michigan that kept getting me back there every week? I get a call, sir, you have to come back, you can win Michigan.

I said Michigan hasn't been won in 38 years. She said, I'm telling you you're going to win. So I went back and back and each time I say, look, that's it. Ok, that's it! You know it's like a big deal. She said, no, that's okay, sir. That's it. The next day I get a call, you have to come back once more, and it was actually my last stop.

It was at 1:00 o'clock in the morning now, actually, election day, we had 32,000 people show up at 1:00 in the morning in Grand Rapids, right? Grand Rapids Michigan, and we ended up winning the state of Michigan first time, you know, in decades, many decades and now we're doing well. A poll just came out we're up in Michigan.

You know why? Because they had no car companies and no plants and no nothing for 44 years and they're building plants all over the state of Michigan because of me and they're coming in from Japan and they're coming in from Germany. They're building plants also and expanding plants, so I think Michigan likes us, we've done the job.

Thank you very much. Congratulations. Done a great job and get out there and these three candidates for Senate, you've got to get out. There really get out there and vote there. Unbelievable people, they're unbelievable. Three unbelievable people and we appreciate it. Under my administration, we built the greatest economy in the history of the world, which is true, there's never been anything like it, and now we are doing it again.

You know, I see these hats make America great again. So you know what I say: Make America Great Again, again. Make America Great Again, again. We had it done and then the plague came in from China and not forgetting that you watch, we're tariffing the hell out of them. We're getting so much money. We gave it our farmers were targeted, we gave it to our farmers Sonny so that's fine.

In my first three years, family income increased by $6,000\. Think of that $6,000 a family, more than five times the gains in all eight years under the Obama-Biden administration. Remember this, and I said it today and I never even thought of it, if they were good, I wouldn't be your president. I wouldn't have run if they were good.

I wouldn't have even run, but they were horrible. So I won. If they were good and I did run, I would have won because they would have done a good job and I wouldn't have won, they were horrible. They had Ferguson, they had all of the problems in different places. Oakland. They had tremendous. Baltimore, they had tremendous.

They had nothing but problems, it was a disaster, and anyway, and the trade deals with the worst and the Iran deal with $150 billion. We got nothing. And $1.8 billion in cash, African-American income grew nine times more. Nine times than it did under Biden and Obama. You know they called up David today they said, Sir, we have bad news.

What's the bad news? Obama is going to start campaigning for sleepy Joe, I said, is that good or bad? Why is it bad because he campaigned harder for Hillary than she did? Get on? He was very ineffective as a campaigner to be. I thought he was very ineffective. So I think that's good news, but if you remember, you just remember this, he was a vice president for eight years to Obama and Obama refused to endorse him.

He wouldn't endorse him, you know why? Because he knows he's mentally shot. He shot. And Obama, look, I mean he's a patriot and he says, I can't you can have a guy like this and then he ended up lucking out because Warren wouldn't get out of the race, and so they were splitting up the vote and what did he do?

He wouldn't do it. It took him forever to make the endorsement David right. It took him forever and finally because he couldn't believe it, he couldn't believe this guy won, but they said he's going to be campaigning for him. Just remember what I said, he never thought it was possible that he won and then even after he won, he couldn't do it, but he finally got it done to bring opportunity security, fairness, and prosperity to black communities, I recently announced the platinum plan, which is a big deal.

We will create three million new jobs for black Americans, increase access to capital, restore safety to every neighborhood, and we will deliver school choice, which is the most important thing. We're doing that. All done, and remember this, and I say this and some people think it's like a lot, but it's true.

Don't challenge me, with the exception of Abraham Lincoln, nobody has done more for the black community than Donald Trump and it's true. I got criminal justice reform. That was me. That was not anybody else, but me they came to see me. I got criminal justice reform done. Prison reform, opportunity zones done with Tim Scott from South Carolina, great Senator great man.

Great person was a great great person, and I got all of this stuff done. Opportunity zones and we did historically black colleges and universities every year. They would come up the heads of these colleges and universities, black colleges and universities, really good people, and after the third year, I said, how come you keep coming because they didn't have any deal so every year they had it come.

I said, what do you feel like? He said, one man great guy. He said I feel like a beggar because every year would come up and beg for money. I got them 10 year, absolute funding. Historically black colleges, Obama wouldn't do it. Biden wouldn't do it. Nobody did it, I did it. Just remember criminal justice reform.

That's the biggest thing. Biden has vowed to ban school choice and charter schools devastating the black community. We've spent the last four years, reversing the damage that Joe Biden inflicted over the last 47 years with his stupidity. He backed NAFTA. He backed TPP which would have been a disaster if I didn't stop it and China's entry into the World Trade Organization, one of the worst things that's ever happened to our country.

For decades, our politicians spent trillions of dollars rebuilding foreign nations. Fighting foreign wars, countries that you've never even heard of, and defending foreign borders, but we didn't defend our own borders, but now we're finally protecting our nation, rebuilding our cities, and we are bringing our jobs, our factories, and our troops back home to the USA, about time.

They're all coming home. They're all coming home. We invested $2.5 trillion in the U.S. military and launched the first new branch of the United States Armed Forces in 75 years, so necessary the Space Force and they helped us get it approved. And for our great veterans. We passed V.A. Choice and V.A. Accountability, and you heard two weeks ago, we've got a 91 percent approval rating from our vets.

First time this ever happened. We took over 100 percent of the ISIS caliphate in Iraq and Syria and when I took over, that was a mess. And we killed the leader of ISIS, who is trying to reform ISIS, Al-Baghdadi is dead. We took out the world's number one terrorist and the mass murder of American troops and troops all over the world, and many many people, Soleimani, is dead.

I withdrew from the last administration's disastrous Iran nuclear deal. They spent $150 billion to Iran that they used for terror. $1.8 billion in cash. I terminated, by the way, my first phone call. If we win we'll be from the head of Iran, saying, let's make a deal. Their economy is in tatters right now.

They went down 27% GDP. I've never even heard of such a thing, but you know what, we don't want that. We want them to do fine, but they can never have a nuclear weapon. I recognize the true capital of Israel and open the American bank and open the American embassy in Jerusalem, and it's all built. It's all built.

It's all built. We got it. Not only did we get it approved, I got the building built, I said, find the building on a site that we own and they came to me. You know that story they're going to spend $2 billion to build an embassy. As that sounds like a lot -- and I called our great ambassador, I said David, do we have any land in Jerusalem?

He said, yeah we have a great site. I said take a look at it, call me. Calls me said, there's a building on the site. We can renovate it. We're going to spend anywhere from a billion to two billion dollars right, I said, Well, let's do this, Can we do something? Yes, he calls me back a week later and said, sir, we can renovate the building fully for $350 thousand dollars and we have already.

Thank you. It's first time in my life and my business career I ever did this. I said David, it's too cheap. It doesn't sound good. Normally I'd say, let's make it 250\. I said David make it like 500 thousand and use Jerusalem stone. I have a friend Ron Barron, smart guy. He's so proud he's got Jerusalem stone in his lobby of his office building and I said, can you get Jerusalem stone?

He said yeah, we're in Jerusalem. I said that's good. The whole place is Jerusalem stone and it was cheap as hell, I'll tell you. So we built this building for under $500 thousand and it's been open for a long time and every president for many many decades has said they were going to do it and not one of them got it done, and I got it done and got the building built.

I also recognize Israeli sovereignty over the Golan Heights. 52 years they were working on, they were working on it for 52 years, I got in about two and a half hours and instead of endless war, we are forging peace in the Middle East without blood all over the sand. You see what's going on? UAE, Bahrain, and we have countries lined up to sign.

The fact is, I did more in 47 months than sleepy Joe Biden did in 47 years and now the Democrats are pushing the most far-left agenda ever put forward by a presidential nominee. The Biden plan would destroy Social Security and destroy protections for pre-existing conditions. People with pre-existing conditions are never going to get it.

Their plan, and this green new deal will destroy our country. It's crazy. You know when I first heard it, I thought they were joking. Actually, I thought -- Oh, not even cows, do they want. They don't want cows. I think they gave up on that one, but they didn't really give up. They will never give up Biden's running mate, sponsored a bill to outlaw private health insurance, 180 million people that love their private plans right?

They love their private plans. Those plans are going to be gone. Biden vowed to terminate our travel bans on jihadist regions and surge refugee admissions. 700 percent opening the floodgates to radical Islamic terrorism. Your state in your country will be overrun and overwhelmed, will have no money and we will indeed be another Venezuela very large-scale version.

A vote for Republicans is a vote for safe communities, great jobs, and a limitless future for all Americans. It's a vote for the American dream. It's the American dream and we're going to have it bigger and better than we ever had before. And in conclusion over the next four years, we will make America into the manufacturing superpower of the world and we will end our reliance on China once and for all.

it's already taken place. We will hire more police, increased penalties for assaults on law enforcement, and we will ban deadly sanctuary cities. We will uphold religious liberty, free speech, and the right to keep and bear arms. Second amend -- we will strike down terrorists who threaten our citizens and we will keep America out of these absolutely ridiculous, endless foreign wars.

Our troops are coming home, we will maintain America's unrivaled military might and we will ensure peace through strength. And I want to tell you, we have the greatest weapons, much of it built ever in the history of any country in the world. We are the envy of China and Russia and North Korea and everybody and when I came here, one of our most overrated generals in the world told me, one of the most overrated generals, he said, sir, we have no ammunition, and I said, no president should ever-ever hear that and now we have ammunition like you wouldn't believe, but we have rockets and we have missiles and we have tanks and we have F-35s and all sorts of aircraft, tankers and bombers -- and you only hope to God -- we never have to use it, that's all.

But we are the envy of the world. We have rebuilt our military, $2.5 trillion and we have never had anything like it. So just hope we never have to use it. We will end surprise medical billing. Require price transparency and further reduce the cost of prescription drugs .they'll be coming down 80%, 90%, 70%. We will strongly protect Medicare and Social Security and we will always protect patients with pre-existing conditions, so important.

America will land the first woman on the moon in the United States. We'll be the first nation to land an astronaut on Mars and that's moving along rapidly, and we will stop the radical indoctrination of our students and restore patriotic education to our schools. We will teach our children to love our country, honor our history, and always respect our great American flag.

And we will live by the timeless words of our national motto. In God. We Trust. In God. We Trust. For years you had a president who apologized for America. Now, you have a president who is standing up for America and standing up for the great state of Georgia. I love Georgia. Early voting is underway so get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors, get your co-workers, get your boss.

If you have a boss, say, boss, you come with me right now and get out and vote early. Get out and vote. A giant red wave is coming from Atlanta to Augusta, from Savannah to Columbus, and from Marietta to right here in Macon, Georgia. Macon, Georgia, we inherit the legacy of Georgia Patriots who gave their blood sweat, and tears for this beloved nation.

We stand on the shoulders of American heroes who cross the oceans blazed the trails, settle the continent and tame the wilderness, dug out the Panama Canal, laid down the railroads, raised up the giant skyscrapers, won two World Wars, defeated fascism and communism, and made America the single greatest nation in the history of the world, and we are making it greater every single day.

Proud citizens like you helped build this country and together we are taking back our country. We are returning power to you, the American people, with your help, your devotion, and your drive, we are going to keep on working, we are going to keep on fighting and we are going to keep on winning, winning, winning.

We are one movement, one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God, and together with the incredible people of Georgia, we have made America wealthy again. We have made America strong again. We have made America proud again. We will make America safe again, and we will make America Great Again. Thank you, Georgia. Thank you very much.