Wow, thank you very much. That was a little bit of a surprise. That was a surprise. Thank you, Melania. Good job. They love our First Lady. They love our First Lady.  And America is blessed to have you. Thank you very much, Honey. That was good. So I'm thrilled to be here in my, our home state, Florida.

I love this state and I love the people of this state. And five days from now, we are going to win Florida. We are going to win four more years in the White House. And we're going on to win a record share of the Hispanic American vote. You see what's happening? Ah, they're very concerned back there, the fake news, they are so concerned.

Melania, you don't know too much about them. You've seen enough, but they are very unhappy. You know what's happening, don't you? You see what's happening. We've led Florida every single day. What's going on? This is a terrible thing for them. Actually, it's a good thing for them. They just don't know it.

They haven't quite figured that out yet. Now we're doing incredibly in Florida. We're doing incredibly all over. And this isn't based on polls. This is based on fact. This is based on votes that are coming in. But you have to get out and vote. We are creating the greatest red wave in the history of our country.

Oh, it's been amazing. We'll talk about it in a little while. I wanna get some of the little introductions and introductory things out. But we have to talk about the, uh -- what's going on in our country with the big tech. You know the power of big tech? They're incredible. They're incredible.  No, no, no.

I heard about the power for a long time. The power of big tech. I heard about it four years ago. "Sir, big tech is against you. They're tremendously powerful. You can't beat them." Then we had the election, and we won. I said, "Oh, how did that happen?" And the fake news media, 94% of the stories about us are negative.

Think of it. Think of it. 64% of the stories about sleepy Joe are positive. How the hell do you have a positive story about this guy? How do you have a positive story about him? This election is a choice between my plan to deliver historic, and you know what this is going to be, right? Historic, this is historic prosperity.

Another major tax cut to go along with the biggest tax cut in the history of our country. And record job growth. And Joe Biden's plan is to deliver punishing lockdowns. He's going to lock you down. And Florida's all opened up. You have a great governor. Did he speak too long today or not? No. No, I watched him on the plan.

I said, "Oh look, there' Ron." You know, they have the little thing in the box. I said, "Oh look, there's Ron. He's speakin'." He looked like he was up there a long time. No. She said yes.  Ah, he's a great governor. You have a great governor. He's a great guy. They wanna give you massive tax hikes.

This is the first time that I've ever seen -- I've been with politics all my life essentially. Only doing this for a few years on this side of it. But we've done well, haven't we? What do ya think? A senator came into my office and said, "Sir," an older guy, nice guy, pro, total pro, "Sir, I've been in nine races and I've won seven of them, so.

And I'm a United States Senator." I said, "Senator, I've been in one race and I've won one." Now we wanna win two, but won -- "but it was the presidency." We took them all by surprise, didn't we? We took them by surprise. They're still trying to recover. And you will have a crippling depression the likes of which you've never seen if sleepy Joe becomes your president.

And your 401Ks, throw 'em out the window, because you know what's going to happen. And you know our stock market has a big headwind. The headwind is if he wins and we are doing good. Did you see the numbers today? 33.1 GDP, the biggest in the history of our country by almost triple, right? Almost triple.

Now, it's, uh, very much bigger than any GDP we've ever had. You have to go back to the 1950s, and then it's less than half. This is the greatest number. 33.1%. If you ask me two weeks ago, I would have said, "I'll take 12%." 12% would have been very nice. Nobody ever heard of 12%. 33.1. And let me tell you what they're going to do.

I never even thought of this one. They won't even talk about it. This is the biggest event in business in 50 years. Nobody's ever seen a number like this. This is bigger than any nation. No nation has a number like that. Other nations right now, they're -- Look, we were compared to Europe. Germany is doing so well.

France is doing so well. Everyone's doing so well. No they're not doing well. And, you take a look at what's going on, and we want the best for them. We're on their team. We want to work with them and everything else. But they're not doing well. They're spiking up big. They're shutting down. They're locking down.

I disagree with that, because we're never going to lock down again. We locked down. We understood the disease. And now we're open for business. And that's what it is. And that's what it is. This explosive economic growth is four times greater than what the experts expected. They expected a number that would be like, 7%, 8%. But here's what's going to happen.

You're gonna go back home. You're going to say, "That was incredible. Melania was unbelievable. The governor, the governor was incredible. He-I've never heard anybody speak like that. Trump was okay too. Not bad." But we have no choice, we have to vote for Trump. Because it's between Trump and Sleepy Joe, and anybody beats Sleepy Joe.

I could take a couple of these guys. They're friends of mine. They're not good people. They're better than Joe. I will tell you. No, do you believe what I'm running against? I'm running against the worst candidate in the history of presidential politics. I don't care. Win, lose, or draw. This is the worst candidate in the history.

He shouldn't be there. Because Pocahontas kept going instead of getting out. Then it would have been against Bernie, which, would have been fine too. You know what? You would have had a more energetic base if we had Bernie. That's one thing. Because I don't know if they have a base. Here's what happened.

He goes for a speech. They're showing you thousands and thou -- Look, as far as the, all the way back to that building, as far as the eye can see. And Biden is leaving his basement today. He took the lid off. You know what he does? He takes the lid off, runs to the closest part of Delaware. Like if he can get a little piece of Pennsylvania.

People in Pennsylvania are wise to him. They know all about his, "No fracking, no fracking, no fracking." Then he gets to Pennsylvania. He learns it's a million jobs. And by the way, Pennsylvania. They give us, that you can fire up your factories. They give us the energy. And it's inexpensive energy. So he goes to Pennsylvania.

All of a sudden he changes. "Yes, uh, I have nothing against fracking." And the press doesn't call him out on it. Right? And they don't call him out on, where's Hunter. They don't call him out. "Where's Hunter?" Where's Hunter? Is Hunter in the crowd? They don't call him out.  They don't call him out on where's Hunter.

Ah, it's crazy. It's crazy. You know, some people said, I get a call from all the experts, right? Guys that ran for President, six, seven, eight times. Never got past the first round. But they're calling me up. "Sir, you shouldn't be speaking about Hunter. You shouldn't be saying bad things about Biden because nobody cares." I disagree, you know?

Maybe that's why I'm here and they're not. But -- They say, they say talk about your economic success. Talk about 33.1%, the greatest in history. Now look, if I do, I mean, how many times can I say it? I'll say it five or six times during the speech. 33.1. But you look at that, and you look at Tucker Carlson, what he did the other night.  And followed up by Sean.

And followed up by Laura. And the next day, nothing at all, right? Nothing. Nothing in The New York Times. The fake New York Times. Hey, how about Anonymous? Did we see Anonymous? Hello staffer, Anonymous turned out to be a guy. I'm trying to figure out. I don't know who the hell this guy is. So The New York Times said, "A senior White House official." Nobody knew who he was.

This was a -- Look, we are in big trouble with the press. They are truly the enemy of the people. They are the enemy of the people. So, this guy, this guy he goes out, this low life -- Well, I'd never, I never saw him but I think he has a picture of me standing there like I do with thousands of people. This low life goes out and he writes a book.

By the way, when he left he had nothing but praise for the Trump, "Oh, it's incredible, incredible." Then, somebody gets him at the New York Times, the fake New York Times, and all of a sudden he becomes nasty, and he writes, and they say, "A top White House official." Well, he was a staffer, low, had nothing to do with the White House.

He had nothing to do --  -- and he goes in, and you know what there should be major criminal liability for some scum like this. And, you know, for a year everybody walks into my office, Secretary of State, Pompeo. I could name every one of them, all good people. I'm looking at them and I'm saying, "I'm wondering if that could be the one," right.

And, it turns out to be this low life that nobody knows who the hell he is. He had nothing to do with us. I don't think I ever met him, and I might have met him, I think somebody said he has a picture of me standing someplace. This is a disgrace to our country. It shouldn't have happened, and he should be prosecuted.

Are you listening to me back in Washington? He should be prosecuted, along with the New York Times, because it was a story made up. It was fake news made up by the New York Times. And you know who he works for now? CNN. He works for CNN, right there.  See the camera right there with the light that just went off.

It just. See that, Honey, that red light just went off. Fake news CNN, and Anderson Cooper --  And Anderson Cooper asked him, "Are you Anonymous?" And he lied to him. He said, "No," essentially. He said, "No, I'm not," and he works for CNN. I would think CNN would be firing him about that, but this is a real low life.

Do you know who else he works for? Google. He works for Google. I think Google should fire him very quickly, because bad things are going to happen to him. But, think of what he does to our government, right. It's like a horrible treasonous, horrible thing that you can do this and you can get away with it.

Weekly jobless claims, -- this is boring but it's really good, -- just hit a seven-month low. In other words from the beginning of the pandemic, seven months ago. No, we're going to have next year the best year we've ever had economically, and it's true. Biden is holding back the stock market because, you know, it's an election.

Crazy things could happen. Maybe 100% of the people in Florida decide not to vote, you know. You never know, but we have a headwind so it's gone down a little bit over the last few days because, you know, you're coming close, and it could be. We're gonna win this election so big. You watch. You watch. We're gonna win so big.

That's the only reason the market's going down. The market's going down because if he gets in, seriously you're going to have one of the worst depressions we've ever had. You're going to have, and John Roberts from Fox is back there, and I think he agrees. And John Roberts is very unhappy because he doesn't want his 401K to go down the tubes.

Now, John's treated us very fairly, not perfect. He's not perfect, I will say, but he's been over all pretty good. He's pretty good. So, CNN, Google, we got to do something about all of it. New York Times is fake, it's fake. They write so many fake stories. Thanks to our policies America is experiencing the fastest and biggest recovery.

We're having the best recovery anywhere in the world. No other country, small or large, is recovering like us. Think about it. In the past five months we've created a record 11.4 million American jobs, the fastest job growth in the history of our country. Our job growth has been 23 times faster than the first five months under Obama/Biden recovery which was, by the way, the worst recovery since the Great Depression.

You do know that, right? Just, you know, because all, all Biden does he talks about COVID, right? He doesn't call it the China Virus. You know why? Because China has him paid off. He can't use that term. You know, they gave his son one and a half billion to manage. He makes millions of dollars of year, I assume, right?

The smartest guys on Wall Street said, "No, sir. That could not have happened. We can't get it." No, he got -- It took him about, what, 10 minutes. He walked in, he walked out with one and a half billion. Hey, maybe he's not so stupid after all, right? That's the only thing. I thought he was so dumb. Maybe he's not as dumb as we think.

He can't -- Look, he cannot take on China.  I didn't say anything. The problem is Biden is totally -- The biggest story, no, the second biggest story. The worst was when they spied on my campaign and they got caught. That's the biggest political corruption story in the history of our country, but this could very well be second.

And we have what's called the laptop from hell. The laptop from hell. From what I've understood, you only have seen a tiny portion of it. But you know what the press is now doing? They're blaming Russia. It's Russia did it. Russia's the one that created the laptop. And Russia brought it into that little shop to have it fixed.

Russia. I think Russia's looking at us and saying, "Those people are stone cold crazy. This is" -- No, it was Russia's fault. They said it loud and clear. It was Russia, Russia, Russia. Aren't we tired of this crap? I saw Schiff. I saw Schiff the other day, two days ago, watermelon. You know, he looks like a watermelon head, right?

Remember he lied in the halls of Congress? He read my conversation with the president of Ukraine, but it wasn't my conversation. Hey, how great do we love those people that took down the language? Professional military people. Word for word for word. If I didn't have it, it would have been my word against Shifty Schiff, right?

Eight times he said quid pro quo. Think of what that means. Eight times you've asked for the same thing. The guy on the other -- After the third time, the guy on the other side would say, "He's got some serious problems." I don't even know him. I called him to say congratulations on becoming president of Ukraine.

And for that I got impeached. But you know what we have? We have a lot of great Republicans and I hope you're going to be voting for those Republicans also. Great Republicans. We have one of them here, Mark Meadows. Has anyone ever heard of Mark Meadows? It took my three years to get him out of Congress and become Chief of Staff.

He's great. He's here. He was one of our great ones. And you know who helped me a lot? It, honestly, in fact I said, "Don't run for governor, Ron. Stay exactly where" -- He was a congressman, your governor, right? There he is. Look at Mark. He's out there working with the phone. He's got the phone going.

He uses 201 time, right? But your governor was another one. He stood up. You know, he's Harvard and Yale. Do you know that? Your governor. He doesn't talk about it. He doesn't talk about it. But he would be on television defending me and fighting for me. There was a group, Jim Jordan. Did anyone ever hear of Jim Jordan?

Jim Jordan, 128 and one. You know, Jim was an NCAA wrestling champion, one of the best. One of the best. He was a great one. He was a great one. And you know, when you win like he won, he won everything. When you win like that, it's also right here. It's muscle, but it's got to be muscle attached to a lot of brain, right?

You guys know. The athletes know that. But Jim was great, and uh, but Ron was, Ron was fantastic, your governor. He asked me, he said, "Would you support me for governor?" I said, "No, not really. I'd rather have you stay right where you are, you know. You're doing a good job of defending me." But think of it, what we had to do, and we got 197 to nothing in the House.

Think of that. 197 to none. And then we went to the Senate and we had 52 and a half to a half. You know who the half was, but that's okay. That was the guy that Sleepy Joe Biden, he couldn't remember his name. Remember he said the guy from, uh, the guy from, isn't he, the governor from that place, uh, Utah.

Utah. I don't know his name. I can't remember his name. It was Romney. No, Sleepy Joe's a little bit off. Let's face it, Sleepy Joe is shot. And, and I'm not a fan of his. And he's not a nice guy. Just, you know, I'd feel better -- If he was a nice guy, I couldn't say these things. He's not a nice guy. Now he doesn't remember whether or not he used to be a nice guy.

He was never considered smart. He was a touchy feely guy. You know those guys? Touchy feely. But not a nice guy, not a smart guy. Our incredible first lady is sitting here right now and she's saying, and she's saying to herself, "I wonder if all rallies are like this?" Now, most of them are a little bit different, but that's okay.

You know why, honey? We're in Florida. This is like home. This is home. Right? This is home. We say it like it is. We say it like it is. We created the greatest economy in history, and now we are doing it again. See all that hat? That beautiful hat. It's Make American Great Again. Right? We're gonna make a new one.

It's Make America Great Again Again. We did it. Right?  We did it. Now we're doing it it again. My first lady wants to do it again. Under my leadership, the Florida tourism industry and hospitality industry will come roaring back very soon. It's ready to happen. We're making the turn. We've got the vaccines coming very soon.

The FDA has worked miracles. They had no choice. They had to. This would've taken, if Joe was in charge, you wouldn't have a vaccine for four years. I was going to say he was in charge of the Swine Flu. He calls it N1h1. It's actually H1N1. I say Joe, it's not. It's H1. H comes. It's easy because H comes before N. I said, Joe, Joe, that's what it is.

I said, just call it Swine Flu. You don't have to call it, don't, the numbers are too complicated. Three days ago he said, "I'm a proud Democrat running for the United States Senate and I hope I -- " You can't put the, look, we can't play games. You know, you've seen enough. Have you seen enough? This is crazy.

But based on the early numbers I've seen, I think you understand exactly what I'm talking about. You know, we have the potential. We have the greatest country in the world. But we have the potential to go to places that we've never been, in a positive manner. We can, the potential of our country is so incredible.

And you see it happening already. You look at Germany, you look at all of these countries, they're now locked down. They've got a lot of problems. You look at our numbers, look at our recovery. Fastest recovery. We went down the least, economically. Went down by far. As much as it's painful and terrible, we went down the least.

We've done an incredible job. It was projected that we would lose 2.2 million people. Right? The projections were 2.2 million. By the way, we shouldn't have lost one person. China should've never let this happen. They should've never let it escape. And we will not forget. We will not forget. Biden's agenda will devastate the Hispanic American community.

He betrayed Hispanic Americans for 47 years. He's been very bad to the Hispanic Americans. And what is happening with those poll numbers? I have the highest numbers. We are now, according to the polls, some show, which are real polls, we are now beating the Democrats for the first time ever, with Hispanic Americans.

First time ever. First time ever. And I've always loved them and I think they've always loved me. First time ever. First time ever. And the fakers back there are going crazy. And now, Biden wants to close your small businesses and confiscate your guns, Second Amendment. Don't worry about it. The Second Amendment.

While letting far left rioters, looters and vandals roam free. Look what he's doing in Philadelphia. Look what's happening. Those are people that he's supporting. He couldn't even come out against them yesterday. They asked him a question. He said, "Uh, what's Philadelphia? Where is it?" He didn't know what state it was in.

Other than that, he's doing a wonderful job. Could you imagine? Could you imagine losing to this guy? Could you imagine? Our first lady will have to say, "Darling, I don't know. This is impossible." But you have to be very careful when you say that. You know, whenever I say anything that even uses the word losing, the fake news said, "He is thinking about losing." This is a big story.

President Trump thinks he's gonna lose. No, I don't. I don't. I think you're gonna lose. And I think you've lost all credibility.  And our elegant First Lady sits and she says, "What the hell is happening here?" This election is a choice between the American dream and a socialist nightmare.

That's what it is. It's socialism. Venezuela. I used to say Venezuela on steroids. This is, this would be, if they got in, a very, very, very large version of Venezuela, and it can happen with the Green New Deal and all these crazy -- You know, look, AOC plus three. I heard she's very insulted that I call her AOC.

I'm not. I call her AOC plus three. That's the three characters that I -- like Ilhan Omar. I'm gonna win Minnesota because of Ilhan Omar.  She tells us how to run our country. She's telling us how to run our country. I don't think so. Ilhan Omar. So, we're gonna win the state of Minnesota for two reasons, her and the fact that when Minneapolis had their problem, they should have called us sooner, but when they called us, how long did it take? 25 minutes.

It was extinguished. We could have done it in the first hour instead of waiting for a week and a half. But the governors, they have to call, and I give the governor credit. He eventually called. He eventually called. They should call us, I'll tell you, Oregon. They should call us in Portland. Oh, would I love to go in with the anarchists.

They would last 15 minutes. Our guys, you know, you've got to like hold them back. They want to -- "Let us in, sir. We'd like to go in." I meet them. I see troops. "Sir, we'd like to go into Oregon. We'll take care of it." I say, "Just calm down. Just calm down." It wouldn't take them long. It would take them about 15 -- How long?

And then we'd, well we'd do things, and then eventually they'd end up going home about 10 years later. Back home to mom and dad where they started in the basement. Antifa. You know Antifa?  So, Biden called it an idea. He said Antifa's just an idea. I said, "No, when you get hit over the head behind your back with a baseball bat, that's not an idea.

That's not an idea." But he called, didn't he call the United States, he called the United States an idea too. I said, "No, no. It's not an idea. The United States is a great nation." That's what it is. It's not an idea. He called us an idea, so he puts us in the same category as Antifa. As long as I am president, America will never be a socialist country, and I say it all the time.

This election will decide whether our children will be condemned to the misery of socialism or whether they will inherit the glorious legacy of American freedom. This election will decide whether the Biden-Harris -- How about her?  How about her? I'll tell you what, when our great Vice President Mike Pence debated her, it was a total, you know the expression, if it were a fight, they would have ended it.

Within two days, they were saying, the fake news, she did magnificently well against Mike Pence. No, no. No. That's what happens, you know, you do great, great, great. Two days later, you realize they have it down that you lost. No, Mike did fantastically. He's a great Vice President. He works very hard.

I'll tell you one thing, you know, his kids are on the military and they're teachers. I guarantee you one thing, Mike Pence has not made hundreds of millions of dollars by scamming foreign countries, because that's what they've done. They've made hundreds of millions of dollars, and they can't -- and nobody wants to talk about it.

Look at that. Oh, are they doing that on purpose? Are they friend or foe? I don't, I actually felt good. I felt water on my face. I said, "Where the hell is that coming from?" They may be doing that on purpose. Let's find out if they're friend or foe, and if they're foe, let's take care of those son-of-a-bitches, huh.

Look at that. Are you okay? Oh look, they're hitting the press. They're, they're -- That's okay. Oh, there go the cameras. There goes the million dollars worth of equipment. Look at that. Wow. That's cool actually. And I'll tell the media, I have nothing to do with that, but it is sort of like calling -- I'm feeling like a little --  That's great.

You know, it's it's amazing. It's amazing. And I say it all the time. Cause we've liked Ronald Regan, we've liked a lot of -- you know people. Mostly they're stiffs. Mostly. Generally speaking, they don't do the job, right? But we've had good ones like Ronald Regan. He's the one I think about. But nobody ever chanted first of all, he'd never get a crowd like this.

He'd have two or three hundred people and they'd be in a ball room. That would be that was like the norm. Nobody had you had to see yesterday, we had 35-40,000 people. We were in Arizona the day before, two days before. We were in Pennsylvania, we did three in Pennsylvania. One bigger than the next, like this.

And you know what's common? The love. It's all the same. The love is incredible (cheering). The love for our country. It's the love for our country. But there's never been a chant "We love you" -- I'm watching this guy here, he looks like he could take on anybody in the world. He's a big strong guy. I don't think he's ever cried in his life before and I see him wiping away tears, "we love you, we love you." This guy, he hasn't cried since he was a baby and probably didn't cry then either.

And now he's crying. No, there has never been that chant before and I appreciate it. And I'll cry, that's why I ended early. I'll I'll cry except I don't want them to say, "Your President broke down in tears today." I don't know, that's not cool. We don't want we don't want President Xi of China to say, "Gee." I just saw something that surprises me.

You know, we've taken billions and billions of dollars out of China. We gave $28,000,000,000 to our farmers. Twenty-eight, right out of China. I don't wanna have -- But then the plague came in, right? Then the plague came in. That sort of everything you know we made a great deal with China. The ink wasn't dry before the plague came in, so it's a whole different feeling.

I will say, three weeks ago, they ordered more cor -- corn, more soybeans, more beef than at any time in the history of this country. So they obviously think I'm going to win. They obviously think we are going to win. And they wanna make us happy but we're not happy because that should have been stopped.

And it's not here, all over the world you see what's going on. Europe, it's so sad. But you see what's going on, 188 countries all over the world. What China has done to this World, what they've done -- People come up to me, they're clothed in masks and stuff and this, "Hello President, hello Pre-". I said, "Look, look at this." What China has done to our Country --  What China wha -- I may do that, you better be careful.

What China has done to this country, what it's not the first time either. (Crowd chanting) "Make them pay." No, they're paying. They're paying. But you can never pay for 200,00 more lives. You can never pay for that. Yeah, we can we can make them pay plenty. But uh, 210,000 lives. But it would have been 2,000,000 lives.

It's incredible the job that we've done and that the American people have done. This could have been 2,000,000 lives. They said 2.2 million lives. No, they're gonna pay. We believe in safe streets, secure communities, and we believe in law and order, not like in Philadelphia. And they can't let that happen.

They can't let the looters run wild, they can't do it. You can't. You either have law and order, or you don't. Philadelphia can't do what they're doing and they have good police in Philadelphia. They like Trump, I can tell you -- I've got I've been endorsed by every law enforcement group. New York's Finest, they endorsed me.

They've never endorsed a presidential candidate. New York's Finest endorsed me. It was a great honor because I grew up with New York's Finest then they are, they're incredible people. They're not being allowed to do their job. They've been way he cut back a billion dollars he took back, and now crime is way up.

It's not even the money. They're not being allowed they're incredible people. Tough as hell, fair, they love our country. They're not being allowed, in New York, to do our job between the governor and the mayor. They are being just absolutely and they wanna leave, they wanna get out. They have plenty of other opportunity.

They don't need the danger, that's a dangerous job for all police. But we've been endorsed by New York. We were endorsed by Chicago Police. The Chicago Police, that's tough. (cheering) We've been endorsed by all of your sheriffs. You have sheriffs, you have great tough sheriffs. I know many of them. But the sheriffs, we had a big ceremony two months ago in Florida.

Ron was there. You were endorsed we got endorsed by the sheriffs. All law enforcement all over Florida. And I asked sleepy Joe at the debate I said, "Joe, name one law enforcement agency, just one in the whole country that endorsed you," he couldn't do it remember, but then Chris Wallace saved him. I had two people, I was, I was going against Chris Wallace and him.  Chris, Chris was much tougher, actually.

Chris was tougher than Joe. And then I said, "Joe say the words law and order." "No." "Say the words law and order, Joe, say them." And then Chris Wallace, "He doesn't have to do that." "Oh, okay, Chris, thanks." No, I like Chris's father a lot better than I like him. Mike Wallace, the great Mike Wallace.

You know, he did me on 60 Minutes, it was a great -- it was one of the few good pieces you know, he was a tough guy. Chris tries to be like him but he doesn't have what it takes. But Mike Wallace was a tough, tough guy. And he did me on 60 Minutes and it was a great piece. He's never recovered from that originally but he's, he passed away.

He was a great guy and a great, great reporter. I'll tell you and he was a friend of mine. He was a friend of mine. That didn't mean much to Chris. All we want is fairness, right? And I will tell you, Kristen Welker, I thought she was very good, I really do. I thought, she, she shouldn't have been because she was far left.

Her family's a supporter of Democrats, her father's a big supporter of Democrats. She's a supporter of Democrats, should have been very unfair. I think she went out of her way. And most people say she wasn't, wasn't really fair to me. But she was because she always gave me 10 seconds. She said, "Okay." Chris should have done that, you have 10 seconds. 10 seconds to me is like an eternity.

We did a lot of damage in that 10 seconds, including to get him to admit that he doesn't want oil. He doesn't want oil. I said Texas and Pennsylvania, and Ohio, are you listening? Are you listening? And you'll see they were listening on November 3rd, I'm sorry, you'll have to wait till November 3rd. Texas, Pennsylvania, Ohio, Oklahoma, North Dakota, they're all listening.

And you're listening because you don't want your energy prices to go through the roof, right? And Michigan was listening because they want to produce cars. And they don't want to spend all that money on energy when they're producing all of those factories that I got to go back to Michigan, and go back to Ohio, and go back to North Carolina, and start brand new.

And I'd see Prime Minister Abe of Japan, I'd say, "Prime Minister, we're tired of taking your millions of cars. You got to let us have factories." "Well, we can't do that. This is a private decision." "No, no, it's not you got to do it." "But that is not government." I said, "You're a powerful man, Shinzo." He just retired.

Unfortunately, he got ill but he was a great man. He a great Prime Minister, great guy too. But I said, "Shinzo, you have to do it, I'm sorry. We're not going to take your cars. You got to make them in this country, in our country." And he said, "I can't do that but let me work on it." The following morning, five major Japanese companies announced they were coming to America and they did.

I called them up I said, "Shinzo, I know you had nothing to do with it but thank you anyway." No, they run it, they run it tough over in Japan and China, and these other places. Tuesday, your vote is going to save our country. Most important election we've ever had, we're going defeat, we are going to defeat the Marxists and the socialists, and the rioters, and the flag burdens, and the left wing extremist.

We are going to defeat the anarchists, . With your support, we will fight for American workers. We will defend our Second Amendment, don't worry it's very safe. If Biden got in, your Second Amendment is gone so fast, you know that. Support our police, protect our borders, expand school choice, so important.

Ensure more products are proudly stamped with that beautiful phrase, Made in the USA, and that's what's gonna happen. My plan for America will deliver a safe vaccine. You're gonna have it in a few weeks. It's coming very quickly. Great companies, Johnson and Johnson, Moderna, Pfizer, many, many companies, you're gonna have it.

Seniors will be first in line to get it. And we will make it available to everybody free. It's not your fault, it's not your fault. We're protecting our seniors. You know, if you're a senior and if you have a heart condition, if you have any kind of a certain type, especially diabetes, you're in big trouble if you get hit by the China virus, big, big trouble.

So we're gonna make that vaccine. We're gonna make it free and it's coming from great, great firms. Our vaccine will eradicate the virus, and by the way, we have it. But whether we have it or not, it's rounding the turn. It's rounding the turn. Hey, excuse me, I'm sure you didn't hear. Nobody heard this, right?

I had it, did you know that? I had to get back on the trail. I said, "This is not good timing." And I got better very quickly. Uh, First Lady had it. She had it. And she got better very quickly. But I'll tell you who had it also. The doctor went to the First Lady and myself and said, "Barron has tested positive." I said, "Excuse me, doctor?

Tested positive for what?" "He's got COVID." I said, "Okay." Then about 12 minutes later I said, "Doctor, doctor, how's Barron doing?" He's our very tall son. Very tall. Has anybody noticed he's slightly tall? He's 14 and I'm saying, "Hello, Barron." Nah, he's great. But he's strong. But I, I said, like 12 minutes later, "Dr.

Sean -- " Great doctor. We have great doctors. One thing, when you are president, you have a lot of doctors. Johns Hopkins, I wanna thank them. Walter Reed Medical Center, incredible. I mean, Doc Ronny is now a Congressman from Texas. How 'bout that? Doc Ronny. He was before Sean and Sean is now, oh yeah.

Sean has been great. But Sean came up, along with other doctors, that Barron had it. About 12 seconds later I said, "How's Barron doing?" "Oh, he's okay. He's . It's gone." It was gone like in two minutes. I said, "Hey, how come that doesn't happen with me?" But I wasn't bad. You know, it was like a day.

But they gave me a drug, Moderna. Who the hell knows? This was, oh, uh, this was a very -- Moderna makes it. I'll tell you who makes it really a great version, they say. Eli Lilly. Right? Regeneron. And they gave it to me and I woke up the next morning and I felt I could've taken the toughest, meanest person in this room.

Regeneron. Now I don't know whether or not it worked. I like to think it had no impact. I made a statement. I said, "Well, I'm in no trouble because I'm young and I'm in perfect physical shape. I'm a perfect physical specimen." And CNN went crazy. "He's not young and he's not in perfect -- !" They can't take a joke.

No, but I was better, I was better quickly. I was better very quickly. We reduced the fatality rate 85% and now we have the lowest infection fatality rate anywhere in the world by far. Thanks to our unrelenting efforts. And by the way, Remdesivir was also approved. It's supposed to have a great effect. I mean, I said, "Give me whatever the heck you have.

Just give it to me." I wasn't choosy. You know, the First Lady, "I don't want anything. I don't want -- " She's very particular, right? If I say, "Take an aspirin, you'll feel better." "No, no, I don't want an aspirin." Right? She doesn't want that. Only 3% of hospitalizations are right now with China Virus.

So think of that. So our hospitals are ready if th -- something should happen. But that's what --  Uh, I appreciate that. He said, "We trust you." You can. We are doing the greatest job of this. We, except with one thing. Publicity. Our public relations, we're spending too much time working and not enough time talking.

But no matter what you say to these people, it won't make any difference. And because of the advances in treatment we pioneered, the survival rate is far over 99. For many groups it's 99.9%. And for under 70, it's unbelievably high. For over 70 now it's getting very good. And, uh, the drug they gave me that, what we're doing is we're going to make that available, including the very similar drug, its antibody, a very similar drug from Eli Lilly.

We're gonna make that available to anybody that needs it, should they get the China Virus. We're gonna make it available free. So if anybody, if anybody's gonna need it. If anybody's gonna need it. Joe Biden's plan will delay the vaccine, postpone therapies, prolong the pandemic, crush our economy, crush our economy.

We can't do this. Destroy the Florida tourism industry and lock down our entire country. We'll be locked down. Under Biden's lockdown, countless Americans will die from suicide, drug overdoses, deferred medical care, abuse. The thing that's happening to families is -- the cure, remember I said it right at the be -- the cure can not be worse than the problem itself.

And you have Michigan locked down. You have Pennsyl -- all Democrat governors. You know what's gonna happen? On November fourth, the day after the election, they're gonna open it up. They're doing it for political reasons because it's so bad for their state and they think our numbers are going to look a little worse.

California is pretty much locked down, New York's gotta open, New York is becoming a very unsafe ghost town. Governor open up the state governor, open up the state. You'll see our governor, he's going to make a few words in a couple of minutes. The governor from new york is going to be with us in a little while.

YOu're surprised to see that, you'll see what I mean . There will be no school, no graduations, no weddings, no Thanksgivings, no Christmases, no fourth of Julys, there will be nothing. They will allow you nothing, other than that, he's doing a wonderful job . Europe imposed crushing lock downs.

And today, Spain is more than two times more new cases per capita than the Unites States. France has over three times and Belgium has over seven times what we have. And I don't want that. I don't want that. I don't want that to happen to them. We're helping them. We're sending them thousands and thousands of ventilators.

We've become the ventilator king. We're making thousands of ventilators a month. We're sending them to Europe and all over the world. Sending a lot to Africa. They'll never be able to get them, they'll never be able to make them. We've done an incredible job. Incredible job. European lock downs are not stopping the virus but they're creating misery, poverty, suffering and death.

You see the riots in the street of Italy today, in the streets of Italy? And the riots they're having in France. The people are tired, they can't do it anymore. They can't do it anymore. They're losing their businesses they're losing their jobs. They go back and their business is closed for nine months. We can't do it anymore, they can't do it.

We know the disease, we social distance, we do all of the things that you have to do. If you get close wear a mask. Always controversial. It's not controversial to me, you get close you wear a mask. Social distance, social distance, you know the bottom line though, you're gonna get better. You're gonna get better.

If I can get better anybody can get better, and I got better fast. They were so happy, they couldn't believe it. That was probably the happiest day that they've had in years . And then I came out of the hospital to wave to the people, the supporters I heard. You know these really beautiful rooms, Walter Reed is incredible, the best.

The best. And rooms the glass, heavy glass panels over the windows. And through all of that heavy glass, brick and mortar, I could hear people screaming outside a half a mile away. And they were fans of mine with flags, Trump flags, we love our pre -- And they were there for two days, they stayed there all night.

I mean these people were incredible. And I said to my incredible secret service people, there's one of them. Bobby. I know I'm not supposed to say it Bobby, I love you Bobby. I said, Bobby I wanna go over and see em. No problem sir. He ripped on that mask he wouldn't even think about that. I said let's go over and see em Bobby.

By that time I was in good shape, I was really -- I wanted to get out here with you. But we drove in front of those people and we waved and the people were so happy. It was incredible, it was like, it was, it was a love fest, they were so happy. And I got back and they were saying what a terrible thing to do.

Nah, we gotta take care of our people right? We gotta stay with our people. Including secret service who does an incredible job. Thank you. Thank you Bobby. The man, the man. Thank you Bobby, thank you secret service, they do a great job. For half a century Joe Biden has been outsourcing your jobs, opening your borders and sacrificing American blood and treasure and endless foreign wars.

In 2016 Florida voted to fire the depraved political establishment and you elected an outsider as your president who is finally, if you don't mind, putting America first. That's what were doing. Joe Biden is a corrupt politician that the fake news will not write about, they won't write the story. They won't write it and big tech won't write it.

They won't write the story. There's a outside of the New York Post, who just endorsed me by the way, thank you very much. It's the fourth largest paper in the country. Got a lot of great endorsements. We got a lot of great -- Jack Nicholas, you know Jack. He can put, he can do anything Jack. 78 tournaments he won and he won 18 majors, think of that.

How great that is. That means under pressure -- you know you need people like that right? People that can win under pressure. Jack. Jack gave me a beautiful endorsement. We got endorsements from a lot of newspapers all over. We got a lot of endorsements. If Biden wins -- thank you very much. If Biden wins, China wins.

When we win, Florida wins, and America wins. It's very simple. And if I don't sound like a typical Washington politician, it's because I'm not a politician. And I don't always play by the rules of Washington and the Washington establishment, it's because I was elected to fight for you. And I have fought for you harder than any president has ever fought for the people he loves.

Never. Thank you very much. There's a lot of people. Look where that crowd is it's, that uh, would you like to change places with some people in the back? I don't think so. Thank you. Thank you. That's incredible. What a crowd. But they're all like this, I tell you, no matter where you go. 35 000, 45 000, they never mention it, you know, they never mention it.

But with Biden they never mention it either. I said, "Show the crowd.", you know what? They have circles. Someday I'm gonna hire the guy that does those circles. No, because it's really good. Big thick nice circles, they're perfectly done. It's the best part of his campaign, the circles. And usually he's got five of them, usually he can't fill them up with people, so he puts the fake news in the circles.

And then they don't ask him questions. Or how about the question they asked him the other day? He's walking out with ice cream, "Sir, what flavor ice cream is it?" "Uh, I don't know, it's vanilla, I think." Then they asked him a real question and he ran into the car, went back the the basement. Does he have the lid on again today?

Almost every day. How do you put the lid? You know, when you do the lid, he did it like, five, six days, recently, that's like, 50 percent of the campaign. Now they try and say it's because of Covid. They say the fact that he has nobody at all show up is because of Covid. No, it's because nobody shows up.

And I think that's the ultimate poll. And based on the numbers that we're getting, uh, we're gonna do really well on Tuesday. I tell you. Really well, you'll see. Who knows? Who knows? It's an election. And if we do win, you're gonna see a stock market that goes through the roof. Your 401-Ks are gonna go up, by 50 percent, quickly.

You watch, I'm telling you. We know, I know all those guys. They're just petrified at the thought of having massive tax increases, regulation increases. They said, "We've been through that, it wasn't good." That's why they had no growth, that's why they had no recovery. Slowest ever. Remember I said that, slowest since 1929. That's a long time.

Not only is Joe Biden corrupt, he's unfit. He has no plan to end the epidemic. It's all talk, no action. Like I said at the debate. 91 percent to nine percent. You know what that means? They did polls afterwards. 91 a respected poll, 91 percent said -- I have to do it, I have to brag, you know why? They'll never do it.

You know? You know? You know the expression, "If you can't get anybody else to do it, do it yourself." No, 91 percent to nine percent. And I'm trying to figure out, who is the nine? I wanna find who these people were. No, it was that it just uh, ridiculous. Ridiculous. I think they could have done better, but, you know, you never know.

Again, this is why, you never know. His policies would create a depression. And he wants you to surrender our country. That's what he wants to do, he wants you to surrender our country to China. To all of these other countries, that have taken total advantage of us, it's really the reason I'm here. If it weren't for the horrible trade deals with South Korea, with our allies.

You know, our allies in many ways treat us worse than the enemy. The enemy at least we have our guard up. Our allies, what they've done to us in terms of military protection, and trade, is disgraceful. And when they come out and they say they like Barack Hussein Obama much more than they like Trump, that means I'm doing my job.

You see? No, Germany said it the other day, and I have roots in Germany. But Germany said it the other day, they like Barack Hussein Obama, and they should, because Germany is delinquent in their NATO payments. Very delinquent. They're at a half a level, and they're very rich. They could do whatever they want.

It's not like they don't have the money. And I call them out, I say, "If you don't pay we're gonna start taking our troops out." And these people go crazy. They go crazy. You watch, oh, we've already started to do. They'll pay, but I just want to play you a video from a, I, I was so impressed. It's a little bit, you know, we only do this for people that we love.

We have these very expensive boards that come along, and this is a largely, a woman that comes from this area. Her husband happens to be a major league baseball player. Do you know who I'm talking about? He's a handsome guy, but she's far more beautiful.  And, he's on Tampa Bay, so he's right now a little depressed.

I don't know if he's here, or not, but if he is I want to talk to him, and say, "You did a great job." Kayleigh, please come up here, Kayleigh, and play the video please, play the video.

Oh, you're pretty good too. And you're a great couple and that's a beautiful baby. Thank you very much. Congratulations. Great season.

See? She's smart. She's smart. She picked a Major League ball player. You know what it is to get the Major Leagues? It's tough. You gotta be in shape. You can't look like these guys out here. No, she's great. But did anybody, especially on the pandemic, has anybody said it better than that? That was on this morning on Fox.

Fox & Friends. And, uh, I gotta tell you, that, that group, that threesome, they're great, right? They're great, right? It's a great group in the morning. But she said it on Fox & Friends. Ainsley, Steve, and Brian has been really great, right? Brian's been great. Nah, they treat us good. We're thrilled to be joined by your governor, who I know was up here speaking, but I'm gonna introduce him a second time because we love him and he's done a great job and he loves the people of Florida.

Ron DeSantis. Ron. Thank you. And your Lieutenant Governor, who is a fantastic woman, and she loves her state, Jeanette Nunez. Jeanette, thank you. And we have some warriors, you know, that used to work with Ron. And without them, maybe I wouldn't be standing here. Remember, 197 to nothing. Congressman, Michael Waltz.

Michael. He knows more about -- where is Michael? Michael. You get married yet, Michael? Huh? Please get married quickly. You'll be so depressed, Michael. If you don't, you're gonna be very, very depressed. Thank you. Thank you. He better do it quick. She's outta here, Michael. Another great friend of mine, and a warrior, Gus Bilirakis.

Gus. Thank you, Gus. Great job. Great job. Great job. Thank you. Thank you. And Greg Steube. Greg, thank you very much, Greg. Great job you're doing, Greg. These people are tough. We've had some -- tell you what. We have some incredible people in Washington. Attorney General Ashley Moody, who's doing a phenomenal job.

Thank you, Ashley, for everything. Doing a fantastic job. Florida House Speaker, Chris Sprowls. Chris. And so young. Florida GOP Chair, Joe Gruters. Joe, where are you, Joe? Where's Joe? Joe, how are we doing, Joe? You'll be outta here so fast if we don't win this election. He'll be gone. We are doing well.

Yup.  We're gonna win. If we don't win -- Ugh. Ugh. Our country will have trouble. , and vote for the Congressman and vote for the Republicans. They wanna do what's right. They wanna do what's right and you know it's the right thing to do. We have Congressional candidate Scott Franklin and Anna Paulina Luna.

I was afraid I put something out. They have my full endorsement. Great going. I hear you're both doing very well. Win, please. Doing very well. Great, great. Under my administration, we're reversing the damage that Joe Biden and his group have done over a 47-year period. We're bringing the pharmaceutical industry back here and back to regions of Puerto Rico.

They took it out of Puerto Rico devastating Puerto Rico. Joe Biden voted to eliminate those jobs and to send them to China, and we're reversing that and we've been reversing it now for over two years. And it's moving very rapidly. Last month, I also announced $13 billion in disaster relief for Puerto Rico.

They got hit hard. They're in a little path that causes problems, you know that, right? A lot of hurricane problems. Speaking of hurricanes, you have a lot of hurricane problems too. And I'm always there. Ron, am I always there? Ron calls up, "Sir, I'd like to speak to you." "What is it about, another hurricane?" "Yes." "How many billions you need, Ron?" But I'm always there.

And Rick, I'll tell you what, Rick Scott's been great. He's been great. And Marco Rubio has been great. He's been great. Marco. Very strong guys, strong leaders, good guys, too. Really good guys, Marco and Rick. You have great people here. Great leadership. Under my leadership, we achieved the most secure border in United States history and we have now built over 400 miles of warp, of wall.

And we'll have it finished very shortly. It'll be finished very soon. You don't hear about it anymore. You used to hear when they didn't think I'd be able to pull it off and that was a tough one. They were willing to close up the country over the wall, so I had a party, totally strong party, bad politics, but strong party.

Bad policy. But they didn't want a wall, but I made a, a really terrible mistake. I should have said instead of we will build a wall, I should have said we will not build a wall. They would have given me all the money. They would have said, they would have said, "We demand that you build it immediately." But then they said, "Walls don't work," and I said, "No, walls work and wills work." Those are the two things that -- Those are the two things that work.

Everything else gets obsolete in about 15 minutes after it's discovered. Biden wants to terminate our travel bans and serge refugees from the most dangerous places in the world. He will open the floodgates to radical Islamic terrorism. And you saw what happened three days ago, the beheading in France. And today, it happened again.

And we give our warmest regards to President Macron, a friend of ours, a friend of mine, a friend of the First Lady. The great -- two great people. First Lady of France is a great woman. Under the Biden plan, the horrifying attacks in France will come to our cities and our towns. And I don't want to speak too loudly about this and I knock on wood.

This is real wood, you know? This is real wood. I can tell. Anything having to do with the White House and the President, it's real wood. Somewhere -- oh, yeah, here, let me knock on this piece. That's definitely -- But you know what? Look at what's happened. Long time, right? I don't want to say, long time.

And you know the first call I get -- After we win, the first call I get will be from Iran. They're gonna wanna make a deal, because their country has been devastated. They have been unable to give money to terrorist organizations that they've given routinely for years. Their GDP is down 27% this year, which is the highest anybody's ever seen of any country, one year.

Think of it. We're up 33.1 and they're down 27. And they're gonna wanna make a deal and we wanna make a deal if we can. We want them to be a great country, but they cannot have a nuclear weapon. They cannot have a nuclear weapon. And we're gonna help them. We're gonna help them. We're gonna go with them and help them and do whatever we have to do and I hope that happens.

But I believe that -- and I even said, "Don't deal with them now. They're gonna wanna see what happens with sleepy Joe." Because if he won, China will own us. Iran will make another crazy deal where they give them $150 billion or 1.8 billion on cash. Think of that. We have so many things -- what, what we've done, the deals that we've made, it's, uh, it's very scary to see.

I watch it. They say there has to be something wrong because nobody can be that stupid. Nobody can be that stupid. Under my leadership we're keeping the terrorists, extremists, and violent criminals the hell out of our country, if that's okay, if that's okay with you. Some of you might object 'cause you have that nice liberal point of view but, if that's okay with you we'll keep 'em the hell out.

We invested 2.5 trillion dollars in the U.S. Military including 11.2 million, think of this, 11.2 million dollars right here, MacDill Air Force Base. Has anybody heard of MacDill? Has anybody in the audience, Mr. Congressman, you, you're the one that got it -- You're the one that got it included, Walt. And we also passed Veterans Choice and Veterans accountability, they all said it was impossible.

They said it was impossible. And we took 100% of the Isis caliphate, destroyed it, and we killed the leader of Isis, al-Baghdadi. Who they were looking for for 17 years, al-Baghdadi is dead. And then we took out the worlds number one terrorist by far, the worst in 50 years, Qasem Soleimani is dead. He killed many of our soldiers.

He killed many soldiers from many countries, most feared man in the Middle East, he's gone. I withdrew from the last administrations horrible Iran Nuclear Deal. I recognized the capital of Israel and opened the American Embassy in Jerusalem. I got the building built for a tiny fraction, you know that story, right?

Tiny fraction. I called up our great Ambassador, David Friedman. I said David, let's see if we can get it open. They wanted to spend 2 billion dollars to build an Embassy, do you believe, and it would've never happened. I said David, go around, do we have any land that we own with the government? We own everything, right?

Even in other countries. See what we have. He calls me back the following day, he says Sir, we own a great piece much better than the piece they were gonna buy. We didn't buy it 'cause I didn't like it. I didn't like the location, does that make sense? 'Cause I'm in the real estate b -- I didn't like location, locations very important.

I said see what we have, he said Sir, we have a piece that's much bigger it's in a much better location and it has a building. Now remember, we're gonna spend between a billion and 2 billion dollars. I said, well what's the building? He said, the building is a building that's basically unoccupied, it's pretty big, we could fix it up.

I said how much? He said, let me get back to you. He gets back to me two days later, Sir I think we can do it for $390,000 dollars. Right, right, you understand that Mr. Congress. So I said, you know, it's the first time I've ever done this. I said, David that doesn't sound good it sounds to cheap, make it a little more, make it 500, okay.

And we did, we did it for $500,000 and, you know, it's Jerusalem, and a friend of mine Ron Baron he's so proud of a wall opposite the elevator. Every time I walk in he shows me Jerusalem stone, I go crazy. Ron, I don't care. I said, David you're in Jerusalem it's very expensive in New York can you get Jerusalem stone?

He said, yes we can, we have it, we can buy it for nothing. I said good, make the building out of Jerusalem stone. So he made it out of Jerusalem stone. We had it opened four months later for $500,000 dollars. That means -- 'Cause you know what, not only would it have cost more than 2 billion dollars you wouldn't have that building built for 25 years.

So we got, we did something a little different. We got something done for a tiny, tiny fraction of what it was supposed to cost and we had it open in three and a half, four months and it's now our Embassy. It's a great Embassy and it's recognized, Jerusalem is the capital of Israel. Sort of a great story.

And I also recognize Israeli sovereignty over the Golan Heights, they've been working on that for 52 years. We got it done in two hours and it's not easy. And every President wanted to do those two things for many, many decades but they, they couldn't and I understand why they couldn't, lot of pressure, lot of pressure against.

And instead of never ending wars in the Middle East we're forging peace deals all over the place, you see it. No blood in the sand, no blood in the sand, no cost. Biden and Obama made a pathetic one sided deal with the Castro dictatorship. My opponent stands with socialist communists. I stand with the proud people of Cuba, and Nicaragua, and Venezuela in their righteous struggle for freedom and we're winning.

We're winning it, it's gonna be easy. We're winning. The last administration also negotiated the terrible Obama Biden Santos deal with Columbian drug cartels, surrendering to the Narco terrorists. You know what that means? That means drugs. Our First Lady sits on our commission. She chairs the commission of drugs, and, on drugs in America and how to get rid of it.

It's a blue ribbon commission, right? And we're down 19%. We had a little setback with the, uh, recent problem with, with the China virus, but it's, it's, uh, getting back under control. But she's taken it down 19, she and the commission have taken it down 19%. And she doesn't want it mentioned. She doesn't want to talk about it.

She doesn't want to talk about it. So you have, it were me sitting in her position, I'd be holding a news conference. I have done an incredible job. No, I'm only kidding. I'm only kidding. I'm only kidding. But she has done an incredible job. Thank you, honey. Under my -- Thank you. Thank you very much. Under my administration, we worked with Columbian officials to seize or disrupt 227 tons of poisonous narcotics since April alone.

The fact is I've done more in 47 months than Sleepy Joe Biden has done in 47 years. It's true. It's true. No administration in the first three and a half years has done what this administration's done. We've rebuilt our military. We've done the biggest tax cut in history, biggest regulation cut in history.

What we've done is incredible. Even environmentally, I tell you what. We're not gonna go over a list. We'd be here all day. But no administration. And you know the fake news doesn't even call me on it. They don't even, if I'm -- Usually if you make a statement, they think it's like 1% off, it's like a headline the next day.

In the coming weeks, we will distribute a vaccine, defeat the virus, and complete the great American comeback. We're in the process. A vote for Republicans like these people right down here, is a vote for the great American dream. That's what it is. I remember Abraham Lincoln, the great, the legendary Abraham Lincoln was a Republican.

Would you please remember that? Nobody knows that. They know it now because I like to say it. Over the next four years, we will make America into the manufacturing superpower of the world and we will end our reliance on China once and for all. It's already starting. We will hire more police, increase penalties for assaults on law enforcement, and we will ban deadly sanctuary cities.

We will defend religious liberty, free speech, and the right to keep and bear arms. Your second amendment will be defended. We will maintain America's unrivaled military might, and we will ensure peace through strength. And I told you, we spent two and a half trillion with a T, trillion dollars, trillion, on our military.

We have the finest rockets, the finest missiles, the finest jets, F35s. We have the finest tanks and submarines and ships. All made in the USA. And our nuclear stockpile. We are in a position like no other country in the world. We're the envy of every country. Russia, China, North Korea, no country in the world has what we have.

And just, a lot of religious people in this audience, pray to God that we never have to use it, and it's more likely that we won't have to use it now that we have it, but just hope that we never have to use it. We will end surprise medical billing, require price transparency, lower drug prices even more, and we will always protect patients with preexisting conditions.

America will land the first woman on the moon, and the United States will be the first nation to land an astronaut on Mars. It's already happening now. We will stop the radical indoctrination of our students and restore patriotic education to our schools. We will teach our children to love our country, honor our history, and always respect our great American flag.

And we will live by the timeless words of our national motto, "In God we trust." For years, you had a president who apologized for America. Now you have a president who's standing up for America, and standing up for the great people of Florida. So get your friends. Get your family. Get your neighbors. Get your boss.

Pull them out of their chair. "Come on, boss." And you gotta get out and vote. There's never been an election more important. On November 3rd, we must finish the job, and drain the rest of the swamp. We've done a lot of it. From Pensacola to Miami, from Orlando to Jacksonville, and from Tallahassee to right here in Tampa, we inherit the legacy of Fl -- You know it.

Right? We inherit the incredible legacy of Florida patriots, who gave their blood, sweat and tears for this beloved nation. We stand on the shoulders of American heroes across the oceans, blazed the trails, settled the continent, tamed the wilderness, laid down the railroads, dug out the Panama Canal, raised up the great skyscrapers, won two World Wars, defeated fascism and communism.

And from right here, in this beautiful state, landed our brave American astronauts on the face of the moon. You've done a lot. We made America into the single-greatest nation in the history of the world, and the best is yet to come. Proud citizens, like you, helped build this country, and together we are taking back our country.

We are returning power to you, the American people. With your help, your devotion and your drive, we are going to keep on working. We are going to keep on fighting, and we are going to keep on winning, winning, winning. We're winning. We are winning again. We are winning again. We are one movement, one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God.

And together, with the incredible people of Florida, we have made America powerful again. We have made America wealthy again. We have made America strong again. We have made America proud again. We have made America safe again. And we will make America great again. Thank you, Florida. Get out and vote. Thank you.