Thank you very much. Thank you. What a group? What a group. We love this place. This was my first victory, right? This was our first victory. Remember that beautiful primer that we had and Trump came in and Trump won this incredible great state. And, uh, it was off to the races, right?

So I wanna thank you and hello, New Hampshire. It's great to be with you in this beautiful, on this beautiful day. Nine days from now, we are going to win the second. You believe nine days. And we're going to win four more great years in the White House. We're going to keep it going. This is the most important election in the history of our country, the most important election.

And I never thought I'd say it after what we went through with the last one, four years ago, this is a more important election, because we're fighting people that we've got to end it. We've got to end the fight. We've got to put them down. We've got to end the fight. Our country will never be a socialist country.

We have to end the fight. Once and for all. For the last half century sleepy, Joe Biden has been outsourcing your jobs, opening your borders and sacrificing American blood and treasure in the endless, horrible, ridiculous foreign wars. Afghanistan, 19 years, 19 years, he voted for the war in Iraq, but for himself, did you know today?

You know what happened, right? He put the lid on, do you know what the lid is? He's constantly putting the lid on, constantly putting the lid on. The lid means, I guess it's referring to a garbage can, right? You put the lid. And he's putting the lid on -- This guy has more lids, I don't know. There's something going on.

Somebody said it's strategy. It's not. 'Cause really strategy would be coming out. And by the way, a lot of, lot of things are happening lately. I've been noticing, have you been noticing? I just was asking some people to go back to the fake news and go to the back of the plane. A lot of people up there.

A lot camera. And I was saying -- And I wish those cameras would show behind the cameras. There are thousands of people there. Thousands of people there. And thousands of people outside on the street. Thousands. There're people outside, but have you been noticing what's been happening? People know we've done a great job.

Have been, uh, you know, oh, and so what's gonna happen. This is going to be as exciting. Maybe. I don't know. You can say more exciting. You remember that beautiful night in November four years ago, right? Well, I don't think this one will be as close. I don't think this is going to be a close. Thank you.  No, that's a chant.

And no offense, as I said, has anyone in the history of politics, think about it, Ronald Reagan was popular, but they never had that chant. That is a chant. I won't even say it because, I don't want to cry, but Ronald Reagan never had that chant. Nobody's ever had that chant. And you see what we go through.

It's a tough thing. The swamp is deep and it's vicious. These people are vicious. These people don't report the truth. It's very hard. They don't report the truth. So for instance, I asked them, would you please turn the cameras on? They don't do that. They'd never do. They have this shot all the time. I don't have that big an ego.

I don't want that shot. They have this shot. You know what they show? They show myself and about five people back there. And on occasion, some of the people back there become big stars because they are on camera. But they never moved the camera. And I used to think it was the way it is. You know, you couldn't move it.

Mechanically, you couldn't do it. And then all of a sudden, we don't see that anymore. I shouldn't say it, but we don't see it anymore. They used to have little fights, right? Little problem. And the camera used to turn like a pretzel to catch it. Because they viewed that as a bad thing, right? A bad thing.

And that camera would turn around, that steel would turn like there's nothing to it. But they never show the crowds. But you know what, they don't show Biden's crowd when seven people show up. And you know what, they don't show Barack Hussein Obama, he came out to campaign two days ago.  Right?

And they had 42 people. He drew flies, did you ever hear the expression? Obama drew flies, but they don't show that. But we want them to show our crowds because there's never been anybody, and this is us as a group, anybody, any group, any movement that's ever gotten the kind of crowds that we have. And I was told about New Hampshire, I understand you have a lot of friends who live up here, but I was -- I understand New Hampshire.

I was told in New Hampshire, you can't have big crowds. You have to go to everybody's dining room and have dinner with them. This was even as I was campaigning, you know, I said, "I'm sorry, it just doesn't work." You got to get together and all. And you know, you have guys they have nothing much to do, they're politicians, and they'll go and have dinner with two or three people, every night, and they do this for years.

And then they come in, you know, seventh in the primary or something. I said, "No, we got to do this." And we've been doing this from the beginning, you have the good arena that holds a lot of people, we packed that all the time. But now with the COVID, what we do, and you know, they keep talking about cases, you know why we have cases so much, because that's all we do is test.

If we cut our testing down in half, they'd say, well, they wouldn't say that. But cases would go down . Now we have the best test, and we are coming around, we're rounding the turn. We have the vaccines, we have everything. We're rounding the turn. Even without the vaccines, we're rounding the turn, it's going to be over.

And you know who got it? I did, can you believe it? Every time I'd have these meetings, a lot of people, because I can't put myself in a basement for the next year and a half, okay, I can't do it. No, I can't, or I can't go to a beautiful bedroom in the White House and lock myself up for a year and a half.

You're president, you have to do your job. And I'd have meetings and I'd leave meetings. And I'd, I'd leave a meeting and I'd say, "That wasn't a good." You know, a lot of people, and there's a lot of love in the rooms a lot of times, a lot of times there's no love at all, just the opposite. But I'd say, "That might not be good." But you got to do your job.

And I went and what they do is incredible. The doctors are incredible, and especially when you're president because you have more doctors. I mean, I think I could -- I don't know if I could ever get used to this again, going back to a normal where you actually have one doctor. You have a doctor for every single part of your body.

It's true. And they want to touch you too, they want to grab you.  "Sir, I'm a specialist in this, so could I check this?" I said, "I'd prefer not." But you know, I, I didn't feel good. And, uh, wonderful doctors, Sean, White House doctors, terrific. They're all really talented people. But I had 12 of them, literally 12, Johns Hopkins.

I had doctors from the best schools and best hospitals in the world, because you're president, right? And I said, uh, "I'm not feeling too good, fellas, what are we gonna do here?" And the following morning, I took something called Regeneron, the following morning, I felt so good. I felt like Superman, I wanted to get back.

I didn't want to cancel anything. No, no, we didn't want to be canceled. We didn't want to be canceling a lot of things, right? We didn't want to say, "I'm gonna take the next -- " Like Biden, I mean, I don't know what the hell's wrong with him. He never goes anywhere. And when he does, it's Delaware. Now, I like Delaware too.

But you know, he just wants to stay right next to that house. He feels very uncomfortable. Yesterday, he did some kind of a crazy rally with the horns, right? And then the camera made a terrible mistake. The guy's gonna get fired, I'm sure. Because the camera turned around and there were so few, there were nobody there.

And then he got very agitated, right, you saw that? Because you know who was there? Our people were there, right? And they were screaming and he can't think too well, he was having a hard time. And he got very angry, and Obama got angry too because he went out someplace and it was all our people. And today they're having this incredible rally on Long Island.

You know, what's happened to New York is so sad, with the crime. Democrat-run. Only Democrat-run. Where you have Democrat-run, you have problems. You have crime. You have, it's all closed up, in many cases, locked down, locked down. By the way, you have an excellent governor here, right? You have an excellent governor.

Can I say that? Good. Sometimes I'll say that and people don't like it, but you do. You have a good governor. Good guy. Now that's he's with us, and the family is good, and his father's great. His father, you know, his father, I'd see that name. Sununu, I say man he was brutal, he was tough. And once we won, there was nobody better than him.

There was nobody rougher and there was nobody better. But, it's a good family. They really are they've done a good job, and you're open up and you're doing business and here we are. Here we are. But Biden has the lid on again, it's really, you know I guess he figures if he keeps the lid on he's not gonna make a stupid statement.

He made one yesterday. Yesterday he said, I'm getting tired of smart people. No, you gotta like smart people. Well, he said that. Then he said something much worse, right. He talked about the fact that we have the most corrupt. He didn't mean that. He didn't mean that, but I think maybe we'll put a clip up.

You know we have a new deal if we like people, oh there it is. See that little screen? That costs a lot of money. And we like you, like we do, the great state of New Hampshire. If we like, if we like you like we do New Hampshire, we put that up. And we have a couple of little clips like, he's against social security, you know, little things like that.

How about his oil comment? And I said, it took all the way till the end, he was doing okay. I wouldn't say it was Winston Churchill. But he was doing all right, he was getting through it and then all of a sudden it came out, the oil, and he wants to transition. He wants to transition. I said okay, are you listening Texas?

Are you listening Pennsylvania? Actually, are you listening? You know why? Because your bills, you know you have, because of New York, you have the highest energy bills in the country. New Hampshire. All of New England, because they won't allow, we're gonna do it anyway. But, they won't allow a pipeline to go through New York up to New England.

You know that right? And because of that, and all it would do is cause jobs, cause upstate New York has been an economic disaster under Cuomo. And people are leaving, but think of it, a pipeline that nobody would see, way underground. Would reduce your energy costs by 50, 60, 70 percent. And Governor Cuomo won't allow it.

So we're having uh, a little bit of a dispute and this should've been done years ago. I get stuck with everything. You know, I get stuck. But we'll get it done. We'll get it done. If we do that, we can get your energy costs down 50, 60 percent. So it means a lot to everybody. Sleepy Joe and, and they are gonna, are you turning the cameras around?

Could I ask you to turn, cause you have never seen, people don't even believe it. People don't even, look at them. Look at them. People don't even believe it. I only get disappointed because honestly, the media, the fake news is too close to me. If they were further back, would get more people up here, my people.

I'm saying this to my representatives. If they move that back, you could have, they have magnifying lenses that are very good. If you move them back, you could have people, they wouldn't be blocked out by the fake news. Our lives are blocked out by the fake news, right? But sleepy Joe voted for NAFTA, which was the worst thing that ever happened to your state and all of New England more than any place.

Your factories are still, some of them empty. And China's entry into the World Trade Organization, he shuttered your factories, shipped away your industries and he allowed deadly drugs, one thing I learn more than any other place, New Hampshire and drugs. For some reason, you get harder than anybody else, we brought it down 19 percent.

We took it down. Now we got set back because when the plague came in, all of a sudden, we'll look at it differently. But we, we got it down 19 percent. I met with your police, we went to the precincts, for some reason your drug problem, opioids, everything else, is greater than most other states proportionality.

And we focused very hard in New Hampshire, we got it down 19 percent coming down, it's coming down further. Had a set back when the plague came in from China. But, we got it down to uh, 19 and we're gonna get it down a hell of a lot lower than 19 before we're finished. Believe me. And he allowed drugs, deadly drugs, really deadly drugs.

Opioids and Fentanyl, to pour across our borders and flood into your schools and your towns and communities and more in New Hampshire proportionately, as I said, than any other place. In 2016 you voted to fire the depraved, political establishment and you elected an outsider as your president who is finally putting America first.

This is not the crowd that comes in second, you know when you leave -- it's like, it's like a poll right? Except much more accurate. When you leave a place like this where you have thousands and thousands of people and more people than all of this outside, unfortunately, can't get in, which I feel badly about.

We put speakers out there but they can't get in. But when you leave you say, "This is not a state where you're going to come in second." It's just not because -- come in second? If, if Joe came in -- even if he came in in that beautiful Air Force One, isn't that beautiful? You know? I'll tell you quick -- should we tell -- we have plenty of time today, right?

Like, is there any football game? We don't watch football as much out here.  Right? Until they stand and honor our country, we don't care -- until they honor the -- you know when I first came in I said, "How old is Air Force One?" Now we have the greatest people in the world in our military.

Look at the condition, that plane looks like it's two days old, right? But it's 30 years. Can you believe it? So I said, "What's going on?" "Well, they're negotiating with 1 and they signed a contract for $5.7 billion." It's actually two planes, people don't realize this. Air Force One is two planes, okay?

You always have two. You're very spoiled when you have this job. I guess they figure if it's ever a little bit off, or a little broken you just rip out the second one for 2 and a half billion. But it's a most incredible machine. So anyway so -- I said, "Well, but 30 years is a long time. I'm not talking about for me, I'm talking it's a long time" and I'm good at airplanes.

I said, "So what's the price?" 5.7 billion. I said, "You got to be kidding", for two airplanes, okay? I got friends they order a  and they pay $78 million. I said, "Half of an engine costs more than that." So 5.7 so I said -- I met with the head of Boeing. Good man. And I said, "This is the first week." I said, "We're not going to buy it." Signed contract, all done. 5.7 billion.

I said, "Too much money. We're not buying it." They said, "Why do you say it's too much?" I said, "Because Obama agreed to it, so it has to be -- " I didn't know anything about it. I didn't know anything about it. But I knew if they were buying it, it was too much money. So I said, "Nope, I'm not going to do it." I said uh, "Cancel the order." So I went to a general, I said, "General, I want to cancel the order." "Yes sir." And uh -- I said, "Why can't we keep using this -- 30 years sir." And he's right, look you know planes would come in from, especially, other countries, but from Arab countries and it would be a brand new what's called a 747 800. That's brand new, right off the thing.

It's actually a much different plane. It's much longer, it's got a much bigger wingspan you wouldn't believe it. See the top? The way it is -- it's a much longer top. I hope you people are interested in this but -- Though isn't this better than being on a teleprompter, right? So -- no but see the front? It's got -- it's second floor is much longer.

It's, it's uh, as beautiful as that is, it's far more beautiful -- bigger, more impressive, more everything and it's the right thing. So I said, "So General, it's a signed contract. I want to terminate the contract." "Yes sir." I said uh, "By the way you can terminate it no problem, right?" "Yes sir. I'm very proud of it sir." "Good, you don't have to pay anything do you?" "Yes sir we have a termination fee." Oh. "How much is the termination fee General?" "Sir, we pay $250 million and we're allowed to terminate the contract." It's 5.7 billion, so for 250 million -- I said, "Wait a minute General.

Wait, wait, wait. They haven't built it yet. They haven't even started it yet. We have to pay $250 million to terminate the contract? I don't like that deal General. General, don't terminate it. Because I want to get it, but I don't want to pay 250 and s -- just don't terminate it. Just tell them we don't want it." "Yes sir." So he told -- then I told them, I said, "Nope, I don't want it." And we negotiated for about a month and I said to the head of Boeing, really good guy, I said "Hey Denis, look, uh, it's 5-7, it's got to have a three in front of it." Now I don't know anything about -- And, and it's very, very special what they have in this plane, they don't have in any plane in the world, okay?

This is incredible. The kind of equipment. The equipment cost more than the plane. So I said, uh, "You know Denis, it has to have a three in front of it." So this has 5.7, a five, I said, "Got to have -- In other words, we've got to skip the fours, we got to have a three." "No sir, I can't do it." So then he comes back a couple of weeks later, he takes 100 million off.

I said, "Nope, it's go to have a three." I said, "Cancel it, I don't care. Don't cancel it in writing." I said, "We don't want the planes." I was very careful. "We don't want the planes." "Are you canceling the order?" I said, "No, no, no, we don't want the plane." 'Cause I don't wanna pay 250 of your money, if you don't mind.

And by the way, I could tell you about 300 of these stories, all right? These are just -- These are stories on all different things. This one, I just see the plane sitting there so beautiful, so I said, "No, we don't want the plane." Now I can't really go to Europe and order the comparable plane 'cause there is no comparable plane, but I can.

I can't say, "I'm gonna buy it in Europe, I'm gonna buy Air Force One in Europe." Somehow that doesn't work, so I can't -- I said, "No, we're gonna get used to this. We're gonna have this plane. We'll fix it up, it'll be just fine." So time goes by and they raise it, they, they bring it down another couple of hundred, they bring it down another couple, and then all of a sudden it started dropping like a rock.

And we agreed to 3.95. Somebody said, "Well, that must be a totally different plane." Nope, in fact I actually had one generator added. It's not a big deal. One generator added, and they said to me, then Boeing came to me, so it was 3.9 as opposed to 5.7. now, that took about two months, three months, but isn't that really nice?

Right? The same exact plane expect with a different paint job. Our plane is gonna be as beautiful as that looks, Jackie O. Our plane is gonna be red, white and blue. Doesn't that make sense? Red, white, blue. And then they came to me and the general came to me -- The general came to me and he said, "Sir, I know the way you like everything to be perfect.

And sir, instead of coming down," see the big stairway on the left? You're really up there when you're at that stairway. You're like on a three-story building, right? "And sir, if it's rainy or bad weather or it's blowing," and I'm thinking about my hair, right? Oh, sometimes -- By the time I get down the big one, that, the little one is a different deal, but the big one which we used 95%, by the time I come down that big stairway, I'm a -- sometimes I am wiped out.

You know, the wind is blowing. I said, "Is there any wind outside?" "Yes, sir. 50 miles an hour." Oh, that's good. The stairs are shaking, I'm shaking, the whole thing. By the time I get into the car, I end up running the last -- By the time I get into that car, I'm wiped out, okay? I got to say. Does anybody have a mirror?

So the general said, "Sir, we can build a new stairway under the plane, sir. It's a spiral stairway." I said, "Wow, that's a great idea." "You'd be totally protected, sir." I said, "Fantastic. How much?" "50." I said, "Wow. 50? That's a great deal. I'll take it." I said, "I'll take it." I said, "By the way, so for $50,000, I can build -- " "No, sir. $50 million." I said, "I don't want the stairway for $50 million." I tell you this 'cause you people understand business.

No, he said, "We can build it for 50." I thought he meant $50,000. That's a lot of money for a stairway. No, we can do it for 50 million. So if you don't mind, I decided let my hair get messed up, right? So that's the story. That's a long story on the beautiful Air Force One. So we have it coming in. And can you imagine after all that, I better win this damn contest.

Can you imagine if I saw sleepy Joe -- He wouldn't even know it's a different plane. He'd get on, "Oh, this is -- " "This is very nice. Where am I? Where am I?" You're in Air Force One. "Oh, I didn't know that. This is very nice. How old is this plane?" He'd say. I'd say, "Brand new, sir. It's brand new.

Just came. Oh, I see that gorgeous, you have to see the striping, it's incredible. There'll be nothing like it." And I don't wanna see it. He won't appreciate it. He won't appreciate it 'cause he won't understand it, but anyway. So that's the story that I tell. I could tell 100 stories like that. It's all the same.

The waste, it's all the same, and then, and it was all coming together. And then we had to spend 3 trillion dollars on the plague. Can you believe it? With all of that, peanuts we're talking, we had to spend, and we signed a trade deal with China, which was so great. But the ink wasn't dry, when we got hit by the, China plague.

And we'll never forget it. We'll never forget it. You watch, sleepy Joe Biden doesn't care about New Hampshire, I saw that. He left the state before the primary was even over. He abandoned you. You know. He likes to say, Pennsylvania, well he left them too when he was 9 years old, you know. And based on the polls I'm seeing, the people of Pennsylvania understand that very much.

And as I said at the very beginning, a lot of strange things. You know, we're way up in Florida. We're doing fantastic in Iowa, fantastic in North Carolina. We think really good in Pennsylvania. We're doing great in the great state of Texas. And these aren't polls, these are people now, you know, now you don't need polls so much.

These are people. We're doing great all over, Georgia's looking very good, we're doing great all over. This can be a very interesting evening on November 3rd, now you know, the biggest risk we have? Are the fake ballots. To me, they send millions of ballots all over the country. They found some in a garbage can, military ballots, the name Trump was written in by the military.

And they found them in a garbage can. Thousands and thousands, 5 hundred thousand incorrect applications in Virginia. Thousands and thousands of things. I say the biggest risk we have are the fake ballots. You know, I voted yesterday in Florida, and I went -- And I voted in person. Cause I like to vote in person.

Call me old fashioned, but a lot of people, a lot of our people want to vote in person. They want to vote, so I went to Florida, sir do you have identification? They said that. And no, but they didn't mean to be rude, they wanna go through like they would. I took out a passport, I gave them a passport, I took out an ID.

Wouldn't it be nice to have voter ID by the way? So the woman was great, very smart. And I gave her the passport, I gave her the ID, she said, sir I think you might be President Trump. Okay, so I qualify. And then I sat, they gave me the voting thing, slips. Very computer-is, very good. I went through every one, and said, sir is this it?

Yes. Good, and then I signed my name on something else. Sir, you can go to the booth and please, here's a pen, you can keep it secret. I said, I don't want to keep it secret, I voted for Donald Trump. I don't want to keep it secret, now if I voted for sleepy Joe, that would be a story, right. That I would want to keep secret.

So anyway, no but I, I went in. People were fantastic, and I went, really professional people. Polite people. I went in, I took it, I took it out of the folder. I mean, they wanted me to put it in a folder, just to walk it twenty feet to a machine. I took it out, I put it in, that, I put it in again two pages.

Certain things add in, a lot of different races, presidency, and other races, good races. Congress person, good races, put them in, and I said, wow there was no cheating. There was no way you could cheat. There was no way anything could go wrong, it was like a perfect, it was like a perfect deal. Now they send, think of that, so that's one way.

The other way they send millions of ballots, we don't know who's sending them. We don't know where they're going, we don't know who's bringing them back. We don't know who signed them. In Nevada, they want to have a thing where you don't have to have any verification of the signature. It is so terrible, and you know who knows it more than us?

The Democrats. All Democrat run states are the ones that are the problem. And they know it, and they say, he's against our freedom. He's against our, no no. I want to have a real election. I don't want to have millions of votes sent to millions of different people. And I call them unsolicited. I say solicited is good.

That's where you write in, you want, they send it to, you know, etc. Which still, is not as good as being there. But it's pretty good. But when you have unsolicited, meaning you don't want them, you no they call them universal, they say, that name doesn't make sense. What does it mean? It doesn't mean anything.

They call it different names. I came up with a name, they have millions of unsolicited ballots being sent all over. And, it's no good. It's no good. And there's tremendous, everyday you pick up the newspaper and you read about the only good thing is we have people watching them like crazy, both law enforcement and yourselves and everybody, but in Philadelphia, which is notorious for what goes on, we want to have poll watches.

They won't let us have poll watches, so we're in court over poll watches. Why won't they let you have a poll watcher? What's wrong? Think of it. What's wrong? Philadelphia has been unbelievable. When a candidate, a very wonderful candidate, happened to lose very badly, ran a number of years ago, a man named Mitt Romney -- Did anybody every hear of Mitt Romney?  He did so badly in Philadelphia, almost nobody voted for him.

Now, you know that's not so. But they gave almost no votes for him, almost nothing. And you know that's not so, and it's not right. And we want poll watches in Philadelphia, and they won't let us have them, so we're in court. But think of it. When they won't let you have a poll watcher, what's that all about?

What's that all about? So we're watching it very closely, but I was really impressed yesterday in Florida because there was no way there could be any cheating. There was no way. These people were great. The system is great. And there was no way you're voting twice, you're voting 20 times or you're not voting at all.

It was a beautiful thing to see. But the ballots are not that way. The ballots get handled by many, many people by the time they even get there, and it shouldn't be allowed. And the Democrats know it's a hoax, and they know -- and it's going to cause problems. Then we have a ruling from a court, I won't say which court, a ruling that the ballots can go beyond November 3rd and then they can take time to -- In the State of Pennsylvania, which we love, which we think we're going to win -- I love Pennsylvania.

I won it the last time against crooked Hillary, right? It was the first time in a long time that somebody won. And we have, we have a situation where they have their ballots and they have a long to, to count the ballots. A lot of bad things will happen during that period of time. Terrible things will happen.

Crooked dishonest things. But that means that Pennsylvania, major state, an important state, very important to me, I'm there all the time, I want to school there, Pennsylvania. So if we don't know the result on November 3rd, that means, unlike has always been where you generally find out the election that night or soon, we could be going on forever with this.

It's the craziest thing and it's -- Frankly, it's a crazy, it's a crazy ruling. And we shouldn't let it happen. We shouldn't let it happen. I think that's my, my biggest fear, my biggest risk for this election, is the, the unsolicited, the millions of unsolicited ballots they're sending out. In California, they're sending millions and millions and millions of ballots.

People are getting ballots that don't want them. People are getting ballots, they don't even know why they're getting them. It's a terrible thing. Sleepy Joe Biden works for big tech and big donors and -- you know, I'll tell you, when you watch what's happened, how he's being protected, because you see what's going on, he is a corrupt politician.  And one of the reasons -- And I would say the primary reason he's put the lid on again is because he can't answer the questions.

No, he can't answer these questions. He goes to China, the family makes a fortune. He goes to Ukraine, his son gets put on a board for 183,000 dollars a month. How about Russia? Russia. The wife of the Mayor of Moscow pays him three and a half million dollars for the son, and then he has stuff that he has to give his father 10%. Then he has another one where it's 50%. What the hell is going on?

Terrible.  And then the media refuses to write it. They refuse. Except for the New York Post, by the way, whose stock has gone way up. I have a lot of respect for the New York Post. What they've done is incredible. So I'm not just running against Joe Biden. I'm running against the left wing media, silicone valley, senses who want to manipulate and control the American people.

No, it's unbelievable. And if you say anything bad about Biden, they block you. They take you down. Or they make it so you can't go on any of these sites, Twitter or any of them. It's unbelievable. Some high quality people. They put up a story from the New York Post, fourth largest newspaper in the country and the oldest by far, founded by Alexander Hamilton.

Somebody puts up a story about this Biden corruption, which is incredible, and they block the story and take down the site. It's unbelievable.  The great Charlie Kirk. Charlie Kirk. But many of them, when you vote, we will continue to fight for American workers, lower drug prices. We are bringing drug prices down.

Way down; its already happened. Support our great police. Protect the second amend. Defend our borders that ensure more products are proudly stamped with that very beautiful phrase, "Made in the USA", like the old days. We go back to the old days sometimes. Made in the USA. People used to be so proud of that.

We are again. We will deliver record prosperity, epic job growth, groundbreaking therapies. The therapies are unbelievable. By the way, here I am. I don't know, maybe I didn't need it. Maybe I didn't need it, but I'm happy I took that Regeneron. Regeneron. Superman. And a safe vaccine, and we have many of our greatest companies and labs that are coming out very quickly with the vaccines.

They're doing great. Very shortly. Very quickly. It's going to be delivered fast. That will quickly end the pandemic. It's ending anyway. We're rounding the turn, but the vaccine will get it down fast. Because we want normal life to resume. Normal life. We just want normal. Normal life. Normal life. And next year will be the greatest economic year in the history of our country.

You know, last year, last year New Hampshire had by far the best year economically that they've ever had and I can say that for every state in the union. I really think just about. I don't have to go check. I don't have to be like Joe where he has no idea, you know? You just said no, its uniform. I think just about every state in the union.

And you see what's happening now. We have a super V. We're covering at a level. Housing starts. The Atlanta fed just predicted -- now this is not a forecast by me, this is Atlanta fed, that GDP has risen, will rise, for the third quarter, which will end, by the way, it'll be I think the number will be produced on November 1st, which is just before, but hopefully you'll have voted by that time.

That's the crazy thing. Everybody will have voted before some of this incredible comes in, but the news has been very good anyways. They're predicting GDP up 35%. Nobody's ever had that. Right? I don't know what the record is, but like eight or nine or something, maybe, is the record? But this is 35% up, faster than any other country anywhere in the world.

We went down last and we've gone up faster. So within my first year in office, I delivered the largest tax cuts and reform in the history of our country. We cut taxes $2,200 a year, so that's for the typical American family. We doubled the child tax credit $1000 a child, and we increased median household income to the highest levels ever recorded.

Highest. Then we had to close it up, save millions of lives. At least two million lives, and now we're opening it up. The radical, Biden-Harris agenda, what do you think of Harris? Oh boy. More liberal than crazy Bernie. Can you believe it? So you have crazy Bernie. He's crazy, it's no question, but he's a good sport.

He's a great sport. No no. Have you ever seen anybody lose so much and be so happy about it? It's happened now twice. Is Bernie running again in four years? Media, is Bernie Sanders projected to run again in four years? I think so. He'll be up there. One thing about him, he fights, but somehow doesn't mind losing because Elizabeth Warren, a neighbor of yours -- Elizabeth Warren, super radical left, not as bad as Bernie, and by the way, not even close to Kamala, but if she would've -- and I say it all the time, if she would've left, because she was gone, she was gone.

If she would've left before super Tuesday, Bernie would've won every single state. That sleepy Joe. He was shocked when he won. They said, "Joe, you won." He said, "What? What? I did? How? What happened?" Well, Elizabeth Warren stayed in the race, Joe, so when people voted, they split the vote, so Bernie Sanders would've gotten all of it.

He didn't have to get all of it, if he got just a few more votes, he would've won everything. I mean literally, really. But it would have gotten almost all of them. He said, "Oh. Okay. Explain how does that work?" I said, "Forget it Joe." He wanted to know how that worked. The radical Biden Harris agenda si projected to slash the typical American's income, and you saw this in the Wall Street Journal, income by $6,500 a year over a short period of time.  And also, it will destroy at least five million jobs.  Joe Biden is promising the largest tax hike in American history.

This is the first time, I said it last night, we were in Ohio. We were in Wisconsin. We were in North Carolina. I'm doing three or four of these suckers a day. That's not bad. And he's got the lid on every -- I said, "Where is he campaigning?" "Sir. He's decided -- " You can't have a president --in this world where you have President Xi, President Putin, Kim Jong-un, and lots of people.

You can not have a low energy president. Now, there's a reason he's got the lid and I'm trying to figure it out. And I have a feeling --It's because of the corruption, because he can't have -- Did you see where he walked out, in prime time, right after ti happened, holding ice cream, right? And the press asked him, "What flavor is it, sir?

What flavor?" "Uh. I think it's vanilla and chocolate." That was the ques -- They don't as me questions like that. What flavor, sir? I don't think he likes me too much. We better win. No. He's not a nice guy. He's not. No, people that knew him in prime time. People that knew him in prime time. He was never a nice guy.

Phony guy. He was never a nice guy. I don't think he's a nice guy. But now he's probably more agitated than ever before. Biden's four trillion dollar tax increase is a missile aimed at the heart of the middle class and middle class families. That's all it is. You're going to lose all of your jobs. These companies are all going to go back where they came from.

We brought in tremendous numbers of companies. I mean, look at the auto business. We hadn't had a factory in 40 years, and now they're opening up all over Michigan. All over the place. Ohio, North Carolina, South Carolina. We didn't have, I'd say to the Prime Minister Abe, a great, great gentleman who retired.

He got, he had a problem. Medical problem but he retired, I'd say, "Shinzo, you got to open some factories in Michigan. You got to open up some factories in the U.S. I don't care where. You got to open up factories Shinzo. You're selling too many cars made in Japan. You got to make them in the U.S." And he'd say, "Well, I don't do that.

I mean, look, we don't have anything to do with that. This is done by the private sector." I said, "Shinzo, you're a powerful man. You can do it." "I really can't" I said, "You have to do it." Next day, they announced five companies were opening up factories, so that was yet another. And he's a great guy.

Shinzo. And I hope he's going to be well. He was a great leader of Japan. In my second term I will pass another historic middle class tax cut. It's already -- No Biden, you know all my life I've been studying politics. I watched it. I was on the other side. I was a contributor to like everybody. They came to my office.

I was a contributor to everybody. And they would come in. But all my life I watched and I'd watch taxes. And I've never seen this before. Where somebody goes, "We will raise your taxes. Vote for me." No. It's never happened. I've always watched politicians, "We will cut your taxes. We will cut your taxes.

We will cut your taxes." Biden gets up, "We will raise your taxes."  And people say, "Oh." A lot of people don't get it. They'll go like, "Oh. Did I hear that right?" No. He's going to raise your taxes. So Biden wants to eliminate oil. Think of it in Texas. You saw him in the debate the other night.

No, he can't get away with that. I said, "So tell me." Because he almost made it. And then that last question. Got 'em. And Kristen who is, you know, not particularly in my camp, I thought she did a good job, to be honest. I thought she did a good job. She look at him, she goes, "Why would you do that?" And then I said, "Yeah.

Why would you do that?" And unfortunately for his party he said he will transition out of oil. And I said, "Are you listening Texas?" Right? Are you listening Pennsylvania? And are all the people in the country because we have an energy independent country right now. And once, after we get New Hampshire and New England, the pipeline cutting across New York, which we're very close to getting, you will have energy prices that will be like low, very low, (cheering) very low.

And nobody else will be able to get that pipeline, that I can tell you, nobody else (clapping, cheering). That means that no heat in New Hampshire winters, $5 dollar a gallon gasoline, much more than that, I think. Think of it, what are you now, $2 dollars? And you'll go under $2 dollars, right, $2 dollars, right?  Armenia.

You know, Armenia? We're working on that. You know, we're working. We did it with Kosovo and Serbia. Do you believe, I got three nominations for the Nobel Peace Prize? Can you believe it? Can you believe it? The Middle East, we're doing peace. I did it the opposite way of what these fools did for years. We -- we just signed the third Sudan yesterday, we signed.

So we have Bahrain, UAE, United Arab Emirates, led by a great gentleman, a great leader, a great warrior, actually, Mohammed. And yesterday, we got Sudan. I mean, no blood in the sand, no cost, no this, no that -- the opposite way. And then we got one, Serbia, we had Serbia, 'cause this relates to Armenia, we had Serbia-Kosovo.

We're doing a trade deal. I said, "Wait a minute," these people, right, Serbia, "these people have been killing themselves." They've been killing each other for years, and years, and decades, and we're dealing with both of them unrelenting. I said, "Fellows, if you don't get your act together, we're not going to deal with you.

What the hell do we have to deal for? We don't have to." You know, we're doing trade deals. I said, "Wait a minute, they've been fighting each other and killing each other for years." I told my people, "Tell 'em they gotta work a deal. Otherwise, we're not gonna do a deal with either of 'em." . And you know what?

They hugged and they kissed in the Oval Office, and they were so happy. And this is after many years. Nobody thought they could come together. Nobody thought they'd come together. That deal was worse than Israel, if you think about it, and the Palestinians. Israel and the Palestinians, they say, can't. It'll come together, it'll come together.

We stopped paying. We used to give the Palestinians $750 million dollars a year. And I said, "Look, we're not gonna pay you. If you're not gonna make a deal, why would we pay?" And other people said that was a terrible thing. It wasn't a terrible thing. Because they'd say, "Death to America. Death to Israel," you know, etc., etc.

And now, they wanna talk, they all wanna talk. So we have three countries, we have many countries lined up. You'll end up with peace in the Middle East, with nothing, (cheering) but -- for nothing. And a neighbor of yours, John Kerry, said, two years ago, "It would be impossible to do the deal that way." No, no, that's the only way you can do the deal.

And it'll all come -- it's all coming together beautifully. We're gonna have peace in the Middle East. What we've done is pretty amazing, but with Serbia-Kosovo, so they're -- so we signed a deal, so they gave me a Nobel Prize for that. They gave me a Nobel Prize for something else. They should give me a Nobel Prize for what I did in Syria.

When I say Nobel Prize, nomination. I don't know, you know, I don't know, I don't know -- but with Serbia. So now we have Armenia. Look at the Armenia. They are (cheering) incredible people. They're fighting like hell, right? They're fighting like hell. (cheering) And you know what? We're gonna get something done because --  -- Thank you, and I love you, too.

You know, the Armenians have had a tough -- they've had a tough go. But I saw, in fact I was in, yesterday, Ohio, actually. I was in Ohio during -- 'cause I went to various stuff. But in Ohio we had a tremendous group of Armenians, with the flag, and the whole thing, the spirit. And the problems that they have, in the death, and the fighting, and everything else, we'll get that straightened out.

That's gonna be -- I call that an easy one, okay? We'll get that. Go back and tell your people. Go back and tell your people. All right? We'll get that straightened out -- Armenia, why not? It's easy. If you know what you're doing -- if you know what you're doing, it's like that. If you know what you're doing, it's easy, but we will.

But think of that,  with Kosovo-Serbia, I said, "Well, we're doing these, too. We're not doing either deal unless they put it together." And they actually, they both came back, the Prime Ministers, they came back. They were in the Oval Office two weeks ago hugging and kissing. It was an incredible thing, very historic.

And what are we doing? We're saving a lot of lives. We're saving a lot of good people from being killed. See, normally, I wouldn't tell you all this stuff, but we're into the afternoon. Where are we going from here? There's no more NFL that you watch. Where the hell are we going? Biden is also , you think sleepy Joe would be doing these things?

I don't think so. I don't think. He'd go back to bed. Hillary used to spend a lot of time in bed too. But she had more energy than him. She did. She had m-. They said, "What's the difference between crooked Hillary Clinton and Biden?" I said, "Well, they obviously they're both crooked but let's get out of that.

The big difference is, she had more energy but not much and she's a more intelligent person." I will say this, she's a much more intelligent person. Until she used the word "deplorable" so I thought she was very smart. Biden has also vowed to impose the highest business tax rate in the developed world on companies that created jobs in our country.

They came over here, they created jobs. They'll be gone in two minutes, triggering a, would trigger a mass exodus of companies and jobs out of America and back into the places they came for or other places. That's what happens, they would leave. And we don't want people to leave. We want them to stay. We want those jobs and we want that income.

You've had to believe already under NAFTA. Biden also pledged to eliminate our tariffs on China. We're taking in tens of millions of dollars. We taxed them where they dumped the steel. We taxed them where they targeted our farmers. I gave our farmers -- This doesn't pertain too much to you but a little bit.

I gave our farmers 28 billion dollars from China because they were targeted. And it kept our farmers solvent and actually strong. In other words, he wants to raise taxes on American factories and give preferential treatment to Chinese factories. There's nobody that wants to see us raise taxes on companies more than China and other countries because they're gonna pick up the business.

So remember this, if Biden wins, China wins. If we win, New Hampshire wins and America wins. Very simple. Very simple. Besides that, how can he make a deal with China when he's taking a lot of money out of China, right? For himself and his family. His son walked away with a billion and a half dollars. He gets fees on a billion and a half -- So how can a guy like that -- Seriously, did you see the letter, oh that he that laptop he's got?

You know the lap -- You know what it's called? I said it last night in Wisconsin. It's called the laptop from hell, right? That laptop. That laptop is not good. But did you see that he wants ten million dollars a year from China for introductory reasons? In other words, he's gonna introduce them to people.

You know who the people are gonna be? His father. Gonna introduce them to his father. So this guy was, he won't say why and how, on sadly, no longer in the navy, right? Empty years, nothing. And then his father becomes vice-president and now he's making tens of millions of dollars. It's wrong. It's wrong.

And Joe's making it too, by the way. Joe's making it too. 10%. We've got to give 10% to the big guy. Oh, what does that mean? Tell us. What is 10% to the big guy mean? Explain that. That's why Joe has got the -- That's why Joe has the lid on. The Biden tax hikes will also reimpose Obamacare's individual mandate penalty, which I ended.

I ended the individual mandate. Most unpopular part. Which really makes it not even Obamacare anymore. We took it the most, the most egregious thing in Obamacare was the individual mandate. You had to pay fortune for the privileges of not paying a fortune to have terrible health insurance, all right. And in the meantime, we've brought the rates down.

We've done it well. We've done a great job with it but much better would be if we come up with brand new healthcare. We'll see what happens in the Supreme Court. Always protecting people with pre-existing conditions. Always. 80% of this tax will fall on Americans making less than $50,000 a year. You know, he keeps talking about the $400,000, that's not, it doesn't work that way and he knows that.

Well, he doesn't know but the people surrounding him. There's virtually no aspect of American life that Joe Biden does not wanna tax and regulate into oblivion. And worse will be the regulations because the taxes will go through the roof but I think that the biggest reason we were successful is that I took off more regulations than any president, whether it's four years, eight years or in case sworn.

He will also massively cut your so -- he's always wanted to do this. Massively cut your social security and your medicare and it's all part of the war on the middle class. I don't -- I think he -- I don't know, I don't know what he's thinking. I'd never seen a politician that wants to hurt Social Security that survives and then he denied it but you'll see in a second because you don't have to take my word for it.

Just listen to Biden explain his crazy views and crazy plans, just a little while ago. So roll out the video, I do this because I love this state. I spent a fortune for that so I hope it works, I hope it works.

So he did try to cut your Social Security. Just like he, he said for a year there will be no fracking.

And then he got through that and he goes to Pennsylvania and he says, "You can frack" and then he denied that. And the media never did anything about it. They don't ask him the question -- But the other day, fortunately in the debate, in one of the better parts of the debate he said he's getting rid of it so I think Pennsylvania's going to -- he will not let you frack.

It's not him. His party will never let you frack, okay? It's a million jobs in Pennsylvania and for you it's billions of dollars in energy costs. I will cut your taxes, not raise them, and I will always protect Medicare and Social Security, just like I've been doing. This election is a choice between a Trump recovery and I call it a Trump super recovery cause that's what's happening you see that now.

And a Biden depression. If he gets in, you're going to have a depression, the likes of which you've never seen before where the possible exception of 1929. He's gonna raise your taxes through the sky. He's gonna put all those regulations, it would take 18 years to get a highway approved. We have it down to two which I can get down to one.

And it may not get approved for environmental or safety reasons but you're gonna know very quickly we have regulations cuts, nobody had ever seen anything like it. He wants to put all that garbage back in all that wasted, wasted stuff, and we have more cuts to come. And we need regulations, we're gonna have regulations.

But it's gonna be reasonable, it's not gonna be where it's impossible to build a simple road from point A to point B. So you have a choice two hardship between a Trump boom or a Biden lockdown. He wants to lock it down. He said "no, I'd lock it down". We're not locking down, we understand the disease. We're gonna take such, and we've been taking care of our elderly, especially with heart or diabetes problems.

And we're gonna take care of it, and we're gonna be careful, and we're gonna be vigilant, but we're not locking down. He would lock it down in a heartbeat. You know what. A Biden lockdown would permanently destroy the lives and dreams of tens of millions of our citizens, wipe out what will be and what's turning out to be the greatest economic comeback of all time, you see what's happening.

Desperately hurt our small businesses. Inflict lasting harm on our children and massively reduce life expectancy for the American people. Life expectancy. So for the American people, you see what happens. And I came up with a statement. I don't know, I think it was me. They'll try and find somebody else said it 25 years ago.

The cure cannot be worse than the problem itself. When you look at what's happening in these lock downs right? I mean look at Michigan, how's she's so vicious. She's vicious to everybody but her husband, he can do whatever he wants. He can go sailing, he can do whatever he wants. Now but look at we won that case in the supreme court.

Michigan has to open, it was unconstitutional. She was running like jail cells over there and Pennsylvania, and, right, and so many other places. But fortunately you people are in good shape. You're in good shape. You have no complaints. Lock downs will also lead to a surge in drug overdoses. That's what's happening.

Drugs, alcohol, depression, suicides all over the place, tremendous family disputes like they never had before. It's a horrible thing that happens. The cure cannot be worse. Under my leadership, we have marshaled the full power of government in our fight to end the opioid epidemic to help those addicted and to keep our precious children from getting hooked on drugs.

It had a tremendous impact and it's really, you know. Because this was one of the first states that I really worked hard on a campaign and I learned so much from that whole drug problem from New Hampshire. This is really the place because -- and you have incredible law enforcement police, fire departments, where I met with them and they know this.

They know this problem better than the experts. Biden is the shut down candidate. The democrats are the shutdown party. They will shut down your jobs, shut down your schools, your businesses, your police departments, your energy. They'll shut down your freedom and they will shut down the greatest economic comeback in the history of our country.

That's what we're doing. What we're do -- do you know how hard it was for me to say "we'll shut it down". You know we have the greatest economy in history. We're blowing away China. China was supposed to overtake us 10 years ago. 2019 they were gonna over take us. They were so far behind we left them in the dust.

Now all of a sudden we have to shut it down. But we saved, remember, 2.2 million people were gonna die. We saved two million people, and now we're opening up, and it was a great honor. We had such incredible people. Ventilators, what we did with ventilators. Nobody had -- we didn't have ventilators. And now we're making them for the entire world.

We have all we can use in our country. We got along great with a lot of the governors. Some governors, they were all thankful on the phone. "Sir, this is incredible for what you've done for this state, that state, that -- " If they happen to be not good people, they would then go out and see the reporters.

These people right there and they'd say "we're not happy with the job the President is doing." We got them gowns, and masks, and googles, and ventilators, and everything else. But now we have the vaccines coming way ahead of schedule. If this were another administration, you wouldn't have vaccines for three years.

If this were another administration, you wouldn't have Regeneron that nobody heard of four years ago. You wouldn't have these new super-drugs. And you'll look at the mortality rate, down 85%. 85. Yet a -- a -- absolutely incredible. And then you look at Europe, with what's going on, you know, they always use to use Europe, now they're not using it anymore.

Yet as we've seen from surging cases in Europe, their never ending shutdowns that just never stops. Europe, shut it down tight. Shut it down tight. And now they have a surge. And it'll work out but it should've never happened. Should've never happened from China. They closed up most of China but they didn't close the world.

They let it come to Europe, the US, the rest of the world. Joe Biden has made a corrupt bargain in exchange for his party's domination. He's handed control of his party over to the socialists. He's handed it over to some very, very bad people. Very, very -- They are filled, and I've seen it, they are filled with rage and desperate for power.

This election day, the people of New Hampshire must stop the anti-American radicals by giving Joe Biden, and it's really not Joe Biden, it's the people that control him, the people that surround him, because Joe doesn't have a clue. Joe doesn't have a clue. I really believe he doesn't have a clue. And, you know, we can be nice and we can say, "Oh, it's okay," or, "Let's vote for him.

We feel sorry," there's nothing to feel sorry about. This is a very, this is our democracy. This is our country. We have to do what's right. And he's not a nice person. He's not a nice person. We have to give the democrats a thundering defeat and that includes congress, that includes your senate. You have a very good, by the way, you have a very good senate candidate, I hope you're gonna get out there.

Because Corky, you know Corky is, uh, where is he, is he here? Corky? Corky Messer? Where's Corky? Corky Messer is doing great, I hear he's doing great. Right? Is he? He better do great. He's running for somebody that doesn't help our nation very much, I will tell you that.  So I, I hope you gonna be able to get out and vote for Corky and congressional candidates Matt Bowers and Steve Negron.

Right, they, where are they? Where are they? Where are they? Hello fellas. Thank you very much. Good luck. Good luck. And also, a friend of mine who's been with me from day one, GOP Chairman, Steve Stepanek, where's he? Where is he? Steve, are we doing okay 'cause otherwise you're gonna be fired so fast, you're head -- We doing good?

Steve is great. He loves this state and he loves our country and he's the head of the GOP and he tells us we're gonna win. He says, "Sir, could you come up for a rally?" I said, "When would you like it?" "How about Sunday?" I said, "That's great." So I got in -- It's okay. So I got in about 1 o' clock in the morning, just left -- Actually four states.

Left Florida, right, worry about it. I went to North Carolina, I went to Ohio. I did a big one in Ohio, the crowds were unbelievable. It's an unbelievable state. We got Big Ten football back. I got it back. You know why? 'Cause Biden and his group said, "Donald Trump killed Big Ten football." I said, "What do I have to do with Big Ten, what's this all about?" And then I said, "Well, not only didn't we kill, I didn't even know they weren't gonna open.

I, you know, I'm more focused on China, if you don't mind." And when I heard that, I said, "That's terrible." I called the commissioner of football, the commissioner of Big Ten, nice guy. Warren. I said, "Commissioner, we gotta get it back." And he was good and we worked very hard. I had a great group of people, Tim Pataki and some others.

And we got it back and then we got Pac-12 back too. I said, "Get it back. Get it back. We gotta get it back." So we have Big Ten opened up. Ohio State won and Wisconsin won so they both won. It's nice if they won. I wouldn't have wanted to go there if they lost but they don't lose too often. But Steven has been with us from the beginning and he's been fantastic.

He was with us for the great primary win which was so good. And another man who's been incredible. He was from day one. He said, "Sir, you're going to win." I said, "Say it again." "You're going to win sir." And he's a real character. And he's a really good guy. And his name, I'm sure nobody every heard of him, Corey Lewandowski.

Where is Corey? Oh, there they are. I'm looking for these people. Hi, Corey. Are you doing okay, Corey? Are we going to win, Corey? We better win, Corey. I'll never speak to you again. I'll never speak to you again. Hey, Corey, next time you can take a bigger chunk of the runway, please. We get everybody, okay.

Pretty good crowd, right? But even bigger, is what's outside, what's outside. No, Corey's been a friend of mine for a long time. He's great. He does, he loves his state, and he loves our country, and he's a great person. He's a great person. In my first three years, we built the greatest economy of the history of the world and now we are doing it again.

You know, I see the hat, "Make America Great Again Again." Make America great again again. I'm going to add another again. This way I can sell you all an extra hat. It all goes to the campaign. Make America great again again. No, we did. We had it. It was the greatest. We had the greatest economy. And I'll tell you something.

We were coming together. I was getting -- of course, you've heard me say this. I was getting calls from people that normally I wouldn't be getting calls from. We had the best numbers, the best everything, in every way. And things were happening. Success will bring us together and we're going to soon have that same -- We will soon be in that position again.

Very soon. We increased family income over 6000 dollars, more than five times the gains in all eight years. So think of that. In three and a half years, we did more than they did in eight years times five. I mean, think of that. African-American unemployment, Hispanic-American unemployment and Asian-American unemployment all reached the lowest levels ever recorded.

Women had unbelievable numbers, and more women were working than ever at any time before. Think of it. Think of it. Think of that. And by the way, suburban women, you know that. I got rid of the regulation. You know, they keep saying, "He's not going to do well with suburban women." And you know why they say that?

Why? Because I'm going to stop crime. You know their next spot, the Antifa people. It only happens with the Democrat run areas, right? But -- Like in Portland. But their next stop is suburbia. But I got rid of the regulation that will allow projects to be built right alongside of your home, and I think that -- I have a feeling suburban women are going to be voting for Trump.

And, you know, if Biden -- If Biden get in, gets in, they're putting that regulation, very specific, they're putting that regulation back, and you're going to have low income housing and projects built, you're going to have crime like you never saw and you're going to want to get the hell out of suburbia.

So I think we're going to do very well with suburban women, and I think it's going to be one of the surprise. Remember last time four years ago? Well, listen, I suffered with this for six months. My wife would say -- Our First Lady, by the way, says hello to everybody. She tested positive also. How about that?

She was positive and then she was better within a few days, you know? But she -- Thank you. But she's good. People love -- They love Melania. Every time I go, they have signs, "We love our First Lady. We love our First Lady." She's great. Great First Lady. She represents you well, I can tell you. They don't treat her fairly, but that's all right.

She understands it very well. She's uh, she's done a great job. Very popular. But when you look at what we've done and the last time, right, four years ago, "He will not do well with women." Right, Corey? Remember that? "He will not do well with women." And they said, "Wow, he did well with women," after their crying, their crying.

They said, "What happened? What happened? He did well with women." Was that the greatest evening, really? Remember? Remember I wasn't going to win Florida, wasn't going to win North Carolina, wasn't going to win Pennsylvania. Michigan wasn't even talked about, nobody had won Michigan for decades and decades, Republican.

Wasn't going to win Wisconsin, same thing. All the sudden they start, the evening begins. Donald Trump has won the state of Ohio by eight points, nobody ever thought it possible, that hasn't happened -- So I start off with Ohio, and they all said, eight points? What's going on! That's when we knew there was something happening.

Eight points. Donald Trump won -- then we won Florida, we won Georgia, we won South Carolina. Then we won their firewall, they called it North Carolina, they spent a fortune, they spent a fortune in North Carolina and we won North Carolina. Then we just ran it up and it was a beautiful thing. Right? Do it again! And then you saw these very unbiased anchors with the tears coming down -- they were very unbiased.

Remember John King with the red board, right? His had was shaking at the end we was like "well this is not that bad that she lost Florida, that Hillary lost Florida. She can do -- " but then, you know, when we saw it getting into Pennsylvania and North Carolina, they started getting a little bit worried, right?

Now that was an amazing evening, and we're going to have an even more amazing evening in 10 days. After the virus hit, we recovered faster than any major nation in the world. We're in the process now, but there's no nation in the world that's recovered like we've recovered. Since April, we created a record 11.4 million jobs.

We've spent the last four years reversing the damage Joe Biden and Obama inflicted. Look, look. We've done more in 47 months than sleepy Joe has done in 47 years. And I really mean it, too. I really do. Biden is the living embodiment of the corrupt and treacherous political class that I've had to deal with! I've had to deal with! Nobody told me the swamp was going to be that vicious or that deep.

Swamp creatures, I have -- I can't even believe it. I thought, I thought it would be a lot easier. They're tougher, smarter, more vicious and we're beating the hell out of them. We're beating the hell out of them. And they got rich by bleeding America dry, these same wealthy interests are now funding my opponent's campaign.

By the way, you know all the money he raised? I could raise much more. I could sit for one day in the White House and call up every guy on Wall Street, the heads of every firm, I need 10 million, I need 25 million right now, give it to the campaign. I'd have money, I would set every record in the book. I don't want to do that, because when you do that, when you do that -- number one, we don't need it.

Remember last time we had -- I mean Hillary spent three or four times more money. Its not about the money. In fact, recently I was criticized. They said, Hillary Clinton raised more money than Donald Trump. I said what the hell? Cause you know, we won. And they're bragging that she raised more money. My father taught me a long time ago, if you can win and spend less money, that's a good thing not a bad thing.

Right? That's a good thing. But I would have those donors, I would be -- they would be talking Trump raised 900 million dollars. I could do that so easy but I don't want to do that. If I do that -- you'll see there's something wrong. I'm the president of the United States, I know many of these people. Every time he raises big money like that, they've made deals.

They've made deals, they're very simple. I serve the people. Joe Biden has proven to be a corrupt politician, whether you like it or not. He's a corrupt politician. And if I don't sound like a typical Washington politician, it's because I'm not a politician. And the people of New Hampshire, you had a lot to do with it because that was a very big win we had here in that primary.

And you don't want a politician. If I don't always play by the rules of the Washington establishment, it's because I was elected to fight for you and I fight harder than any president has ever fought before. I ended the NAFTA nightmare and you know it better than anybody else, you have the scars of it better than almost any other place in the United States.

And proudly signed the brand new USMCA which is just kicked in. Whole different ball game. I wouldn't say Mexico and Canada are thrilled with that deal but that's okay. I took the toughest ever action to stand up to China, under my leadership. We achieved the most secure border in U.S. history. And the wall, is going to be finished very shortly over 400 miles, we're doing 10 miles a week. 10 miles a week.

We're doing 10 miles a week, Biden and Harris, the wall, you notice they don't talk about the wall anymore. They used to say, the wall will never get built. They'd say everyday, front page hammering me, hammering me. I had a major party, the Democrats, along with the fake news media, and now we find out big tech.

And the RINOs too, the RINOs. You know, the RINOs in many ways they're worse than all of us. That's Republican in name only. Does anybody, no, no, I had this major group of guys and they used to hammer me. The wall will not happen, it will not happen. Then I won a couple of cases, they kept saying, then the wall started.

Now they never mention the wall anymore. And by the way, Mexico is paying for the wall, you do know that okay? A fee. Biden and Harris have put forward the most radical immigration plan ever conceived by a major party. Including, nationwide catch and release, which means, open borders. It's a disaster. Catch, you catch a murderer.

You catch a rapist. You know they're murderers, you know they're rapists. And you release them only into our country. If you don't mind, I ended it, and it was very tough to end it. It was very tough. And then Joe said the other night, and they come back to court. No, no, no. They never come back. I told him, only a very low IQ individual comes back.

They never come back. He said they come back for a trial. They say, come back in 4 years, and then nobody comes back. Why would they come back? There's no reason to come back, they would never come back. Only, I'm serious, like 1 percent, or a tiny fraction comes back. And he was so solid on that, right.

You saw that. They then come back for a trial. He was making it sound, catch and release was a disaster. I ended it. We're not letting criminals into our country. Our country would surrender control of our border and we would surrender control to the cartels in Mexico, who are vicious. The Biden border plan would be the biggest gift in the history.

Any, there's never been anything like it to drug traffickers. To human traffickers. They traffic in women, not so much children. Not men, almost at all. They traffic in women. And because of the wall they can't come in. This is a problem by the way, that's all over the world. This is not just us and southern border.

This is a modern day problem at a level that it's never been before. They traffic in women, all over the world. And it's because of the internet. Because of the computer. But, it's because of the internet. And children to a much lesser extent. But, women. But the drug traffickers would be allowed to freely infiltrate our country.

And pump their poison into our towns, and schools, especially places like New Hampshire. Where it was so prevalent before I came onto the scene and it's been a lot better. And we're gonna get it much, much better. Under my administration, over the last 3 years, border patrol and ICE have seized over 2 million pounds of deadly narcotics.

That's a number that is unthinkable. We even have our Navy, our ships are now in the Gulf and in the Pacific, getting it. Because when we closed up the border, they went by water. Okay, they don't miss a trick. They're very smart, but we're seizing tremendous amounts uh, in the ocean and in the Gulf. Working with Columbian officials, we've also seized, or disrupted 227 tons of poisonous narcotics since April.

That's just since April. And then Joe Biden goes out and says the other day that America is nothing more than an idea. No, America is a great country. That's what it is. It's not an idea. It's a great place. And you can't have a great country unless you have borders. Unless you have borders. We invested 2.5 trillion dollars in the U.S. military, all made in the USA.

Much of it in New Hampshire. And we have weaponry, missiles, rockets, tanks, planes, tankers, submarines, submarines. We have, we have weapons. We're the envy of the world. Russia, China, North Korea. You take any, we're the envy of the world and they all know it. Our nuclear plants are all brought back to perfect condition, or new.

And just hope to God we never have to use it. But you know what, it's gonna be far less likely to use when we have it, but it's all been brought back. We have the greatest weapons any -- the hydrosonic missiles that go 7 times faster than a normal very fast missile. We have the greatest equipment any -- we're, we're the envy of the world and hopefully, hope to God, we don't have to use it.

We passed big veterinaria, where's Big Al? Where's Al? I used to love that guy. We passed V.A. Choice and V.A. Accountability. We got it done, right? We got it done so now instead of waiting in line for weeks and weeks and days and days and -- we uh, we have your V.A. Choice. You go to a doctor, you get yourself taken care of, we pay the bill and it's just been a great thing.

We just got a 91% approval rating from the Vets. The highest we've ever had by a lot. How's Al? Is he around? Where's Al? Where's Al? Where's Al? Al did I do a good job with the Vets? Look at him. Al was great. Al was so depressed when I first started running. I saw him, I just liked him. A big Vet, he headed up some groups and he was telling me how badly the Vets were treated so Al, we got 91% approval rating from the Vets.

Thank you Al. And I hope you're feeling good, you're feeling all right, right? He went through a lot. We killed the leader of ISIS, al-Baghdadi. We killed him. Took out 100% of the ISIS . And we took out the mass-murderer of American troops and many others. Soleimani is dead. The both of them, dead.

Worst terrorists. I withdrew the last administration's disastrous Iran Nuclear Deal. 150 billion dollars, 1.8 billion in cash. I withdrew. The deal was nothing. And by the way, the first call I get if we win will be from the leaders of Iran. They want to make a deal because their country is going to hell with the sanctions.

They're down 26 or 27% in GDP which I think is a record also. I recognize the true capital of Israel and opened the American Embassy in Jerusalem, and instead of never-ending wars we are forging peace in the Middle East. No more blood on the . A vote for Republicans is a vote for safe communities, great jobs, and a limitless future for all Americans, and do a -- do me a favor.

Vote for your Senator please. He's going to be, he's going to be such a great Senator. I don't know, it's probably a tough race, but you should vote -- he will be fantastic. He's what we need. And in conclusion, I want to just say this. A vote for Republicans is really a vote for the American dream because we're about the American dream.

And in conclusion, over the next four years we will make America into the manufacturing superpower of the world and we will end our reliance on China once and for all. It's already happening. It's already happening. That's already happening. We will hire more police. We love our police. Increase penalties for assaults on law enforcement and we will ban deadly sanctuary cities.

We will uphold religious liberty, free speech and the right to keep and bare arms. And we're giving you a great new Supreme Court Justice by the way. That'll take place on Monday. The Democrats are thrilled. Monday. Three of them, all great. We will maintain America's unrivaled military might and we will ensure peace through strength.

We will end surprise medical billing. Require price-transparency, already signed and done. Goes into affect on January first. Lower drug prices, Favorite Nations lowest prices in the world. I'm instituting Favorite Nations, the drug companies do not love me too much. They've taken more ads than everybody's ever taken but that's okay.

People understand and we will always protect patients with pre-existing conditions. Always. We will stop the radical indoctrination of our students and restore patriotic education to our schools. We will teach our children to love our country, honor our history and always respect our great American flag.

And we will live by the timeless words of our national motto, "In God We Trust." For years, you had a president who apologized for America. Now, you have a president who is standing up for America and standing up for the great people of New Hampshire. I'm standing up. For the last four years, you've seen me fight for you, and now I'm relying on you to deliver another historic victory for our country.

Get your friends. Get your family. Get your neighbors. Get your coworkers. Even get your bosses. Say, "Boss, you've got to come with me!" And get out and vote. You've got to get out and vote. From Nashua to Dixville, from Portsmouth to Plymouth, from Concord to Claremont, and from Meredith to right here in Manchester.

I like Manchester. We inherit the legacy of red-blooded New Hampshire patriots who lived by that immortal motto: "Live Free or Die." Live free or die. That's right. That's probably about as good as it gets, right? That's good. We stand on the shoulders of American heroes who crossed our oceans, settled the continent, tamed the wilderness, laid down the railroads, raised up the skyscrapers, won two world wars, defeated fascism and communism, and made America the single greatest nation in the history of the world, and the best is yet to come.

The best is yet to come. Proud citizens like you helped build this country, and together, we are taking back our country. We are returning power to you, the American people. It's happening very quickly. With your help, your devotion, and your drive, we are going to keep on working. We are going to keep on fighting, and we are going to keep on winning, winning, winning.

We are one movement, one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God, and together with the incredible people of New Hampshire, we have made American powerful again, our military. We have made America wealthy again, our stock market, 401(k)s. How are your 401(k)s doing? We have made America strong again.

We have made America proud again. We have made America safe again. And we will make America great again. Thank you, New Hampshire. Thank you.