Thank you very much. Thank you. Whoa, what a crowd. Whoa, what a crowd. I've been here many times. I say, we want car plants built here. We're building a lot of them. We're building a lot of them. Well, hello Michigan, great to be with you. Right? Special place. It's great to be back in this incredible state with thousands of loyal, hard working American patriots.

We're all patriots. 17 days from now we're going to win the state of Michigan. We're going to win four more years in the White House. I'd like to speak with you today about one of the most vital issues in this race. You know what it is? It's the radical left's plan to erase American History, purge American values and destroy the American way of life.

And that's what they're trying to do. We see it every day. That's what they're trying to do, we're not gonna let that happen. This election will decide whether we preserve our magnificent heritage or whether we allow far left radicals to wipe it all away. That's not going to happen. Joe Biden, "Sleepy Joe" has made a corrupt bargain in exchange for his parties nomination.

He has handed control of his party over to the hard core militant left. You know that. You see that every day. The Democrat party you once knew, longer. No, uh, just no longer it exists, right? It's not, this is not the same party. These people are crazy. It's now the party of Socialists, Marxists and left wing extremists.

If Biden wins, the lawless demonstrators in our streets that are around Democrat run cities and states, not Republican run. These are Democrat run and we want to go in and we want to help 'em. And largely, they don't want to be helped. It's an incredible thing. But they're all over our streets and these areas will be ended.

We want to end it. We want to end it. And you know that in theory they're supposed to say, "Please come in." They don't like to say it. Minneapolis, they said it. We went in and boy did that take about what, 30 minutes to solve that problem. And that's why, and that's why we're going to win. Minnesota hasn't been won since 1972 by a Republican.

We're gonna win Minnesota. Of course having people like Omar doesn't hurt either. Omar. Ilhan Omar, she doesn't love our country too much. I don't think so. They crave power and God help us if they ever did get it. God help us. I can tell you that. You just have to look all over the world in different places, God help us.

This election day, the people of Michigan must stop these anti-American radicals by issuing Joe Biden and his group a thundering defeat at the ballot box. And by the way it seems to be happening. It seems to be happening. I don't want to speak too early but, you know, there's a big story out right now. Do you know that?

You know about it right? You know, we're supposed to be way behind until election day when all the Republicans go and, you're gonna have a red wave like you've never seen before. And even the fake news media is saying that we're gonna have a wave. We're gonna have a wave like you've never seen before. But, we're supposed to be way behind, you know, for the first few days.

So it just came out, we're leading. Yes. Early voting. And let's not talk about, trust me. You know what they call that, an early maybe signal? Right? Maybe, who knows, but there's a lot of concern going on out there. This sounds like, a little bit like, four years ago but this should be much bigger because we've done everything we've said and more.

You know, we've done it all. We brought your -- in your case we've brought your plants back. Do you remember 12 years ago or so, I got Man of the Year in Michigan. I said, "Well that's nice." So I came to Michigan and I made this speech like, "Why are you allowing them to take your automobile business, your car making business, why are you allowing them to take it to Mexico and Canada and everyplace else, why are you allowing it?" I made this big deal.

I actually got blasted for it. You know, they named me Man of the Year and I'm complaining, right? But no, I hated what -- it's probably why I'm here. It's probably the number one thing what they were doing to us in trade. But now, now Michigan has many, many factories. You didn't have a factory built for forty years.

Now you have many factories being built, already built and a lot of 'em being expanded. It's a whole different ball game. A whole different ball game. And they come in from Japan, I'll tell ya. He just uh, retired, a great man. Prime Minister Abe. And I said to him, six months ago, I said uh, "Mr. Prime Minister, you've gotta get do, you've gotta get us some more factories.

You're selling cars to us, we're not taxing you." You know, a lot of crazy policies. But, you gotta get us -- And he said uh, "Well, this is a thing for companies." I said, "You have great power, if you wanna do well, the government doesn't give up, you gotta do it." And he said, uh, "Well, we will look in to it." The next day they announced five factories coming in.

And he was, he was a great Prime Minister and a great guy and he's a friend of ours. And uh, he was, of course he had a medical difficulty, but I'll tell you what, what a fabulous guy. But, we had, I mean what you're doing in Michigan has been amazing. Now, you gotta get your governor to open up your state, okay.

And get your schools open. Get your schools open. The schools have to be open, right?  Yeah. Lock 'em all up. And by the way you can show all these people, look where that goes, all the way over to there and all the way -- you can show, turn the cameras. Why don't you take -- they never like turning the cameras.

They never like to show the kind of crowds. That's a lot of people. That's a lot of people. Go ahead, turn your camera. Go ahead, turn it. They don't, they hate to do it. They hate to show the crowds. You know, if you're watching television, which a lot of people are when we do this stuff, or they wouldn't put us on, but they always have like this face right here, this, and about four people.

We've actually made a couple of stars. You know, there's somebody behind me here, here, here, they try and show as few people as possible and if they had a certain look, it worked out pretty well. They became stars right? It's the way it works. That's the way it works. But you know uh, it's really, no it's an honor to have it, we're having these kinds of, of all things all over the country.

I didn't even say, "Was it a big crowd?" I just get off the plane and we talk, and the spirit is so incredible. Our enthusiasm is so incredible. It's so incredible.  Now the spirit is incredible. I don't think there's even been, it's like that little phrase, I won't even say it 'cause you'll say, "Oh, why is he bringing that up?" So I won't say it, but you said it.

But that's never been used before. Nobody's ever heard that before. And we like Ronald Reagan, we like a lot of people. Nobody's ever heard that phrase before. You know why because people, first of all, we've made tremendous progress. We've rebuilt our military, we've cut your taxes at the highest level.

We've gotten rid of more regulations than any President in history no matter how long they were in office. Oh, by the way, we just uh, set a record. By the end of the first term, we will have at, maybe even more than 300 Federal Judges and, and, and, three great Supreme Court Justices. So you have Justice Cavanaugh, Justice Gorsuch, and you have -- Amy is going through right now.

Yeah, she's great. She's done, she's done amazingly well. It's amazing to watch her compared to some of these radical left Senators. It's like from a different ball game, right? It's like, go ahead, go ahead, hold up, we'd like to see your notes. Oh okay, here they are, there's nothing. Unlike Joe, she doesn't need notes.

It's nice, right? Joe, he takes out, the other day, did you see it? He takes out notes, uh 200 billion do -- he's, he's lost it, you know that. The modern left does not use reason or persuasion to advance their cause. They use intimidation, coercion and control, and worse. They demand absolute allegiance or else, and you saw that yesterday.

Did you see Dianne Feinstein? She, Lindsay Graham's a good guy , you know they're friendly, they've been working forever together. And she happened to grab him, he grabbed her, you know, it's a friendly. They want to destroy the woman. These people are sick. I know we want to bring it all together, but we got to sort of work on these things. One of the most sinister weapons of the extreme left culture is a thing called cancel, or cancel culture.

They want to cancel our entire heritage.  If you do not repeat each and every one of their lies, you will be banned, censored. Big tech titans, what they do, they harass, they expel. They fire you from your job or deny the chance to earn a living. Here in Michigan a teacher was fired for tweeting that, "Trump is our president." She got fired.

Where is she, is she here tonight?  Now, can you imagine?  But you know, we got a lot of people that like that. We like that person a lot. Whoever you are, we love you and we'll be there for you. Did you hear about that? Or did you hear about that?

Nobody told me that I'd have 40-mile-an-hour winds today. Would somebody give me a hat? Will you please give me a hat? I got all these hats, I'm the only one without a hat on. Get me a hat, they'll get it. They'll go into that big, beautiful plane. If they don't have a hat in that plane. Look at that. Is that beautiful?  That's a beautiful plane.

We have a beautiful country. Actually I have the exact same plane. . Yeah. Can you  said Boeing 757. It's a beautiful plane. Look at that though, get me a hat out of that plane, please. In Ohio, a high school football player was suspended for displaying a flag honoring our great police.

You saw that.  When The New York Times published a piece by Senator Tom Cotton, by the way, great senator from Arkansas, right? Great, great guy and great senator. The editor of The New York Times had to resign because they put Tom Cotton, he's brilliant. He's a brilliant person, brilliant student, brilliant everything.

They put his piece in The New York Times and the person that put it in had to resign, get, now, can you believe this?  When the Philadelphia Inquirer published a piece saying that rioters shouldn't destroy buildings, that was the end of that journalist. I mean, can you believe it? These are not the tactics of a respectable political movement.

This is the behavior of fascists, and as bad as you can get. The point of cancel culture is not to convince you, it's to humiliate you and break you and control you. But the American people will never submit, we will never apologize, and we not be controlled, and never be broken. No, nobody's seen anything let's, what's going on.

Now, in other countries you have seen it, and those countries have, in every single case, ended up very badly. It's never going to happen to this country, and this country will never be a socialist country, just remember, ever. The most divisive and insidious strategy of the Marxists and the Democrat Socialists, and Communists, in all fairness.

You know, people say, "Oh, that's not nice to use." Well, that's, you know, that's the step. That's the next step, you know. That's where it goes. Is there a crusade against American history, right, American history, and I just brought this out because they had things, I, you wouldn't even believe this. They falsely and constantly smear America as a sinister and racist country that must be torn apart piece by piece.

It has to be torn apart. We're not tearing anything apart. We're here today, and you know the truth. America is the most magnificent, most virtuous nation that has ever existed, the most. We've liberated millions from tyranny, rescued countless millions all around the world from poverty, and built the most exceptional republic in human history.

There's never been anything close. And you know what? I have a little secret just in this group, this small group of thousands of people. We're getting better and better and stronger and we're gonna have the best year we ever had. Yet the radical left despises this glorious inheritance. They despise it. When you watch and you see AOC plus three and you see these people they actually despise it.

Last month the mayor of Washington, D.C. released a report that proposed the idea of removing or altering the Washington Monument, the Jefferson Memorial-  ... the statues of Benjamin Franklin, Andrew Jackson and Christopher Columbus. No, now this is a serious report.  He says they're sick.

I agree. I agree, I just, I'm not allowed to say it, right? No, this was a, a group, a star-spangled group. Let's get rid of the Washington Monument. Oh, that's a great idea, right? No, these people. But you know what, we laugh and we smile and everyone thinks it's... When this first started happening with statues of people that most of us, almost all of us never heard of, you know, started on the... I said, "Be careful, because they'll go after Jefferson, Washington. They'll go after Lincoln."

And it was three years ago, and a friend of mine came to me the other day. He said, "You know, you said this was going to happen." I said, "I did?" He said, "Yeah, you did. You said all of a sudden it'll keep going up." They took out Robert E. Lee. They want to take out Grant. They want to take out anything.

They basically want to take out our heritage, and we're not letting this happen. And Biden has absolutely, Biden has absolutely no control. He's shot, number one. But even if he wasn't shot he never had the kind of control that you have to have to be president. So then you have a group of people that want to blow up a gorgeous thing.

You know, uh, we were leading by so much. This thing wasn't even gonna be an election, and then we had the plague come in, you know. This was, I had to go back to work on this stuff. I didn't have to come to Michigan. I said, "Look, we're building all these plants. You got the best year. You had the best year last year that you've ever had." You're gonna have a better year, you're gonna have a better year, you're gonna have a better year next year.

But this thing was over. You know, look. Nothing's ever over, right? But I would have had to work about one-tenth, maybe less than that. It was essentially, we had the greatest economy, greatest employment. African American, Asian American, Hispanic American, women, with a diploma from high school, without a diploma from high school, top of your class at MIT, it didn't matter.

You had the greatest economy you ever had. And then... And don't worry, it's gonna be, you're gonna have that next year. You're gonna, wait'll you see the third quarter numbers. You're gonna have great numbers, okay? You're gonna have great numbers. But, but, but we had to close it up and we saved millions of lives.

It was supposed to be 2.2, the fake news never says that. But we are rebuilding and we're doing things that you wouldn't believe. But this cancel culture... So when we started, and I had to start all over and I had to do, you know, we had to do things a lot different. Became a lot different country for a period of time because we had this horrible plague that came from China and we're not gonna forget that it came from China.

And all over the world it went, and it came from China, okay? It came from China, the China virus. So things changed, and we signed an incredible trade deal with China, but the ink hadn't even dried and this happened. But I made a speech at a magnificent place called Mount Rushmore, right? Mount Rushmore in South Dakota.

And I made this speech, and I think it was a very good speech, and it was well received and all that. It was so beautiful that, that the whole place... You have to see this. It was so beautiful, and the governor's fantastic. You know Kristi, right? Fantastic. And the people are fantastic, and they're so proud of it.

And then I read where they want to blow up Mount Rushmore before I got there. I mean, they want to blow it up. We want to blow the face off Mount Rushmore. I don't think that's happening (laughs) I think. I think the people of South Dakota might, uh, not, uh, handle that too well, so it's not happening. But think of it, where does this thinking come from?

Where does this sickness come from? And we have to stop it, and we've been. Like, Sleepy Joe said nothing when statues of Christopher Columbus... think of that, Christopher Columbus, they want to blow up all the statues. Now, he just blew the Italian Road by the way, so I don't know. Anybody who's Italian here, by any chance?

Okay. If you're Italian, do you happen to like Christopher Columbus? Christophe, huh? Christopher Columbus, now think of it. You're Italian, they want to blow up... You know, we had it, I think it was in New York, so they wanted to, they were gonna rip down this gorgeous... right in New York, right? And the Italians circled it, they saw.

That was the end of those people. They just sort of went away. You know, they're sitting there and standing there, and they had various things that they were holding. I won't get into that because they'll say, "That's terrible. He's inciting violence, the President." No, but the Italians, a group of Italians that lived in the neighborhood surrounded this particular statue and after about, uh, five minutes of talk back and forth the, uh, the radical anarchists and the Antifa people that nobody ever liked to talk about.

They don't like to say Antifa. You know. They don't like to say Antifa. They like to blame everything on the right. This is the left. They like to blame everything on the right. But the Antifa people, okay, so they wanted to do it, but when they saw this group of people, they said, you know what, let's take a pass.

Let's go someplace else and rip down a statue. But now they're not doing it too much 'cause I signed into law, I signed a bill that gives you ten years in jail if you rip down any federal statue. So, so, like, this is the group though. So this is the statues and memorial recommendation using the mayor's position, Washington, D.C., or in The National Capital Memorial Advisory Commission recommend the federal government remove, relocate the following: Christopher Columbus statue.

Benjamin Franklin statue. Andrew Jackson, great, great general, really good president, a great general -- Andrew Jackson, the Battle of New Orleans, right? Right, the rag tags, remember? He came in with the British. They came in their beautiful uniforms. He had the rag tags. Th-the battle lasted about a half hour, right?

They wanna take that statue of Andrew Jackson down right away, Thomas Jefferson. That's a tough one to take down, right? Thomas Jefferson. They wanna take down the Jefferson Memorial. Anybody see the Jefferson? I don't think we're moving. I'll tell you what, if I wasn't your president last summer, you may have the Jefferson Memorial taken down.

It may be down. They weren't playing games. We weren't playing games either. The George Washington -- Okay here's the beauty We wanna take down the George Washington Memorial, the monument. Okay. Well, this is the commission. This is what we're dealing with folks. This is all  website  they wanted to remove the name of George Washington from all of the places all over the country where they used it.

Then they found there's like 5,000 places. No. We'll keep the name George Washington if you don't mind. If the, if the media would, uh, perhaps, put it correctly, there's a lotta people back there. There's always a lot of people. You know? You watch those red lights. And as soon as I start talking about the red lights go off cause they know what I'm gonna say.

You know, Joe Biden said nothing when statues of Christopher Columbus were in trouble. And a heroic signer of the Declaration of Independence was removed by the Democrat politicians in his home state of Delaware, which he never leaves, in all fairness. Where's Joe Biden speaking today? Delaware. He doesn't speak.

You know what he does? He gets up -- How 'bout his, how 'bout his news conferences where the fake news media gives him the questions and the answers -- They say what do you think about this or that? And then he reads the answer. I've never, I've been doing this stuff not that long, you know. I haven't actually been doing it -- relatively speaking, I've been doing it for a very short period of time, right?

In fact, that's one of the reasons they said I could never win. They said, He's never been a politician. But the fact is they gave him the questions. They gave him the answers. They will ask a question, and he will read to them the answer. And did you see the other night with George Stephanopoulos? It was like, you know, they call 'em softballs.

And then I had to go on with that person, you know, that person She was jumping out of her seat she was jumping out of her seat. And thank you very much, Johnny. Everybody know Johnny? Thank you. He's very conservative. He's a big star. And I hate to say this. It's very incorrect. You don't say it any more.

But the women really like him a lot. Thank you. Thank you. Normally, when I have a hat, I like to take the tie off the back with it, right? I say, is that all right, Johnny, yeah? Okay. Thank you. Thank you, all. So last work, Biden, he attacked Christopher Columbus by refusing to recognize Columbus Day.

And he wants to change the name of Columbus Day to Indigenous Peoples Day. Wh-who likes that idea? Who likes it? What the heck are you saying? That's politically incorrect. See what they don't understand is they're politically incorrect. So he wants to change it to Indigenous Peoples Day. Uh, not as long as I'm president.

Let me just tell you that, okay? But this is what -- You know what, that's just a point. But this is what we're dealing with. This is what we're dealing with. The radical left is eradicating our history. And weak Joe Biden will let them do it. Now, what about his, uh, vice-presidential candidate -- hey and by the way by the way -- I hope she's in good shape, 'cause a number of people in her group have caught COVID, COVID as they say, so we all wish her the best.

Do we all wish her best? Yes We do -- We hope she's doing well, but she's now, uh, I guess, uh, she's in seclusion. Right? How did Mike Pence do against her? He did a great job. Right? That was easy one. I said, Mike, that was an easy one. He's been a great vice president. But he, uh had an easy evening.

I said, Mike, you had an easy evening. That's not fair. San Francisco just announced plans for a fascist purge of the names of local schools, erasing the names of Abraham Lincoln, George Washington, and Thomas Jefferson from all school. What're we gonna do about this, right? Loco. That's Nancy Pelosi, uh, area, you know that's Nancy.

I always say, Nancy, go home and take care of the homeless in San Francisco -- I've never seen you know? So she does. She goes home and takes care of her home, which is a beautiful home. They even wanna erase the names of Democrat senators and Republican senators, current and past you know. They wanna erase the name of Clinton, yeah.

Hey, hey, that'll be next. . Crooked Hillary -- we'll take her name -- does she have her name on anything? I don't know if she's got her name on anything, right? I don't know. If she does, I'm all for it. Take it down. Crooked Hillary. Are we having a good time? Is there ever a better place to be then a Trump rally, you know?

And generally, we don't call it a rally, because, you know, you're not allowed to have rallies 'cause you can't meet more than two people. You know, they had a number of states, and they had it so that -- be -- it was all against me -- I think Minnesota -- but a lot of 'em where you can't have a rally. And it said, You cannot have groups larger than three people.

You cannot have anything to do with politics can't do this -- You can't do that, you can't do that. I said, well, wait a minute, so I'm not precluded from ever going to that state and talking to the people, which is really bad. They said, no, you can't do it. I said, well, is there any exclusion? Yes -- Only protests, right?

Exclusion is a protest. And they didn't even use the word peaceful. I do, 'cause I like to make it sound a little only thing you could do is you could protest. You could riot in the streets of Minneapolis, burn down their stores. You could beat the hell outta people. You could do whatever you want. So I said, I have an idea.

Let's call all our rallies, which we do, peaceful protests. And now, we have no legal problem. Because if we call this a rally, we'd have a problem. So we call it a peaceful protest. So officially, if anyone asks you, like the fake news, when you're walking out, just say, no, no, this was a peaceful protest.

Thank you very much. If you're a moderate Democrat or liberal who knows that your party has gone totally off the rails you have a moral duty to immediately stop this lunacy. You must by law by law, join the Republicans Party. We welcome you to the Republican Party and the party of Abraham Lincoln. You know, I say that A lot of people don't know that.

It's the party of Trump, yeah. Well, we've done a lot -- I'll tell you we've expanded this party see all the -- In Michigan and all those places -- Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Now, your really drive 'em crazy if you say, 12 more years. Thank you 12 more years. Then they, then they say, he is a fascist.

He is a fascist.  Uh -- Lotta -- Only in Michigan. Only in Michigan. So what all of the lawless rioters and flag burners have in common is that they're desperate...

-- to try and have a victory with a person that's totally unqualified mentally to be President, okay. He's unqualified. You know, no, he's unqualified. Ask yourself this question. Do you want to vote for the candidate supported by anti-American rioters? Which he is.  Or do you want to vote for the candidate supported by the heroes of law enforcement in virtually every instance.

Biden will surrender our country to the mob. With your vote, we will save our country from the mob. We will make our country greater than ever before. To ensure that our nation honors the memory of American patriots, I'm establishing a beautiful, vast, it's going to be chosen in the very near future. We have many sites.

A vast outdoor park that will feature the statues of all of the greatest Americans that have ever lived. It's going to be called The National Garden of American Heroes. Isn't that nice?  Now you know me for private life, so I'm thinking about calling it the Trump National Garden of American -- . Somebody said, "Why don't you call it The Trump then?" I said, "No, I don't think I'll get away with that one." To combat the toxic left wing propaganda in our schools, I recently announced that we're launching a new pro-American lesson plan for students called, "The 1776 Commission." We will teach our children the greatness and glory of America, if they don't know it.

But, you know, they're not being taught that. They're being taught that we're not great. I've also issued an executive order to prohibit the teaching of Critical Race Theory in the Federal Government. Critical Race Theory is a Marxist doctrine. Oh you're so lucky that I'm your President because that was getting out of hand.

Oh no, this is getting out of hand. This was getting out of hand. This was getting in the military, this was going all over the place, this was getting out of hand. Critical Race Theory is a Marxist doct -- that rejects the vision of Martin Luther King Jr. and all of our great forefathers and instead forces people to judge each other based on race, skin color and other things that we're not supposed to be thinking about.

We're not supposed to be in any way, shape or form, thinking about -- Critical Race Theory teaches that America is an evil country and that you are part of the suppression from the moment you're born. I will not allow federal tax payers dollars to be used to spread anti-American propaganda. And I went a step further because I ended it for government and some of these guys were getting paid 350,000 a year to destroy our country by the way.

I ended it and then I was told that it's outside of uh, it's really an evil deal going on and very racist, very racist. And, I said, "Well, what's the problem?" They said, "Well, we have a lot of companies that deal and do business with our country. You know, defense companies, a lot of big companies." And I said, "So what's going on?" Well, they're teaching it there too.

So I signed another one just two weeks ago saying that if you do that, you cannot do business with the United States of America. And it was rather incredible how fast all of those people were fired. That was the end of that. But they're lurking, you know, they're part of a problem and they're lurking out there.

They're smart. They're plenty smart. We must reject left wing hate and unite as one proud national family. If sleepy Joe Biden and the Democrats are sl -- elected, every citizen in America will be objected to their extreme ideology possessed by this Marxist madness. They'll kill your jobs, dismantle your police departments, dissolve your borders, raise your taxes, destroy your suburbs.

And I saved your suburbs women. Suburban women, you're supposed to love Trump. I got rid of the regulations. I can't believe it. They can -- you know the fake news keeps saying that suburban women don't like me because they, I don't sound nice. I -- I don't have time to be nice, I've got a lot of work to do for you.

But, I think I'm nice. I want to be nice. I want to help people. But no, you had, you had a regulation that will destroy, and it has been over the years. I've been watching it for a long time. They want to build low income housing projects right next to your house. Would you like a nice low income housing project next to your suburban, beautiful, ranch style house?  Generally speaking?

No.  Though everybody -- He says, "Let Joe live there." Who said that? No, huh. You did. Very good, I think that's -- every once in awhile you hear these like, pearl of wisdom from the audience. He goes, "Let Joe live there." You know, Joe lives pretty well for a guy that has been a uh, politician all his life.

But they want to fund extreme late term abortion, pack your Supreme Court. Well look, then you've gotta, you've gotta get out and vote. Of course based on what I'm reading, Michigan, a lot of you have gotten out and voted. Hey, hey, is that vote still crazy like it was? Is it still like, because you know, I'm just wondering, maybe it's just an abirritation.

It's early, it's only been a few days right? But maybe it's, uh, that's a big thing, you know, to me. That's a big thing. You know, that's like a poll and that's hundreds of thousands of votes, that's like a poll. You ever see these polls? We have interviewed 83 people, no it's amazing. They're not likely to vote, you know, you have -- you're supposed to interview "likely to vote". So they're not "likely", they're "registered". You know what a registered voter is?

People that have died 14 years ago. I registered -- They're registered to vote. We have plenty of them in Los Angeles, you know, they had many people that were over a hundred years old. Every one of 'em voted for years. Then they got to be 110, they kept voting and then people said, "Well this is getting to be like record territory." You know, when you have hundreds of them voting, nah, it's a lot of corrupt stuff going on but we're getting it, we're getting it.

But they want to pack the courts, pack the Supreme Court.  That's a big deal. And you won't have Amy, and you won't have the great people that we've been putting in the court. You're gonna have radical, left, judges will become justices. You may have 15, you may have 16, you may have 18. I don't know.

What they want to do is incredible. You know, they want to pick up four votes in the Senate too, you know that, right? They want to add to our list of states, you know that, right? You have a lot of, you have a lot of senators added, you have a lot of congressmen added. You have to rebuild those gorgeous rooms.

You have to rug -- but you have so many seats added. All Democrats, every one of them will be Democrat. You better get out and vote. You better get out and vote. They want to get rid of the filibuster, you know. They want to use the nuclear weapon. It's called the nuclear weapon, they want to get rid of the filibuster and uh, they'll be able to do whatever they want, so, you gotta get your President in office 'cause we're gonna protect your 2nd amendment.

We're gonna protect all of the things that you want. But, without it, you're not gonna have a 2nd amendment. So, when I'm President, I will protect and defend the American way of life always. It's only gonna get better. So we're joined today by some friends of mine. They're warriors really. They've really -- incredible people.

Congressman Jack Bergman, where is he at? Where are you Jack? Great job Jack. Great job. How we doing? We doing okay in Michigan? Huh? You're doing okay too. Thank you Jack. Great job. Michigan House Speaker, Lee Chatfield? Where is Lee? Young guy, Lee. Great reputation. He's doing a good job. Lee's good.

Right? Great reputation. Thank you very much. Congressional candidate, somebody really fantastic, I know all about -- Paul Young. Paul, thank you. Good job. I heard you're doing well Paul. Michigan GOP Chair, Laura Cox. Thank you Laura. We winning Laura? Huh, we're winning. Those are pretty interesting numbers, did you know that before you came out?

That's a little -- even Laura is saying, "Boy, I'm doing a good job, right?" And by the way, get out and vote for an outstanding guy, John James. Right? He's outstanding. John James. He is outstanding. I'll tell ya, I, I spotted him three years ago and he was doing something and he was in his race and there were five or six people and I said, "Go back, I want to see that." And it was John James.

And I said, "You know, that guy is great, I'll tell you what." And then I learned about him, West Point, top student, top everything. Great helicopter pilot, and right? He has -- how's he doing? Good? I hear he's doing better than good. And he's running against somebody that nobody ever heard of, Peters.

Who the hell is Peters? Nobody ever heard of him. Now he's made a big impact at Washington, he's a senator for Michigan and nobody ever heard of him, I don't know that's... But, uh, get out for John and get out for everybody, these people are incredible. Thank you all for being here, we appreciate it very much.

Thank you. Also with us is, one of your own... You know we won the State of Michigan and this woman was brutal. She'd call, "please, please one more speech sir, one more speech." At the time she called me Mr. Trump, so we hadn't won, the Republicans hadn't won Michigan in many, in decades, right. And I felt we were doing good in Michigan, right.

I felt we were doing good but, you know, when you haven't it in like 38 years or something, you know, you could feel good, but you realize maybe it doesn't work out. But this woman would call me and she'd say you have to come. And so, finally, it was toward the end. And I said Ronna, "I'll do it one more time but that's it, I've got a lot of places to visit, I love Michigan but there hasn't been one in 36 years." I said, "you know Ronna if you don't mind, okay I'll do it one more time.

She said, "that's all I want." So I did it. The following day she called up, "you have to come back, one more time." So anyway, so I did and I went Grand Rapids, right, and we had 32,000 people. And you know what, that was at one o'clock in the morning, it was now election day remember? And Crooked Hillary came and it was unexpected.

You know say what you want about her husband Bill, he's a pro. He said, "be careful of Trump." That was the first thing, he said, "you don't wanna lose against Trump." And I was, you know, I viewed that as a compliment. They all smiled, they thought it was wonderful. But he something very interesting, he said, "you better watch Michigan." 'Cause he was here, he said, "I was a Trump Pence sign on every lawn." And he also said, he also said, "you better watch Wisconsin and you better watch Minnesota." Now Minnesota hasn't been won since 1972 and they all laughed at him.

First of all, he's got instinct, he's a professional. Bill Clinton, whether you like him, don't like him, I actually sort of, you gotta like him right? But, but listen. But he said, he said, "you better be careful." And he came back and said very strongly, "be careful of Michigan." And so then, all of a sudden, on the night before the election they took an unexpected trip.

Barack Hussein Obama, Michelle Obama, Oprah and Hillary, they actually forgot about Hillary. And it was unexpected. And I heard about it and I said, "that means that they have a problem." 'Cause remember they came here the night before, 500 people showed up. We had 32,000 people show up. Because Rona, our great Rona, said "sir you gotta come." And we did.

And by the time we got here, I started speaking at one o'clock in the morning, I can't believe it. But I left and I said, "so let me ask you a question: It's been many many years since this, how the hell do you lose if you have 32,000 people?" 'Cause, you know, 'cause that's like the ultimate. She said, "you don't." That's right, that what I'm... And I'll tell you what, the enthusiasm- and not only in Michigan- but the enthusiasm all over the country is far greater and it was great four years ago, it's far greater right now than it ever was.

So Rona great Job, great job. Ted Nugent. Where's Ted Nugent, where's Ted, huh? Look at you, you doing well? You are a handsome devil, thank you. Great job Ted, thank you very much, appreciate you being here. We just won a huge victory for voting rights in Michigan. Did you hear about it? Ballot Harvesting, you know that's the old democrat thing.

Ballot Harvesting is now illegal as of a short number of hours ago. And ballots must be turned in on November 3rd. Also known as, Election Day. Didn't they want them turned in like a couple of weeks after the election? You know, we're waiting for Michigan, well they have a couple of weeks so the whole country... this is just incredible.

But anyway, we had a great decision, a great victory. Thank you, and some of our lawyers are here, who represented us well. Right, Justin and the group, they're here. Where are they? Where is that great legal team? 'Cause we've been having a lot of great victories, the press just doesn't like writing about it.

But this was a great victory in Michigan. This election is a choice between a Trump strong, powerful, beautiful recovery and a Biden depression. You will have, 'cause he's gonna raise your taxes quadruple. You will have the single biggest depression in the history of our country and I believe that includes 1929. That's what I believe, okay.

They're gonna raise your taxes, put all the regulations back on, force all these companies that moved here and all over our country from all parts of the world. They're gonna all be forced to live, your gonna have a problem like you've never had before; because, and you know what they wanna do with the money?

Fund the 'Green New Deal,' right. Well, okay. Let's spend 100, think of it, their real price is 100 trillion dollars. 100 trillion not billion, We're now into the Ts. So what would happen, if you had the best year we've ever had and you had 100 years in a row, you couldn't make enough money to pay for that.

But this what they wanna do. If you vote for me prosperity will surge, normal life will fully resume and that's all we want. We want normal life, like seven months ago. And next year will be one of the greatest years in the history of country. The Democrats would terminate our recovery with a draconian, unscientific lockdown like your Governor is doing right now for everybody except for her husband.

That's right, she's doing it for: "Everybody is locked-down! Except my husband, he can go sailing anytime. A guy like Biden and the Democrats wanna keep Michigan locked-up, locked-down and closed for business. No, it's so badly hurting to say. And then, I guess, uh, they said she was threatened, right. She, she was threatened and she blamed me.

She blamed me and our people were the ones that worked with her people, so let's see what happens, let's see what happens. But I have to tell you something, uh, our FBI has to start looking at Antifa and they have to start looking at some people that they're not looking at like they should be. Biden will shutdown the country, delay the vaccine and prolong the pandemic and its time.

But you know we won another great case in Michigan, right. It was ruled unconstitutional what she was doing to you, right. You know we have the task force, we've done a great job, we got everything. 'We've filled up your cupboard,' as the expression goes. Especially with the ventilators and all stuff that would never have happened.

And we have these calls with governors. Mike Pence heads up the task force, he did a great job. We have great professionals and we took this thing were we have all the Governors, usually 50 governors on the line at one time. And they always say, "sir, you've done a great job, thank you very much, great job, great job, great job." Your Governor's down, I mean so down. "Thank you very much, you've done a great job on behalf of Michigan I'd like to thank you." Then she goes out speaks to the press, "we're very unhappy with the President." You know being a real estate developer was much nicer.

I used to say, "if you could make it in the world of New York real estate." They're the toughest people, now I call these guys that are friends of mine, some I can't stand but some I like. I say, "you guys are babies, compared to what I go through with these maniacs, you're babies." No, but it's true. But she's saying "thank you very much, its great we have everything we need, you gave us 400 Trillion goggles, you gave us this, you gave us that, you gave us more anything." We built hospitals, right, we built hospitals, we did everything.

We did things nobody could do. The Army Corps of Engineers and FEMA, the job they've done is incredible. And she and others, in all fairness everybody, they're all very happy. They were all, every single one, even the real haters, they were happy and they would stay happy. But in her case, and in some other's, they would then go on, and some were legit, some were Democrat, some were against Trump.

But they go out they say I did a good job, but she would go out and say, "great, very happy." I said, "is there anything else you want Governor." "No, we have everything, thank you very much, we really appreciate it on behalf of Michigan, very good." And then she'd go out and bad mouth me, I mean it's incredible.

It's so dishonest, right, it's so dishonest but anyway hopefully you'll be sending he packing pretty soon, by the way. And be careful of her and her Attorney General, because they're like in charge of the ballot stuff. Right? So how the hell do I put my political and our country's political life in the hands of a pure partisan like that right.

So you gotta watch it, watch those ballots, what -- what's going on. You're more important than any eyes. And law enforcement is watching. Okay? They're watching. Did you see they found 50,000 ballots in like a river? They found ballots in an ashcan. They happened to have the word Trump on them. You know, they're Trump. They had another group of ballots, they were printed, and they forgot two words, Donald Trump.

They forgot to put them. Oh! That's okay. You know? They figure, "That's okay. They can write in his name. He'll be the only one." But, uh -- No. What's going on is incredible, and they know it. And you know, then they say, "They're taking away me." I'm taking away their freedom. Then they say, "If you lose, will you have a friendly transition?" I say, "I want a fair election." Then they say, "Will you have a fair -- We want a fair and friendly transition." I said, "Really?

Well, when I won, you spied on my campaign. We caught you trying to overthrow the President of the United States. You're crooked as hell, and we caught you." And let's see what happens to them. "But you're crooked as hell." And to me, that didn't look -- That didn't exactly look like a friendly transition, would you say? (laughs) Mr.

Congressman, that was not a friendly transition, please. So, anyway. So we're, uh -- You know the best way? If we could really win this decisively, it would be fabulous. Just decisively. Knockout. It's a knockout punch. And you know what? We'll all get back together. Somebody said, "How do you bring the country together?" I said, "It was happening." Before the China virus came in -- It's true.

I was, started getting calls from people, the most unlikely people. Democrats, very radical left Democrats. And all of a sudden... You know, we had the best employment numbers we ever had. We had 160 million people working. It's called Make America Great Again. Now I say, "Make America Great Again, Again." It's Make America Great Again, Again.

We'll have to change those hats. But we had it, and people are calling. And I'm telling you, the country was coming together, and then we had the China virus float in. But this country was coming together, because there's nothing like success. And success was bringing it together. And people ask me, "Can it ever get together?" And some people here will be surprised when I say, "The answer's yes.

Success woul -- is going to bring us together." And I'm telling you, we were there! We -- we had just signed the deal with China. We had just made the USMCA, U.S.-Mexico-Canada, a great trade deal. We got rid of NAFTA, the worse trade deal ever made. But we were there. And calls were being made. And it was like -- And then we got hit with the pandemic, with the rest of the world.

And China kept it out of the rest of China, but they didn't keep it out of the world. So we can never forget that. But I'll tell you what, what keeps us -- What will bring us all together is success. It's going to happen, too. It's going to happen. It's going to happen. Our Congressmen will be having lunch soon, someday, with a radical left, maybe AOC.

Do you see yourself? Maybe not. That might -- (laughs) He's going, "I don't know about that." That might be a step too far. Right? Omar. He'll be having lunch with Ilhan Omar, who truly hates our country, but she's one of the reasons we're going to win the -- the great state of -- We're going to win. We're going to win because of Ilhan.

Right? We're going to win Minnesota because of her. You don't see having lunch with . He said, "I don't care how well we do. I'm not having lunch with her." Right? Well, he's a warrior. He knows (laughs) what he's doing. I'm delivering a safe vaccine, and a rapid recovery. Do you see what we've done with the vaccines and the therapeutic?

And the cures? Hey, I'm here. Me, I'm here. Right? No. We had great doctors. Walter Reed Medical Center, incredible doctors. Johns Hopkins. One thing, when you're President, they have a lot of doctors. I'm laying in bed. I'm not feeling too great, and I'm looking up and seeing doctors there. I just, "Please, leave me alone." And each one wanted to touch a different part of my body, and I didn't like that.

I said, "Get the hell out of here, doctors." But we had a, uh, a drug, brand new. It's Regeneron, and, uh, some others. Some others make something similar, antibodies. And all I know is I went from not feeling too great -- Now, who knows? It might have been good. It might have been -- You know? The young people have no problem.

And I -- I made the mistake of saying, in front of CNN and some of the fakers back there, I said, "Well, I'll have no trouble. Because I'm young and I'm in extraordinary shape. I'm a very great physical" -- And -- and CNN said, "He lied to the American public. He said he was young, and that he's in perfect shape." They can't take a joke.

Can they? Huh? They can't a joke. No, but they made it into a big deal. They always do. You know? You can't do anything. I said, with the illegal aliens that had come in -- You know, Bi -- Biden said, "We'll give all Medicare. We'll give them healthcare. We'll give them education." No. What it does, is it brings them in.

So I said that, "The Democrats want to give them healthcare, free college education and everybody that comes in by a certain day, you'll get a brand new Rolls Royce." Now I was kidding, obviously. CNN said, "President Trump lied when he said they were getting a Rolls Royce. He knew they weren't going to get a Rolls Royce, but he lied." These are sick people, (laughs) I'm telling you.

Biden's plan will crush Michigan. My plan will make this state stronger, better in every single way than it ever was before. Joe Biden is the embodiment of the corrupt political class. You see what's happening right now? I mean -- And you know what? The lame street media doesn't want to write about it, and the giant tech companies, and they're putting themselves in danger.

Section 230. They are putting themselves -- Because they're only existing because the government gave them something that they've never given anybody else, and they don't want to -- You could find Joe Biden did the worse crime, and they will keep it out of the -- It's the most unbelievable thing. I mean, no.

It's the most unbelievable thing what's going on, and nobody... He's a criminal. He's committing crimes. For the last 47 years, Biden shipped away your jobs, shut down your factories, threw open your borders, ravaged our cities while sacrificing American blood and treasure in these ridiculous, endless foreign wars.

They're all coming home, by the way. In 2016, Michigan voted to fire this corrupt and decrepit political establishment and you elected an outsider as President to finally put America first. Right? America. We've spent the last four years reversing the damage Joe Biden and his group inflicted upon us over the last 47 years.

He was a cheerleader for NAFTRA. The worst trade deal ever made. TPP would have been worse than NAFTA, but I stopped it. Do you know what else I stopped? The Paris Environmental Accord. And I like Prime Minister Macron a lot, but I said, "How's it going over there? How's the Accord doing?" They're not doing too good.

No. I saved you trillions of dollars. Nobody else would have done it. You know, when I said, "Oh, man, I'm breaking this Paris -- I'm getting out of that thing." That was a disaster. They basically wanted to take our wealth. You can't use what's underground. Yet we have it, and other countries don't. It was -- It was really a terrible thing.

And you know what's funny? I got out. I terminated it. I got out. And the people got it. They praised it. They thought it was fantastic. Except for some of those guys. They thought it was fantastic. Half of all auto manufacturing jobs in Michigan were lost after Biden backed NAFTA and the China disasters.

Right? The World Trade. That's when China became strong. The World Trade. One of the great ripoffs of all time. Biden should be asking Michigan workers for your votes. I mean, he's asking you for your votes. You know what he should be asking? He should be asking for your forgiveness. You should forgive him.

I would say forgive him, because even then, he had no idea what the hell he was doing. He was -- He was never known as one of your smarter senators. A friend of mine said, 25 years ago, "Yeah. Let's see. Our dumbest guy, probably Joe." I said, "Who's Joe?" "Joe Biden." That was 25 years ago. That was prime time.

This is no longer prime time. For decades, our politicians spent trillions of dollars rebuilding foreign nations, fighting foreign wars and defending foreign borders. But now we are finally protecting our nation, rebuilding our cities, and we are bringing our jobs, our factories, and our troops back home to the USA.  I'll tell you the spirit -- The spirit -- Look at the sound.

I mean, it's like -- It's like a -- a great football game. Right? No, really. No, no. The sound. You don't hear this anywhere. More so. It's more. This country, we have spirit. And that's why I'm not so surprised to hear what's happening, you know, in, uh -- In North Carolina, they say certain areas that are, you know, inclined.

Where maybe are thinking, like you have to go out and work, and love your life, and get kids in school and all of those things. They say the lines are two miles long, they've never seen anything like it. The spirit in our country is incredible, and that's happening, that's going to be happening at Pennsylvania, you watch, it's gonna be happening all over the place.

My first week in office I withdrew from Obama-Biden's Trans-Pacific partnership, which would have been the death to the American automobile industry if we had signed that, and you people are affected more than anybody. And I'd always say, and Ohio's done great and others, uh, but I'd always say, you know, "We gotta put these jobs back, these other jobs back where they, 'cause you got 34% of your automobile business was destroyed and shipped to Mexico," and I said, "How the hell did anyone let that happen?" And they'd make a car and send it back into our country, sell it, so we lost all the jobs, all the taxes, all the factories.

They got everything, they'd sell it and that's it, we got nothin', we got nothin'. I renegotiated the disastrous Obama-Biden trade deal with South Korea that also threatened to devastate your auto industry and I doubled our auto exports under the deal. That was a deal, that was a Hilary Clinton deal, remember that?

She said, "This deal is great, it's going to produce 250,000 jobs". And she was right, you know what, for South Korea, not for us. Didn't produce anything for us but it gave them 250,000. So we renegotiated it, you think that was easy? Biden supported the outrageous fuel economy standard that hammered the auto industry.

Just ridiculous over a little, just a little quarter of a glass, they had to, what they had to do. I reversed that rule and helped millions of families afford a safer, better, just a better more beautiful car. Stronger, safer, heavier, could be a little bit heavier. Let it be a little bit heavier and safer and stronger.

I ended the NAFTA nightmare and signed the brand new US, Mexico, Canada agreement into law, everyone said that was gonna be impossible. And it's just now kicking in and, uh, I know it's good because the other two countries aren't so thrilled. But look, they ripped us off for years and years with that crazy NAFTA.

Look at all the empty buildings you had allover from New England to here, all over the place. What a horrible deal that was. The USMCA is expected to create a minimum of 76,000 new automoto -- bi -- the auto fixers, the automobile jobs, automotive jobs, you have so many of them and they're all coming and the, many of them are coming out here and that includes 76,000, we think, right here, it's going to be in Michigan and we actually think that's a low number, it could be much higher than that.

It includes a lot of wage protections too. I took the toughest ever action to stand up to China, defending Michigan workers against China's plunder and theft and you know what I mean. If Biden wins, China will own America, he's gonna own it. First of all, first of all, they pay him a fortune so, you know, why wouldn't he?

He works for China basically. He works for China, how much money has China, how 'bout Russia? So, the mayor's wife of Moscow gives him three and half, the son, Hunter, with no experience, no nothin'. But they found his laptop, can you believe this guy? They found his laptop, and they have everything. I mean, they found, this is a disaster, they found Hunter's laptop, where is Hunter?

Where is Hunter? Hunter's not doin' so well. He, I called him the vacuum cleaner, I changed my name. You know, I used to call him Where's Hunter? His first name was Where, now I call him the vacuum cleaner. His father goes into a country, he's right behind him saying, "Give me cash." That's what happens, oh, by the way, that's what happens.

Think of it, Ukraine, he got $183,000 a month, three million dollar upfront payment to advise them on energy. "What do you know you about energy?" "Well, I don't know anything about energy." Oh, that sounds like a reasonable deal, even our congressman would take that deal, right? Anybody would take that deal.

If there anybody that wouldn't take that deal? No, d -- we call him the human vacuum cleaner. His father goes into China, he follows him into China, walks out with a billion and a half dollars to manage which is millions of dollars a year. I called the head of the biggest Wall Street firm, he's p -- he's probably the smartest in Wall Street, I said, "Can a thing like that happen?" He says, "No, it's impossible." Doesn't even happen to me and I have the best reputation for investments.

It's a disgrace, and let me tell you, it's dishonest, and when he tells that, you talk about quid pro quo, I never had a quid pro quo, how 'bout this quid pro quo? "We're not gonna give you the billion dollars unless you get rid of the prosector, get rid of him out of that company," which is his son. "Stop investigating my son and stop investigating, or I'm not giving you the billion dollars of our money." And then he goes, "Mom, the prosecutor was fired, and they got the billion dollars and the press refuses to write about it," because they are actually equally corrupt.

They're allowing it to happen, they are allowing it to happen, and many other things, and many, many other things, okay? Look, it's all coming up, many other things. Fake news, CNN, CNN is so bad. They can take a great story and make it, like, terrible. They are truly, in my opinion, one of the most dishonest groups of people I have ever seen in my life.

And by the way, you know what, and their rating's suck, their rating's suck.  CNN sucks. Joe Biden is a corrupt politician and the Biden family is a criminal enterprise, and I totally mean it. It's a criminal, take a look at the brother, all of a sudden he's a big builder in Iraq, how did that happen?

Oh, how did he get to Iraq? He hasn't built anything. How'd he get to Iraq to build big developments in Iraq? His brother. He makes Hilary Clinton, I call her Crooked Hilary as you possibly have heard, look like amateur hour. I also authorized millions of d -- I don't think they like me too much, what d -- I also authorized millions of dollars to save Michigan's incredible, beautiful, vital but falling apart Soo Locks and fought over, and I had to fight like hell with the democrats to get it done and we got 900 million dollars for the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative, all done, it's all done.

I don't have to say I'll do it because it's all done. And the Locks were in terrible shape, you're gonna lose them very quickly and we have, it's gonna be incredible what we're doing. They said, "Sir, do you wanna do the good job, the okay job, the passable job, a little minor renovation or a great job?" And I said, "Let's see, it's Michigan and a couple of other great states, let's give 'em the A+ job," and we did, okay?

We gave you the A+ job. One of the greatest dangers facing Michigan is Biden's plan to flood your state with refugees from terrorist hotspots all around the world, including Syria, Somalia and Yemen, you know that, you know about that, right? It's in their plan, it's in the manifesto that he agreed to with Bernie Sanders, crazy Bernie.

The greatest loser on earth, Bernie Sanders. He gets beaten every time and he goes right back to work, "I'll vote for this." I never saw a guy that could stand being beaten up so badly. He got, I mean, he got hammered by the Hilary thing, but he really got hammered this last, all she had to do, Pocahontas, is leave one day early and he would've won every state, and he goes back and he says, "Let's have dinner, Pocahontas." Biden has pledged a colossal 700% increase, this is all in writing by the way, you know, it's not, increase in the flow of refugees.

He will turn Michigan into a refugee camp. Biden has also pledged to terminate all national security travel bans, overwhelm, you know, I got a travel ban that nobody talks about, but I said, "You know, if a country thinks bad of us, if the people wanna blow us up, if the people wanna kill us, if the people hate us, I want a travel ban." Is that so bad to ask?

And people fought me, they said, "That's not nice." I won, we won, in fact we won in the Supreme Court, we won in the Supreme Court, now we keep people that hate us out of our country. Biden wants to, he wants to give up the travel ban, he wants to knock down the w -- you know, the wall is almost complete, right?

Over 400 mile, and we have the strongest southern border now we've ever had, and it's incredible what we've done to the southern border. Biden wants to knock down the wall, that's what we hear. They said, "Do you wanna knock down the wall?" I don't think he even knew what the hell they were askin' him, yeah.

Doesn't matter what he wants, it's what his handlers want. They want to overwhelm Michigan with poorly vetted migrants from Jihadist regions. Well, Omar wants that to happen, AOC wants that to happen. Ilhan Omar, she's not happy with our country, she's not happy with our country. She wants to tell us, she wants to tell us how to run our country, right?

Take a look at that, she wants Ilhan Omar, but I like her very much 'cause, dammit Minnesota, you better vote for me v -- if that plus the riots, right, where they took down Minneapolis, we saved it, we sent in the National Guard, we saved it. Oh, it took 'em the better part --

...of a half an hour. You know they coulda caused -- they coulda called about two weeks earlier, right? Whatever. And I would love to go into Portland because, first of all, Seattle -- we said we're going in, and we were going in the next morning, and they all said, "We're gonna leave now, thank you very much." But we're not supposed to, what we're supposed to do is they're supposed to ask us, and we want the governor of Oregon, Portland, we want the governor of Oregon, to call us, we will solve that Portland problem in a period of would you say a half an hour or less?

Wasn't that beautiful? In Minneapolis they came in, these soldiers wore the most expensive helmets in the history of mankind, you approved them, they had more computers, they have everything, they can look at somebody and the somebody is gone. But they came in bomb, bomb, bomb, you saw 1, 2, 3 blackouts, and then all of a sudden, you had a second round, third round wha -- and they had their tear gas, and they had their pepper spray, which the other side doesn't want them to use because it's not nice, you know, they can throw cans at you, and they could throw rocks and stones and hurt your police, but you're not allowed to guard yourself with tear gas pepper spray, which 100% are effective.

So they just marched forward, and the whole thing was over. It was like -- it was over but , I don't know there's something about that, when you watch everybody when you watch everybody getting pushed around, there's something very beautiful about it, I don't care what anyone says. Not politically correct, I'll be on, they'll say, "He thinks that that was beautiful." But you people get it, you get it probably better than I do even right?

When you get it right down on it. But what they're doing will not only undermine your security, but it will overcrowd your hospitals and divert needed resources for low income communities that we're all for, we want to help people, we want to help our citizens. Under my leadership, we achieved the most secure border in US history, and when the wall is finished, which will be very soon, we are going to have a great big, beautiful celebration.

And with that wall, by the way, you know, we're keeping out terrorists, extremists, violent criminals, rapists, murderers, and we also, I have to say, our border patrol and ICE have done an incredible job. You know, ISIS removed thousands, thousands of MS-13 out of our country. And not a lot of people want that job.

That's a tough job. That's a da -- you got to be a certain type of person, you don't want it with a -- this handsome guy with the sunglasses, you don't want it. He doesn't want to be a member of ICE. They go into what they call a nest and the Pfister fly and everything and then they walk out, and that's the end of that.

Now, these guys are tough and smart. And you know what, they love our country and we love them, too. We invested $2.5 trillion in the United States military, we have the greatest equipment any nation has ever had. When I came a highly overrated general told me "Sir, we have no ammunition...", we -- well maybe you had to do something. "We have no ammunition, sir." I said, "No president should ever hear that again." Anyway, we spent $2.5 trillion, and we have the greatest equipment, missiles, rockets -- tanks, planes, fighter jets, ships, tankers, bombers, we have the greatest equipment.

We have uh, I call it the super duper missiles that go very fast hydrosonic, great super-duperers, they go five to seven times faster than the fastest missile in the world. They go so fast, you can't do anything, I mean it's like -- and by the way, our nuclear is rebuilt, replenished. And here's what you have to do, we had no choice, it was not in good shape, hope to God, we never have to use any of this equipment okay?

And the best way you don't have to use it is if you have it, okay, that's if -- but we have the best ever we've, that we've ever had. We launched -- all made in the USA by the way, every ounce of it. And we launched the first new branch of the US Armed Forces in 75 years, United States Armed Forces, 75 years think of it -- the space force.

Right. Which people uh, really I mean, look, I -- I, you know, a couple of them made this statement, whether you like them or not, I made promises during the campaign, but some of them say I actually produced more than the promises I made as opposed -- most politicians never keep their promises. But think of it spaceforce, I never talked about spaceforce, I realized after being here for a year and a half, I said, "You know Russia's doing big stuff out in space, China's doing big stu-", I said, "We got to have a space force." They were not happy when this happened.

But we got it through Congress, thanks to your congressman and various other people, right? We did, we did a good job, thank you, man. We did a good job, and we have Space Force, and it's gonna end up being one of our most important without question. I withdrew from the last administration's disastrous Iran nuclear deal. $150 billion, for nothing, here's $150 billion. $1.8 billion in cash, I'm even more impressed with that, think of it, cash, $1.8 billion they got.

And you know, we got nothing, we got nothing. In fact that agreement's almost going to expire if we didn't terminate it, which we did. I kept my promise, recognize the true capital of Israel and opened the American Embassy in Jerusalem. I also recognize Israeli sovereignty over the Golan Heights, 52 years they were working for. 52 years they'd come in every year, they'd fly in with those beautiful jets, and everybody would come in and they'd have lunch and they'd talk two or three days, then they'd leave. 52 years that went on, I did it in about two hours.

Golan Heights and instead of endless war, we are forging peace in the Middle East. No blood on the sand, no blood, no blood. I did more in 47 months than sleepy Joe Biden did in 47 years, which is true. Now the democrats are pushing the most far left agenda ever put forward by a presidential nominee. The Biden plan would destroy social security and destroy protections for pre-existing conditions.

His running mate co-sponsors a socialist health care plan to ban private insurance, you allottee you have private insurance, we have 180 million people, and they love their private insurance, and they want it, they don't want to go into a hospital ward when they have a cold. They want to have their private insurance, and they want their doctor, and they want their plan.

And Obama said that you can have your doctor and you can have your plan, and he said it 28 times, and he lied. Biden also supports abolishing school choice in charter schools, it's not gonna happen. In a second term, I will provide school choice to every parent in America. A vote for republicans is a vote for safe communities, great jobs and a limitless future for all Americans.

It's a vote for the American dream, that's what we're doing. And in conclusion, over the next four years, we will make America into the manufacturing superpower of the world, and we will end our reliance on China once and for all. We will hire more police and thank you to law enforcement for being here, you're all welcomed, we love our police, don't we?

Thank you, we have a lot of law enforcement here. I said to Biden during the debate, I said, "Name one law enforcement group that supported you.", and Chris Wallace bailed him out. Then I said say the words" Law and order, just law and order, nothing fancy, law and order. We just want law and order. Everybody wants that." And he said he didn't want to get involved.

And then Chris Wallace bailed him out again. I said. "No, no, no, you can't do that.", you know, because I was really debating two people. No, I was really debating one, Chris Wallace. But I said, "Name it, name it.", then I think he said -- didn't he say something like, oh, law, order and safety and security and all this, you know, he wanted to soften it up because the radical left will throw him overboard without -- Nah, I said, "Say law and order.", but he couldn't do it, but he got bailed out.

But we're going to increase penalties, source, source -- if you take a look at what's going on with assaults, we are going to take care of our police and when they do bad things to our police, the people that do it are going to suffer the consequences, okay? I think I have every police group in the nation.

In fact they had down as part of the script, I was supposed to read them, I said, "I can't read that long." I would have been reading here all day long, but we literally have every police group in the nation. We even got the endorsement of New York City Police, they've never done it before. We got the endorsement of Chicago police, and you know that's tough because they've never done it.

We've got every law enforcement. We've got Florida, Texas, we've got everybody, they're all -- they're all with us, and we do have New York, that's right. But I just want to thank them because they're incredible and they take a lot of abuse and they don't realize it the people of our country love them, just realize it.

And we will ban deadly sanctuary cities, get 'em out of here, nobody wants them. The only ones want 'em are the politicians. The people in California don't want 'em, the politicians want 'em. We will uphold religious liberty, free speech, and the right to keep and bear arms. Second amendment. We will strike down terrorists who threaten our citizens and we will keep America out of endless, ridiculous, foreign wars of places you've never even heard of.

We will maintain America's unrivaled military might and we will ensure peace through strength. We will end surprise medical billing; that surprise medical billing is a bad deal and it's now ending. Require price transparency, all signed up, goes into effect January first. Can you imagine? If the sleepy guy gets in, and it's January first, and everybody says "there's price transparency," I'll tell you what, it's bigger than healthcare, wait'll you see.

It's bigger than healthcare. You talk about pricing, bigger! And can you imagine? And he'll get credit for it and they'll say, "Biden did a phenomenal job on price..." people have been trying to get this thing for 25 years, I got it done January. I said to my people, couldn't you do it from like six, seven months ago?

But they had statutory limits, you had to wait here, there, that. So on January first I better damn well be President, I'll tell yeah. Well, I will be. I will be. Yeah I will be, for 20 days. Don't do this to me. Don't do that. You can't do that. No, no. So January first it goes into effect. We go out to January 20th.  But, you know what, I honestly believe, I don't think we're going to have to worry about it.

I think we're going to have price transparency. We'll be here for four years, and then if we decide to go for an extra four, or eight or something.  12. I think 12 is gonna be now the gold standard. That'll be, that'll be, hey, that'll be the new chant. And the other thing we're doing is, you know, is to further reduce the cost of prescription drugs.

We've reduced it the first time in 51 years anyone's got -- but now we're talking a big because I've instituted a favored nation's laws. And I also got rid of the middle men. The middle men were making a fortune, and yesterday I said I'll bet you -- right? I'll bet you Hunter Biden is a middle man too! These middle men have made a fortune, I mean they make more money than the drug companies, the middle men.

It's all because of horrible legislation and crazy things. And we're thinking that probably Hunter Biden got a big piece of the action too, for his father. He got it for his -- Did you see the letter where the father's supposed to get 10 percent of everything? The father's, he's, he's running for president! He is a national security risk.

We will strongly protect Medicare and Social Security and we will always protect patients with pre-existing conditions. America will land the first woman on the moon and the United States will be the first nation to land an astronaut on Mars, and that's very exciting. And all of that is happening. We will stop the radical indoctrination of our students, and restore patriotic education to our schools, that's happening.

We will teach our children to love our country, honor our history, and always respect our great American flag. And we will live by the timeless words of our national model: in God we trust. We're not gonna be moving. For years, you had a president who apologized for America, now you have a president who is standing up for America, and standing up for the great people of Michigan.

And I've been doing that long before I even thought about running for office. It's true though, when I came here, I don't know, 10, 12 years ago I was just, it was always my number one issue. How come our country is being ripped off so badly by other countries? So I'm probably here because of Michigan maybe more than any other reason if you think about it.

So get your friends, get your family, get your coworkers, get your boss. If you have a boss, and if he's a little lazy say, "boss you get your ass out of that chair, and get out and vote!" Get out and vote. This is the most, this is the most important election in the history of our country. The most important.

And I never thought I'd say that after our last victory. This is the most important election we've ever had. Send in your absentee ballots if you have, uh, requested one, or you can vote early by going in and casting your absentee ballot in person. Just make sure you vote and make sure your ballot is counted.

You're dealing with a very tricky, smart group of people. From Lansing to Mackinaw, from Pontiac to Saginaw, from Kalamazoo to right here in Muskegon. Great place. We inherit the legacy of Michigan patriots who gave their blood, sweat, and tears for this beloved nation. This is the state where Henry Ford invented the assembly line.

Think of that, think of that. Great things happened in this state. It's the place where General Motors, Chrysler, Kellogg revolutionized entire industries. Amazing, when you think of what Michigan has done. Michigan gave us Motown, gave us the mustang, and gave us the unrivaled might of the American Midwest, right?

I mean, think of it. Think of what Michigan -- you know, when you think, Michigan is something very special. We made America into the single greatest nation in the history of the world and the best is yet to come. You watch, it's gonna come. Proud citizens like you help build this country and together we are taking back our country.

We are returning power to you, the American people, that's what were doing. With your help, your devotion, and your drive we are going to keep on working, we are going to keep on fighting, and we are going to keep on winning, winning, winning. Right? We are one movement, one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God.

And together, we're the incredible people of Michigan. We have made America powerful again. We have made America wealthy again, look at our stock market. Look at that market! Look at your 401(k)s. How are your 401(k)s doing, huh? You wanna see 'em crash? Vote for sleepy Joe. You'll have 401(k)s, they'll be worth -- they'll be lying right in that floor.

You'll throw 'em away. We have made America strong again. We have made America proud again. We have made America safe again. And we will make America great again! Thank you Michigan, go out and vote.