Oh, thank you very -- oh, this is great. Hello. How are you?  Thank you, everybody. Thank you very much. Thank you and hello, Janesville, and hello, Wisconsin. We love Wisconsin. Look at this crowd. This is massive, but you know, we're having massive crowds all over the place. And I'll tell you what, you know when I look at the poll, we're even in Wisconsin.

I don't think so. With what I've done for you, USMCA, we got rid of those horrible. You know you were being charged, 287% tariff to do business with Canada. I heard about that. I didn't like that. Your specialty milk people got me, do you believe it? Specialty -- it was all about specialty milk. That was like the straw that broke the camel's back.

I said, what do you mean? Yes, sir, they're charging us 287%, and I said no, they're not any longer, and we knocked the hell out of it, and we've got the brand new USMCA. And sleepy Joe can't do that. It's not in his vocabulary. That I can -- he has no idea what we just said. He's sitting in his basement right now watching us.

He has no idea. And I hate to do this to you, I was having a great hair day, and then I heard you had 40-mile an hour winds up, look. Then I said all right give me the cap. I don't do it often, but now I'm looking at that beautiful sight. Is that beautiful? As beautiful as that is, , as beautiful as that is, I don't know that I'd want to be those people right in that little corner.

Look at them. You know I think it's magnificent, but I'd get out of there. But they have no fear, do you? You have confidence in Trump. Yeah, we get good equipment, good equipment. It's great to be back in Wisconsin with thousands of loyal, hard-working American patriots. Thank you very much. It's a great honor.

It's a great honor, and we're doing great. We're doing really well. I wish we'd have a Republican Governor because, frankly, you got to open your state up. You've got to open it up. You've got to open it up, get back to school. I'll tell you what, you know, we had a little problem in Florida. We had a surge, and then it went away, and they opened it, but, uh, we had a problem, big problem in Texas.

We had a surge, they opened it up, it's all opened up. In Arizona, they had a surge, it's all opened up, and our country is opening. And I'll tell you what, when you look at our numbers compared to what's going on in Europe and other places, but we're doing well. We're going to have one of the best economic years we've ever had next year, one of the best we've ever had.

Seventeen days from now, we're going to win the state of Wisconsin and we are going to win four more years in the White House. And by the way, early voting begins on Tuesday so get out and vote, OK. Now we've had great success in your state and I've been very good to you likewise with the ships, you build good ships, you know that, right?

A lot of other states wanted that contract. I probably lost some states because of -- we gave you the big contract, and honestly, I went to the yards, it's incredible what you do. This is the most important election in the history of our country. And you know, six months ago I was saying, well, you know, how do you compare with the last one?

I don't know, that was important. The fact is, this is the single most important election in the history of our country. And sleepy Joe Biden, who's made a corrupt bargaining stage. You saw the bargain he made in exchange for his party's nomination, which he shouldn't have gotten because if Pocahontas got out one day early, I'd be running against crazy Bernie which would have been OK, too.

I would have had a small, but energized base. Now we have a little bit larger base to run against, but they're zero energy. They're reporting on it. We've got the most energy in the history of politics and he's got the least. The most in the history. And Biden handed control of his party over to hardcore militant left.

The Democrat party you once knew no longer exists. It's now a party of Socialists and Marxists and left-wing extremists.  If Joe Biden and the Democrat Socialists are elected, and I've always said, our country will never be a socialist country. They would kill you jobs, dismantle your police departments, and you have a lot of great law enforcement people here today.

Thank you. Thank you. I think we have every single law enforcement group in the country that has endorsed us. Even New York City's finest, you know, they endorsed us. You know, first time they've ever endorsed a Presidential candidate, it's big stuff, Chicago, Florida, Ohio. Everybody's endorsed us and I said during the debate, I said, Joe, name one group, law enforcement that's endorsed you.

Name one and he was starting to go, oh, oh, he couldn't breathe, and then Chris Wallace bailed him out.  And I said say the words law and order, say them, Joe, and he wouldn't do it. I said say the words law and order, then Chris Wallace bailed him out again. But he can't because if he says law and order that means he loses the radical left.

You know, which I think he's losing anyway. But they want to dissolve your borders, raise your taxes, destroy your suburbs -- oh, have I saved your suburbs? The women, you know, they keep telling me about suburban women. I think suburban women like me. I've only saved your house, and frankly, I've saved your way of life.

I've saved the American dream, but they keep saying, Trump has a problem. Well, the last time they said the same thing, it was even worse. They said I had a problem with women period. And then the night, that beautiful night four years ago, was that the greatest of all time? It's probably the greatest night in the history of television, right?

That was -- oh, we had so much fun. The tears that were flowing out of  remember the tears? From the totally non-biased anchors, we have another one of them coming up next week, you know, Kristen Welker. She deleted her entire account. I wonder why? I can't imagine. You know, I've known her for a long time.

She's extraordinarily unfair, but that's all right. We did very well the other night with a person I knew was even more unfair, Savannah. In fact, nobody's seen Savannah for two days. What happened to Savannah? What happened to Savannah?  They said we'd like to give Savannah Guthrie -- I said that's all right.

What difference does it make? They ask you a question, you give them an answer, right? What does it matter? But she was sort of jumping out of her seat. She was like flying for -- she was like I told you. I told you. I said I don't care what you told me, what does that mean? No, but we got -- we actually got eight plus marks on that, but it was very unfair.

Then you watch sleepy, Joe, get interviewed by George Stephanopoulos, nice guy, but he's a tough guy and he's tough. I interviewed with him two weeks ago, he's tough. He's given like he's lobs, like in slow motion, lobs. No, it's, uh -- it's unfair. But you know what, it's so unfair and we're President and they're not, right?

That's how unfair it is . But they want to fund extreme late-term abortion, they want to pack.  Well, you've got to get out and vote. You've got to get out and vote. You've got to get out and vote. They want to pack the Supreme Court. Do you know what that is? They could end up with 16, 19, 20.  They want to put far-left judges on the court.

They're going to pick people so far left and you'll end up with far-left justices like we've never had ever before. And our Supreme Court instead of being what it is now, revered, will end up being nothing. And they want to protect criminals and disarm law-abiding Americans. They want to take away your Second Amendment.  If Biden wins, the lawless demonstrators in our streets and you see them all the time.

They're democratic-run -- you know, I always say, Democrat. Do you know why? Because it sounds worse. They should actually change the name to the Democratic -- Democrat sounds lousy, but you know what, that's actually their name, the Democrat party, right? The Democrat party so I always say Democrat. They say Democratic, I say don't you try to changing your name officially.

But the lawless demonstrators -- and they are, they're all Democrat-run cities and states, almost every single one of them, and they don't want to really take care of it. They don't want to take care of law enforcement. They want to cut -- do you see what's going on in Seattle? First of all, the police who we love, they're all quitting.

They're all leaving and they'd still be occupying Seattle, except they found out that we were going in the morning that they all raised their hands. The reason they raised their hands is we were going in that morning. We're going to take over -- can you believe it? We're going to take over the -- the section, the large section of Seattle that these anarchists had.

They're anarchists, that's all they are. But you know in theory --  Law and order is right. In theory, we have to be asked, we have to be asked to do it. The federal government has to be asked, but we went into Minneapolis, and do you know what happened? How long did that take, about 30 minutes?

Remember, they formed a line, they formed another line. They were not socially distanced, which is very bad. In fact we -- they were very close. They had the world's most expensive uniforms on. They had helmets that cost a fortune. There was more computer stuff going on in those helmets, but you know, under the helmets, great brains.

And I -- and tough. And they formed those lines and then they said let's go. This is after two weeks of destruction in Minneapolis. That's why we're going to win Minnesota for the first time since 1972, a Republican party. We're going to win. Now it doesn't hurt that in Minnesota they have Ilhan Omar --  Who hates our country, who's broken the law, but she's broken the law.

Let's see what happens, but she's broken the law, but she hates our country.  No, we're going to win. We're going to win because of what we did with Minneapolis, we saved Minneapolis and we saved Seattle. I mean Seattle was going real bad and do we all we want to -- do you want to know the truth?

We're sort of saving the whole country if you really think about it, and that's why we have spirit the likes of which, I don't think any campaign has ever had. That's what's happened. That's what's happened. You know something -- I just left Michigan, you know that. I look forward to coming over here, but I just left and the early voting is going big.

It should -- it should go like, it's supposed to go like 70%, 80% to the Democrats, and then we come in with the big red wave. It's going to be a wave, like nobody's ever seen because our people want to get out and vote. So they'll start big heavy when it gets -- you know the early voting, but especially on that November 3rd day, we're going to be swamping it.

But here's what happened, and this is early so this is early, but you know still, hundreds of thousands of votes. Here's what happened, so supposed to be down, you know, big and then we catch it like a racehorse, a racehorse. The Secretary would start off on the ball. Well, that was what was supposed to sort of happen and then you see what happens in the end, and I think we win, right?

But something strange has happened in Michigan. You know we brought back many car plants, many, many, -- they hadn't worked -- brought back a plant. I think it's 42 years and we brought back many and expansion to the car plant. So in Michigan, a strange thing has happened. We're leading substantially in the early voting.

What's that all about? What is that all about? Because something's happening out there. Look at the -- I mean take a look at this crowd. You can't see it -- as far as the eye can see you have people, as far as the eye can see. This Election Day, the people of Wisconsin, and you know what, we win Wisconsin, we win the whole ball game.

It's a -- I mean, what the hell do you think I'm doing here on a freezing night with 45-degree wind, huh? What do you think? Do you think I'm doing this for my health? I'm not doing this on my health. I'm doing it for that and I'm doing it for that, beautiful that is, wow.  Thank you.

Thank you very much. Thank you, but this Election Day, the people of Wisconsin must stop these anti-American radicals by issuing sleepy Joe Biden -- he has no clue anyway. Look, let's not kid ourselves, let's not kid ourselves. He's shot, OK? I don't care. Think of it. Think of it because this puts pressure on you.

I am running against perhaps in the history of Presidential politics the worst candidate. Obama wouldn't even endorse him. They ran together, they went together. You know, and then even after he won, I didn't think Obama -- it took so long, right? And now I heard today, they said, sir. What? Well, we have a little problem.

What? Obama is going to campaign for him. I said, well, that's good news. He campaigned harder than Hillary Clinton did for Hillary and it just made us stronger. I want him to campaign so much. I want him to campaign you know because we're going to do even better, but it is true. By issuing Joe Biden, a tremendous defeat at the ballot box, but it's not Joe Biden.

Remember this, it's a radical-left sick ideology, OK? An amazing poll just came out, 56% of the American people, Gallup poll, right, say that they're better off today than they were four years ago under the Obama-Biden administration. That's a record, that's a record and I think what we're saying. And by the way, that's a record, 56% of the people and that's during -- and we're rounding the corner.

We got the vaccines all that, but even without it, we're rounding the corner. You'll see it, we're rounding the corner and we have unbelievable -- the vaccines are unbelievable. And frankly, except for a little politics, but we have unbelievable vaccines that are coming out real soon and the therapeutics are unbelievable and the cures -- excuse me, I'm here, right?

I didn't feel so good. I'll be honest with you. I hadn't been sick in a long time. I don't have any time to get sick. It's good. You know, if you're busy, you don't get sick because you have no time. You don't think about it, but I wasn't feeling so good. I wasn't feeling like your President has to feel.

I wasn't feeling like Superman. And all of a sudden, the doctor -- we have great doctors. One thing with being President, you've got more doctors than any human being.  I'm lying down in a bed, I got 12 doctors from Johns Hopkins Hospital University, great people, all great.

I mean talented, great people, and they love their President. They love their country, but I have doctors, they wanted to touch every single part of my body. I said doc, but I didn't -- you know what, I didn't feel great. And there's a drug, it's Regeneron, it's a transfusion. And all I know is the next morning, I felt stronger than I've ever -- I wanted to get out there and I want to make new trade deals for your jobs and I wanted to do be in a lot of places.

We've done a great job, a lot of jobs. It's just a great job, but the most menacing aspect of the Biden-Harris agenda is their attack of law and order.  And I was a big part, you know, I came in and I head to your Sheriff and it -- what a great guy, Beth. I had your Sheriff's endorsement and a lot of other endorsements in Kenosha.

Do you ever hear of a place called Kenosha? Because if I didn't get involved, there would be no Kenosha right now in their opinion. And I wish they called earlier, I wish we could have gotten in a little bit earlier, but that's OK. You can say what you want. I'll tell you what, I give your Governor credit.

Unlike Oregon because we could solve -- we could solve Portland in about, I'd say 22 minutes. They're anarchists, they're wise guys, they live in the basement with their parents, not with Joe, but with their parents, a different basement, a different basement. They go home with their parents, but wise guys, right?

Antifa, they're radical left. You know, nobody likes to say it.  They're Antifa, they're radical left, but they're wise guys. We could solve that in two minutes, but they don't want to do it. At least, you Governor said let's go in and solve the problem and we solved it. It was late but better late than never, but we solved and we saved Kenosha.

And I want to thank the Sheriff and I want to thank the Chief. I want to thank all of the law enforcement, I was there. I want to thank the people that were helping rebuild their stores and their businesses, Kenosha. I never thought of Kenosha that it would be an important part of my life, but it did become because it was a terrible scene, and it wasn't their fault, it wasn't their fault.

But I'll tell you what, your law enforcement did a great job. We did a great job and I want to thank everybody involved. Our law enforcement in this country if you let them do fairly what they do better than anybody in the world, they wouldn't have any problems. They wouldn't have any problem. You look at what's going on in New York under Democrats.

You look at what's going on in Chicago, under Democrats, Portland. Oakland under Democrats, Baltimore under Democrats. We have a great young Congresswoman, hopefully, running in Baltimore. She's going to be fantastic. I hope she gets her shot, Republican. I hope she gets her shot. Today, I want to explain to you the threat that their far-left plans pose to the safety of your family, your community, and your country.

If you give the power to the Democrats, the radical left will defund, disband, disarm, and dismantle police departments all across America.  Asked if he supports slashing police funding -- you saw this last week. He said, yes, yes, absolutely, yes. He's -- honestly, well, he didn't even understand the question, but that's what he said.

It's just like fracking, right? He said there will be no fracking for a year. There will be no fracking. Then he gets lucky, Elizabeth Warren refuses to get out so Bernie can have the nomination. So, Joe, lucks into it on a Super Tuesday and now he's standing in Pennsylvania and they want to frack because they have a million fracking jobs and because we're energy independent and things.

So he goes from saying for a year and a half, there will be no fracking. I wanted to put it on screen, but it's so windy we would have needed like 15 cranes to hold up the screen. It would have been a giant sail, but we have it. He says no fracking like 18 times. He then becomes the nominee, goes to Pennsylvania, which we're going to win, too.

He goes -- you know because -- because in Pennsylvania, I know it well, I went to school there. In Pennsylvania, they believe in law and order and they believe in energy and they believe in intelligence, OK. They believe in intelligence. But -- so he now goes to Pennsylvania, he gets hit hard and he, all of a sudden, says I never said that.

There will be fracking. First of all, always follow with these politicians because you know I've only been doing this for a short while. How the hell did I become President, you know? No, I've only been doing it for a short while, but one thing I've learned, but I've known politics, I've been dealing on the other side of politics.

One thing it's the first thing they say that always matters and he said it for a long time along with everybody else in his party. And there's no way he could not do what he didn't agree to in the first place. So he gets up and he says, in Pennsylvania, no, no, we will frack, we will frack. And the whole place and not one he hold a -- you know the fake news media back there --  Nobody said to him, nobody said to him, but for a year and a half, for a year and a half, you said there'd be no fracking and now you said there will be fracking, and nobody asked him that question.

It's an incredible thing.  Do you know why? Because they're fake news. Only in Wisconsin can this happen, but I know you well. As long as I'm President, we will never defund the police, we will strongly defend our police, and I will always stand with the heroes of law enforcement.

No, I think I'm endorsed by every law enforcement group all over the country, beyond the country. I get world endorsements. It's the craziest thing. I said I never knew I was that militant and I'm not militant, you know what, I want common sense. I want people to be safe, right? I want people to be safe.

The Biden plan calls for abolishing cash bail. Oh, that's wonderful, you have a murderer. They want to abolish so that people all over -- look at what happened to New York. They abolished cast -- cash bail, your crime went up like 200%. It's terrible and it's common sense. It's not like you have to be tough or not tough or -- it's common sense.

They're going to release 400,000 criminals onto your streets and into your neighborhoods.  If crazy Joe becomes President, it's not even conceivable. No, no, running against him, it puts such pressure because I'm running against the worst in the history of Presidential -- and now if I lose, can you imagine?

If I lose, I will have lost to the worst candidate, the worst candidate in the history of Presidential politics. If I lose, what do I do? I'd rather run against somebody who's extraordinarily talented, at least, this way I can go and lead my life. But we're not going to lose, we're going to win. We're going to win at numbers , we're going to win in numbers, right?

Right?  That's why I can't lose, that might be the second most important. Do you know what the first most important is? Because we're going to make America greater than ever before. That's what the first is. Their plan also includes disarming law-abiding citizens, namely taking away your Second Amendment.  Think of it, while turning the entire country into one giant sanctuary for criminals, illegal aliens, including those charged with rape, assault, murder, killing --  For the -- and the wall is almost built.

I am very proud of that because any guy -- you know being a developer you just learn how to do it, but we had an entire -- a very powerful party. That's all they have. They have two things: they have a very powerful Democrat party that always sticks together. They don't have any of these rebels that we have in the Republican party.

Call -- I call them stupid people. I call them stupid, stupid people because they play right into their hands, but the Democrats, they don't really have that. They have two things: they stick together like you've never seen. They are smart and they're vicious like let's impeach him even though he did nothing wrong.

You know they're vicious.  They're vicious. Now what we have is we have much better policies like how about we want a strong border. They don't want to have a border. They want to have open borders, right? We don't want sanctuary cities, we don't want to protect criminals, we want jobs, we want low taxes.

You know we have a lot of good things, but I tell the Republicans all the time. A lot of people say I have a lot of influence over the party so you've got to get tougher and you've got to get -- and you know, only fairer, but you've got to get meaner, but you've got to get tougher because they play a tougher game.

But we have these rebels and all of the -- you know they think they're hot stuff, and by the way, they usually end up outside of politics in a very short time. We make sure of that. For the entire summer, Biden was silent as radicals, anarchists, arsonists, and vandals, rampaged through Democrat-run cities in Minneapolis, Chicago, New York, Seattle, Portland, and other places.

Biden called them peaceful protesters.  Remember the guy on CNN? He's standing there and he said this is a peaceful and his hand was shaking. This is a peaceful -- I have no idea. It's Ali Velshi. You know I have a really good -- Ali Velshi, shaved head, right, shaved his head. I'm thinking about doing that, that way I don't have to worry about that.

I don't have to worry. He shaved, no, he shaved it all off. He didn't have to worry about -- How does it look, darling? How does it look, first lady? How does it -- darling, you're the most handsome President. I said, first lady, am I the most handsome President ever? Yes, absolutely. I said who could top me?

Well, she said, well, JFK was good looking, but nothing like you, nothing like you, darling.  Thank you. Now you go home and you see this crazy CNN. Fortunately, their ratings are terrible, which is great, but you'll see them say, Donald Trump said he's better looking than JFK.

You'll see, they're sick people, they've got a lot of problems, but fortunately, they're not doing so well. Earlier this month, rioters laid waste to suburban residential neighborhoods just outside of Milwaukee. Biden will appease the rioters and the looters and the anarchists, and I'm having them arrested.

You know what we're doing, we're having them arrested. And you know when they knocked down statues, you'll notice that's very much stopped, certainly with federal statues. A little thing happened, it's amazing how quickly it stopped. They go to jail for a period of 10 years you know. It's amazing. They were already all set to take down the incredible statue of Andrew Jackson right by the White House, right?

And then I said we can't let that happen. And I tell you what, the police went out and they charged, it was an incredible thing. You know because today everyone wants to be so damned politically correct. The police are afraid if they touch somebody or speak to somebody rudely, they'll be destroyed, their pension will be gone, their family will be gone.

No, we've got to protect our police, we've got to take of them, and they're going to be fair. And you're going to have problems and you're going to have mistakes and people will choke. You know they'll choke, you have a decision to make. They have a quarter of a second sometimes to make and you'll have some bad cops, and we've got to do something about those bad cops and that happens.

But 99.9, I mean we have -- their most incredible people and they keep us safe, right? They keep us safe. They keep us safe so we have to take care of them. This year, more than 1,000 law enforcement officers have been viciously attacked. Nobody talks about that. You know, nobody talks about that. Several police officers have been very, very brutally murdered.

You saw it a month ago with the two sitting in a car and it's, uh -- I mean that's just a horrible thing. The anti-police rhetoric of Joe Biden in the Democrat party is really what causes a lot of this, too, but it puts police officers in harm's way. It really puts them in harm's way and we can't let that happen.

Biden referred to police as the enemy, he just referred the enemy quote, quote, the enemy and vilified them as an oppressive racist force. I mean, this guy's gotten just beaten up. He doesn't believe that. I really don't believe him. I shouldn't say that, but I don't believe he believes it. Joe's running mate, oh, how do you like her?  Did Mike, did Mike Pence do a great job?

Did our great Vice President do a great job? He never lets you down. It was just too easy. I said, Mike, that was just too easy. That's not -- oh, she was just terrible. She was terrible. I mean, I -- I couldn't believe he picked her and I've said it a lot. She treated him worse than any would have -- 27 candidates, right?

Twenty-seven for this job. I could tell him. It's not that easy. Oh, don't forget, we have done more than any administration in the first three and a half years in the history of our country. We've rebuilt our military, we've cut more regulation than any other administration by a factor of a lot, and we all did this.

We have more federal judges by the end of the first term than any other administration. In fact, percentage-wise the only one that has more, there's only one President that has more percentage-wise, not the number because we'll have 300 or maybe even more than that by the end of the first term. But there's only one President that has a higher than I have, do you know who that is?

George Washington. Give him a hat. Give him a make America again hat. We'll say make Amercica great again hat, again, again. We made it great again and now, we're going to make it great again because we had to close it up, saved 2 million lives and now we're opening it up and we're doing record numbers and you'll hear.

Joe's running mate and America's most liberal Senator, Kamala Harris.  Recently urged their supporters to donate to a fund that bailed out the rioters that did so much harm and even physical damage to people, but damage in Minneapolis and they want to bail them out of jail, and she was heading up a group to get them out of jail and including a really bad attempted cop killer.

He attempted killing a policeman. Thirteen members of Biden's staff donated to the same fund. You know, by the way, they talk about fundraising, right? I'm good at fundraising. I could be the greatest fundraiser in history. I'm the President of the United States. I'm like a really smart guy like you are, but I tell you what, well, think of this, think of this, if I wanted to pick up a phone and call Wall Street say the big firms, say, yeah, got to raise extra, they'll do it everywhere.

I mean it's so easy, it's so easy. I could have more money. The problem is if you do that, what happens is when they call you in two months, three months, four months because they need something, you got to take their call and you got to do it. So Biden is raising a lot of money because they're promising all these things to all these people.

Now I have a much better platform because I am the President, right? I could raise money and then the fake news goes out and says you know what, we're doing great. We're doing great in the small donors, the small donors like $61 apiece and stuff, but I could raise more money than anybody in the history of politics.

But I don't want to call these people and say do me a favor, the head of Goldman Sachs. I don't want to say do me a favor. All these people, nobody could ever raise money like me. I just don't want to do it because it puts us all, meaning us, I did this for us, not for me. Believe me. I didn't do it -- I didn't do it for me.

I lost a fortune. This job -- job has cost me billions of billions of dollars, billions. They don't like to say that billions of dollars. And yet if a man from Kuwait comes up and stays at one of my hotels for $259.13, takes a room. Next day, Trump takes Arab as a guest in one of the hotels. I mean you know, billions I lost and that's OK because I'm doing something that's the most important thing I've ever done.

I don't care. There are a lot of rich people around, what the hell difference does it make? But I've lost billions, you know I never talk about it, they never talk about it. So I get paid I guess $400,000; $450,000 and I give up my salary, I don't get it. You don't read that. You don't read it because do you know why?

It's not good for them to say that, but -- and I don't talk about it, but tonight I'll talk about it. So I get the highest salary because you're the President and I give it up. I don't take it. So that's nice, but I would say it cost me $2 billion, $3 billion, maybe more billion dollars and all the work -- I have good, good kids, they don't do jobs.

They don't do -- I don't say you get -- can you imagine if they want to go to the Middle East and do jobs all over the place? I'd have hotels being built in every city, in every country in the world and I have great kids and they're ambitious kids. They'd like to do it, I say you can't do it. And by the way, there's no legal reason you can't do it.

But there is a big reason, psychologically, you cannot go to Saudi Arabia and all these different places that we protect and we do all these things and that buys a lot of our planes and a lot of our everything. You can't allow them, you can't allow them. So that's the way it is, but I would be the greatest fundraiser in the history of politics.

But if you don't mind, we don't need the money you know and we won't do it that way, but they're raising a lot of money. And every time I see them raising a lot of money, I say because I know exactly what's going on, deals are being made. That especially when you look at Joe Biden, I mean look at what's going on with that family.

The Democrat party's war on cops is driving police officers to leave their jobs in record numbers, no one is hurt more by the left-wing crusade against law enforcement than African Americans. They're hurt the most and you look at it and you know it. Last year, and by the way, large percentages of our policemen and women are African Americans, it's the black community.

Last year, in just four Democrat-run cities, over 1,000 African Americans were murdered as a result of violent crime. This year, murders in Democrat cities have increased by more than 30% and we'd help them, we'd help them. We want to help them. We say call, I say call, they don't want to call, more than half of the victims are African Americans.

Joe Biden and the left ignored these American victims. I never will. We're never going to ignore them. We have done more for the Black community than any President with the exception of Abraham Lincoln, it's true, it's true. Criminal justice reform, Obama couldn't do it. I don't even think he tried to do it, frankly, but he could have never done it.

Bush couldn't do it, none of them could do it. They didn't even -- and it was desperately needed. Criminal justice reform, I did it. Prison reform, we did it. We did things nobody -- how about Opportunity Zones, right? So great for Hispanic, so great for the Black community, the jobs. We worked in that with the great Senator from South Carolina, Tim Scott, great guy.

Historically, Black Colleges and Universities, you went to one -- oh, which one did you go to? I love that, very good. That's a good one. I don't know if I could have gotten in. That's too good, that's too tough. That's a good one, right? It's good. Well, anyway, they have be happy with me. But listen, so after three years, every three years, every year, some -- a group of like 44 people, 44, 45, they'd come up.

The head people at all of these colleges and they'd come up and I'd see them. And the first year, I saw them I thought it was routine and they're up because they needed money for the colleges. I said, oh, it's interesting. Second year, I said, what are you doing back here? Why are you back? Sir, we have to come every year.

For years and years, decades, they've been coming up every year. And then, I see them the third year and I say, wait a minute, let's get this straight. You mean you come up here every three years to beg for money. He said we beg for money and we feel like beggars, he's -- the one gentleman was great. He told me exactly those words.

He said they make his comeback every year. Obama never did it, Obama never did it. And I said so, wait, here's what we're going to do. We're going to get you long-term funding and here's what I did, I got them more money than they were asking for, and now for a 10-year period. And I said the only bad news is I may never see you again.

I may never see you again, but we did that for the Black community and we did a lot of other things and I say that nobody has done more for the Black community. But with all of that, the biggest thing of all is criminal justice reform. You know about Alice Johnson and we have so many people like Alice. She's an incredible person.

Ask yourself this question, do you want to vote for the candidate supported by anti-American rioters? Or do you want to vote for the candidate supported by so many of our great people and the heroes of law enforcement? And that's what it is. You know Biden made a speech, I think it is today. I mean he makes so few of them and I think he stays in his place in Delaware.

And I like Delaware, but does he ever leave Delaware, right? But he made a speech, there was nobody in the audience, and they never say this. They never say it. We come here, take those cameras and show them, please, please, OK, you know. We come here -- no, I'm telling you, today, I think the camera slipped because in his case they shouldn't show the audience.

In our case, they should and the camera must have slipped, and then we -- there was like nobody there. He's speaking and there's nobody there and I'm saying nobody reports that and he never leaves his little area. And you know, I'll tell you what, as President of the United States, I met with Gold Star families the other week.

I met where -- I meet with a lot of people. I cannot -- I have an obligation. I can't lock myself into a basement in the White House. I can't lock myself into a beautiful bedroom at the top of the White House. I can't wait -- you'd be, you know, there's no risk, no, nothing. I'm the President of the United States.

And I would often say, I would often say I meet people and these are incredible, like the Gold Star families. They lost sons and daughters and husbands in Iraq and Afghanistan, and other places, and I can't say I want to cancel the meeting. And I met about 48 families and you know when they come up to you and they're closed in, they were tested and all, but you know, there's questions all about everything, right?

This is a very difficult situation and when they come up to you and they want to say my son was so brave and they want to tell their story. It's amazing. I mean their son died three or four years ago. This is all, in almost all cases. I say so tell me what happened. Sir, my daughter was a helicopter pilot and she was so good.

She was so good, sir, and she was -- she was shot down, sir, in Iraq. And then they tell me what happened and how brave and how great and -- and I can't say, do me a favor. You just can't do that. And I say, every time I meet with groups of people, it's not all like that. It's also other people and you meet with  but I can't cancel -- like cancel culture.

You know they want to cancel everything, right? I can't cancel these people. I have to take care of our people. And every time I do it, I say you know it's risky and sure as hell I caught it. And now I guess they say I'm immune so you could -- I'm immune and I got better fast. I got better fast. I can now jump into the audience and give you all a big kiss, the women and the men like this.

I'll even kiss the men. I'll kiss those big powerful men down there. I won't love it, but I'll kiss. Anyway, so, no, it's -- you know, it's an incredible thing, but I have an obligation. I can't say -- somebody said, why did you do this? Why did you do this? Because these meetings are so important to people and you're the President and I can't do that.

And what happened -- and I always said after, I said, boy, that's risky probably, I guess, but you know whatever it is and really -- I got really well taken care of. And I really believe that this therapeutic or this cure, it was incredible. And you know, we're going to make what I had available to everybody, free, free.

It's incredible, the antibody. I think the antibody is the best thing. We're going to make it free. So you know and it's been incredible what we've been able to do. If you support our police, if you stand with the heroes of law enforcement, then you must defeat the Democrats on November 3rd. You have to do it.

You have to do it. And by the way, I -- you know, I hate to say it, I got a little briefing. I've been here before as you know, but I get a little briefing on the area. You know this is a Democrat area, but it's a Democrat area that really likes Trump a lot. And a lot of us are really great, really great workers and the workers like me.

Do you know who doesn't like me? The heads of the Union, they never liked me. Do you know who does like me? The people in the union, they like me, but -- but I'll tell you, this is largely, you know, a lot of Democrats. And many people in this audience are Democrats, but they're Democrats who are going to vote for Trump and we do great here.

We do great here and -- and I appreciate it. And I take care of our workers and I take care of jobs, and China will not get away with what they got away with. They're not going to get away with it. They're not going to get away with it. We just finished an incredible trade deal. In fact, two weeks ago, the largest order of corn in the history of our country, the largest order of soybeans in the history, the largest beef order, cattle, the beef order.

And there's -- all of that's good, but you know what, not the same. Does that make sense to you? It doesn't mean what it would have meant had they not put us through. Because they stopped it from going into China, but they didn't stop it from going to the rest of the world, including our country, Europe, the rest of the world.

So, uh, so you're Democrats, some of whom -- by the way, just seriously, we're without a big  I'm just curious. Raise your hand if you're a -- and seriously, it's just that -- I'm going to do a poll across nothing, right? I like these polls across nothing. You know they do a poll, cost $1 million, they interview like 12 people, right?

Then they wonder why their polls are off you know. We've interviewed 253 people, they oversample Democrats by 28%. Trump is down five. I'd say, yeah, but you're interviewing mostly Democrats, did you ever see that? I guess there must be a legal reason why they have to put it, but they oversample by 18%, 20%, 21%, oh, how about last election?

So I was down in all nine places that I had to win. That wasn't a good feeling and I wake up, how are we doing? Well, you're down in all nine places. By the end of the evening, I won all nine places, right, right? Think of that. Other than that they did a great job of polling. They even had me believing it for a while, but what I didn't believe because we had a lot of spirit four years ago.

And by the way, nothing like we have now. This is -- this is far greater. You know, this is still 17 days out and you know it sounds like very little, but that's a lot, that's a lot. Normally a crowd like this would be like for the night before for a candidate, a one-time shot. We have this all over. You had to see what we had in Pennsylvania and Florida.

We were in Florida, we had I think 41,000 people all over. We were in Atlanta, we were in -- we just got back from Georgia. I mean it's like this, but the spirit, we have much more spirit now than we ever had four years ago and we had a record, a record. But you know what, the media is more corrupt and they're worse.

The media -- it's not -- it's not really Biden because he can't answer. She was tougher, she was smarter. Look, Hillary was a lot smarter than sleepy Joe. Let's not kid ourselves. He was a better candidate. Well, I don't know. Look, you know, we'll see how it all turns out, right? What's a better candidate?

It's a bet -- but -- but she was much sharper, she was much smarter, but it's not that. The media has become crazed and the big tech companies have become crazed.  They won't let the fact that we caught him in a totally corrupt deal. They won't let the news get out. They won't let -- and in all fairness to Fox, I have my own problems with Fox, but at least Fox is letting it up.

And I'll tell you who is incredible, a newspaper called The New York Post. The oldest paper in America. It's the fifth-largest paper in America and they are all into finding out about all of this. Joe Biden, forget about the family, Joe Biden. Yeah, I mean it really is, right? It's really corruption, but it's Joe Biden corruption.

So we're thrilled to be here with some incredible people and you're going to be joined by a man and I mean this, too. And you know, I say, oh, everybody's wonderful and then half the time you can't stand them but you've got to say, but this guy is wonderful. He's one of the smartest people in the Senate, a lot of people don't know that.

See, I know that because I do a lot of very complex things and there aren't a lot of people that understand, but he understands and nobody understands finance better. But now what he's doing on -- he's the Chairman of Homeland Security, what he's doing on corruption is unbelievable. And I am very proud of your state for a lot of reasons.

But one of the reasons is that you have a Senator named Ron Johnson, where's Ron? Where's -- come here, come here, come here, Ron. Would you get him up, please? Get him up, come on, Ron. I've got to get him up. He deserves it. He deserves it. Come on, Ron. Come on. Secret Service is worried about it, don't worry about it.

He is one of the greatest people. He's one of the greatest Senators and he -- I guess you know, whenever the hell you're running, you -- I'll be here for you. I will tell you that. Please take up the --

He's a great guy, don't lose him. Ron, what do you have next year, next, uh -- next time, two years, right? Don't lose him. I'll be here, Ron. I'll be fighting for you. No, he's really a great guy and I'm glad you came up and I'm glad to have you here, Ron, and really, we're very proud of you.

We have some warriors with us and people that are busy with us through the fake impeachment hoax, that was one of the great hoaxes. And don't forget, we have done and Ron understands that better than maybe anybody, we've done more in three and a half years than any administration, first three and a half years than any administration in the history.

He mentions Right to Try, that's where a person is terminally ill and they can't get a medicine that looks real good, but it hasn't been approved because it has to go through this long process, which we've cut in half by the way, but they can't get. So now they sign a document and you know, it was very complicated, but not for me it wasn't complicated.

I said you take the liability away, but we had problems with the insurance companies because they didn't want -- we had problems with everybody, including the country. They didn't want to get sued so people would go all over the world if they had some money. If they didn't have money, they go home and they just die.

And now, if we have something that may work, but it's two years away, three years away, they sign just a quick waiver and we've had white -- Right to Try. And Ron, I don't know if you know the success rate. It's been unbelievable, the number of people. This isn't just trying, we have kept people alive and healthy and well and fully recovered.

You know it's a very great thing and I could never understand it because for years, I said why wouldn't they give somebody who's terminally ill the drug? And because they say, we don't want to get sued because they get sued, you know, the family will sue or something happens. I mean I understand it all, but we got it done and they sign a waiver.

But we got it done and the effects -- and you know what else happened? The side effect that nobody thought too much about, these companies that are trying to prove that their drug works, I'll tell you, if it works there, it works everywhere. It's incredible and they're able to be able to speed it up. When they speed them up because we've had some unbelievable stories.

One in particular that I know, a young lady who spoke at our -- at the national convention, Republican National Convention, but the success rate has been incredible. So I want to thank you for that. You're right, you're one of the real authors of it. We want to also thank Glenn Grossman. Glenn has been incredible.

He's been from the beginning by me and I want to thank you, Glenn, for what you've done. A young, beautiful gentleman, Brian Steil. Hi, Brian, what a job he's doing, what a job. This is your deal over here, right? This is good. This is it. Keep him happy, I tell you. He's a -- big future. Thank you very much for being here.

And everybody knows Darin LaHood. Darin, thank you. Great job. Warriors, warriors, you really are. Your all great, Wisconsin. You're producing good in Wisconsin, what can I tell you. The Wisconsin GOP Chairman, Andrew Hitt, where's Andrew? Thank you, Andrew. How are we doing, Andrew? We're going to win this thing, we're going to win it.

We've got a winner. By the way, I wanted to ask before -- before Ron Johnson interrupted me, so who is, uh -- who is a Republican here? Just raise your hand. OK, it's a lot. And seriously, don't worry about you're hand, we all love you. Who is a Democrat here? Republicans, you better get out there and win, huh?

No, and we really do, don't we appreciate them? We have a lot of them over there, too. We have a lot of Democrats, but we really do appreciate it. You know because ultimately, we're looking for the same thing. We're looking for unity, we're looking for one country, and the question was asked a week ago and they said, what about bringing the country together?

Because I want that and I said we were there. Before the China virus hit us, we were there and we were getting calls because the success was bringing us together as a country. We had the greatest employment numbers. We had the greatest African American, Hispanic American, Asian American, women, people with a diploma, people without a diploma, people that graduated first in their class at MIT, everybody.

Everybody was with -- we had 160 million people working. We never had anything like it. And I'm telling you, I bet it was true with you guys, we were getting calls from people that you would least suspect and the country is coming together. Then we got hit by the China virus and it was back to the drawing boards, but the country was coming together and it's going to come together.

It's going to be a success and next year we're going to have the most successful year economically had they -- that we've ever. I also want to introduce the Republican candidate for Senate from the state of Illinois, Mark Curran, and Mark? Great. I heard you were here, good, good, good. I like it. That's great.

Good luck. I hear you're doing well, Mark. Good luck. Great to have you. Thank you very much. I'll tell you what, Illinois could use a new Governor. That guy doesn't know what's happening. We've got to open up that state. They've got to open up that state. The kids have to get back to school. You know Barron had it, right?

They said Barron, Barron dropped, my boy, my very tall young boy. He's very tall, but Barron Trump had it and they said, sir, he tested positive. And like about, uh, nine seconds later, how's Barron doing? Oh, he's all better. No, young people you know they have, uh -- we hate to admit it, they have the stronger -- they have very strong immune system, incredibly strong.

We have to get back to school. We have to get back to school. You watch what happens. On November 4th, they'll all say all right now everybody. They're only doing this for politics. I really believe that because they want the numbers to look as bad as possible. So, whether it's your state or whether it's in Illinois or whether it's New York or whether it's Michigan.

Hey, we won the case in Michigan. The courts have now forced her, they said it was unconstitutional what she was doing. The only person in the whole state that was allowed to have fun and go boney and play tennis and do whatever he want, was the Governor's husband, right?  Her husband was free to do whatever he wanted, but other than that, it was like a prison she was operating.

This election is a choice between a Trump super recovery and a Biden depression. And you know they're going to raise your taxes substantially like quadruple. Because the only candidate -- you know, all my life I've been involved in politics never from this side, but you know a few years ago I said, let's give it a shot.

But what I've always been . It's the only time in my life. You know, I always heard it was good to cut taxes. I said, how do you say we're giving a massive tax increase to everybody? And it's everybody because, you know, you're getting thousands of dollars a year from my tax cuts. We gave the greatest -- the biggest tax cut in history and he wants to end the Trump tax cut.

Now he's saying, well, I won't do that. The same thing like fracking, you know, I'm going to frack, frack, OK. He just changes his mind, but it's what -- he wants to end it. And don't forget child tax credit, that's $1,000 for every child so he's going to end all that. So who's going to end? We're going to end -- he didn't realize that the middle-income people are getting a tremendous tax cut.

And so -- and if you add energy to it because they'll drive energy through the roof you know. They want to end fossil fuel, they're going to end fracking, 100% they're going to end fracking. I mean, this guy goes around, we're going to end fracking for a year and a half. Then, he lucks out gets the nomination because Pocahontas refused to do what she should have done if she believes really in his philosophy of being a socialist, right?

And he gets it and as soon as he gets it, he says no, no, we're going to frack. It's the craziest thing I've ever seen. But if you add energy to it, right, you energy, we're talking about $6,000, $7,000, $8,000 a family. That's a tremendous amount. There's never been anything like that. So if you vote for me, you'll have the greatest -- if he gets in, he's going to raise your taxes like crazy.

If he gets in and it's not him, again, it's his people that tell him what to do. If he gets in, you'll have the greatest depression in the history of this country. Your stocks will go to hell. Everyone thinks stocks, oh, it's rich people. Everybody owns stocks. Your 401(k)s, who has a 401(k) here? That's a lot of people.

OK, are you practically at your all-time high, right? Your 401(k)s will be like wastepaper basket stuff. They'll be right there on the floor. You'll have a depression the likes of which we've never seen with the possible exception of 1929 because I don't think it gets much worse than that. But you can't do that, you can't let this happen because he'll destroy everything we've done.

You know, regulations, we cut more regulations than any administration in history and regulation may be more important in terms of jobs and everything than even the biggest tax cut. It's the biggest tax cut in history and I think the regulation cut, which is more than any President's done no matter there were eight years or in one case more, it doesn't matter.

Our regulation cutting was the biggest. He wants to put them all back. That means all these companies that moved to America, that moved to the United States and came here because of lower taxes, because of all of the things that we've done. It used to take 18 to 21 years to get a highway built, to get a highway approved.

We've got it down to two years and it may -- and let me tell you, it may not make it if it doesn't work environmentally or if it's unsafe, but at least you get to know. We're trying to get it to one year by the way and we're close to getting it. But it used to take -- I mean, we have highways, for 20 years they've been trying to get approvals and then after that gets approved, it's totally different and it cost hundreds of times more money.

If you vote for me, prosperity will surge, normal life will fully resume, and the next year will be the greatest year economically in the history of our country. Joe Biden would terminate our recovery with a draconian unscientific lockdown. I mean not that you're already in it and it'll keep Wisconsin locked up, locked down, and closed for business.

Biden will shut down the country, delay the vaccine, and prolong the pandemic.  And companies will be afraid to invest in Wisconsin. If you -- if you have this happen in our country, but you have a Democrat Governor. I -- I don't know him, but he's a nice guy probably.  But I will tell you, companies, big companies, very strong companies, companies like as an example, Foxconn.

They don't want to invest with these people. They don't want to invest. They don't have any security, they don't have any -- they don't want to invest. I get in, companies like that will put more money in than they even promised, but they're very concerned. I mean they -- they have to have the right climate.

So we are going to do things with Wisconsin, but we're going to do things with this country like honestly, has never even been done before and people will come together because of success. So we're delivering a safe vaccine very soon and a rapid recovery. Biden's plan will crush Wisconsin. My plan will crush the virus and will make Wisconsin greater than ever before.

That's what's going to happen. It's going to happen fast. You know, when you have a spike, you have a surge, but if you remember two months ago, Florida had a big surge. It's now gone, the numbers are very down and it's totally open. Texas had a very big surge and now it's down. If you look at Arizona had a big, big surge, great -- all great Governors and it's down, it's down.

All low numbers, really low numbers, and you can have the same thing, but you've got to open up. You've got to go open up, got to get the place going. Joe Biden is the living embodiment of the corrupt political class that enriched itself while draining the economic life and soul of our country. I mean 47 years he says, well, I should have done this or that.

I said, Joe, you were for 47 years. You never -- I always hated it when he says that I should have done something. I said you know, and he only left a short time ago, it wasn't like they were, you know, 25 years ago. He's been in a high position for 47 years. I said, Joe, you could have done something. For the last 47 years, Joe Biden shipped away your jobs, shut down your factories and you know it very well, you got to hit hard here, threw open your borders, and ravaged our cities while sacrificing American blood and treasure in endless wars that were ridiculous in countries that you'd never even heard of.

Joe Biden -- and they're all coming back. They're all coming back. I got a lot of them, most of them are back. Joe Biden is and always has been a corrupt politician. I hate to say it. And the Biden family is a criminal enterprise, it really is, it's a criminal enterprise. To be honest with you, he makes crooked Hillary Clinton look like an amateur, and China has already bought and paid for Joe Biden.

Let me tell you, if Joe Biden became President, China will own this country, China.  China will own, you know, they're paying us billions and billions of dollars a year. I charge them billions, they never paid ten cents. I gave $28 billion to the farmers, many of them right here, $28 billion, $12 billion, and $16 billion, two years.

I said to Sonny Perdue, Secretary of Agriculture, great guy. How much have we been targeted for our farmers by China? He said, sir, two years ago, $12 billion and last year $16 billion, $28 billion. I said that's good. We're going to target them. We took $28 billion, we had tens of billions left over. They went to the Treasury, our Treasury by the way, our Treasury.

Right into our Treasury, not into China's Treasury, our Treasury, but we had $28 billion that went to the farmers, and a lot of you farmers got it. I also cut the tariffs between Canada and what they were doing to you with 287% tariffs. So I'm not just running against Biden, I'm running against the left-wing media, the big tech companies.  But if you think about the Democrats and the media are one and the same.

When you look at MSDNC and you look at fake news CNN, then you look at the fake New York Times, a failing New York Times. And the good news is, look, well, I don't even call it good news, but when someday I leave, whether it's in four years, eight years, 12 years, 16 years.  Now the story tomorrow will be with the fake news, he a fascist.

He wants to take over. No, no, but when at some point I leave, they're all out of business. They're going to go out of business. They're going to go out of business. They know it, too. That's why I expect someday they're going to all get-together and say let's endorse him. I mean, you know because he's done a really good job and they know that.

This political class has nothing but disdain for you and for your values. They flood your communities with criminal aliens, drugs, and crime while living behind gated compounds and communities. They oppose school choice, so important the school choice, while sending their families to the best private schools.

They attack the Second Amendment while employing armed guards for themselves. They want to get rid of your Second Amendment. It's not going to happen with me, I tell you. I promise. I don't think they'll get Ron Johnson on this. All right, Ron, can I have your pledge, please. I will protect -- OK, we've got Ron Johnson.

Fellas, we have your votes. In 2016, Wisconsin voted to fire this corrupt and decrepit political establishment and you elected an outsider as President to finally put America first. That's what we did. To defend our workers and our national security, I took the toughest-ever action to confront China's rampant theft of American jobs.

When China targeted us, we targeted them and it was very simple, and now we're providing all sorts of everything. What we're doing for you, we have $13 billion coming to help our farmers in addition to all of the money that China paid our farmers, including Wisconsin's incredible dairy farmers. How's the dairy business, right?

Anybody here does specialty milk? People don't realize though, specialty milk are very important. Is there anybody? It's a very small part, but it was like the straw that broke the camel's back because I met with these guys and what they were doing, ripping you off on the big stuff, specialty milk, and anybody do specialty milk?

I don't know. It does it, you know what, it's so small, but when I heard it, it was like 287%, well, those days are over. When the Wisconsin timber industry was threatened, I imposed tariffs on dumped foreign goods and subsidized products saving your timber jobs, and we have a long way to go, we can save a lot more.

We've got plenty of timber. I always say, why the hell are we taking in timber from other countries? We have it all over the place, right? And if they ever manage their forests in California and other places, you wouldn't have these forest fires, and part of that is cutting wedges. You know you have to cut wedges and all that stuff is sold.

We have so much timber and why don't they? You know, I guess we're just nice people doing it from other lands, right? But we're doing good with our timber. We saved our timber jobs. If Joe Biden gets in, the radical left will shut down Wisconsin timber production forever. You know they don't want to let you touch a tree.

If you happen to touch a tree, they want to put you in jail for the rest of your life. I also issued brand new regulations to ensure American workers are first in line for jobs. We want American workers to be first in line. Biden will allow his donors to bring in a flood of cheap foreign workers and wipe out your middle class, we don't want that happening.

Under my leadership, we achieved the most secure border in U.S. history. Our Southern border is so secure, that wall, we're doing 10 miles a week and we'll be hitting over 400 miles within a period of a couple of weeks, and it'll be finished very soon. And by the way, Mexico is paying for the wall you do know -- you know, they keep saying, so finally, they said, well, all right, he's built the wall.

Let's not talk about the wall anymore. So now we're never going to go take -- but Mexico's not paying. No, no, Mexico is paying. We're putting a charge at the border and every -- Mexico's paying us for the wall, but -- but Mexico's been great to us because they have 27,000 soldiers all along our Southern border.

And I want to thank the President of Mexico, who happens to be a great guy and they do have a big COVID problem. This is a good time to have a wall because you know, we have that wall and it is not penetrable, it is just not. Remember, they used to talk about, we don't need a wall that's obsolete, right?

They wanted drones, drones, little drones flying all over. Do you know what the drones would be good at with cameras on them? So that we can watch all the people pouring into our country, right? They wanted drones, remember, crying, Chuck Schumer. Do you know Schumer? He cries anytime. I've known him all his life.

I've never seen him cry, but when he wants to get on camera, he cries so much. Crying Chuck, I call him, you know, because he feels so sad, he feels so sorry for people. Uh, don't worry about it, he doesn't, but crying Chuck. And you understand what I mean, crying Chuck, what a beauty, rotten looks like the -- because -- not a good guy.

But crying Chuck was talking about walls are obsolete. I said walls aren't obsolete and he said, no, no, we need technology, drones. I said drones aren't going to help you. Other than that, I mean they're nice. You know we have all sorts of attachments to the wall. This wall is technologically very advanced and drones are fine, but you've got to have a wall.

And then I said to a group of people and they thought it was sort of cool, you know, you do a computer today, you do a chip, you do anything today, it's obsolete in about 19 minutes, right? We've just developed a new computer, it's the greatest thing ever. Three weeks later somebody does a better one, right?

It's a horrible business. That's why I like real estate. You buy a good piece of land that's good. I like it better, simpler, right? But you know what, everything's obsolete like in 15 minutes, except for two things and you know what that is, I've been telling you, right? A wheel and a wall, in a thousand years, you'll come back and the only two things that you'll have that are very modern will be a wheel and a wall.

Look at the wall they built over there. They took trucks and they put them together because they don't want any criminals coming in here so that's a wall. If they had a drone circling up there or our great Secret Service, I think our Secret Service would be who are the bad guys and who are the good guys?

Look at that, they built a wall. That wall took them about 12 minutes. But the two things are a wheel and a wall. That lower -- everything else is going to be obsolete in about 12 minutes. In the last three years, we've arrested over a half a million criminal aliens, including those charged with murder, assault, sex offenses.

We have over 6,000 murderers that ICE has apprehended in our great Border Patrol and we owe them a debt of gratitude. Think of that, think of that 6,000 murderers we took off the streets. In some cases they're so bad, we didn't even want to give them -- we have to take -- I don't want to pay for them for the next long period of time.

Frankly, if it was up to me, I'm a person that believes in the death penalty, but what are you going to do? It's so controversial so we'll end up keeping them for 50 years. We'll end up feeding him for 50 years, but -- but look, look, let me just tell you, we have -- we have, what the job that ICE does and border patrol and you know, like this guy's a tough guy, you don't want the job.

You don't want it, you don't want it. There's a couple of guys could probably, maybe you'd be good at it. I don't know. He looks pretty tough. You've got to be tough. You know these guys, the ICE guys, you'll see these -- these killers from the MS-13, they're total killers. Sit down, folks. They'll -- just relax.

Look, they're so excited. They won't sit down. Just sit down already, but -- but you know, you get these killers -- look, they'll be standing up in about two seconds. Well, that's a compliment, right? It should be a compliment, right? It's very nice and I appreciate it but relax, relax. What the hell else do we have to do tonight?

The fact is, does anybody have a better time than at a Trump rally, right? But we don't call it a rally, we call it a friendly protest because legally if I call it a friendly protest, you're allowed to be here. If you call it a rally, you're entitled to two people or something. So I said let's call it a protest.

So everybody raise your hand, this is a protest, right? That's actually true. Under the Biden administration, these criminals would be set free. Under the Trump administration, these criminals are put in jail or they're sent home. We have to -- we can't do this. And by the way, the MS-13 gang members are the worst anywhere in the world.

They don't even want, right? They don't even -- I hope you didn't come into contact with one, no? You know too much about them. I don't know. I'm worried about you. Stand up, I'm worried about you. What the hell do you know so much about MS-13? Look at that guy he -- oh, you're not. Is he with you? You know what, can I be honest with you?

He's with you, you have no problem. You got no problem. Thank you. Thank you both very much. That's great, great. But the MS-13, they're killers, they're horrible people, and these people go in and they just -- they go with what they call them a nest, where they'll be standing. They just run in and start swinging and then they always come out on top and you know what, there aren't a lot of people that would be good at that job and we have to respect those people that protect us like this.

Immigration security is national security, remember that and we have to have borders. A nation without borders is not a nation, we don't have a nation. So on behalf of the United States, I'd like to extend my sincere, really sincere condolences to a friend of mine, President Macron of France, where they had just yesterday, a vicious, vicious Islamic terrorist attack.

Beheading, an innocent teacher near Paris, beheading.  Her -- a horrible thing and they've apprehended nine people, who knows? But we've been very, very strong on radical Islamic terrorism and we do have a ban. People said, oh, that's such a terrible thing. Do you remember when I put the ban on?

And then we got sued and we lost -- lost and then we won in the United States Supreme Court. We've also invested -- and France is having a hard time Macron's a great guy and I just want to say whatever we can do. We've also invested $2.5 trillion with a T, trillion dollars in the U.S. military, which was totally depleted when we took over, including major contracts to build new warships that saved the historic shipyard right here in Marinette Marine in Wisconsin, we gave you billions of dollars.

A lot of states wanted that contract, I gave it to you, and I came to Marinette about three months ago and they do a great job, but a lot of people wanted that, a lot of states wanted it and it's OK. I'm going to lose those states, but that's all right. Just remember that Wisconsin, but we gave it -- it's a lot of jobs.

It's actually a very big contract, it gets bigger, but they do fantastic work. I looked at what they were doing, incredible, talented people and you would have lost that shipyard, that's a big yard. You would've lost it, but we saved it, and we've done plenty. We launched the first new branch of the U.S. Armed Forces and nearly 75 years, the Space Force.

And I withdrew from the last administration's disastrous $150 billion for nothing plus $1.8 billion in cash, Iran nuclear deal. And if and when we win, if we win, the first call I'm going to get is from the head of Iran and he's going to say, let's make a deal. You know Iran, their economy, their GDP went down 27%. They're dying to make a deal.

I said, look, you want to really see the election because you're not going to be in a position. You've got to see the election, the first call I get will be them. And then, I'll tell you the other calls, but I better not because I'm going to just make the deal harder if I do. But plenty of other nations are going to be calling because they're going to want to make deals.

I recognized the true capital of Israel and opened the American embassy in Jerusalem. And I also recognize this, and by the way, every President for many, many Presidents, right? Every single President said they were going to do that and you went back, how many Presidents? Many, many, many decades and they all said they were going to do it and they never did it because I'll tell you what, it wasn't easy.

Once they got to office the pressure put on your President, not to do it was incredible. And I told the story, I didn't take phone calls. I got calls from Kings and Presidents and Prime Ministers not to do it. Don't do it, sir, don't do it. We don't want you to do it, you know, and it's going to be horrible if you do it, sir.

It'll cause problems. Then finally, I said, I'll tell you what, who's calling? A king. Who's calling? An Emir. Who else is calling? Prime Ministers, Presidents. In one case, a Queen. I was thinking about taking her call, but I . And I said, no, no, no, what are they calling about? They want to talk you out of moving in the capital of Israel to Jerusalem.

I said, really? It's very important. OK, tell them that I'm going to call them back on Thursday. I had the press conference on a Tuesday, so I said, tell them I'll call him back on Thursday. I look forward to talking to them. I then announced that we were doing it and we had Jerusalem as the capital of Israel and then I called back, the heads of all these countries.

Yes, King, what can I do for you, the President of the United States? Well, I wanted to talk to you about Israel, but it's already been announced. Oh, gee, I wish I got you a little bit sooner, I'm sorry. No, it's much, much easier than you know, like what do we need? So I got back to them and they were all very disappointed.

And you know what, we opened and it was going to cost anywhere from $1 billion to $2 billion. And I said to my very talented, who is one of the greatest lawyers in New York, David Friedman, a great lawyer. I said David, see if you could get a piece of land cheap or a piece that we already own because they want to spend $2 billion to build this thing.

I said we could do it cheaper, calls me back two days later. Sir, we have a piece of land with a building on it. I think we can renovate it for $350,000 and it'll be nicer than the one they want to build. So we did it for $350,000, I actually -- first time in my life, I said, David, I've never said this before, it sounds too cheap, make it $500,000. So instead of spending $1 billion to $2 billion, probably would have never got built.

You can imagine the cost overruns, everything else. And this was a better location, a bigger piece of land, a better view, better everything, safer, better park. You know we got there early, we have the best land, right? That's why I said it. I said, David, no matter where you are, we were always there first, right?

If you want a good building buy a post office. You know it's always there. They were always there first, but we were there first. They say we must and he said we have a great piece of land, the building, we fixed it. It was an empty building and it's beautiful and we used Jerusalem stone, which is a complicated thing.

But I won't tell you about a very expensive except if you happen to be in Jerusalem and it's a beautiful embassy and it's opened and now we have the capital. And I'll tell you something, think of it, every single President. You go back during the campaign, they used to campaign on it and nobody had the guts to do it, but we did it.

Oh, look at you. We did it, right? Did I do it? And we opened the embassy three months later, can you believe that instead of 10 years later? We wouldn't -- we wouldn't have that thing opened for 20 years. I also recognized Israeli sovereignty over the Golan Heights, 52 years they worked on it. I got it done in about two hours.

And instead of endless war in the Middle East, we're forging peace without blood all over the sand, OK. And can't -- countries are coming in and they all want to come in. And the fact is, I did more in 47 months than Joe Biden did in 47 years and it's true. What he did was . And now the Democrats are pushing the most far-left agenda ever put forward by a Presidential nominee.

The Biden plan would destroy your Social Security and destroy protections for people with pre-existing conditions you don't know that. They want to spend all their money on this ridiculous Green New Deal for $100 trillion.  It's crazy. Just -- AOC plus three, a poor student, has no idea about the environment, all of a sudden, she's coming up with a Green New Deal.

And we will not let them take your cattle, don't worry about it. Your cattle are next, the cattle are next. Biden vowed to terminate our travel bans on jihadist regions and he wanted to search -- and they've agreed to this. This is the manifesto I call it with Bernie Sanders, crazy Bernie, and surge refugee admissions by over 700%, this is agreed to, opening the floodgates to radical Islamic terrorism.

How's France doing? Not too good. Your state and your country will be overrun and overwhelmed and it will never happen on my watch, never, never, never, never, never. Biden wants to ban school choice, the most important thing, school choice and he wants to end charter schools, which have been so successful because he's controlled by a group.  But with that, some of the most important people on this planet are teachers, remember that.

We love our teachers, we love our teachers. In a second term, I will provide school choice to every parent in America. And you know, when you talk about the Black community, the Hispanic community, that's one of the great civil rights developments in our country. It's called school choice, right? One of the most important things we can do, school choice and charter schools, but school choice.

A vote for Republicans is a vote for safe communities, great job, just incredible jobs, and a limitless future for all Americans. It's really about the American dream. The American dream is alive and well. The American dream is alive and well.  Thank you, please. Thank you very much.

And I will say again, again and again, had we not been hit with this virus, you would have seen things like you've never seen before. But we're going to have it back there very, very soon. We're setting records, we're going to have it back very soon. So in conclusion, over the next four years, we will make America into the manufacturing superpower of the world and we will end our reliance on China once and for all.

We've already started. We will hire more police, increased penalties for assaults on law enforcement, and we will ban deadly sanctuary cities. We will uphold religious liberty, free speech, and the right to keep and bear arms, Second Amendment. We will strike down terrorists who threaten our children and our citizens and we will keep America out of these endless and ridiculous foreign wars.

We will maintain America's unrivaled military might. We have the greatest military now in the world. When I took over three and a half years ago, you know, in the military, our planes were old, everything was old, our missiles, our rockets, our nuclear wasn't in the condition that it had to be in. You never want to use it, you never want to use it.

We hope to God, we never have to use it. Now we have the greatest weapons ever produced by a single country, not even close. The hydrosonic missiles, I call them the super-duper missiles. They go seven times faster than a normal missile. Now President Obama let that get away. They took our plans to Russia and other places, but now we've done because we had the technology like nobody else.

So that, missiles, rockets, ships, tanks from Ohio. We make them in Ohio. We kept the plant open. I kept that plant open. Lima, I kept -- I kept the plant open. I said you can't close this plant. The plan was to close it. I said you can't -- how we would make -- it's the only place in the country. I visited, went to Ohio with Jim Jordan, a great guy.

I visited and I saw the people and I saw the technology and the complexity. I said you'll never be able to build a plant. You'll never be able to reproduce it. Anyway, we kept it open and now it's working 24 hours around the clock, OK, all made in the U.S., new jets, the fighters, F-35s, everything new. And when I took over, our military and you know it, the military people, it was totally depleted.

We now have the greatest -- we're the envy of Russia and China and North Korea and every country in the world. There is nobody that has anything near our weaponry and again, we hope to God we never ever have to use it, but we will have peace through strength. That's what all -- it's all about. We will end surprise medical billing, require price transparency, which goes into effect on January 1st, and further reduce the cost of prescription drugs.

You know, I -- you know I invoked a thing, you know that what I did, you know, I invoked a favored nations clause, so we are going to pay whatever the lowest price in the world. I said that's what we're going to pay. The difference is 60%, 70%, 80%, 90% reduction. I am not very popular, however, with Big Pharma.

They're spending a lot of money on ads against me. When you see those ads, please remember your drug prices are coming down for a reason. The most powerful lobbyists in the world have. They have the biggest lobby in the world by far. But it's the only way. I mean, every year that -- what they were doing to people, no good.

So and -- or maybe we'll make a deal with Big Pharma along the way but they are spending a fortune of ads and that's OK. I mean people get it, it's going to be the biggest price reduction. You're going to go down 60%, 70%, 80%, maybe 90% in some cases. We will strongly protect Medicare and Social Security and we will always protect patients with pre-existing conditions and they won't. America will land the first woman on the moon and the United States will be the first nation to land an astronaut on Mars.

We're getting very close. We will stop the radical indoctrination of our students and restore patriotic education to our schools. We will teach our children to love our country, honor our history, and always respect our great American flag. You, you -- and we will live by the timeless words of our national motto, In God We Trust.

For years, you had a President who apologized for America. Now you have a President who is standing up for America and standing up for the great people of Wisconsin. Get out and vote. So get your friends and get your family, get your neighbors, get your co-workers. If you have a big lazy boss, if you have a guy that's 150 pounds overweight, but he's a pretty good boss, but he's a little lazy, say, boss, I'm sorry, but you have to get up and you have to vote for Trump.

You've got to get out and vote and you can request an absentee ballot today. And if you already have one, return that ballot right away or just get out and vote. That's what I like. From Madison until Milwaukee, from Oshkosh to Eau Claire -- beautiful names. I love Oshkosh, I love it. Do you know why? Children's clothing, I love it.

I get plenty of it, right? I know they're laughing. They didn't know I'm right. I had plenty of it. And from Green Bay to right here in Janesville, we inherit the legacy of Wisconsin patriots who gave their blood, sweat, and tears for our beloved nation. We stand on the shoulders of American heroes who crossed the oceans, blazed the trails, settled the continent, tamed the wilderness, dug out the Panama Canal, laid down the railroads, I mean think of these things, think of these things, what we're talking about, raised up the great giant skyscrapers, won two World Wars, defeated fascism and communism, and made America the single greatest nation in the history of the world and we are making it greater than ever before.

That's what's happening. Proud citizens like you helped build the country. No, you helped build this incredible country. And together, we are taking back our country, we are returning power to you, the American people. With your help, your devotion, and your drive, we are going to keep on working, we are going to keep on fighting, and we are going to keep on winning, winning, winning.

We are one movement, one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God. And together, with the incredible people of Wisconsin, we have made America powerful again. We have made this country powerful like it's never been. We have made America wealthy again, our stock market's just about at an all-time high.

Look at your stocks, look at those 401(k)s. How would you feel if it went down by 100%? You can only go up. We have made America strong again, we have made America proud again, we have made America safe again, and we will make America great again. Thank you, Wisconsin. Thank you.