Well, thank you very much and hello, Kenosha, it's nice to be back. It's nice to be back. We spend a lot of time with you, a little law and order, we brought law and order to Kenosha. That's what we want. Hello, Wisconsin. Big day tomorrow, big, big day, big day. And I think we're going to do very well in Wisconsin, just like we did four years ago.

And it's an honor to be with you. Thank you. And this is a lot of people this is a lot of people. See, you know what that means? That means we don't have to pay for the microphones because they did a bad job. Tomorrow, we are going to win this state and we are going to win four more years in the white. And with your vote, we will continue to cut your taxes, cut regulations, support our police, support our great military, protect your Second Amendment is under siege, but don't worry about it unless Sleepy Joe got in and you can forget about your Second Amendment, defend religious liberty and ensure more products are proudly stamped with that beautiful phrase made in the USA.

Next year we will be and you know, we're going to be together next year. We're going to be together for four more years and we're going to be together forever because we're doing things that nobody's ever done and we're doing them together. And it was my pleasure to be with you a number of months ago when when you had that, you were in the news, right?

You were in the news.  Next year will be the greatest economic year in the history of our country. And I hope you can hear can you hear back there, by the way? Yes. No, I'll let. OK, that was the problem that you got to get the microphone. What's wrong here? How is that is that getting better? And there was supposed to pay these people right now.

Is that better? Come on. OK, we'll do this, we'll have to improvise, you know, sometimes. OK, you ready? Avoca which is better, this one or this one? Which one? This one. Is that better? Can you hear? It's going to be a very uncomfortable evening for me. All right. Well, come on. Let's go. Good job, fellows.

I'm always saying I want to perfect my good job. Unbelievable. Unbelievable. Is that better now? So this is the first time I've ever used a head held for an hour, two hours, three hours. We have one more tonight after this Grand Rapids, where we finish up at Grand Rapids and we finish up there four years ago and a little bit superstitious.

Let's do it the same way. We came here. We came to Grand Rapids. Let's keep it going. And I hope everyone can hear me now. Yes. Yeah. All the way back there. All the way back. Good. You let me know you're not you're not shy. I was wondering everyone. I thought they didn't like me. I was saying I'm not sure.

I said, what's going on over here? Right. Good. Thank you very much. So under my leadership,  our economy is now growing at the fastest rate ever recorded, thirty three point one percent fastest ever recorded. We created a record eleven point four million jobs in the last five months. That's a record. And while foreign nations are in freefall, we are creating an economic powerhouse unrivaled anywhere in the world.

A recent Gallup poll found that 56 percent of Americans say they're better off today than they were four years ago.  That's under the auspices of Barack Hussein Obama and sleepy Joe Biden. You're not going to want to have Joe Biden. You know, if we had to see the media, look at all the media back there, if we had if they had a cover, if they had to cover him for two months, let's say we have to bring the president back.

We have to break. We have to bring Trump back. They would be out of business. They would be out of business. Biden, Harris and the radical left gained power. They will collapse our economy and send your nation, this wonderful nation, into a depression. That was is what you know, they want it. This is the only guy I've ever seen who runs by saying we will he doesn't say like that.

He goes, well, we will raise your taxes. I never heard that before. You know, I've covered politicians. I've been friends of politicians. I've been enemies also. But I've never seen somebody saying we will raise your taxes. They want to give you the largest tax increase in the history of our country. And we can't let that happen.

We can't let that happen. So get out and vote. Tomorrow is the biggest. Tomorrow will be, I think, will be the most important election in the history of our country. And I never thought I'd say that. I never thought I. So get out and vote. Sleepy Joe Biden will raise your taxes, four trillion dollars massively, increase your regulations, shut down your farms, close down your factories.

How's he doing so far? Send your jobs overseas and start booing them. I don't know if this guy really think it, but I mean, this. Could he really win or was serious about this? What the hell is going on? Is he serious guy has no clue. He shot some people a shot he shot. Did you see him today with the the aviator's? Right.

The glasses came on very tough. He's very agitated. You know, it's like sort of like going crazy, I think. Destroy the suburbs, dissolve your borders, terminate religious liberty, outlaw private health care, confiscate your guns, Second Amendment is a deep trouble. Not with me it's not. It hasn't. You noticed it hasn't been touch, right?

It hasn't been touched. You think that was easy, wasn't easy. And indoctrinate your children with anti-American lies.  So I just signed an executive order to teach our students pro American values,  pro-American. Biden has vowed to abolish the American oil and natural gas industries and ban fracking. Now, from your standpoint, you don't like it because you don't want energy costs going up, right?

That's what he do. Biden's energy plan will send every state into crushing poverty. From Wisconsin to Michigan, Nevada, Pennsylvania, as long as I am president, will remain the number one producer of oil and natural gas in the world. And we are. And we will remain energy independent. You know, we're energy independent, we don't need foreign nations anymore, but we have good relationships in the Middle East, you know, where we're doing peace in the Middle East.

You believe it? No blood in the sand. Peace in the Middle East. Joe Biden is a globalist who spent forty seven years outsourcing your jobs, opening your borders and sacrificing American blood and treasure. On Foreign Wars, you know what they call them, the endless foreign wars countries that many of you have never heard about.

Wow. I don't know, I think we're doing fine with this, Mike, right? I don't want to put this guy under pressure. You're on stage. You got twenty seven thousand people watching. You don't get nervous. He's not nervous. He's a professional. I'll give you the name of his company, never use that company. No, it's fine.

Don't worry about it. This is OK. This isn't bad. Do you want to. Oh, you want to just put it in there, or is it the same Mike as the other one? It's a different mike, that means that we're supposed to be better, right? That's not good. All right. OK, we'll take that sucker out of there, right? Congratulations.

How's he doing? He's doing a good job, right? Come on. Now we're back where we started the whole deal. We're right back where we started, I take the mike out. OK. OK. You know what, and then I won't pay the bill of the company that does this crazy makeover and they'll do a story, Trump is a horrible human being.

It is on paper. No, I don't like to pay bills when people do a bad job. You don't either. But I don't know. They look like nice people. They come from Kenosha. So I'm going to pay the bill anyway. What?  You know what?  At least I prove one thing, you know. Did you ever see where I live? The glass of water and I wear the red tie, this sort of expensive and you know, you don't like to spill water on the red tide, right?

So sometimes I'll use two hands and because I want to catch the water, because I want to save that because I'm basically cheap, you know. So I'll take the water to go like this and I'll take a little sip and they'll say there's something wrong with him. There's something there's something I'm trying to save.

So I go like this. So now by holding a mic all night long like this, you're going to say, well, there's nothing wrong with that right hand or left hand. Now, did you ever hear that there's something wrong? You can't lift a glass of water? No, I have no problem with that. Some someday I may like Joe,  but I don't have any problem.

Biden was a cheerleader for NAFTA and China's entry into the World Trade Organization. Wisconsin lost half of your manufacturing. Think of it. You lost half of your manufacturing jobs after the betrayals. These were betrayals by a lot of people, and Biden was one of them. He's a corrupt politician and he sold out Wisconsin to China, but he's a corrupt politician.

And these people never told you that. And they don't want to write about it. And Big Tech doesn't want to talk about it. And it's off bounds and they're not allowed to talk. And we have suppression. We have suppression. This is a media suppression, the likes of which nobody has ever seen. And if you take a look, you've never seen anything like it with the less famous last words.

But but no, nobody's ever seen anything like it. You know, his son walks in. His son had no job. He left the military. Unfortunately, it was a good. And then what happens is the father becomes vice president and this kid becomes like a human vacuum cleaner. He follows the father into countries, then who are you going to today?

Well, let's go to China. And is a vacuum cleaner follows the father takes in money. It's terrible. They give him one and a half billion dollars, one and a half billion one. And I think of it, one and a half billion dollars. And he gets fees off that millions of dollars a year. There's only one problem. He has no experience investing money.

They give him the money. They gave him the money after ten minutes. I think our Congress has to take a look at that. What do you think? Well,  I think you're going to have to look at it. Can you imagine you have a lot of my kids here tonight. Can you imagine if my kid said, Yeah, Dad, I got a billion and a half dollars from China?

Oh, I don't think they'd want to write about that. The fake news. Do you think that right about that. Then he gets three and a half million dollars from the mayor of Moscow, his wife, right. What did he get that for? Remember I asked that at the debate? The first debate, I said it. Chris Wallace thought it was an inappropriate question.

Really?  I think. You think Chris Wallace. Now, I must tell you, I think Kristen did a better job. Kristen Welker. Right. And I don't mean she was perfect. Actually, some people said she wasn't really very nice. I thought she was nice. Relatively speaking, she was great. For what I get, how about the one, Savannah Guthrie?

You see that one? That was that was another beautiful live at 9:00. It's like she's jumping out of a chair. She's, like, going crazy. But we all do well, you know, I don't get questions like he gets he gets, sir, what kind of ice cream you eat. Did you see that? They never asked me questions like that. In twenty sixteen, Wisconsin voted to fire this crap.

And really, it's like corrupt, corrupt political establishment. Right. And you elected an outsider as president who is finally putting America first and finally putting America. And if I don't sound like a typical Washington politician, it's because I'm not a politician, right? If I don't always play by the rules of the Washington establishment is because I was elected to fight for you and nobody has ever fought harder for you than I am.

I will tell you nobody. When the violent mob came to Kenosha, Biden opposed sending in the National Guard. Of course, you remember this, right? He did. He didn't want to send in the guard. He thought it was terrible to send in the guy. And we sent in the guard and we saved Kenosha.  We saved you know, they said, you know, I think Kenosha is going to like me.

We did a good job. Now we say send him in a little bit earlier. Right. If we had him in a little bit earlier. But that's OK. That's OK. But we sent in. And how good did the Guard do the did we do the job that they did the. Vitellin Kamala, does anybody know who Kamala is, that is wonderful woman She wants to be your first female president.

I don't think so. I don't think so. You know, that's a good reason not to vote for Sleepy Joe, too, right? You don't want to do that. You want to have we all want to see that happen someday, but we don't want this to be the one. Right. But they're waging war on our police. You know that. You police what?

Do you have a lot of police here tonight? I recognize it because. Because I went and I met all of the police, I met a lot of great police, federal police, I met the whole group, and you have great police. I agree with that, but I said with the heroes of law enforcement that I was honored to be endorsed by Kenosha County Sheriff David Beth.

Thank you, David, wherever you may be Wednesday. Thank you, David. That was so nice. That was so nice. They like you out there, David. That's very good. Appreciate it, David. Thank you very much. And as I'm sure you've heard, Biden's far left supporters are threatening to loot and riot tomorrow if they don't get their way of their own, get their way.  Are we already, David, everybody ready to fight if they know we're ready?

And if they know we're not playing games, they won't even be here. They won't show up. You know, it's like I brought an old law into existence when I saw them. We around all over the country knocking down statues and monuments. And we signed we brought it in and I signed it, updated it, signed it. Ten years in prison.

If you knock down a statue or monument and you don't see it anymore, they look and they say, oh, we'd like to knock that one down. But you know what? Ten years is too much. Darling, let's leave now. This is yet more evidence why the radical left cannot be trusted with power. We strongly condemn political violence.

We condemn it and we condemn it strongly. Biden must tell his supporters he doesn't really have supporters. Let's face it. He doesn't have supporters. They got shot, he doesn't have this, there's an ideology that has supporters and he's just a vessel, you know, he happened to be the one that got through because Elizabeth Warren, instead of getting out like she should have and letting Bernie take it.

Bernie, I got to tell you, he he is a great loser. He really is. He loses. It happened with Hillary and it happened with Elizabeth Warren. What she did was incredible. You know, that's a similar philosophy. But Biden ended up being there. Biden ended up being there, and that's the way it is. And he has to tell his supporters, and I think you're going to see something.

Look at the people over here they go. Oh, hello. Can you actually hear this? Can you hear this? Because it's the worst microphone I've ever used in my life. Can you actually hear me over there? They can in the back, all the way back. That's good. Thank you. I can't believe it. It sounds terrible to me. His silence is that it doesn't sound right to me.  It doesn't suck.

It's all right. Good. You know what I keep saying? That Bill. He says, don't pay them. Don't pay him. You hear that, Johnny? Don't pay the damn bill, will you please a piece of garbage? I it's not even the first rate bank. The one the good one is, is it's put to rest. We put it to the good one. We put the rest.

All right. Don't pay a. But as president, I will ensure peace and order in this country. We are going to have peace order. And you're going to have a day tomorrow, the likes of which I think people haven't seen in a long time. Well, you're going to have a redway. It's going to be a beautiful sight. And you know what?

We have a lot of we have we actually have a country that outside of a radical group and this is a radical group, but we have a country that's very well united. When you look at a group of people like this, it's incredible. And I go from here I go, I told you, Grand Rapids, we have they say they have 40, 50 thousand people in Grand Rapids.

Last night in Florida, we had forty five thousand people. No problem. Everybody's in love. Everybody loves our country. It's a beautiful thing. I'm telling you this. There's a lot of unity. We just don't complain. You know, we don't complain. We just go out and do what we have to do. But, you know, when we were having that incredible run, we were doing the best and now we're almost at that same point that we'll be there soon.

But our country was uniting. We were getting calls. We had the best employment numbers ever, African-American, Asian, American, Hispanic, American. And we were getting calls like maybe it's time we get together, you know, because success brings people together, success brings people together. And you're going to see that happening.

Because we're having numbers, the likes of which we've never had before. Thirty three. Think of it, thirty three point one percent, nobody's ever had that the highest was nineteen fifty two and it was less than half of that number. So rioting, looting and arson will be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law.

I'm just telling you that right now. I'm telling you that right now that if people are, you know, I hate to see where they put boards up on a window, this shouldn't be that. It shouldn't be that. But we are going we are a country of law and order. We have to be who we are and people. And you notice I hate to say it, but it's true.

This is a these are Democrat mayors and governors. He's a Democrat, run cities and states. They're the ones who if you look at New York and Chicago and how about Portland, which is anarchists, we could solve that problem. We tell the governor, you want us to solve the problem, we solve it in 30 minutes.

We solved it in Seattle.

We went in. We were going to go in the morning. We announced we're going in in the morning. And they just raised their hands and they left the night before. Then we did a great job in Minneapolis. We did a great job. We're going to win Minnesota for two reasons. We did a great job. Now, they could have called.

They could have let us do it a week and a half early. That would have been nice, you know. Right. So that the announcer, remember,  the anchor you looked over says this is a peaceful protest.  Thank you. What a group, one group, what a group, I've gotten to know this state very well. You know, you surprised, you know, you're the one that put us over the top.

You know that,  right? Remember, we were waiting for Pennsylvania four years ago. We're waiting for Pennsylvania. They didn't want to call it. Oh, they were going crazy. These people, they were crying. They didn't know what the hell was happening. They said this will be a very short evening for Donald Trump four years ago.

Right. And they were just oh, they were looking forward. Remember the woman crying in the convention center? That beautiful. Remember the woman who is going crazy glasses? God, she was she's I wonder where she is right now because they put her away. No,  this was not a person that I was easily going to convince to be on my side.

I think she was going crazy. But remember, at the beginning of the show, everyone's happy, everyone's thrilled. They spent a fortune. It was one of the most beautiful things I've ever seen in terms of a stage they had it shaped like the United States. Hello back. Are you OK?  But that was a hell of an evening and this evening is going to be I'm telling you, tomorrow it's going to be.

I can't say there was was there ever anything as big, I'll tell you, the election is more important, but the evening will be as good or almost as good, and that's OK, too. But that was a phase, right? That was the first that was something that I was some evening. He won Florida. He won Ohio. He won it all.

Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. And because of the microphone, we are giving you back half of your admission price, but considering that you paid nothing, I'm sorry you got the prices right now, it's fine. But, you know, it wasn't that something, though, where they say the evening begins and they say this is going to be very quick.

You know what happened? They did exit polls and a lot of the people said none of your business or who did you vote for? None of your business. That meant Trump. And they did 44 percent. You know that. Forty four percent of the people said none of your business. And that meant Trump. They call it the none of your business vote, but almost all of them.

I think maybe all of them were Trump. So they didn't count them. So they said, oh, this is going to be a blowout tonight. But they didn't realize, you know, these pollsters haven't been doing so good with me and we blew it out. It was incredible. It started with Ohio. Remember, we're going to do great in Ohio tomorrow, too, by the way.

Great place. Donald Trump has won the state of Ohio. That's a big sign. You know, I heard for a year when we were doing this, you cannot win unless you win the state of Ohio. Every night they did it and then all of a sudden poll numbers started coming out that I was leading in Ohio. But anyway. But they thought I was going to win by one point.

I won by eight. They said he won Ohio. He won by eight points. What the hell is going on here?  That's a lot. And then they said, oh, no, oh, no, please don't tell me this, Donald Trump has won the state of Florida.  No, no, no, no, please, please, please, please remember Martha Raddatz, ABC. Oh, my God.

Oh, please, please don't tell me this. Oh, no, I'm neutral. I'm I'm very neutral. I don't. Please Martha in neutral. Please. The tears wipe them away quickly. No, then we won Florida, then we won Georgia, then we went South Carolina, then we won the firewall was remember North Carolina? That's the firewall we are going to win North Carolina, they have they put so much money into North Carolina.

But we had an asset from North Carolina named Lara Lara, Lara Trump, married to married to the legendary Eric Tropp. Where are you? Are you two there? We had a we had a big asset there, Laura Trump, and she knew that area so well and they loved her so much. They loved her so much and they just had another baby and they named the baby Carolina, they named the baby Caroline.

And I tell you, though, but I say we have to give South Carolina some credit, too, for that. Break them up, come on up, get over. Come on, bring them up. Break them up. Right. Come on. Come on, Laura. This one, they love her in North Carolina, South Carolina, Pennsylvania. And they love her in Wisconsin, too.

Here you go. I'm done. Now, apparently, Wisconsin,  who here is ready for four more years? A vote for Donald Trump is a vote for freedom, a vote for Donald Trump is a voice vote for the future. A vote for Donald Trump is a vote for a god and a vote for Donald Trump is a vote for America. How do you guys feel?

Are we going to win Wisconsin? Let's go do this a second time. Thank you. Great job. Thank you very much. Thank you, honey. Thanks, Eric, thanks, Twitter. They're doing a good job. They're working hard. I'll tell you, they're all working hard. They're all working hard. We have a whole group of families, like a family reunion tonight.

Well, you know, this is now the big time because tomorrow's the big day and we have one more stop to actually, you know, I did five today, but I could say I could say I did six because in Miami we finished it close to two o'clock in the morning. So let's say I did six today. OK, after Grand Rapids, Joe Biden is bought and paid for by big tech, big media and powerful special interests.

You know that they own him, they control him and they know he will always do their bidding. And when he raises three hundred million dollars for this campaign in a short period of time, ask him what deals did you have to make? Because I would be the greatest fundraiser of all time. I can call the Wall Street guys.

I know them all. I could say send me twenty five million dollars immediately, please. Yes, sir, Mr. President, I will. But, you know, once you do that, you're totally compromised. You can't do anything properly once you do that. And I say, I don't want to do that. And we we did very well with the fundraising stuff, but a lot of it came in small donations.

First time a Republican has ever raised a lot of money with small donations like sixty one dollars average or something like that. Every corrupt force in American life has betrayed you and hurt you. And they're all supported by Joe Biden, the failed establishment that started the disastrous foreign wars.

They're supported by sleepy Joe Biden, the career politicians that offshored your industries. And you had plenty offshored and decimated your factories. They support Joe Biden, the open borders lobbyists, all the people that killed our fellow citizens with illegal drugs, gangs and crime. And you know a lot about that.

They support Joe Biden, the anti-American radicals, defaming our noble history, heritage and heroes. They support Joe Biden. And that's cancer culture. We don't believe in cancer culture. Antifa and the rioters and looters and Marxists and left wing extremists, they all support Joe Biden. This election comes down to a simple choice do you want to be ruled by the corrupt and selfish political class or do you want to be governed by the American people?

It's what it's all about. It's the American people. They've taken that away. They've taken it away. And what's going on with big tech and what's going on with the media is nobody has ever seen anything like it. There's never been anything like it. Nobody has seen anything like it where, you know, you can't have it.

You can't have you can't have a scandal if there's nothing written about it is pretty tough. A vote for Biden is a vote to give control of government over to the globalists and communists and socialists and wealthy liberal hypocrites, hypocrites who want to silence, censor,  cancel and punish you. These are real, real trouble.

If you want your children to be safe, if you want your values to be respected, if you want your if you want to be just treated with dignity and respect, then I am asking you tomorrow to go out and vote for your all time favorite president. Because we still have work to do. Remember what I said four years ago, I am your voice, and we will all together make America great again.

That's what we're doing.  What we've done for the last four years, the deprave swamp has tried everything to stop me. Can you imagine if they didn't do the hoax? The Russia Russia hoax. Right. Russia, Russia, Russia. How about just getting up the other day? The laptop from hell. Right. That's where's Hunter.

Where's that there. Where's Hunter. Oh, he's in a country. I see his father just left the country. He's going to scam them for a couple of bucks. Where is Hunter? Nobody's got the laptop from hell. And she got up with the watermelon head like a watermelon and he goes, this was produced by Russia. These people are crazy.

I tell you, I a crazy bunch, but they know I don't answer to them. My answer to you. It's true. I'd look, I didn't need this. I didn't need this. I had a very nice life. I had a very nice life. But you know what? The greatest thing I ever did because no administration, no president in the first three and a half years.

The biggest tax cut in history, the biggest regulation cuts, rebuilding our military. Look at what we've done. Look at what we've done. Our vets just gave a 91 percent approval rating, the highest in history, the highest in history. Now, look at what we've done. Space. I never even talked about space for us.

I never talked. I realized we needed it. After I was in office, I looked. I saw. I saw Russia. I saw China. I said, we need space for us. First time in seventy four years. New one, right. A new one. Right, Congressman? We did we did a great job on it. Together we will defeat the corrupt establishment. We will be thrown the failed political class.

We will drain the Washington swamp and we will save the American dream. A dream for your children, your grandchildren. Right. A dream for your children and your grandchildren. We have the energy and the people to prove the corrupt media wrong. And that's what we have. We have an energy like no movement has ever had in this country.

You know, somebody would go in and do well in New Hampshire as an example, I'm thinking about one man because I have a lot of respect for him. He did well, came in second in a primary, and he became famous for many years. What we did is we won all the primaries, we won everything, and then we won the presidency.

Now, there's never been a movement like this and now they go after us illegally. They spied on our campaign. Our campaign is up ass, our campaign. They tried to take out a duly elected president of the United States. And we caught them and we caught them. And let's see what happens to them. And you know who is a part of it?

Barack Hussein Obama and sleepy Joe Biden and plenty of others like Neomi, etc., but plenty of others. But they were a part of it. So now we'll see what happens, right? We're going to see we're going to see what happens. So but you have to get out and vote is the biggest thing. Get out and vote. Who, by the way, who's already voted.  But we have a tendency to vote on Election Day Republican.

So let me ask you, who is planning to vote tomorrow? A very important, very important. Is anybody planning to vote for sleepy Joe Biden? Please raise your hand. Does anybody have the courage right now to get out and vote? Well, that's good. That's a lot of people. So a lot of you vote a little bit early then.

Do you trust the ballot system? Do you do early voting or do you do the ballot early? I like early, but early. As early as good ballot is not good. We got a very horrible, horrible ruling from the Supreme Court of the United States, a ruling that puts our country in danger actually on Pennsylvania. They have so much time to do this thing.

Oh, let them put their votes in and give them plenty of time. You know, we have a date. It's called November 3rd. We don't have a date that says many days later we don't have a date that says you're allowed to go and start putting your vote in later and we can tabulate it later. Take you to the whole world is waiting to find out.

And there's great danger in that. No. One, there's danger that there's a lot of shenanigans that go on from that time forth. There's a lot of shenanigans and then there's a lot of bad things that can happen with with the streets. I mean, you're going to have a population that's going to be very, very angry and you just can't do that.

That is such a dangerous decision. That is such a disappointment when I heard that decision. That's a terrible decision, just you go take a look at it, and I know you people are taking a look at it, but there's not a decision that I've ever heard of like that where people if you want to put your ballot in and if you want to, you go and you put it in two or three or four weeks early, you know, go and put your hand.

You said you had a whole year. You had a lot of time. You had a lot of time. So they say, oh, this is so terrible. You know, they gave him extra time and then all the time. So now we're going to be all waiting around because Pennsylvania, we're going to win Pennsylvania. It's a great state. But, you know, it's like you.

It's in a total shutdown. They shut it down. The governor is a Democrat. He shut it down. It'll probably open on the fourth. It'll open up the hill and ICE. Ladies and gentlemen, now that the election's over, we're going to open it up. Right. But you can't do that. That's a very, very dangerous decision by the Supreme Court.

I guess it was a political decision. I don't know what it was. I don't know what they were thinking. And you know what? Maybe I should maybe I shouldn't be speaking this way. I'm very disappointed on behalf of this country that a thing like this can happen because we could be waiting for weeks before we ever find out what's going on.

The whole world is waiting for this decision. It's a very sad it's a very sad thing. And hopefully it's going to be changed. Hopefully their wisdom and they have wisdom. Hopefully their wisdom will prevail and they'll do something and lawyers will be going in and they'll be fighting. And, you know, but people in fact, it's all over television tonight.

I'm coming from place to place and them. The good thing about Air Force One, it's got more televisions than any hotel room in the world. OK, you have them on the floors, you have them on the ceilings, you have them all over. And you see the comments that are being made about the decision. And some of the pros are saying this is a very dangerous decision for our country because so many things I mean, they're going to say, well, how many votes short our we we need 6000 votes.

Well, let's take six thousand of these. We'll put them over here. Let's take six thousand of these. It's going to be cheating. It's going to be cheating. It's like they are putting these people. And you know what? We don't consider the people that have been running elections in Philadelphia, to be very honest.

We've had a lot of problems with Philadelphia. So that's the story. And hopefully that'll be changed. And I'm sure the people would say, oh, you shouldn't speak that way about the Supreme Court. We've had so many bad decisions out of the Supreme Court that I will speak that way. And that's the way it is.

This election is also a choice between a deadly Biden lockdown and a safe vaccine that ends. And by the way, we're rounding the turn anyway. But we have great vaccines. We have great vaccines coming. We have great vaccines coming. And it's a lot of good things are happening. And, you know, when you look at the therapeutics excuse me, you're right.

I'm right here. No, I don't think the therapeutic help me. I don't think I needed it. I'm glad I got it right. Regeneron, we're going to make it available free to anybody that needs it. We're making it available free to anybody that needs it free. But I'll tell you what, I'm sure I didn't because I'm you know, I'm a perfect physical specimen and I am considered very, very young.

I'm considered young for my age now. I'm a perfect specimen. I'm in perfect shape. So I'm sure I would have thrown it away. But no, but I had it. And the next morning I was not feeling good at all. I tell you, the doctor said, Sir, I hate to say it. You've just tested positive. I said, Doc, Sean, a great doctor, White House doctor.

I said, Sean, tell me, what does that mean? Tested positive for what, sir? You've tested positive for the China Plague. You know, he used it much nicer than he said COVID. He said COVID. You know, it's got about thirty seven names, you know, that we could name. But I always like to have a China in there because I like to be accurate.

But but he said, sir, you have tested positive for COVID. I said, I'm in the middle of the campaign. I can't be positive. I COVID. And so anyway, so I was and I didn't feel too good and the first lady had it. At least now you know that all those rumors is that she lives in Virginia. Separate. I mean, at least now, you know, she lives in the White House because she got it probably for me or whatever.

I don't know what the hell you know. Do you ever hear the first lady lives in Virginia, a beautiful house over a rivers of the. No, no, she lives here, but at least that. And then I know people love the first lady. They love the Steube. They love the first lady. It's true. I love her. She's doing a good job.

They love that whole family back there. They love that family back there. Great family. Hi, Tiffany. So so then Soleimani has it, but she knocked it out pretty good and I did a great job, you know, I was surrounded by these doctors, 12 doctors have told the story. Each one was a specialist at Johns Hopkins.

Walter Reed Medical Center is incredible. You know, that's our military center. It's incredible. And I'm surrounded. Right. I'm just surrounded by these brilliant doctors. One thing, when you're president, you get a lot of doctors and each doctor grabbed a different part of my body. And I said, I don't like this at all, but they told me about this one thing and I said, I really do, I like it, I wrote it.

But it was very, you know, a little bit early. What we've done with getting it through the FDA has been incredible. Biden wouldn't have this stuff done for years. Well, he had his chance with the swine flu and totally blew it. Right. It was a disaster. It was a disaster anyway. So I wake up the next morning and I'm telling you, I felt like Superman.

I was so I wanted to get out. I said, give me another trade deal to renegotiate that these clowns have screwed it up. Give me a trade deal to renegotiate. And where am I supposed to be? Well, sir, could you take it easy for a couple of days? And people are sort of amazed I've done these things, I mean, I do them these are not easy to do, especially when you have no damn microphone.

I mean,  I'm working harder on this one than I have on all six that I did today. This is the hardest one because I have a microphone that was obviously meant for congressmen and senators, not for a president. So it's a little bit off. But that's OK. You know, you have to learn how to deal funny when you put it back in here and hand it to me.

But that's where we started. I thought that was better. Nobody got that. Only this front row got that one. I thought that was very clever, actually. But then he came up to me, the doctor, he said, Sir, I'm sorry to inform you that your son Barron has tested positive again, I said brilliantly. For what he said, for COVID, I said, oh, that's terrible.

Oh, no, he'll be OK, sir. He'll be OK. I said, it's terrible, but he's young and he's strong and he's very tall. Have you ever seen, I say, Haibao, 14 years old. He's very tall. It's he's definitely tall and he's strong, but he's young. And I said, that's terrible. He said, no, he'll be OK, sir, he'll be OK.

And I said, well, I hope like 12 minutes later I say, husband doing doctor, sir, he's 100 percent now. He's. Get your kids back to school. OK. Right, get them back to school. All right, so we're going to mass distribute the vaccine in just a few short weeks. It's going to be coming out very soon. And we will quickly eradicate the virus, wipe out the China plague once and for all.

Get it the hell out of here. We will never forget either. We will not forget. That was not good. You know, we made a great trade deal with China, as you know very well. But, you know, the ink wasn't dry before we got this and no good. No good. Joe Biden is promising to delay the vaccine and turn America into a prison state, locking you in your home while you're you're far left.

Anarchists are allowed to roam the streets, burn down your cities, hit people over the head. They're allowed to do that. So that's why I always call all of these rallies protests. These are not rallies anymore because you're allowed to have a protest. You can't have a rally and you can't go to church. You know, you're not allowed to go to church, but you're allowed to burn down the cities with the protest.

So we always call these friendly protests. The Biden locked out will mean no school, no graduations, no weddings, no Thanksgiving, no Christmas, no Easter, no Fourth of July and no future. Other than that, it's really not a bad way to go. A vote for sleepy Joe Biden is a vote for a lockdown's layoffs, misery and no fracking.

How about the guy? No fracking for over a year and a half. There will be no fracking. He goes to Pennsylvania. Absolutely will frack. OK, and these guys don't do anything about it. If you want a vaccine to kill the virus, a job to support your family and freedom to live your life, then you have no choice but to cast your ballot for a gentleman named Donald Trump.  And as I said, you have to remember this, you know, because during the debate, the debate was good.

Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very. Thank you very much. Thank you, everybody. It's a great honor to be with you. I really did during the Kenosha disaster. I really got to be friendly with a lot of people up here long before that, because we've had so many different people that we deal with.

You have great people.

We're going to introduce you to a few of them, but you have great people here. But I really got to know you during that problem, that potential crisis that we put out very, very swiftly once we got called. And it's great. You're great people. You built the country a great people. Joe Biden. And as I said, he ran the H1N1, he called it in one H when he couldn't get it right.

He still does. He can't get it right. I said Joe H. Kavanaughs before and it's easy to remember H1N1 swine flu. And he failed horribly. And he was a laughingstock all over Washington, as you remember, and his chief of staff. I don't know why this guy said it, but he made the worst statements. He said, this guy, we have no idea what we're doing now.

All of a sudden he's coming and he's he was the one that said I shouldn't close it down to China. Heavily infected China. Right. You remember that mess. And then now he runs. He said I should have closed it sooner. It's it's really disgraceful. Secretary of Defense Robert Gates, a respected man. He said Biden has been wrong on nearly every major foreign policy and national security issue over the past four years.

Right. Four years. He said he's always wrong and he has been always wrong. I don't believe he's even running. I can't believe the whole I've watched I watched the debates had twenty seven total killers on the stage and he was there and. But you don't have to believe me because it's you and because it's Wisconsin.

We spent a fortune and hopefully that'll work better than the microphone. Try it. Put it on.

And here comes the train that he tried to make sure to continue to go up front. Now, that's the commuter line. That's where. But folks, look, anyway, I am I am very willing to let the American public judge my physical, mental health, my physical, as well as my mental fitness, I'll lead an effective strategy to mobilize through the next effort to pressure the.

Thank you. What a good job. Jack. Thank you very much. It was just a small little sampling, we had many more. Some were too rough to put on. We just decided. But that said, look. This is not what our country needs. This isn't this isn't about yeah, it is about me, I guess, when you think of it. But but this is not what our country can have.

We can't have this one thing. I'll tell you, I learned President Xi of China. President Putin of Russia, Kim Jong un of North Korea and many others, all of them, they're very sharp, they're very smart, they're very sharp. He wasn't sharp 25 years ago. And now it's you can't let this happen to our country.

That's all I can say, because it's not a game. We're not playing a game. You know, we have a good time tonight. We love each other. We're having fun. But when you get right there, it's not about fun. We can't let this happen to our country. Joining us tonight, speaking about somebody that's great is a senator who is my friend.

He's my friend. And he is a he just doesn't stop. He's one of the sharpest, toughest people in Washington. And he is on when he's on somebody, that person has no chance or that bad group has no chance. He's the head of homeland, but he is a respected person and he's your senator and we love him. And I'm telling you, everybody in Washington talks about him in the greatest of tones, Senator Ron Johnson.

Ron, thank you. And he doesn't stop, you talk about not giving up. He doesn't stop, and we have Brian style. Congressman, great job. Great job you're doing. Thank you. Thank you. Very great job you're doing. Glenn Grothman. Glenn, thank you very much. Great job. Glenn's doing a great job. Darren LaHood, Darren.

Good job, Darren. What a good group. And you have a wonderful candidate who is going to be running. And you know who that is is. Where is he? Where is Jim? Jim. Jim Oberweis. Jim. Thank you, Jim. And I heard you doing well, Glenn. How's he doing in the polls? OK. He said he's going to win. When he says he's going to win.

He's going to win. Toker. I heard you doing very well. Good. Very good. State GOP chair Andrew Hit. How are we doing, Andrew? Tomorrow? Good. We're OK because he's doing a nice job. But if we don't win, he'll be fired immediately. And a friend of mine and a guy who's done a terrific job, he loves his state Kenosha his own Reince Priebus, where is he writes, stand up rights, workers rights.

What a nice what a good guy he is to what a good guy he's done. Took me years to learn how to pronounce his name properly, but he's a fantastic person. I'm especially glad to be joined tonight by Don Jr. and Kimberly and Don. Come on up there, say, bring them up. Come on, come on up. See, he's a he's a mountain man.

He loves to go out the hunting. He does it. You don't have a jacket on. You catch a cold. He likes the outdoors. Are you doing OK? Come on. Say hello.

Good job. Thank you. Thanks, Kim.

Thank you very much. And I'll tell you, they're campaigning hard. They're all campaigning hard. They're all campaigning. So I see back there, Ivanka and Jared, Jared is doing peace in the Middle East. Jared is doing a great job, peace in the Middle East. Jared, are you going to get it done? You're going to get it done, Jared.

I hope so. Come on up. Come on up. Jared and Ivanka. Come on. Come on. This is like an old home week for you. I look back. The whole family is here. Tiffany, come on up, I see Tiffany, come on up, Tiffany, come on up here, honey, up.

Thank you, sweetheart. Would you like to say something about peace in the Middle East to this very small crowd?

Thank you. Great job, Jared. Thank you. Thank you, everybody. Thanks, kids. Thanks, everybody. And I see some people. Do I see Corey Lewandowski back there? Yes. Do I see David? Is that David? Come on. Get over here. Corey. Corey Lewandowski. David. Come on. David Bossie. What what a group.

Stand up. Just that we don't have to hear from them. The mic doesn't work anyway, so don't worry about it. Great job. Great job. Good luck on television tomorrow. I think you're going to have a blowout tomorrow.

OK, but I want to thank. Look, I have a great family. I have a family. They're working all the time, all of them. And we appreciate it. Special people. And we're really you know, we didn't need this. We had a wonderful super I was just going, good. Then I said, you know, maybe I'll give it a shot. You know why?

Because of trade. It started because of trade. I hate it. I watched it was so obvious the way we were being ripped off on trade. And I said, let's give it a whirl. And I said to my wife, I'd like to do it. What do you think? She said, Well, you have to really want it because you know you will win, don't you?

I said, Do you think so? Really? She had more she had a little more security in the fact that if I ran. No, she said, you will win if you but you have to make sure you want it. I said, I want to do it because we have so many things we could do. I never thought we would have done what we've done. We've done a lot together, together.

We've done so much. I mean, you think about all it probably started more. I talk to Ron about I probably started with trade because I hated our companies were leaving to Mexico, Canada, China. They were all leaving our country. We had these stupid laws and horrible tax deals where they had incentives to move to Mexico.

They got incentivized to move to Mexico. Somebody had a concept, gee, let's make Mexico great again. You know, I said, no, I want to make our country great again. So that's the story. It's a complicated story, but it all evolved into this evening. And tomorrow we have our big day. And tomorrow I think that I think it's going to be a really special day.

And I hope you can all go out. You'll find the time and go out and vote. And we're going to make you very proud. You're going to make you're going to be made really very proud of just finishing off. For decades, our politicians spent trillions of dollars rebuilding foreign nations, fighting foreign wars and defending foreign borders.

But now we're finally protecting our nation, rebuilding our cities, that we are bringing our jobs and our factories and our troops. Finally, finally, finally, we're bringing them back home to the USA where they belong. For forty seven years, Joe Biden viciously attacked black Americans. He called young black men super predators all the time to every black American.

I am asking you to go out tomorrow and vote. Very important. This is your one and only chance to show sleepy Joe Biden what you think of his decision to attack you, to jail you and to betray you, I'm fighting for you. And we got criminal justice reform, completed prison reform, completed opportunity zones completed with the great Tim Scott of South Carolina and funding for historically black colleges and universities.

We got that done. And I say all the time and sometimes people say that's a big statement. Then they realize it's true. With the exception of Abraham Lincoln, there's never been a president that has done so much for the black community. And it's my honor. It's my honor. It is my honor and under my leadership and by the way, I don't know if you've been watching what's going on in Florida.

We're doing really well. And you know what they're talking about. The black community and the Hispanic American community is really they like and Trump what's going on now? We're doing very well. Florida. Florida is doing very well. So in conclusion, over the next four years, we will make America into the manufacturing superpower of the world and we will end our reliance on China once and for all.

It's already begun. We will hire more police, increased penalties for assaults on law enforcement, and we will ban deadly sanctuary cities. With God's help, we will defend the right to life, religious liberty, free speech and the right to keep and bear arms. Your Second Amendment, which is totally under siege.

But as long as Ron Johnson and your great congressman are there, we will protect it. Right, Glenn? Everybody, we will protect it. Ron, that's an easy one for us. But it wouldn't be easy if he got it. We wouldn't have enough to say about it. We will maintain America's unrivaled military might and we will ensure peace through strength.

We will end surprized. Medical billing require price transparency starts on January 1st, and it will be bigger than health care. Lower drug prices, even more favored nations. The drug companies do not like me too much. I will tell you what have the lowest drug prices anywhere in the world. And we will always protect patients with preexisting conditions.

America will land. The first woman on the moon in the United States will be the first nation to land an astronaut on Mars. We will stop the radical indoctrination of our students and we will restore patriotic education to our schools. We will teach our children to love our country, honor our history, and always respect our great American flag.

And we will live by the timeless words of our national motto in God We Trust. For years you had a president who apologized to America. We had a system. I mean, we have had I watched Obama go out and apologize all over the world. He would apologize all over the world. He apologized for America. Now you have a president who is standing up for America and standing up for the great, great people of Wisconsin tomorrow.  You have the power, you have the vote.

You have the power really to save America. We can't go down that path. We will never be a socialist country. We will never be. So get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors, get your coworkers, grab your boss by the time and say, come on, boss, we got to get out and vote, get out and vote from Madison to Milwaukee, from Janesville to lacrosse and from your team is doing well, right?

Your team is doing well. Green Bay. Green Bay. They like you, like your quarterback. I do, I like your quarterback, you know who I like? We like Brett Favre. Do you like you know that Brett Favre endorsed me last week, that we love Brett Favre for that great guy. I got to know him. He's a he's a tough cookie.

He's a tough guy. A great, great guy. Green Bay to right here in Kenosha, we inherit the legacy of American patriots who gave their blood, sweat and tears to defend our country and to defend our freedom. We stand on the shoulders of American heroes who cross the oceans, settle the continent, tame the wilderness, lay down the railroads, raised up the great skyscrapers, won two world wars, defeated fascism and communism, and made America into the single greatest nation in the history of the world.

And the best is yet to come. Proud citizens like you helped build this country, and together we are taking back our country. We are returning power to you, the American people, with your help, your devotion and your drive. We are going to keep on working. We are going to keep on fighting. And we are going to keep on winning, winning, winning, winning you.

We are one movement, one people, one family and one glorious nation under God. And together with the incredible people of Wisconsin, we have made America powerful again. We have made America wealthy again, your 401(k)s are doing very well. We have made America strong again. We have made America proud again.

We're proud again. We're respected, well respected again. We have made America safe again. And we will make America great again. Thank you, Wisconsin. Thank you, Wisconsin. Go out and vote. Thank you. It's a great honor.