Well, thank you very much, Ohio. Thank you very much. Thank you. You know this is really not a rally, you know this, this has to do with workers, programs, all the things we love, but this is really, we call it a friendly protest. OK. And you know what we're protesting? We're protesting stupidity. OK. Because of that.

So many stupid things you see here. But hello, ho -- I'll tell you what, Ohio, how -- how good have you been? out there? What did we win by? A lot. And your governor's here and he just said you're winning by a lot more this time than last time so, that's good. Thank you. Mike, thank you very much. But hello, Ohio.

And thank you very much. I'm thrilled to be here in Dayton, the home of the Wright Brothers, whoa. I wonder what they would think when they see some of these F-35s and these crazy planes that we make nowadays that go thousands of miles an hour, right. They won -- I wonder, but I wanted to just thank the, uh, the very hardworking patriots who are the backbone of America.

You really are, you're the backbone of America. This is an amazing group of people. You know, I'm going to another very nice spot in Ohio where we do have a rally, but I can't imagine you have many more people than we have here, but they will, about 10 times more. Now, this is for us and our friends and workers.

We want workers 43 days from now, we're going to win this state. We're going to win four more years in the White House. That's true. Yeah, true. Thank you.  Thank you. Thank you. You know you had your best year in the history of your state, in the history of our country last year.

And we had it until the plague came in and now we're building it up again rapidly, but you had the best year and we're going to have -- next year will be the best year we've ever had, I believe that. You'd see that in the third quarter. But we're here today to talk about jobs. We're talking about jobs, a very favorite subject of mine to know and to understand that the choice in November is going to be very simple.

There's never been a time where there's such a difference. One is, probably communism, I don't know, they keep saying socialism. I think they're gone. They've got over that one, that one's passed already. Joe Biden has spent the last 47 years shipping your jobs to China and foreign countries. You know that.

And I've spent the last four years bringing the jobs back to our country and back to Ohio. On November 3rd, Americans will decide whether we lift our nation to soaring new heights of prosperity, or whether we will allow a Joe Biden, Sleepy Joe, to shut down our economy, impose a 4 trillion, with a -- that's with the T, by the way, $4 trillion tax hike, abolish Ohio, clean coal, oil, natural gas, and ship your jobs and factories and dreams overseas to China and countries that you've never even heard of.

Put simply, if Biden wins, China wins. If we win Ohio wins. And most importantly, in all fairness, America wins because you finally have a president who puts America first. And I do put America first. I guess that's why almost four years ago -- that's why I did this, right? It's because of this, probably more than any other reason.

I watched the jobs going out. I never saw anything so stupid in my life. I watched the worst trade deals and we've reversed many of them, almost all of them now, but we've reversed them. And again, we were having the greatest year we've ever had, and it's going to be back very soon. You take a look at what's happening.

We're joined today by a real good friend of mine. Somebody that's been with me from the beginning and I've been with him from the beginning, Ohio governor, Mike DeWine. Where's Mike? Where's Mike? Where's Mike.  He's opening up his album. Where's Mike? Thank you, Mike. Thank you, Mike. He's a good man.

And Lieutenant Governor John Euston. Good guys. Yeah. Thanks, John. Good job. Congressman Warren Davidson. You know, Warren? Whoa, Warren, that's very impressive. These are real warriors. I'll tell you another one, Mike Turner. Do we know Mike, huh? Hell of a lawyer. Thank you, Mike. Thanks for all the help too, both of you, really appreciate it.

And, uh, man, you know, I -- I -- I don't know. I don't know if you know him, he should become legendary because when we didn't have a lot of support, I had a guy named Bob Paduchick. You know Bob? And he kept saying, every time I said, you know, we're not getting the kind of support from the top people.

He said that's OK, sir, you went up another two points. We won the state by a lot. Remember the fake news? It's a lot of it back there too, a lot of fake news. But they were going around, Mike. Hey, Mike, they were going around saying, "Well, Trump may not be able to -- " Remember, you have to, in order to win, you have to win Ohio, right?

And then for a year I heard you cannot win unless you win the great state of Ohio, but they didn't say the great state, I say the great state. And I heard it -- I heard it for so long. It would be impossible. And then we won that night by what? Nine points. What was it, Bob? Nine points. We won by a lot.

In fact, it was the first indication that that was going to be a tough night for the Democrats. They say, "Ladies and gentlemen, not only did Trump win Ohio, he won by a hell of a lot more than we anticipated." And then we -- then we went on this guy. That's why I love these guys. We're not going to miss -- Nobody's messing with these guys.

You know, they're great workers, but we use them also for security. If anyone gets a little bit, a little bit rough, we'll take -- you'll take care, right, fellas? Thank you very much. Thank you. But we want it big. And that was the beginning of one of the most exciting nights in history because we did something in 2016 that was amazing.

And I'll tell you, honestly, there's more enthusiasm now. And this is fact, in fact they have a new thing. First of all, you know, we're working very hard when getting a third Supreme Court justice. I'm going to announce who that is. The only thing I'll say for the women, it will be a woman. Uh, oh, there are a lot of angry people.

OK. Here's a question. OK. It will be a woman. Does anybody here, please raise your hand if you have the carriage, is there anybody here that insists that it will be and should be a man? Is there anybody with the courage, please put up your hand right now. Lot of women here. So, OK, ready? Supreme Court justice.

Most powerful, most important, just the most important, you know, when you become president, they say this is the single, most important thing a president does is pick Supreme Court. And by the way, by the end of the first term, we will have 300 federal judges, a record. So let's -- let's give me a free poll.

We do this -- I have such far with it. We do it -- Give me a free poll. You know, if they go out, they charge hundreds of thousands of dollars. They interview like 19 people, which mean nothing. Here, we got a lot of people. So give me a free poll. Who would like to see a woman justice of the Supreme Court?

Who would like to see a male justice of the Supreme Court? The only one that I hear there is women. There was some women -- What's that all about? Now it be a brilliant person. It will be -- I -- I have five that we're vetting right now. It'll be a brilliant person. It will be a woman. It will be a woman.

And we're looking forward to it. And we'll probably announce it on Saturday, maybe Friday, but Saturday. And it's a big day for our country. It's a big day for you. It's a big day for Ohio. And so I think it'll be great. You know, I always love watch -- I just said that like big day for Ohio and I do it somewhat routinely.

Do you ever notice when Biden goes out and he always picks the wrong location? Like if he's in Ohio, it's great to be in the state of Florida. Then he looks around and he doesn't see too many Palm trees. He said, "Are we in Florida?" No, you're not. Good. He did that seven times. How do you do that? When you do that, you just walk off the stage, it's over.

There's nothing you can do. You can make the greatest remainder of the speech. There's nothing you can do to save it. But the people of Dayton know better than anyone the terrible damage that Biden has inflicted over his nearly 50 years, 47 years to be exact. Can you believe it? For 47 years, Joe Biden shook the hands of American workers and then stabbed them in the back.

He said, Washington vultures, I mean, think of it, all over. And they raked in cash, they raked in big money. Where's -- where's his son? Where is he? Where's the son? I'll tell ya. Where is he? What did I say? Where is --  Where is he? Go ahead. You know, we did that for fun.

Where's Hunter? We did a t-shirt, that thing's so -- We come up with these little gems, Where's Hunter? You know where he is? Yeah. He's in the basement with his father. Isn't it? Yeah. Where's Hunter. No, Hunter did very well. He had no job. He was thrown out of the military and he was thrown out and he had no job.

And then he goes to -- he goes to Ukraine and he gets 183,000 a month. Although he had no experience whatsoever doing nothing about the subject of the company, which you know, was energy. I think they got an upfront payment of 3 million just to be able to get them. And then think of that. Can you be -- $183,000 a month and $3 million upfront payment?

How about that? I'd take that one myself, you know. And then they go to China. He walks out with $1.5 billion to manage, which is millions of dollars a year. The whole thing is crazy. And the fake news doesn't want to cover it. They don't want to cover it. Did you see the interview the other day with Edison Cooper, the other night?

That was softball -- That was like here, Joe. So we'll say we have a debate coming up. Who knows, you know, look, he's been doing this -- You know what? He's been doing it for 47 years. I've been doing it for three and a half years. So he should be able to beat me, I would think. He's much more experienced.

He's great. Oh, he's a beauty, but he'd betrayed you, he lied to you, he abused you, which is why it's time to retire, Joe Biden. This is serious stuff. Serious stuff. Do we have any Teamsters here? Teamsters? Any Teamsters here? That's all? One? All right. Well, I did a big favor for the Teamsters. You know that, a trucking company, I think 30,000 jobs going out.

James Hoffa called up, "Could you help? Could you help? Could you help?" I helped. I kept that company going. They saved 30,000 jobs, but then every year they always endorse the Democrat. Doesn't matter, good or bad. And James Hoffa, I'm so disappointed in that guy. So I called, I said, "You know, I'd love to get their support.", "Oh, I'm sorry, sir.

They've already endorsed Sleepy Joe Biden." It's like automatic. But you know who doesn't endorse him, all the workers underneath, and they'll either throw him out or he'll retire. He'll retire. You'll get tired of it. It's like automatic. They endorsed the Democrat because the Democrats do whatever the hell they want.

It's a -- it's really. But the workers, the people underneath, the real people, they're with us all the way. I've hired thousands and thousands of , all the concrete work of buildings in Manhattan. But they just -- it's just like wedded. It's almost like a habit. I consider it a habit. And I think it's disgraceful.

But I saved this company. A big company, good company, great people. We saved it. And then you say unrelated, totally unrelated. Hey, we'd love to have a, well, I'm sorry. It's already done. These people are terrible, but that's all right. You always have to remember things, though. Remember you got to remember, right, workers?

On November 3rd, we must turn the page forever on the failed corrupt political class. That's what it is. They get so much things that are so unfair to the rest of our country. And that's why they're always with that top level of Democrat, but the workers are with us. Biden is a diehard globalist. You know, globalists are out, you know that, right?

Globalist destroyed -- they helped destroy this country. I'll tell you, if I didn't come along, I really made it, this country was -- it was going down and we stopped it. And if you look at your Second Amendment, if you look at so many different things, no matter what it is, you look at our jobs, our jobs prior to the -- the plague.

And now coming back, you know, the housing is a record-setting, car manufacturing is record-setting; you take a look at car sales, are record-setting; retailing, who would think retail is record-setting. It's amazing. because we had such a good foundation. We closed it up. We saved millions of lives. We had no choice.

You had to do that. And then we opened it and now we're rocking. It's going good. It's really going good. But the Democrats, really, wage war on the American workers for half a century. Look what they've done. Biden's policies destroyed 60,000 factories and killed four-point, think of it, 4.5 million manufacturing jobs.

We brought back 700,000 when they said -- Right,? They said the magic wand, you can't do it. Manufacturing jobs are gone. I said, really? I don't think so. Biden champion the NAFTA disaster and China's entry into the World Trade Organization, which was a total catastrophe. That's when China started going up like a rocket.

You know, they're considered in the world trade -- they're considered a developing nation. No, they're not a developing nation. By being a developing nation they get all sorts of advantages over us. So we've been protesting it. And we do things that you wouldn't believe. You don't even want to hear about it because it's disgraceful.

China is a developing nation. And therefore, for years and years, they had big advantages over the United States. But no more. What followed was the -- nothing short, and think of it, nothing short of a blue-collar carnage. And it was in Ohio and Pennsylvania, and North Carolina, New Hampshire, and Michigan.

You know how many car plants we're bringing back to Michigan? Nobody's ever seen it for 40 years. They didn't build a plant and now they're building them all over. And I tell countries, I told a great gentleman, he just retired, Prime Minister Abe of Japan. I said, "Shinzo, you got to build plants here. You can't do this.

You're building your cars in Japan and sending them. We want our cars built here. We want cars built here." and they're -- He said, "Well, that's not up to me, that's up to the company.", "That's all right, Shinzo. I know you can do it." The next day they announced five plants. I mean, you, know what can I tell you.

I know my people it's up to Shinzo it. It wasn't up to -- it wasn't up to anybody else, but he's great. The workers of America will never forget Biden's economic treachery. They will remember, in November, after Biden betrayed, and think of it, all the betrayals on NAFTA and China, 40% of all of the manufacturing jobs were shipped out of date.

And now the good thing is, your roads, you didn't have a lot of traffic. So that's the good news, everything else was bad, right? It was everything else was bad. 30,000 Dayton families saw their jobs disappear overnight. By 2016, the per capita income in Dayton had fallen 12% below the national average of $50,000. Remember this, this old tapping, I mean, these numbers are incredible what's happened in three years, Ohio lost one in three manufacturing jobs, two out of three iron and steel mill jobs.

And half of it's auto jobs, courtesy of Joe Biden. And that proved -- that proved, that whole ideology. And now of course his ideology has changed, he's so far left. He has -- just so you understand, he has no choice, this is not him. He's being pulled left. You see where Kamala, Kamala, she's another great one.

That one. You see her poll numbers? Her poll numbers were going down and I can't -- nobody treated him worse than to Kamala, right? And she said the Harris administration and working with Joe Biden -- Did you see that? But he said worse. He said the Harris -- right? He said the Harris-Biden administration, and I heard that.

I actually heard that live, although it's not real live, I'll tell you. It's half -- half gone, it's shot. It's shot. He said the Harris-Biden administration will -- And that's where it is. Look. This guy is shot. I mean, if he makes it, it's going to be -- I'm going to come back to Dayton, I'm going to say, "What the hell happened?" I will have lost to the worst presidential candidate in the history of politics.

I really believe that. The guy can't speak without the teleprompter. Although I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I think -- She says  I hope you're right. I hope. Thank you. I hope you're right. I tell you the country can't afford it. One thing I've learned is that President Xi of China, President Putin of Russia, Kim Jong-un, North Korea; every one of these leaders, they're not shot.

And we can't have somebody that's Sleepy. We can't have a sleepy guy negotiating for us. Oh, would they like to see him though? Did you see, would they like to see Joe? It's their dream to see Joe. How about Iran? You think Iran might like to see Joe Biden? They'd go back and say, "Give me another $150 billion." You know, we gave him 150 billion.

We gave him 1.8 billion in cash. You know that looks like? 1.8 billion in cash. And I'll tell you what, if and when we win, we will get a call with a red nine seconds after the victory. And it will be a red. It's going to want to make a deal. We want them to make a deal. We want them to be good. We want them to be strong.

They just can't have a nuclear weapon. That's always very simple. Can't have a nuclear weapon. What I told people, I said, "Don't talk to him now." Look, they want to wait. This is like, this is the gift. If they could do that, if China could do it, I mean, think of it. If Russia could do it, by the way, nobody's been tougher on Russia than me with the sanctions.

With the -- I exposed, right, Nord Stream 2, that's the pipeline. No, you never heard of Nord Stream until I came along, I said to Jeremy, let me get this straight. We defend Germany. Right? We defend German and that's it. They don't pay what they're supposed to pay, they're delinquent, you know, they're delinquent.

So I said to Angola, and I like Angola, but I said, but she's smart. You know, why should she pay? If she doesn't have to. So I said, Angola, "So we defend you against Russia and you pay billions of dollars to Russia. How does that work? Explain to me what's that all about?" But you never heard about that stuff.

We'd give tank busters to Ukraine. We sell them in theory. I don't know if we'll ever get the money, you know. We -- we sell them, but you know, he gave pillows. Maybe he got them from Mike Lindell, the pillow man. You think when -- when Obama, when Obama sent pillows over to Ukraine, I send tank busters, they sent pillows.

And the fake news goes, oh. Let me tell you. We have been very rough. But at the same time, we get along. I like Putin. He likes me and we get along. It's better -- isn't it when you say smart, you get along? OK, smart. I get along. I got along with President XI, but I had an -- after what happened here.

I'm having a hard time with China, I really am. You know, they're buying a lot, the trade deal's incredible. Uh, they have been living up to it in all fairness, the largest order of corn in the history of our country, largest order of soybeans, largest cattle order. But it means less now you understand, right?

If we wouldn't have been hit with this pandemic, which they could've stopped, it would have meant a lot, but it just means a lot less to me right now. So now after selling you out and bleeding you dry, Biden is back asking for your vote. The guy -- When he was in primetime, which for him was about halftime.

Long time ago. I had a friend, a Senator, a Democrat, believe it or not. I used to get along with Democrats very well, actually better than the Republicans, but I won't say that, but I asked him, "Who's your smartest Senator?" and he gave me a name. This is 25 years ago. I said, "Who's your dumbest Senator?", "Joe.", "Who's Joe?", "Joe Biden." Oh, I see.

He's -- He is really, yeah, he's the dumbest senator. Well, now he's a lot dumber than he used to be, I can tell you that. It's true. It's true. It's true. And you can take the gloves off because you know, they do all this disinformation, they make up phony stuff, like the military with what he said, I think it's a disgrace and he should apologize.

A source said, I have 27 people that said no way, it didn't happen. They said it and their names are out there. So when they do that, you take the gloves off, that's all. Really dishonest people, dishonest people. No, it's a disgrace. And nobody's done for the military what I've done, you know, we've totally rebuilt our military.

We made it stronger than ever. We have the greatest weapons in the world. We've gotten raises for our great warriors. Our vet has got -- just got a 91% approval, rated the highest in the history of the VA, our vets. They gave it a 91, the VA, they gave it a 91% approval rating. So nobody's done more. Nobody.

And we do, we have weapons, the likes of which nobody's ever seen before. Hope to God, we don't have to use them, but nobody has them. Not China, not Russia. Nobody has the weaponry that we have. We have the greatest weapons in the world and hope we don't have to use them. Just remember that. We have the, uh, I call it the super-duper missiles, like at a level that nobody's ever seen before.

You don't see them either. They go through here, they say, boy, what happened? What was that? It's gone. It's here. There it is. I hear a noise over there. Where is it? It's gone. It's other there, but it's a hydrosonic. I call it super-duper, super-duper is easier for people to understand than hydrosonic.

But you know, we have the greatest -- a week, you know, $2.5 trillion we spent the greatest weapons in the world. The greatest weapons that this world has ever seen without a question, I don't have to say what they are. In fact, the fake news said, "He just gave away classified information." I said, "No, I just said, we have the greatest weapons.

I didn't tell you what they are." I could, because as president I'm allowed to do it, I mean, you know, Hillary Clinton is the one that gives away classified information. Yeah. Hillary. And how about the idiot John Bolton? I mean, he comes in and only wants to do is go to war with everybody. If I listened to that idiot, we'd be right now in World War V. "Sir, we saw some movement in China.

I think we should go to war with them. And I think Russia let's do them both at the same time. Let's also go in right now to North Korea." Hey, do you remember North Korea? We were supposed to be in war with North Korea. What happened? What happened? You know what the press said? They said it's amazing. First, they said it was amazing and those people lost their job probably.

You know, it's amazing what I've done, they said, And no, we're supposed to be at war and they have a lot of nuclear stuff. You know, it wouldn't be easy. We'd win. We're going to win. Although I tell you, when I took over, our military was totally depleted. We had a depleted mili -- we had old planes, we had old everything.

It was a depleted military. And now it's a beautiful, brand new -- we have F-35s that you can't see. Stealth, they're stealth. We have all new rockets, all new missiles, brand-new planes, the bombers, the tankers, the jet fighters. What we've done is incredible. And we had to do it. Somebody had to do it.

You know, somebody said, "Well, we're sort of doing some damage to our budget." I said, "Look, I want to have a strong military." If I see some people, some soldiers from foreign lands, right, walking up or running up the White House lawn, the beautiful South Lawn of the White House, I'm not going to be saying, you know, we didn't do too well with the military, but we kept it under control in the budget, right?

No, no. The military supersedes everything. I don't know. To me, I've always heard the Supreme Court, but to me, the most important thing has always been the military, our defense, and our offense if needed. You know, it's always been the most -- Joe Biden should not be asking for your support. He should be begging for your forgiveness, and he shouldn't be.

Biden supported the disastrous Trans-Pacific Partnership. This building wouldn't be here if you ever did that one, which would have been a death sentence for the U.S. auto industry and other industries, he supported the horrendous Korea deal. OK. How about the South Korea deal? It's a disaster. So that was a Hillary Clinton deal.

I must say, not him. Although, I guess he had a, you know, he was vice. Hey, you know, what's interesting with Biden. So he always says, "Why didn't the president do this? And why did the president do that? And why he didn't do this and that, and this and that." The guy has been there for 47 years, but he just left like three and a half years ago.

You know what I mean? He was there and I keep saying, "Uh, why didn't you do it?" What did you do it? You know, coulda done it. It's not like he was 25 years ago. They were there three and a half years ago. Why didn't you do it, Sleepy Joe? But the Korea deal, and I say it all the time, she said, this will create 250,000 jobs.

And everybody got all excited. Oh, those jobs, the problem was the jobs were all produced in South Korea, so that didn't work out to well. 250,000 jobs for South Korea. Anyway, I renegotiated the deal in its entirety. Now it's a good deal. That was a rip-off, I tell you. And the pro-China-Paris climate accord, it's pro everything is pro everybody, but us, that would have cost us trillions of dollars.

And we would have had the privilege of closing down Dayton's, uh, probably 25% of your companies. You couldn't have never -- you could have never done it. It's an anti-America deal. And you know when I did it? I thought I'd be scorned. People understood that it was a total rip off. They understood it. With every decision, Joe Biden twisted a knife into the hands and heart of the American worker.

But these brutal betrayals ended the day I took the oath of office. That's true. I mean, I saw so much stupidity, the endless wars. And we're almost out of Afghanistan, as you know. Not easy to get out because we have people in this country, the military-industrial complex. Eisenhower called it, the military-industrial complex, and it does exist.

It's not easy to get out, but we're very close to getting out and getting out of the Middle East. We're down to very little in Iraq. We're down to almost nothing in Syria. But you know, I will be honest with you, we are keeping, we kept the oil. Somebody said, "You still have some soldiers in Syria." I said, "That's right.

I kept the oil." We kept the oil. We should have done that in Iraq. Remember I used to say a long time ago before I was -- "Don't go into the middle East, but if you're going to go in and keep the oil." but we went in and we didn't keep anything. And all the death, the blood in the sand, I call it the blood in the sand, that worthless sand, all of that death that's been caused for no reasons.

The worst decision in the history of our country, going into the Middle East. We're in there now, $8 trillion, we're almost down, $8 trillion and nothing but death and millions of lives if you look at both sides. I'm looking at both sides, somebody said, "Oh, he shouldn't be looking at the other side." I'm looking at both sides.

A lot of innocent people were killed. We lost incredible soldiers. I see the coffins, the caskets come in in Dover. And I see it and I said, "Oh boy, why, why, why, why, why did they do this?" My first week, I withdrew from the Trans-Pacific Partnership and saved that whole business of -- of so much -- I extended the -- And what I had to do is I extended for a short time and then totally ended NAFTA.

You know NAFTA is the worst trade deal ever made, ever made. And we did the USMCA, Mexico-Canada. We have a great deal. And the reason I know it's a great deal because the other sides are unhappy. You always liked to have an unhappy person at the other sides. No, they're OK. But they had a free -- rip at us for years and years and years.

NAFTA. How many -- how many buildings, how many factories did you lose right here? When they moved over to Mexico, moved up to Canada, moved all over the place, but that's not going to happen anymore. The new deal makes it very prohibitive to do that. In 2017, I signed a historic executive order making it really something.

You got us do a little, a couple of little expressions: Let's go buy American and hire American. You know life is crazy in politics. Biden runs for president like two or three times, right? And I used to call him 1% Joe, and that was prime time for him, right? Now that prime time is long over, he ends up winning the nomination, explain it, but had Elizabeth Warren left and been loyal to her communist ideology, they say socialists, but it's communist, it was pretty close, maybe somewhere in between, heading toward the seaward.

But had she left before Super Tuesday, Biden would have lost every state, but she took the votes away from Bernie. And Bernie is a nice guy. You know, Crazy Bernie. He -- he is the nicest loser I've ever seen. You know, when they talk about sportsmanship, he got screwed by Hillary Clinton badly, but not as badly as this time, this was worse because all Pocahontas had to do is leave a day early.

She didn't even have to induce him. And the votes that she got, which weren't many, but far more than he needed, because he lost a couple of States by literally a small amount of votes. He would have gotten most of those votes. He would've won. He would have been the one we -- we fought. I don't know. Who would have been better?

Who would have been easier, Sleepy Joe Biden or Crazy Bernie? Tell me. Sleepy Joe. Who says Sleepy Joe? Who says Bernie? I don't know. It's hard. Bernie had more spirit. You know, Joe's got no spirit, it's dead as a rock. The only spirit he's got is spirit to beat me. And that's called a negative spirit.

And historically, that doesn't do that well. If you look at old races when somebody's getting votes, because they don't like somebody, you know, there's an ideology that -- let's face it, doesn't like me too much. Somebody said, "We don't like his personality." I said, "I always thought I had a good personality." They don't like my personality, who the hell cares about my personal.

Goto get the job done. See those rough guys over there, I don't like that personality either, but they get the job done, right? Who the hell cares. Who cares about their person -- But when Sleepy Joe was vice president and other countries flooded our market -- Thank you very much. Who is that? Wow, good voice.

Have you ever tried opera? Good voice. Thank you, darling. But other countries flooded our market with subsidized washing machines. You remember that disaster? Does anybody know about the Whirlpool plant in Clyde, Ohio? Right. And the head of Whirlpool came to see me. I was president-elect and he called and I don't know, for some reason, I've heard of Whirlpool and I've heard of it all my life, I guess.

I didn't know much about it. They made washing machines and I never knew, I knew they would dumping steel on us and dumping certain things. But I didn't know, they were dumping washing machines. And he was a good guy, came up to my office and he said, he's putting us out of business, South Korea, China, they're dumping washing -- they make washing machines.

They dump them into our market. They put everybody out of business then they charge you a lot of money when everyone's gone. Just like Rockefeller used to do, right? Just like other people do right now, unfortunately, but we're trying to track him down. And I said, that's really terrible. I don't know. Somehow it hit me.

So we put a 50% tariff on all washing machines coming into our country. And I visited -- I visited with Jim Jordan. Do you know Jim Jordan? One of the -- Wow. No, he's a great wrestler. He was a great -- one of the best. He was a great, great wrestler, really a phenomenal wrestler, a real champion, NCA champion, and old Jim.

And that's the way he is. He's a tough guy, no games, right? No games. And he works with our guys here, your guys. And, uh, he was great, but it's Jim's area. And we went up and saw the plant and they're making thousands a day. I mean, they gave me a number. I think they said like 20,000 a day. I said, how the hell can you make that many washing machines?

But you know what? I'm talking about congressmen, right? They're making thousands of washing machines a day and it's a vibrant company. Again, it was dead. It was going to close. But I even up the score, I put the tariffs and now what they're doing is LG and Samsung, and these companies that made the washing machine, they're now coming into the United States.

And in order to avoid the tariff, that building plants in the United States and that's OK, and that's what we should be doing. We did it a lot. We -- we're going to be doing it a lot more too. We're going to be doing it a lot more. Biden, allowed other countries to target our steel industries. And it was like a disaster for our steel industry.

But we took historic action to end these practices and play strong tariffs on foreign, aluminum, and steel. And it brought back our steel. Now steel plants are opening or being upgraded in Toledo, Marianne, Cuyahoga Heights, Mingo Junction, and all across the Midwest, they were gonzo. And you know, certain industries you need, you know, some industries, you know, but said, steel you need, steel you need, for defense you need it.

You don't want to talk war. You don't want to talk about that but we had a problem. What are you going to do? Well, we don't have any steel mills. Let's see if we can get some steel from China, but sir, you're fighting them. Well, that's not working out too well. Now we had to save our steel. We had to save our aluminum industry and we've done it.

We've done a great job, but you have a lot of steel mills going up right here in Ohio. And a lot of them being expanded and they're really state-of-the-art. As vice president Biden did nothing as China stole our intellectual property, flooded our markets with dumped goods, unfairly subsidized as industries, manipulated its currency, they're the greatest in the world at that.

I go to my guys, I said, "What about doing a little movement on the dollar?", "Sir, we can't do that. It has to float naturally." Well, China does it. China, you talk about a manipulation. Man, it's like a yoyo. Let's see, let's raise it. Let's lower it. Let's do this and that. But we actually called them on it didn't we, Congressman Turner?

By the way, you did such a good job. He was -- you are a hell of a lawyer. You could represent me any day. Actually he did, he actually did represent me. Right? Davidson Turner. What a group. They're tough. And then you had Jordan into it. They liked him though, don't they huh? They liked Jordan. And they poisoned our communities with fentanyl.

You know that? Instead, Biden allowed China to ravage our town's radar factories and rip apart our communities. That's what they did. And then he goes in and he brings his son, "Hey, see if you can give him some money, give him a billion and a half dollars." I went to Steve Schwarzman. Steve Schwarzman's like one of the biggest guys on Wall Street, Blackstone.

I said, Steve, what are the chances, he does a lot of business with China said, "Steve, what are the chances of somebody walking into an office in China, and in 10 minutes, walking out with 1.5 billion to manage?" he said, "Zero." He said, "I couldn't do it. And I have this great company." It's a -- it's a disgrace.

How about  that he says, you're not getting your billion dollars unless you get rid of that damn prosecutor. And then they says, they got rid of the prosecutor, here's your billion dollars. Does anything happen? Nothing happens. Uh, Republicans just have to get so much -- I'm so -- I'm so angry at Republicans.

I am. I am so angry. I am so angry but a lot of things that happen and you're seeing, you're reading the papers also, a lot of things are happening. You know, they're spite of my campaign, we caught him. And by the way, that's Biden, that's Obama. They spied on my campaign. It's never happened before. It's treason.

Call me and all the sleazebags, they spied on my campaign and we caught them. Let's now see what happened. I stay out of it. I just say, I'm trying like hell to stay out of it. You know, I don't have to actually, but it's better if I do, I think, better he's shaking his head. Sort of, like, that's the weakest yes, but it's true.

Right? But it's true, I'm trying to stay out of it. But it's a disgrace that it's taken this long. I tell you what, these people are bad people. They've done things. What they've done to General Flynn and to other people is a disgrace. It's a disgrace and many others, but Joe Biden's agenda is made in China.

My agenda is made in the USA, it's very simple. And I took the toughest-ever action to stand up to China. And they had decades of pillaging, plundering, looting, including these massive tariffs. You know, don't forget, I charged tariffs, took in tens of billions of dollars. They targeted our great farmers.

Do we have any farmers here? Are there farmers? Well, am I correct? We gave the farmers $28 billion. Thank you very much China. Right? Because they were targeted for 28, over two-year period, 12 and 16. Right? Did you get your check? And you might not be in business if I didn't do that. Good. Good. Thank you, darling.

She gave me the right answer. It's always dangerous to do that. No, I never got the money, no. She got the money. Yep. But once again, Joe Biden has sided with China over America. Look, you'd think this guy's going to be tough in China. His son. No, no. Think of it. And then he takes ads. "He's going to be tough on China." This guy, they looted him and Obama, and in all fairness, not just the eight years, this has gone on for 25, 30 years.

Probably the biggest reason I decided to run and give up one of the greatest lives that anyone's ever had for this, for this. But you know why I like it? Because we have done more in the first three and a half years than any administration in the history of the country. And I say that, and these fake news people don't even question it.

There's nobody done what we've done between our military, between our trade, between our energy independence, between all of the things we could go on forever. But Biden vowed to remove those tariffs. He wants to remove the tariffs. You know when I made the deal with China, I'd have to leave the tariffs.

So they said, "You gotta be kidding." They wanted one thing, the removal of the tariffs and I wouldn't do it. We wouldn't do it. I said no, but Biden said the other day, he wants to take the -- He doesn't know what a tariff is, first of all, Sleepy Joe would like to, uh, remove the tariffs of China. They're paying billions of dollars a year.

Could we take them off? Absolutely. What are they exactly? But it wouldn't even happen that way. The radical left, which likes China, the radical left would walk into his office. And here's your bill, right. Was supposed to be a speech. I haven't exactly used it too much today. And it'd say, "Here, president, sign this.", "Oh, OK.

Do you have a pen? OK. And what was that?", "That's a deal with China. Don't worry about it." That's what would happen. But he gave China free rein to continue ransacking the American Heartland. And you're not -- Look, they were targeting you. The reason nobody took on China was China said, we're going to go after your heartland.

And they said that to the, to the presidents. And I said, "Go ahead, do it." And the farmers were the most loyal, but they all said, we've got to do it sometime. They told me that. I mean, they told me that loud and clear, we didn't lose anything with the farmers. They said, somebody's gotta do it. And I said, here's what we're going to do: We're going to let them target you, they're going to stop buying, we're going to charge them tariffs, and I'm going to give you back the money that you lost, that you were targeted for, and we're going to have tens of billions leftover for the treasury.

That's exactly what happened. Nobody else ever thought of it. Joe Biden is weak. He's too scared to stand up to the radical left at his own party. And he's terrified of standing up to China, but I believe he's much more scared of the radical left than he is of China. That's why China is desperate. You see the reports, the news reports.

They want Biden to win. They want Biden to win. They want him to win at any cost. If Biden is elected, China will own America. And if Biden is elected, you will have a depression, the likes of which this country has never seen before. It's very simple. It's very simple.  Largest tax increase ever proposed that's what you're going to have.

Does anybody mind pay more tax? You know, they -- I -- You know, all my life I've studied. I like politics. I just always liked it. It's lucky I liked it because you know, never did it before. He said you can't run he's got no experience. And now I look around yesterday, I was in the Oval Office. I said, "Oh, excuse me.

Is this the oval office?" No, but -- but it's a lot of it's common sense. It's all common sense. That's why we call it protest. We're studying some of the things. I'll tell you one quick story. So we're building an aircraft carrier long before my team, the Gerald Ford. And they decide on the catapults, you know, to catapult that throws the plane into the air.

For years, it's been 50 years, whatever longer, it's been steam, simple, beautiful steam, blah, throws her off. Wah, you ever see those airplanes? They go off. The catapults. So I noticed that this ship is never getting done. I came in and they said, "Oh, it's got tremendous cost overruns." I said, "What's the problem?", "Well, the catapult system does it work?", "That's strange.

Cause they've been building them for years. I wonder why." you know about this. And I said, I, I, you know, strange. Let me check. So anyway, I'm supposed to go over and take a tour. I wanted to take a tour of the ship. Find out why it's so late. Why it's so -- I won't tell you how many billions of dollars.

It's over budget. Billions and billions of dollars. But I heard the catapult system and the elevators are no good, other than that, it's wonderful, right? The elevators that bring the planes up, they don't work. So if you have a problem, you can't get your planes up, they're down stuck in a garage, down at the bottom.

Not too good. So I go over and they want me to meet the admi --. No, no, no. I don't want to meet the admirable yet. I'll meet the admiral -- I can meet with the admirals a lot. I got a lot of admirals. I like the admirals. I want to meet with the catapulters. "Sir, why will you want to meet with the catapulters for?", "I want to find out why the hell the catapult is not working." So I went there and you know, they did a new system.

It's electric, it's all-electric. So instead of steam, which is simple and great, powerful, good. And they know how it works for years and years, they decided to go all-electric. Now, if you take a little glass of water, take this glass, you throw it on -- and that's the end of that. You bring somebody in from MIT.

How the hell do you fix it? So, and we're dealing with the ocean and rockets being shot at the ship and the rough stuff. Right. But it wasn't working. So I said, no, I want to meet with the catapulters. So there were five people that came in. One has been doing it for over 20 years, I think, he said. I said, "Who's the boss? , "I am, sir." I said, "What do you think of our new, uh, system of electric catapults?", "Sir, it's no good, sir." I said, "That's not good.

That's not what I -- " actually, this is what I expected it to be on. I said, "So it's no good. right? The system is no good." "No, sir." I said, "What do you think?", "Sir, steam is the greatest. If it breaks down, I can fix it with a blowtorch with this hammer, I can fix it. And if the waves hit it, sir, all it does is cool it down a little bit, sir, it's actually good for -- good for the surrounding steel." I said, "So you think it's better?" I said, "Why did they do the electric?" Because they're totally inexperienced.

Then I wanted to see the architect and I saw a representative, the architect of ship. Now this is a ship that costs $15 billion. And I looked at the architect. I said, have you designed a ship before? And he said, yeah, I have. I said, you know, they have a $900 million cost overrun for electric catapults and they're no good.

Even if they were, I said to the guy, why, why is it that they did like -- "Sir, we could do it much faster. The thing goes back and forth." I said, "All right, well that makes sense. But the catapult -- " he said, "But sir, it doesn't matter because it takes one minute and 52 seconds if you're Mario Andretti's team to get a plane hooked in.

So the steam generates during that minute and a half and it's all set to go. It doesn't help that it keeps going back and forth. I said, "That makes sense. That makes sense." So it's $900 million in cost overruns and here's the story: They spent much more money and it's no good. Then they have the elevators.

Now, tractors use hydraulic, right? You know, they do can anything, lift up, they go. It can rain it can snow, lightning hits the damn thing and nothing happens. The lightning gets hurt, nothing happens. So they have these big elevators that lift the planes up. You know, the sirens go off. Everything's beautiful.

The problem is the elevators don't work. So they're magnetized. They lick, they lifted by magnets. I said, who the hell ever heard -- I know about that. You know, it's a new technology that's about 200 years off. So I tell you it's powerful hydraulic that never breaks. They have magnetized elevators. So stupid.

I mean, honestly, so stupid. I tell you this cause your workers and you guys understand this. It's what we do, it's so stupid. So they have hundreds of millions of dollars and it cost overrun for stuff that's no good. And two years ago, I told them it's no good, you might as well rip it out because it's never going to work.

You put hydraulic in the elevators and you go back to steam and it's such a shame to see the kind of money that was squandered by people that have no idea what the hell they're doing. It's a shame. Yeah. It's a shame. And you would understand that. I only tell that story to really sort of a group like this.

Cause you guys understand it. It's mechanical engineering at a very easy level. It's easy to understand. Hundreds of millions of dollars wasted for something not as good. For decades, our politicians spend trillions and trillions of dollars, rebuilding foreign nations, fighting foreign wars, and defending foreign borders.

But now, we are finally protecting our nation, rebuilding our cities, we are bringing our jobs, our factories, and our troops back home to the USA where they belong. One of the terrible plague arrived from China, we mobilized the American industry like never before. We rapidly developed life-saving therapies, reducing the fatality rate by 85%. We've done such a good job except in terms of public relations because the press just will not accept it.

They would just want us -- think of what we've done with the ventilators. Soon, soon, the vaccines and the therapeutics we've already -- remdesivir and other things. Europe has almost 30% greater excess mortality than the United States. They don't want to say it. And now, as you know, you heard today, Europe had a tremendous outbreak.

OK. You know, they'd say, well, Europe, Europe, Europe, Oh, we're doing great. We're doing great. Sadly, very sadly. I hate it. But they had a big outbreak. They caused a stir in the market today. We launched the most ambitious vaccine program ever created. And we will deliver a vaccine before the end of the year, but it could be a lot sooner than that, a lot sooner.

You know, it's interesting, the Democrats, they're all saying, we want a vaccine. We want -- That's when they thought we couldn't get it, right? Because if they -- if we relied on them, this vaccine would have taken two or three years more because of the FDA. And I mobilized the FDA and it's incredible, but it would have taken two or three years more.

So when they heard that we were getting the vaccine, they started knocking it, think of it. So they liked, they put politics over life and death. I mean, it's incredible. By the way, we're rounding the corner in any event, but we're going to have a vaccine very soon. It's great vaccine. Great, great vaccine.

Looking really good, really good. And it's going to be a lot sooner than anyone thought. And it's pretty sad when the Democrats try and make that into a political issue because they're unhappy. It's coming too soon. They didn't think that would happen. We will end this pandemic and the next year will be one of the greatest years of the history of our country.

That's what's happening. The third quarter will end just before November 3rd, you will see numbers, the likes of which no country has ever seen. That's how well we're doing. You'll see. That's before so they're not good. I guess you're going to have to remember that. And if they're good, I hope you're going to remember it too, but they're going to be great.

Somebody predicted 25% and then somebody said 35% GDP increase. Nobody's ever heard of a number like that, but that's the kind of thing we're doing. Under my leadership. We built the strongest economy in the history of the world. And now we are doing it again. Right? They know. In the past four months, we've added a record-smashing 10.6 million jobs never been close to that.

Four months, 10.6 million jobs, manufacturing production is up 61%, auto production has surged 500%, and retail sales have soared 112%. But if sleepy Joe Biden wins, the economy will collapse. It's going to collapse. It's go -- even psychologically, it'll collapse. And you know, as good as the stock market's doing, it's a headwind knowing you have an election.

Things happen in elections some bad things, some stupid things, but that's a headwind, we'd be doing even better if this election were over. If we win and when we win the election, you're going to see things roar because that's what people want. That's what the market wants. And that's what the workers want.

Biden keeps talking about a nationwide shutdown. This is no shut down. My plan is to crush the virus. Biden plan -- And Biden's really plan is the -- and it's not -- it's not that he wants to crush America, but he will, just out of gross incompetence. Biden will surrender to the virus, just like he surrendered to China.

And just like he surrendered to the radical left, including his own running mate, who's running the show and she's nothing special. She is nothing between her and Elizabeth Warren, a lot of couple of great ones they are. A lot of couple of -- What some people. Well, I tell you something, Elizabeth Warren did do a great number on Bloomberg.

Didn't she? I tell you. One question and that was the end of him. How you enjoy politics, Mike, that didn't work out too well. 1.8 billion wiped out in one question. That was the most expensive question in history. To protect our workers during the pandemic, I suspended the entry of new foreign workers who threatened American jobs.

I know you don't mind. You don't mind that, do you though? As the economy reopens, I want to ensure our American workers that we're putting America first and our jobs are put first, our country is put first, our manufacturing is put first. Everything is now put first for the USA.  And by the way, we're up to -- we're up to mile 330 on the wall, 330. We're setting records on not allowing all of these.

I mean, some really bad -- When you look at the traffickers, they traffic and women and drugs and other things, but the traffic and women, the drug dealers always setting records now on the wall because we have 330 miles. We're doing -- we're averaging 10 miles a week and we'll be finished with a wall very soon.

And it's had a huge impact. So one of the most radical things that will happen, and there's no way he can get away with this. Cause he was banning fracking for a year. He's running, running. He's banning fracking. I said, he's gone, he's gone. And then all of a sudden, now all of a -- he said, "Well, I didn't really say that." He did.

Remember. It's always the first thing they say with a politician. It's the first thing. He wants to ban fracking and outlaw Ohio energy production. And you're a big energy producer, whether you know it or not. So he's going to ban fracking. There's no question about it. And even if he didn't want to, the whole radical left, their plan is to ban fracking.

They want to ban fracking. They don't want any fossil fuels. Just a few days ago, Biden reiterated his plan to require net-zero carbon emissions. So you do that. I think it's wonderful. Close up about 70% of your plants. This requirement would end all investment in fracking and it would be -- it would just shut down everything.

Our country -- Look at the -- You see the rolling blackouts they have in California. I don't think we want too many of them in Ohio, do we? Would anybody like a few rolling blackouts? Like, "We'd like to watch president Trump tonight.", "I'm sorry, darling, but we have no energy. We have no energy. We're going to get it from the wind." The wind is blowing the wind, the wind.

It's got a wonderful, wonderful energy. The wind, when it's blowing, it's just fine for about 20% of the time. By ending fracking, Biden would destroy 700,000 to a million Ohio jobs and your energy prices would go through the roof. When Biden was vice president, they deliberately killed 40% of all coal mining jobs and the rest were coming fast.

I saved it. I put our miners back to work, clean coal. I call it clean coal, to do a lot with coal. While I'm president, America will remain the No.1 producer of oil and natural gas anywhere in the world, and Ohio workers will continue leading the way, and that's what we're doing. And just in concluding, over the next four years, we will build America into the manufacturing, superpower of the world.

And we will end our reliance on China and all other faraway lands that nobody in this beautiful facility, whatever the hell you make here, I don't know, but it looks good to me, but nobody ever heard of it. You have lands that would go to that nobody ever even heard of. "Where are you sending this money?", "We're sending it to such and such a country.", "I never heard of it." We'll make our medical supplies right here in the United States.

We'll cut your taxes, and taxes for middle-class families at a level never seen before. You know, we gave you the biggest tax cut in the history of our country. We gave you the biggest regulation cut in the history of our country. And we're going to give you additional regulation cuts. That's one of the reasons you had the jobs, you know, in many ways the regulation cutting was perhaps as important to more important.

You see the tax cutting easier, but the regulation cutting was, every bit, is important. And we're going to expand the opportunities zones to ensure that no community is left behind and they've been a tremendous success, especially for the African-American, Hispanic community where we're doing incredible.

Tim Scott, great senator from South Carolina, we worked hard on it. Opportunity zones, it's a big success. We'll enforce immigration rules that defend American families, raise American wages, and always put the interests of American workers first. We will enact fair trade deals that ensure more products are proudly stamped with that beautiful phrase: Made in the USA, right?

And we will always live by the timeless words of our national motto: In God We trust. And they took the word God, out of the Pledge of Allegiance, you saw that I was listening to this Pledge of Allegiance and I said, that's strange. They must've made a mistake. It must have been a typo. Something happened, but then it happened twice and then it was getting ready, it happened the third time.

And somebody heard that the public was enraged, including me, by the way. And by the way, we want the NFL to stand and put their hand through their heart. Gotta do it. I thought we taught them that lesson about two years ago. They tried -- the commission tried it again, it's not working too well. Not working.

The ratings are not good. People are angry about it. People love our country. You love our country. You love our flag. You love our anthem. This November, if you want jobs, if you want opportunity, if you want safety. And if you want a president who defends the dreams of workers in Dayton and Akron and all across Ohio in America, then you need to get out and vote for Trump.

Mike Pence, how good is Mike Pence? Trump-Pence. And I love Mike, but it's not Pence-Trump, OK? You understand? It's not Penn. Mike will be the first one to say, you know, when he said that the other day, he said the Harris-Biden administration -- I said, this is strange. And Mike called me up. He said, "You never have to do that." I said, "Don't worry, Mike.

I won't, I promise." Mike Pence has done a great job. I'll tell you, he's a great guy. Together we will make America safer. We will make America stronger and prouder and greater than ever before. We're going to make it greater than ever before. And again, this really was -- this was not a rally. This was a -- a -- a group of people, workers -- This one, it was told to me as, and we had a lot of fun and we have a lot of fun, but it's very serious business, November 3rd.

And before, depending on whether or not you have those fake ballots or whatever, be careful with that. I mean, I think it's going to be one of the great catastrophes, what a mess. And they want it to be a mess. They know it's no good. I think it's 11 different races. It's been, they can't even -- When they have small races, they can't account -- people steal the ballots.

People don't get the ballots. They don't send them to a Republican area or maybe a Democrat area, whatever, it's still wrong. But it happens to be Republican, unfortunately, but they don't send them out. Then they harvest them, which they're not allowed to do. They have, in Nevada, the governor said he signed an order that they don't have to sign.

We need no, no signature verification. No, that's great, because they couldn't get people to sign so they said, "We'll just send them in. Don't worry about it." This is a real affront to our democracy. This is a horrible thing that's going on. And the Democrats know it and that, you know, they, they said, "Well, he's not for our great heritage.

He is fighting our vote. No, I'm not fighting our vote. You have ballots that you go out and you can get, you could request as you know, you can request them and that's fine. But if you're not requesting them, when you get millions, about 80 million, they say, all over the United States, where the hell are they going?

Who's sending them, who's getting them. Who's setting them back? What's happening with the transportation? Who's guarding the lockboxes. They know it's a fraud waiting to happen. But you know, we're not talking about 1%, which is no good because you could lose or win an election by 1%. We're talking about 20%, 30%, in one case, over 40%, this is a disgrace that they're allowed to get away with.

And what they want to do is they want to have a mess at the end of the evening on November 3rd and then fight it out in the courts. And the Democrats should be ashamed of themselves because they know what they're causing. We love Ohio. We love Dayton. God bless you. God bless Ohio. And God bless America. Thank you.