Wow, here's a big crowd. This is a very big crowd. Look at all those cameras over there. Can you show the crowd? You know, could you show this crowd? They never talk about our crowd and in reverse they never talk about sleepy Joe's crowd either. It's about 12, 12 people just showed up, 12. Look at this crowd.

Maybe you could take those cameras and just show over there and over there. This is great. Hello Pennsylvania, hello Pennsylvania. We love Pennsylvania. Great education. And also hello Redding. We know it well. We know it well. Three days from now we are going to win the commonwealth of Pennsylvania. And we are going to win four more great years in the White House.

I will tell you they're getting a little nervous back there. You know, the fake news. Because Florida's looking very strong. Florida. And this is not suppression polls, these are like you know voters, that come again. Florida is looking very good. North Carolina is looking very good. Ohio is looking beyond good.

Ohio. You ever hear you can't win unless you win the great state of Ohio. Did you ever hear that? Well, Ohio is, uh, looking real good. They're all looking good. You know what's looking good? Pennsylvania's looking good. Real good. That great red wave is going to be very beautiful to watch. We're looking good.

And if we win Pennsylvania it's over. It's over. It's over. But be careful you got big tech. You have the Democrats and they play dirty. You have the RINOs, the RINOs are not good people. They got a ball but, uh, we're here and you have your second amendment you have your tax cuts. You have your regulation cuts.

You have your fracking, you have your fracking.Right. How about Joe? He goes for a year "There will be no fracking, there will be no -- I tell you there will be no fracking." Comes to Pennsylvania, Listen we have a million jobs for fracking. We like $2 gasoline, you know its nice isn't it? We got a lot of things and for "Well in that case let me just change mine." And he never even gets asked about it by the fake news.

Could you believe it? With your support we will continue to bring back your jobs, cut your taxes, cut your regulations, and ensure more products are proudly stamped with that beautiful term Made in the USA. And next year will be the greatest economic year in the history of our country. You see it's already going, and you say "Oh what happened?" You saw those numbers come out.

You have to look very closely. A man got on television yesterday said "This is probably the greatest economic day in the history of our country." And the papers barely even put it in. It's called suppression. Surprise and Joe Biden will shut down your economy. Well you're already shut down in Pennsylvania.

Hey governor you got to open up. You got to open up the state governor. Got to open it up. And don't cheat on the ballots governor. Don't cheat, don't cheat. We're going to win. We're going to win. The only way we can lose this state, and the numbers are in. You see what's going on right? Somebody's going to play games and they just get an extension.

What's the extension all about. Wouldn't you like to hear November 3rd we win? We lose. We win, we lose. Whatever. November 3rd. Now you have more time, more time. Oh what's going on? That was a very disappointing opinion, but I've had many disappointing opinions from the supreme court. I will tell you. Many, many disappointing opinions from the supreme court.

They talk about we control the supreme -- Well we don't control the supreme court. That was a terrible decision. Joe Biden will shut down your economy, wipe out your factories, and shut down your state. Ship your jobs to China, raise your taxes 4 trillion dollars. The biggest tax increase, the biggest tax increase in the history of our country.

And I gave you the biggest tax cut in the history of our country. He'll eliminate your private healthcare. 180 million people have the best healthcare, they work so hard, and they negotiated with many great companies, and have the best healthcare. They want to knock it out. They want you to live on socialized medicine.

I don't think you'll be too happy. Darling, I have a cold. Oh, go to the hospital room, you'll wait on line for about four days. That'll be nice. And send your state into a deep and catastrophic depression. And you know what? If you look at the stock market, we've done great. The only headwind in the stock market, you know, it's an election things can happen.

We're doing great, much better than anyone understands. They -- sorry to get very depressed. You talk about a depression. They get it having a hard time. They're having a hard time with it. But you know what? There's a headwind. You know what the headwind is? That there's a possibility of Biden wins, you're going to have a stock market collapse, the likes of which you've never had.

You will have a collapse. So that's our headwind. If we win -- if we win on Tuesday, or thank you very much Supreme Court, shortly thereafter. If we win -- let me tell you, if we win, you're going to see a stock market that's going to go like a rocket ship. 401(k)s -- your 401(k)s -- Thank you. Wow, this is a very enthusiastic group.

Isn't it? This is great, wow. This doesn't seem like someone who is going to come in second. Did you agree? I don't think so. Did you see Biden and Obama before they make you think Hong Kong -- Hong Kong, and actually most of them are our supporters trying to cause a little havoc, but that's all. We don't want that.

Biden is back to abolish the entire US oil industry, no more fracking, no mining, no heating, no clean coal, and gas prices going up at 5, 6, and $7 a gallon. So when you pull in with your car, you say, you know, darling, I think we're gonna sell this beautiful -- this beautiful SUV. Let's get a compact.

You remember the compacts? The gas is too expensive. What -- What has this guy Biden done? And the bad part is that Biden doesn't have a clue. He's Gonzo, we all know it. They just don't want to say it. Biden is bland. I don't think he likes me too much. It is an economic death sentence for this great Commonwealth.

It's a death sentence. He'll eradicate your economy. Kamala Harris, have you ever heard of Kamala? You have to pronounce it Kamala. She makes Bernie Sanders look like a strict conservative. Do you know that? No, Bernie is a conservative member competitor. I mean, how that choice was made. And did our great vice president win that debate easily?

Here is the thing. That was a big one. Mike is doing a great job. The most liberal senator even sponsored the Green New Deal $100 trillion. You know, it started off at 100 trillion, then 106, now they have it down to six trillion. Now what's that six trillion? And by the way of it was, he couldn't afford it.

But he can't afford 100. A vote for Biden Harris is a vote to ban -- and you know this, ban fracking, ban mining, close up your individual plants. They got plants all over the place. I grew up here. They -- they have plants, all over. When I say grew up, let me be exactly like during college. Because they'll say he misrepresented, he said he grew up.

But he -- You know, Biden represents it. This is my home, this is not his home. They left, they abandoned you. It wasn't his fault, he was nine years old or something. It was not his fault. But it's not like, you know, he's a big Pennsylvania guy. No, he's a Delaware guy. And Delaware is a good place. In fact, is really good.

He's liked it so much. He never leaves, he never. He made the mistake, he came to Pennsylvania three days ago because I was here. I was doing three of them. Right? Three in Pennsylvania. Hey, I'm devoting a lot of my percentage of time to Pennsylvania when given. I'm a cycler. No, we win Pennsylvania. We're gonna win Florida.

If we were in Pennsylvania, it's over. Let's do it. I felt very badly, I felt guilty because if you remember four years ago, we were at 98% of the vote. If I lost every single vote, you're the -- if there were X number of votes left. If I lost every single vote, every vote, every take them all. I still win.

They refuse to call it. They refuse, they wouldn't call it. I said, "Wait a minute." They have to call it because I was at 98, not 99. I was at 98. It stood there like for an hour and a half. And I kept saying, "that'd be nice, Pennsylvania. That'd be nicer refuse." And then they said, "Donald Trump has won the state of Wisconsin." And then they said, "Donald Trump has won the state of Michigan." And we won.

And then like much later, they just refuse to give you the credit. So let's turn it around on them. Okay. They didn't treat you well. No, I kept waiting. I said, "Look at Pennsylvania, why aren't they going to call it?" Why? They waited for hours and hours. I said, "I'll concede every vote. I'll concede everyone." And when we win wouldn't do that.

Right. But we won it, and we won it pretty easily. You know, I think we won it pretty easily. And what I've done from the time we won and what I've done since then, what we've done for this state has been incredible or to be perfectly accurate for this Commonwealth. But what we've done for Pennsylvania has been incredible.

You had the best year you've ever had last year and you're heading to the best year you've ever had. Period. And it's going to be this coming year. But, Biden would completely destroy Pennsylvania. Vote for me is a vote to remain energy independent. Do you believe it? We can say that. Did you ever think you're going to hear those beautiful words, we're energy independence.

Our economy is now growing at the fastest rate ever recorded. That was what was announced yesterday. The only problem is you know -- So a very, very brilliant gentleman called me up. Not a nice man at all. In fact, he's ruthless and vicious. I love that guy with the beard back there. He goes to a number of -- Thank you.

He's so distinguished. He's so distinguished. I see him at so many rallies. I appreciate it. I think he's great. He's got four more years now. He's great. But you know what? He got up. And he said, very smart, very successful guy said, "You know, this could be the biggest announcement in 50 years, 33.1% GDP that's growth." He said, "You know, the last time it broke the record, it's the number one in history, the history of our country." and probably the history of any country.

If you want to know the truth. But 33.1%, which is far greater than people were anticipating anybody. So what happens is that, this is the biggest announcement, but you watch, they won't give you any credit. They'll try not to mention. It's true. The press is playing it down so much. Just like for different reasons.

They refuse to talk. They refuse to talk about where's Hunter. They refuse to talk about the corruption in Biden's family. We've learned more about the, uh, fake news, but you know, this is not, this is no longer fake news. This is now corrupt news. This is now corrupt news. We've learned a lot, But we had the greatest number we've ever had.

I thought I heard that from Oakland. Seattle participated this because look at all the cameras back there, look at them all. You know what they're going to do? He's trying to incite them. No, I don't have to incite them. They're like intelligent people. They know. They know that when you get thrown out of the military and you have no job for a long time, and then your father becomes vice-president and then you get $183,000, right? $183,000 to sit on a board, probably never went to a board meeting.

And supposedly three million up front. And then the mayor of Moscow's wife gives you a check for three and a half million. And then, and then you go in air force two and you go to a very nice place known as China, that should have never ever done what they did. They should have never done. We just signed a great trade deal and the ink wasn't dry and the plaque came in.

They should have, they could have stopped it. But they go to China. Father and son goes to China and he walks out with one and a half billion dollars to manage, which has millions of dollars a year. And then he goes to the big play, 10 million a year. You saw that one, he wants 10 million a year. This is a guy didn't have a job, a year before, goes to China.

We want 10 million a year for introductory. In other words, he'll introduce people to his father. And then you see his father, the big guy, the big guy, they call me not a big guy. He's not a big guy. Boom. Chum. He's not a big guy. No.  Do you remember like a year ago, year and a half ago I said, "I'd like to take him to the back of the barn." A slight slap, you don't have to close, even close your fist.

Now they say, "He's inciting violence.". No, no, but when Biden's -- I thought it was a terrible thing, remember that he actually like, "I want to take him to the back of the barn." They didn't say anything, if I said that they'd say this is a terrible human being right? It's all right. You know what, in the meantime, we have the White House, right?

We have the White House, we have the presidency, we have fracking, we have energy. We have manufacturing that they totally gave up, remember? You'd need a magic wand. In the past five months, we've created a record 11.4 million American jobs, there has never been that many jobs produced in that short a period of time.

While foreign nations are in a free fall, and they are unfortunately, I feel badly for them, but they are. We are creating the world's greatest economic powerhouse, we are going to be more powerful than ever before. We had a stop, we had a close, we had -- we saved two million lives, remember that? You know, they don't want to ever talk about that, the model was 2.2 million, that's what they said.

We saved two million lives, we closed it up. How would you like to be me? I'm sitting there, we have the greatest economy of the history of this country, in the history of the world. We were, we were doing so much better than China, was throwing tariffs on them, they were paying us billion dollars. I gave $28 billion to farmers because they were targeted by China.

Iowa, Nebraska, they remember, they remember. I gave him 28, $28 billion with a B, farmers, farmers and ranchers because they were targeted by China because they thought, China thought they could use the farmers to get the deal that they want because I said I'm not gonna let you rip off the United States.

You've done it long enough, for years and years. And I'm not just talking about Obama, I'm talking about other presidents too, they allowed this to happen. They allowed this to happen. So we gave our farmers $28 billion, that's not at all from China. I said, "Please write a letter say thank you very much, President Xi.". A recent Gallup poll found that 56% of Americans say they are better off today than they were four years ago under -- think of that.

And that story, we're rounding the turn, they hate when I say it. You know we're coming up with a vaccine, and therapeutics are incredible. Here I am, I mean, you know. I'm sure I would have been here without the therapeutic because as you can see, I'm in perfect physical shape, and I'm extremely young. So I'm young, and I'm a perfect physical specimen.

Um, no, so I'm sure I could have beat it without -- but something happened when I took that sucker and I was gone. It was gone. I woke up the next morning and I ripped off my shirt, I said, "Doctor let me the hell out of here.". And I was campaigning like uh, very sho-, oh, the other side, were they happy.

Oh were they happy. But you know what, when you're president of the United States, you can't lock yourself into a basement at the White House, gotta be perfect, I meet people, right? I can't lock myself into the basement, and they have a very good basement, I can't lock myself into a beautiful bedroom and stay there for a year and a half.

The President of the United States is locked in the most magnificent bedroom of the third floor of the White House because we have a pandemic and he uh, he's afraid to go out. He's your president, no, no. You got to go out. And uh, the doctor came up to me, great doctor, one thing if you're president you get good doctors, that's the one thing I can tell you.

And you get plenty of them too, they got more doctors -- but they came up, "Sir, you're positive. You just tested positive.". I said, "Doctor tell me something, for what?" "Sir, you have the uh, China plague.". He didn't say that, he said, "COVID sir.". COVID. You know, it's got about 24 different names.

Most of them should start with the word China because that's where it came from. They have a word -- Corona right? The Coronavirus. Well I said, "What is this a place in Italy? Sounds like an island in Italy.". Corona, no, I don't want it, it's the China, it's the China virus, that's what it is. But he said, "Sir, you just tested positive for COVID.". I said, "Yeah, that's not great." Wait a minute, I got about four campaign stops to make in the next couple of days because we got to win this.

This is the most important election in the history. And then our great first lady tested positive. That's, uh -- Well, at least those rumors that we don't live together turned out to be false. She lives in a house someplace in Virginia. No. No, she lives with me and she tested -- I said, "That's the only good thing about her testing positive, because -- " But she's strong and knocked it out.

But then they said, you know that, they said, "Sir, Barron -- " Now, Barron's my 14-year-old boy, who's very tall. And strong, he's very strong. All right? And Barron, they said, "Sir, Barron tested positive." And I said, "Huh. That's not good." About 12 minutes later, I said, "How's Barron doing?" "Sir, he's shed it.

No problem, he's fine." Get back to school, governor! Tell them they have to get back to school. Gotta get back to school. Those young kids, they have that strong, we feel strong. They have that very strong immune system. How is he? Uh, he's 100%. "Barron, uh, was it bad?" "I don't think I had anything wrong, Dad." That's one of those things, right?

That's the way it is. They're young and they're strong and their immune system is good, and they should go back to school immediately. Sleepy Joe Biden is a diehard globalist who spent the last 47 years outsourcing your jobs, opening your borders, and sacrificing American blood and treasure in endless foreign wars in countries that most of you have never even heard of before.

They're all coming back. The soldiers are all coming back, you know that. It's enough. Nineteen years, it's enough. Nineteen years, and they were policemen, they policed areas. But it's, uh, ridiculous what they were doing in this country. Ridiculous. Biden is a Washington vulture who decimated your steel mills, annihilated your coal jobs, clean coal, and supported every disastrous sellout trade deal for over half a century.

I mean, I know. It's the reason why I'm president. The real thing that bothered me more than anything else, I thought the wars were crazy, I thought so much was bad, but I -- I saw these trade deals we were making with countries both ally and foe. And our allies in many ways treated us worse than the foe, okay?

We were treated horribly on trade, and we were treated horribly on the military. We had to pay for their military. By the way, those days have ended very substantially, you know? Very, very substantially. Biden was a cheerleader for NAFTA, one of the worst trade deals ever made. Maybe the worst. And China's entry into the World Trade Organization, that's where China was flatlined for years and years and then they went up like a rocket ship.

You know, they're considered a developing nation. As a developing nation, they get a much better deal than we do. I said, "China's not a developing nation. Or, you can let them be, then we're a developing nation also." When you think of it, we are a developing nation. And then we won $7.5 billion recently.

We hadn't won anything because the judges within the World Trade, the judges treated us with disrespect. But with me, they're respected because I'll say, "We'll pull the hell out of there. We'll pull out." And we won $7.5 billion, all of a sudden we're winning cases. I wish our Supreme Court treated us as well, frankly.

That was some decision that was made, right? Let's not -- let's not listen to the decision, this most important election in the history of our country, November 3rd. Let's not wait, November 3rd. Let's extend the date. Let's give people more time to put in ballots, right? Why can't they put their ballots in earlier so you have plenty of time, and so we can have a decision on November 3rd, the evening on November 3rd?

And you know what's gonna happen, especially with Pennsylvania? A man was on television yesterday. "We allow five points for cheating," he said, "In Pennsylvania," right? Think of that. Uh, one of the best pollsters in the country, the one who got it right four years ago, he said, "Trump's gonna win Pennsylvania, but you have to allow five points for cheating." You know when the cheating's gonna take place?

From the 3rd to whatever the date is that they gave. No, that's very disappointing. That was a very political decision, I have to say. They have not treated me well. Pennsylvania lost half of its manufacturing jobs to these calamities of Sleepy Joe Biden. How do you like his new sunglasses? You like 'em?

That's so you don't see the bad surgery on the eyes. A little -- No, they're terrible, those totally -- They've gotta get a little, if you're gonna use that kind, what are they, aviation, right? He's gotta go at least one or two sizes larger that don't look like -- I don't like him. I don't know, he's got the silver deal going, the whole deal.

And he's very angry, right? You ever notice? You know what, a word -- it's a different word, it's agitated. You know why he's agitated, right? Because he's got a problem. We've got a -- And you just hope he can keep it going, but it's not gonna go much longer. That's why crazy Nancy was trying to get the 25th amendment, so if he ever got in we'd get him out.

And then you have Kamala. That should never be your first woman president. But based on the numbers, the way I look at them, in Pennsylvania I don't think we're gonna have to worry about it too much, okay? And Florida, and Ohio, and lots of others. North Carolina's looking pretty good, did you see that? And this is no longer the fake suppression polls.

You know, we had a thing -- Wisconsin is great, and we won it last time. And we had a poll come out. I'm up one, then I'm down one, then I'm up one, then I'm even. You know what this -- crazy stuff. But it's, you know, it's within this area. I think we're doing much better than that. You know, I think -- I think we're way ahead.

You know, I mean, I -- I don't know if I should be happy or sad. People say, "I don't wanna talk to you about it." Then they go vote for Trump, you know, and we end up winning by a lot. But that's what happened last time. They thought I was gonna lose, because everyone walking out the exit polls -- They'd walk out, "Who you voting for?" "None of your business." Everybody that said none of your business, they were Trump voters.

Remember, at five o'clock in the afternoon they said, "Trump lost!" Well, they forgot to say, you know -- They're the largest numbers of -- It's called something else, but I'm trying to be nice because there's so many young people here. It's not none of your business, it's a much better word. It's two words that they say.

But all those votes were votes for me. So they don't count them. So they said, "Oh, it looks like it's gonna be a rough time for Trump." And they were happy as hell. And then the votes came in and it was -- That was a brutal evening for a lot of anchors that were crying. I don't know how this could have happened.

Yes, I'm an impartial anchor! I'm an impartial anchor, how did this happen? The tears, of course. And every turn Biden twisted his knife into the backs of Pennsylvania workers. While Biden was giving China your jobs, his family was raking in millions of dollars from China, millions and millions of dollars.

If Biden wins, China wins. If Biden wins, China will own the US. Just remember that. And with me, it went just the opposite. I will tell you one thing. I could name many countries that would like me to lose. You know, they said that, uh, Germany, that in Germany -- And I have a heritage with Germany. I mean, they should like me.

But they like Obama much better, and they should like Obama. There's no way they can like me. I said, "Pay up." They don't pay their -- They're delinquent in NATO. They owe us billions and billions of dollars. Obama never said pay up. I said, "You gotta pay up, otherwise we have to take our troops out." And then I hear that the -- they like him better.

Well, they should. You know what, if they ever like me better, I'm not doing my job, okay? When we win, America wins, and we're gonna have winning like you've never seen before. In 2016, Pennsylvania voted to fire this corrupt political establishment and you elected an outsider as president who is finally putting America first.

Is that okay, Pennsylvania? And you don't have to take my word for it, because on Biden's record of economic treachery -- And I only do this for places I like a lot.  Thank you. They're gonna get it started, I mean, is there any place that we would rather be than a Trump rally?

Y -- you said it on tape.

I'll put it on.

Oh, that's a big statement.

In terms of business, that's the biggest statement --

Clear what you're saying is he is going to destroy the oil industry. Will you remember that Texas? Will you remember that Pennsylvania?

Thank you, thank you.  Well, that was quite interesting, was it.

A little truth to that. Now, now, it can't happen, we can't have we can't do that to our country. We can't do that to our country. If I don't sound like a typical Washington politician it's because I'm not a politician. And if I don't always play by the rules of Washington and the Washington establishment, it's because I was elected to fight for you, and I fight harder than any president has ever fought for the people of this country.

One of the most important issues of this election is law and order. You know very well in Pennsylvania what's going on? Joe Biden and his party have spent the entire year inciting violence and hatred against our great police officers. And remember this it's all democrat run cities, radical left democrats, democrats.

You look at what's going on all Democrat run cities. Republicans have no problems, our cities are doing great. Uh, but it's all Democrats. This week, the city of Philadelphia -- I know it well -- was ransacked by my -- violent mobs and Biden supporters. More than 50 great police officers were injured, and they weren't allowed to do their job.

They were standing -- You have great police. I know the police departments, everybody has endorsed me. Remember in the debate I said, "Name one law enforcement agency or establishment, Joe, that endorse you." He couldn't name one. Couldn't name one. Our opponents stand with the rioters. They stand with the anarchists.

They stand with the looters. We stand with the heroes of law enforcement, okay? Gotta let them do their job. I'm not just running against sleepy Joe Biden, I'm running against the left-wing media, the big tech giants, these people back here, and the Washington swamp. I'm also running against some RINOs.

We've still got some of them left. They're on mouth to mouth resuscitation. They're just about gone, but, uh, you don't want them to come back. The RINOs, the RINOs are worse than the angry, angry, sicko Democrats, the ones that have gone off the ledge. But you can save your country by voting in record numbers on Tuesday.

You gotta get out and vote. Look, again, it's the most important election. You gotta get out and vote. The great red wave, we talk about, right? Great red wave. And you can send the message that they will never forget. This election is a choice between a Biden depression, that's what you're gonna have, or a Trump super boom.

You're gonna boom. You're gonna boom. We were there. And even now, look, through all of this, uh, your 401Ks, they had a little hiccup because -- because -- Look, they think if you had a chance -- It's a disaster. You watch, we're gonna win. First of all, the first call I'm gonna get are the people -- the leaders in Iran.

Let's make a deal. Let's make a deal. Uh, China, they're dying to do something. They all want to talk. I don't wanna talk to them. I said, "We gotta get an election over with." And they have to take the chance. Can you imagine Iran, the worst deal -- $150 billion, $1.8 billion in cash. And they said, "Let's wait till after the election." I said, "I agree with you." It's a choice between a Biden lockdown or a safe vaccine that ends the pandemic.

And it's ending anyway. It's making the turn anyway. But we have -- the vaccines are coming, and they're coming soon. They're coming very, very soon. We're gonna have an incredible economy next year. You know, last year was the best year that the commonwealth of Pennsylvania has ever had. I could almost say it with every state.

I could say it with any state. It was the best year. We had to close it down. We saved all those lives. And now we opened it -- And I said super V, right? I actually said V. Well now I can say it's a super V. At 33.1, which you won't read about -- We will mass distribute the vaccine in just a few short weeks.

We have our military all set up. They do soldiers -- greatest military in the world. We've totally rebuilt our military in three and a half years. The pandemic will quickly be eradicated, and wipe out the China plague. We'll get rid of it once and for all. We're gonna get rid of it. Look at what's happening in Europe, how bad that is.

That's so terrible. And they'd always say, "Look at Europe, look at Europe." Well, they're not doing too well. And if you look at our numbers, our numbers are so incredible, and our economy went down much less, and it's come back much, much faster. Biden opposed the China travel ban, he opposed the Europe travel ban.

I closed it very early, and he said I shouldn't do it. Think of this. "He shouldn't do it, he's xenophobic!" I think he called me a racist, too, which I don't like. "Look, he shouldn't do it, he's xenophobic! He's xenophobic!" He was saying this two months later. Now he runs, he said I should have closed it sooner.

This guy, between the fracking and the ban and everything else -- And he wants to delay the vaccine and impose a year's long lockdown. Nope. You gotta open up. You gotta open up. We know the disease. We're gonna have all of the different things, including the therapeutics, which I think might be a cure, because something happened to me, I'll tell you what.

Something happened. It might be a cure. But the thera -- they call it therapeutics. But what we've done, and what we've done in terms of mortality rates, are incredible. And we're gonna go over that. The Biden lockdown will result in the deaths of Americans from suicide, drug overdoses, deferred medical care, abuse.

I mean, you can't do this. You've gotta open them up. The families have to -- the families can't live like this anymore. You can't live like this any -- We want to open up our country. Now, part of the reason they're doing it, a big part probably, is political. They want to keep it closed. New York, what's going on with my beautiful New York?

I left -- I left three and a half years ago, and what's happened to New York in terms of crime and all of the problems? It's like a ghost town. What's happened to our great New York? Chicago, what's happened to Chicago? Portland, look at that. We could solve Portland, their anarchists -- We love the anarchists, because we can knock them out in about 20 minutes, okay?

All the governor has to do -- Call the governor, call up, been saying to her, "Call, governor. Just call." Speak to him all the time. We'll come in, we'll take care of the problem. We were going into Seattle. We informed them we're going in. We're just going in. They took over a part of Seattle, can you believe this?

They took a -- This is the radical left. They took over a part. We said, "We're going in." You know what happened? The night before, they held up their hands, they said, "We're leaving now, thank you very much." We had no choice. Biden will imprison your people, your families, in your house while letting rioters roam free and loot your streets and loot your store.

Under Biden, there will be no school, no graduations, no weddings, no thanks given. No Christmas, no Easter, no fourth of July. There will be no future for our country. Other than that, he's gonna do a great job.That guy's a total disaster. Everything he's touched has been bad. He's a disaster. Biden will trap you in an endless nightmare of deadly lock downs and . He wants to lock down -- You know, the virus is coming back a little bit.

Uh, let's close up our country. No, can't do that. We understand that -- we understand we have to protect our elderly. We know exactly what to do. I'm delivering the great American comeback. This is gonna be one of the greatest comebacks of all time. And the numbers are far better than we thought. The numbers -- you heard the numbers. 33.1. And again, they don't talk about it.

If this were Obama, if I wou -- they would say "33.1, he's the greatest president, oh, he's so great. He's so great he gave us 142 federal judges to fill." If I were in his -- If I were a radical left or a liberal and a president left office and gave 142 federal judgeships, including Court of Appeals, for Donald Trump to fill, who has a very different philosophy, you're no longer a good president.

Nobody mentions that. But we're gonna have -- By the time -- the end of our first term, just our first term, 300 -- approximately 300 federal judgeships, and three Supreme Court Justices. And Amy, everybody loves Amy. She just got onto the court. Just got on. Think of that. Three Supreme Court Justices and think of that. 300. But I say thank you President Obama for allowing us to have 142, because that -- You know, usually when a president leaves, zero.

They're nuggets of gold. People want that. You know, it's such an important position. Nothing much more important. People say it's the most important thing a president can do. I would say the military maybe, but it's okay. They say it's the most important thing. We're gonna have 300. I mean, think of it.

It's never happened before. You know the job we've done -- You are so lucky that I'm your President. Oh, yeah. You are so lucky that we took this journey together, this wonderful -- this beautiful journey together. You are so lucky. Pennsylvania, you are so lucky! You'd better get out and vote on Tuesday.

Get out and vote. That's very good. That's very nice, though.  That's a chant that nobody's ever heard politically. That's really nice. We love you, and I love you, too. I do. I had an easy life before I did this, but you know what, I would never change it, because we have done more in the first three and a half years than any administration has ever done, for our military, for so many different things.

Uh, but I appreciate it. But you know, that's a chant -- nobody's ever heard that chant. Even these characters back there. There are a lot of them back there. But that's a chant nobody's ever heard, "We love you! We love you!" Yeah, I mean, two guys are back there. They look like they're from the, uh, UFC.

UFC. And they're crying when they're saying it. They haven't cried in 20 years. They haven't cried since they were a baby. They maybe didn't even cry then, but they were crying. I appreciate it. I appreciate it. I do appreciate it. If you want a vaccine to kill the virus, a job to support your great family, and freedom to live your life, you must vote Republican.

You have to vote Republican. So we're joined today by some warriors, and I really like them, and they've been incredible. Uh, Congressman Dan Meuser. Dan, thank you, Dan. Great job here, Dan. And Congressman Lloyd Smucker. My campaign state chairwoman, someone who's really good. Well, let me ask her. How are we doing, Bernie?

Where's Bernie? How we doing? Ah, Bernie, great. Bernie Comfort. Great job you're doing. All right, wait. I mean, let me just hold that. I'll let you know about great job within a couple of days. Hopefully not much longer than that. And a man who I know, I tell you, he's just -- You know, I grew up. I like the Yankees.

I like the Mets. And this guy was some player, Mike Piazza. Mike! Mike! You look good, Mike. They could use you. This guy was great. His father was great. They were, man, he could hit. He was a natural hitter. He was just a natural-born hitter and a great catcher, by the way. We forgot that, right? We forgot that.

He was a great catcher and a great athlete, a great hitter. Thank you, Mike. It's an honor. Thank you, Mike. We have a lot of great champions that are on this campaign, tremendous champions. Brett Favre was there yesterday. I was in -- Yeah. I was in a place called Green Bay. They like him in Green Bay. And we love Mike.

Thank you, Mike, very much. What an honor. For decades, our politicians spent trillions of dollars rebuilding foreign nations, and now we're finally rebuilding our nation. I think it's a, I think it's time. Biden is a hateful man. You can see it in the way he angrily shouts his speeches. Great agitation.

He could never unite us because he's spent five decades in Washington trying to divide us. For 47 years, Joe Biden betrayed Black Americans and viciously attacked their communities. In 1994, in that crime bill, that horrible crime bill, he devastated Black families, and they know that. And one of the things we're seeing from other states is he's not doing very well with African American votes.

They don't, they don't like him. I signed landmark criminal justice reform, and I announced the platinum plan, which will create three million new jobs for Black Americans and deliver school choice for every family in our country. And then he went around in 1994, and around that time, and started calling young Black people "super predators," right?

Super predators. And you can't do that. And they remembered that, and that's why he's doing terribly with African Americans. He's doing very badly. He's trying to figure it out. I could say, "Joe, I can figure it out for you, Joe." I achieved the most secure border in history. Our opponents want open borders, open borders.

If you don't have borders, you don't have a country. And by the way, the wall is almost complete. Four hundred, 400-plus miles that will be complete very soon, and it's made a difference. We have the most secure southern border we've ever had by far. To protect our security, I suspended the entry of foreign re -- And you know what this is all about.

You've been seeing what's going on in France lately. It's been terrible. I called up President Macron, and I extended our sympathies and best wishes, but they had terrible, terrible terrorist attacks over the last few days and more than one. I suspended the entry of foreign refugees from terror-afflicted nations, if you don't mind.

I don't think -- Biden has pledged a staggering 700% increase in the manifesto that he agreed to with -- I call it the manifesto because that's what it is, with crazy Bernie Sanders. He's a crazy guy. Mike, this guy is one of the greatest losers. Bernie Sanders. He loses with Hillary. Goes back to voting.

He loses again. Elizabeth Pocahontas Warren, all she had to do -- No, all she had to do was get out two weeks early, he would have won. Super, old Bernie would have won everything. Similar ideology. Not a good one, but similar. But Bernie goes back and he's supporting now Joe. I don't know. He's a great sport, he's a great loser. Mike wouldn't be doing that, Mike would be ripping people apart.

Wouldn't you, Mike, huh? Seven hundred percent increase. Think of that, he wants a seven -- They've agreed to it. Not once, they've agreed to it with AOC plus three. You know who that is? AOC plus three. One of the three is Ilhan Omar. That's why we're going to win Minnesota. Seven hundred percent increase in refugees from those violent terrorists hot spots all over earth, including Syria, Somalia, and Yemen.

No thank you. Do I have your approval? Pennsylvania, do I have your approval? I think so. I think so. He vowed to terminate our travel bans on Jihadists regions. In other words, come on in, everybody. Enjoy the United States. We love you very much. Biden will open the floodgates to radical Islamic terrorism, and I am keeping the terrorists the hell out of our country, if you don't mind.

If you don't mind. We Invested $2.5 trillion in the United States military, the biggest investment ever made. Our military was totally depleted when I took over, right? Totally, it was depleted. Our planes were old, our jet fighters. They used to go to the desert, the graveyards, airplane graveyards, take parts out of old planes and bring 'em in.

Now, we have brand-new F-35 fighter jets, and tankers and submarines and missiles and rockets, and our nuclear has been fixed to a level that you wouldn't believe. And we have the super-duper missiles that go very quickly, right? We're very, very -- Hypersonic they call 'em, right? Hopper s -- hyper-sonic, they go rather quickly, seven times the speed of our fastest missile right now.

The best in the world. We saved the Philly Shipyard, and Biden shut it down. Biden shut it down. We also passed VA Choice and VA Accountability for our veterans, and we just got a 91% approval rating. And he's got a 91% approval rating as a great catcher. He might have higher than us. He might have -- Hey you might be 99% -- We killed the leader of ISIS, al-Baghdadi.

We took out the mass murderer of US troops and many troops all over the world. Soleimani is dead. I withdrew from the last administration's disastrous Iran nuclear deal. Thank goodness. Here's a $150 billion, make a short-term deal. It's almost expired. If I didn't terminate it, it would've been, it's getting close to expired.

Short-term deal, basically. You know, countries, not like you're leasing a store. It's a country. Made a short-term deal, $150 billion and $1.8 billion in cash. You ever see $1.8 billion in cash? I recognized the capital of Israel and opened the American embassy in Jerusalem. And presidents have wanted to do that for many, many, many decades, and they never had the guts to do it.

I also recognized Israeli sovereignty over the Golan Heights. They've been working on that for 52 years, I did it in two hours. It took two hours. And instead of endless war, we are forging peace in the Middle East. You see what's happening? They're coming in, no blood in the sand, I did it the opposite way.

I said, "How have they done it?" And they said, "Good. Let's do it the opposite way." Yeah. That's very nice. So I have been, I've been nominated for, now I hear it's four. Nominated, nominated. But, you know, think of it. And not just the Middle East, so we had a case, we're making trade deals with Kosovo and Serbia.

Kosovo, Serbia, they've been killing each other for decades. This, they fight. That's what they do, they kill each other. So many years. So we're doing one deal, another deal, and they come in to tell me they're doing a deal with Kosovo, a deal with Serbia. I said, "Wait a minute. They've been killing each other for decades and decades.

I don't wanna do the deal. Tell them I'm not doing the deal unless they make peace. They have come and make economic peace. They have to make peace. They don't have to kill each other." You know, I'm saving lives. You could say, "What does that have to do with us?" You know how long it took me? About three minutes.

I said to my guys, I said, "Tell them I'm not -- " You know, they want to make a deal. They want to make everyone who wants to do with us. Everyone, especially. But everyone who wants to do with us. So I went to them, I said, "No, tell them they got to stop killing each other. And good people, good here, good there, stop killing them." And you know what?

Within a short period of time, we made a deal, right? That one we were nominated for a Noble Peace Prize. And that one took me about 15 minutes. We made a deal and the leaders came into the Oval Office and they were hugging, and kissing, and they were so happy with each other. And I said, "Isn't that nice?" So, you know, smart.

You say, "Hey, we're making deals. Let's tell them, they go to get along." And it was great and a lot of people -- We saved a lot of lives. And, you know what? It cost us nothing. It didn't do anything. We're saving a lot of good people. Lives. So we had , but they won't give it to you. That one, they won't give it.

They'll just probably talk, but I hear it's an extraordinarily left organization, but if they do -- Somebody said, "You definitely deserve them." And it's true. I mean, I know when you -- You know, Obama got one, remember? He had no idea why. He got elected president, like immediately after his election, "We have nominated him for a Peace Prize." And it was a massive story.

Do you know when I got nominated, I got nominated for peace in the Middle East, right? I said to my wife -- You heard the story. I said, "Darling, I'm going to come home a little early tonight. I'm going to watch the news. We have big news today. I'm going to get the greatest publicity you've ever seen, darling." She said, "What happened?" I said, "Well, it's peace in the Middle East.

I got a Noble Peace Prize nomination. This is going to be really something, darling." I turned on the fake news. They talked about a, a hurricane. Then they talked about a couple of fires, where they should manage their forests much better and you wouldn't have to -- You know, what do you have to do? Manage your forests, you won't have any fires, right?

Then they talked about a couple of other things. Then they talked about this and that. And after about 15 minutes, the first 15 minutes, it was a half an hour show. Free airwaves from the government, even though it's fake news. I don't know, we'll have to look at that, right? But think of it. Look, the cameras are shaking now.

But, but, you know, so 15 minutes go by, no mention. Now, when Obama got his for no reason, he still doesn't know why he got it. He's walking around, "Why did I get it?" That was the biggest story. I remember it now. He was nominated. Guy didn't even do it, he just got to the office. So, 15 minutes go by, there's nothing.

It's a little embarrassing. You know, I have our great first lady there I'm trying to show off, I got to -- Right, right? You understand that, ? It's a little embarrassing. Now, we go into the second 15. She said, "Darling, I don't think they're going to mention it." Because they started talking about something like for kids, you know?

Something kids should do in the spring. I said, "I don't think they're going to mention it, darling." And then the next day or the next week I got another one, another one, but this time we didn't go back home to watch. Too busy. So, it's one of those things, right? I've done more in 47 months than sleepy Joe Biden has done in 47 years.

It's true. A vote for Republicans is a vote for the American dream. And remember, Abraham Lincoln, the great Abraham Lincoln was a Republican. Please remember that. Abraham Lincoln, over the last, long period of time, we've done a job. Over the next four years, we will make American into the manufacturing super power of the world and we will end our reliance on China.

It's already started. We will hire more police, increase penalties for assaults on law enforcement and we will ban deadly sanctuary cities. Right? We will defend the right to life, free speech, religious liberty and the right to keep and bear arms. We will defend your 2nd Amendment. We will maintain America's unrivaled military might and we will ensure peace through strength.

That's what we're doing. Bring them all in. We will end surprise medical billing, which is a disaster. Require price transparency, already signed. And that's bigger than healthcare, you watch. Already signed. January 1st it goes into effect. Can you imagine if this goes into effect? So hard to get. And we have Biden as a president?

And he'll say, "What a job he's done. What a job he's done." And they go to him, "Sir, you've done a great job on transparency." He says, "What is that? I didn't -- " I said to my people, "Do you have to start it January 1st? Start it -- " But because of statutory provisions, et cetera, it starts January 1st.

Do you remember what I said? Price transparency, bigger than healthcare. Wait till you see what I'm talking about. Lower drug prices even more than we already have, but it's going to be favored nations. We have the highest prices in the world, and we now will match the lowest prices in the world. And the drug companies hate me.

They don't like me. Big pharma is not a big fan of mine. They're spending more money on ads than sleepy Joe. They want me out, they want me out. But, uh, China wants me out, Iran wants me out, Germany wants me out, they all want me out. But here we are, right? Here we are. And we will always protect patients with pre-existing conditions, remember that.

America will land the first woman on the moon, and the United States will be the first nation to land an astronaut on Mars. That's where we're going. And NASA again is the great space center of the world. It was closed and in disrepair when I took over. Now, it's the hottest place there is to space. And we get all these rich guys, right?

We're getting all these guys, very rich guys, they love sending rockets up. I said, "Go ahead, you can use our property. Pay us, simply." So, they give us a little rent, and they pay, and they spend a lot of money, and those rockets are good. Elon, Bezos, likes rockets. They all like rockets, I don't know what it is.

I don't know. What about you? Would you like to send a rocket? You made a lot of money. Huh, no? One or two rockets is all you can manage, right? We will stop the radical indoctrination of our students and restore patriotic education to our schools. We will teach our children to love our country, honor our history, and always respect our great American flag.

And we will live by the timeless words of our national motto, in God we trust. For years, you had a president who apologized for America. Now, you have a president who is standing up for America and standing up for the people of Pennsylvania. So, get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors, get your boss.

Come on, boss, and get out and vote. You gotta get out and vote on Tuesday. Get out and vote. A red wave. On November 3rd, we must finish the job and drain the swamp once and for all. It's a vicious swamp. It's deeper and darker and worse, but we've done a hell of a job and we're still here and we're doin' it, and it's driving them crazy.

For generations, America's destiny was made, forged, and won in places like Bethlehem, Bristol, Allentown, Altoona, Scranton, and Reading. All names we all know for a long time. Our American ancestors gave their blood, sweat, and tears to defend our country and to defend our freedom. We stand on the shoulders of American heroes who crossed the oceans, settled a continent, tamed the wilderness, laid down the railroads, raised up the great skyscrapers, won two World Wars, defeated fascism and communism, and made America into the single greatest nation in the history of the world, and the best is yet to come.

The best is yet to come. Proud citizens like you helped build this country, and together we are taking back our country, we are returning power to you, the America people. With your help, your devotion and your drive, we are going to keep on working. We are going to keep on fighting, and we are going to keep on winning, winning, winning . We are one movement, one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God, and together with the incredible people of Pennsylvania, we have made America powerful again, our military.

We have made America wealthy again. Look at what's going on. We have made America strong again. We have made America proud again. We have made America safe again. And we will make America great again! Thank you, Pennsylvania. Go out and vote. Thank you very much.