Hello, Manchester, and I am thrilled to be in the great state of New Hampshire with thousands of hardworking patriots who believe in God, family, and country. Thank you. Thank you. And I'll tell you what. We have more in this arena, and I hate to say this to you, we have more than this outside of the arena trying to get in. So if you'd like to give up your seat or where you're standing, sorry, we couldn't get you seats, but if you want to give it up, let them come in. You go out.

Does anybody want to make that deal? I don't think so. But we have more in this arena and outside of this arena than all of the other candidates, meaning the Democrats, put together and multiplied times five. And the fake news -- these guys will never report that. They'll never report.  They don't even like showing the crowd.

They always show my face. They never show the crowd, but you know what? The people can hear the crowd. The people can hear the crowd. They know. That is not the sound of 200 people. One of their prime candidates today, they weren't a big deal. They had exactly 104 people. And the fake news said, It was a nice crowd, very nice.

If I had one empty seat here, one empty seat in this massive arena, they'd say, He didn't sell out. But you know what? We have never had an empty seat from the day your future first lady and I came down the escalator. Never. And we have the biggest arenas in the country. With your help, on November 3rd, we are going to defeat the radical socialist Democrats.

We are going to win New Hampshire in a landslide. This is a truly incredible time for America. We have the best economy we've ever had, the most prosperity. We have got the most prosperity we've ever had. By the way, we're going to keep it that way, too. it's OK. And we've just built the most powerful military anywhere in the world that was totally depleted.

Now, it has all brand-new jets. It's got brand-new missiles and rockets, and everything you can imagine. And if it hasn't been shipped yet, it's going to be shipped soon. On Tuesday, I delivered my address on the State of the Union. And I had somebody behind me who was mumbling terribly, mumbling, mumbling rah-rah, ho-ha.  Who was mumbling, very distracting, very distracting.

That was very distracting. I'm speaking, and a woman is mumbling terribly behind me, angry. There was a little anger back there. We re the ones who should be angry, not them. We're the ones who should be angry. But we proudly declared that we are in the midst of the great American comeback. Our country is stronger today than ever before.

And the day after my address, our good Republicans in the United States Senate voted to reject the outrageous partisan impeachment hoax and to issue a full, complete, and absolute total acquittal. And it wasn't even close. And I want to thank our Republican senators and our Republican House members. They were tremendous.

In the House, we won 196 to nothing, and then we got three Democrats. And in the Senate, other than Romney, we had --  We got 52 to nothing, 52 to nothing. That's something. And in one case, we got 53 to nothing, but I don't even count that, to be honest with you. The radical left's pathetic partisan crusade has completely failed and utterly backfired with 18 votes.

Think of that 18 votes to spare. We had a lot of votes to spare. And also, very importantly, as of today, I, we -- cause it's we. It's not I. It's we. It's all -- we're all in this together. We have the highest poll numbers that we have ever had. Thank you, Nancy, very much. Thank you. While the extreme left has been wasting America's time with this vile hoax, we've been killing terrorists, creating jobs, raising wages, enacting fair trade deals, securing our borders, and lifting up citizens of every race, color, religion, and creed.

From our rural communities to our cities, we are expanding the blessings of America to all of our citizens. We added another 225,000 new jobs last month alone. Amazing. And I listened, I watched, and all these experts, they would say, Yes, I think 60,000. Another one said 101,000. Another one said 125,000. Another one was 118,000. And then the number came out 225,000. Pretty good, pretty good.

We have destroyed the ISIS caliphate. We killed the founder and leader of ISIS. al-Baghdadi is dead. al-Baghdadi is dead. And we just took out the world's top terrorist, Qasem Soleimani, ending his evil reign of terror forever. The fact is America is respected again. it's been a long time. But as we keep on winning Washington Democrats, keep on losing their minds -- they're crazy.

That's why millions of registered Democrat voters are leaving their party to join our movement. They're joining our great Republican Party. Now I can't tell you what's happening tomorrow because, you know, you have some pretty strange election laws here, right? Remember last time we won the primary tremendously?

We should've won the election, but they had buses being shipped up from Massachusetts, hundreds and hundreds of buses.  And it was very, very close, even though they did. But this year, you know you have a great governor, Governor Sununu, great Governor Chris. And now you get prosecuted if you do what they did, so it'should be a lot different.

But we have done great. This has been an incredible state for us. It's a state where the people are great, just great people. And we hear that there could -- because you have crossovers in primaries, don't you? So I hear a lot of Republicans tomorrow will vote for the weakest candidate possible of the Democrats.

Does that make sense? You people wouldn't do that. My only problem is I'm trying to figure out who is their weakest candidate. I think they're all weak, one or the other. We proudly welcome and embrace voters of all parties and political persuasions who want to join our mission, a very simple mission, remember, Make America Great Again.

And then after we make it great again, which we already have -- we've had 141 days where the stock markets have reached their all-time historical high, 141. Think of that. Out of three years, 141. And to me, I view it differently. Well, look at your 401(k)s. I mean, who is doing well with their 401(k)s? Up 90%, up 104%. Is there anybody doing badly with a 401(k)? I'd like to not talk to that person.

Does anybody have a 401(k) where they're doing badly, please? Oh, don't put up your hand. I don't believe you. Now, the 401(k)s, they're up 90%, 95%. I always tell this story. People come up to me. They say, I want to thank you. My wife thinks I'm a total loser, sir. She thinks I am the worst person with money, with financial.

She thinks I'm just horrible in the last three years. I'm up 94%, sir. She thinks I'm a total genius when it comes to filing. She loves me again. She didn't love me before, sir. She loves me again. That tells you something about money, doesn't it? The first step to victory in November is tomorrow. Go send a message that Republicans -- and you can vote for the weakest candidate if you want.

Don't worry about it. I don't really think we actually have a candidate against us. That Republicans are energized, that we're united and that nine months from now, we are going to take back the House of Representatives. We are going to hold the Senate, and we are going to keep the White House. You know, they always talk about the Democrats.

They have enthusiasm, right? We have so much more enthusiasm, and it's not even close. They're all fighting each other. They're all going after each other. You got them all over the place. I don't know what the hell they're doing. They don't know what they're doing. They can't even count their votes. We're thrilled to be joined tonight by many great leaders from across this state and this country, great national leaders.

I want to thank our tremendous Vice President Mike Pence, who spoke earlier this evening. And also with us are warrior senators. The two people that wanted to be here, they're going to be here tomorrow. They're going to be here to get out to vote. I don't think we have to worry too much about it, but that's OK. And the very highly respected senators Lindsey Graham and Rand Paul.

Great guys, warriors. They re warrior.  Hey, Lindsey and Rand, that's not bad. Can you imagine if you actually came from New Hampshire, I mean, right? That's not bad. But they have been great. All they do is they looked at everybody for the last couple of months. They said, Read the transcripts, please.

Read the transcripts. But I want to thank you both very much. Two great people, two great friends. Man, look at all that television back there. Whoa! That's bigger than those terrible Academy Awards, I got to tell you. That used to be big, not so much anymore. A friend of mine, another great leader and somebody that's going to be Speaker of the House, hopefully, next year, Kevin McCarthy, our leader, Kevin McCarthy.

Oh, will that be nice to have Kevin, a pro. You'll see things get done like you'll never believe. Thank you, Kevin, very much. Great. A very brave man, he took the bullet. He got shot and he got up. He was going to die that night. I tell the story all the time. His wife, she was crying so much. When he finally did awake, I said, Well, one thing I learned, your wife loves you.

Why do you say that? Because she was devastated. I know many wives that don't get too upset. His wife was devastated. His family was devastated. The doctor told me he didn't have a good chance, but he's tough as hell. And he's a really terrific friend. He's a winner. He put himself back into shape. He actually looks better now than he did before he got shot.

Steve Scalise. A lot of guts. Your NRCC Chairman, Mr. Tom Emmer. Congressman, thank you. Tom Emmer. Thank you, Tom. And Representatives Mark Meadows -- did anybody ever hear of Mark Meadows? These are warriors. Matt Gaetz, Matt. Whoa! Well, not bad Matt. That's not bad. Mike Johnson, great lawyer. Mike Johnson.

Thank you, Mike. And a man with a very familiar last name, Greg Pence, the brother of Mike. Thank you. Thank you, Greg. And thanks also to New Hampshire's Senate Republican leader, Chuck Morse. Thank you, Chuck. Thank you. And I see somebody, two great people, a great couple in the audience, Matt Schlapp and Mercedes Schlapp.

They're warriors also. They're warriors also. And I see next to them two warriors. Corey, you just -- you are such a fighter. You are such a fighter. Oh, boy, if we could get him to run for Senate, he would win so easily. Corey Lewandowski, who loves this state a lot, and Dave Bossie. Thank you, David. Thank you, David.

Great job. I'm just picking these people out of the audience. We have everybody here. The New Hampshire House Republican leader, Dick Hinch. Thank you, Dick. Thank you, Dick, a man who's been with us right from the beginning. Last time, when I left here last time, I felt so good, everybody coming up to the room, You're going to win.

You're going to win. We won by a lot, right? We had actually a total of 18, and we won. We had a tremendous night, and I've never forgotten it. And there was a friend of ours, Chairman of the New Hampshire Republican Party, Steve Stepanek. Steve Stepanek. That was a big evening. And three friends of mine that are co-chairman: Al Baldasaro, Fred Doucette, and Lou Gargiulo.

Thank you all very much. And David and Corey, thank you also for being here. Also, a woman that not too many people know, very powerful, very smart, very beautiful, even though I'm not allowed to say that because she's my daughter, Ivanka. Come on up, Ivanka. And Jared who is making deals that are so good for this country.

People have no idea what's happening. I will tell you, we are making trade deals and other deals, the likes of which nobody's ever seen before Jared Kushner. Thank you, Jared. Thank you. And Kimberly, thank you so much. I heard your speech on the plane on the way in. I was very impressed. And did Don, Jr. make a good speech?

Don.  They re good kids. They went through a lot with this hoax. I want to tell you, they went through a lot with the hoax. A woman who headed up the great state of Michigan. You know, the Republicans hadn't won it for 30-some-odd years. You don't win Michigan, they said. I said, Really, every time we had -- we have crowds like this.

Why aren't we going to win? We did our final speech at Michigan. In fact, we left New Hampshire. We went -- we just added it on because our opponent heard that they were in trouble, and they were in trouble because we won the great state of Michigan. And helping us was the RNC Chairwoman, Ronna McDaniel.

Great job. I said, Get me the woman from Michigan to head up the RNC. Who's that woman from Michigan? To head up the RNC. Thank you, Ronna. Great job, setting all kinds of records, polling records, contribution records, everything. We're doing everything, so it's great. And Tommy Hicks. I want you to say hello, Tom Hicks, who's a special friend.

And Haley, thank you, darling. I retweeted you, Haley. I retweeted you all over the place. And together, we're all together. We're building the world's most prosperous economy and the most inclusive society anywhere in the world. It's a great thing. It's a great thing. Since my election, America has gained 7 million new jobs.

The unemployment rate has hit the lowest rate in a half a century. The average unemployment rate under my administration is lower than any previous administration in the history of our country. You believe that one. That's pretty amazing. That's pretty amazing. The unemployment rate among African Americans, Hispanic Americans, and Asian Americans has reached record lows, all-time, never been lower than what it is now.

And by the way, our poll numbers with African Americans, with Hispanic Americans, with Asian Americans, the other side's getting a little nervous because they are like rocket ships. They re going up. African American youth unemployment, so important. It was a horrible number. A few years ago, you remember, a really terrible thing was happening.

It's just reached the lowest time in the history, lowest -- the best number in the history of our country. And African American poverty numbers have hit the lowest rate ever recorded. Wages for African American workers have increased by $2,400 per year, also a record. And you know this. For decades, the Democrat Party has betrayed African Americans.

They ve betrayed us all. They ve betrayed all of us. But we're delivering for African Americans. We're delivering for Asian Americans and Hispanic Americans like nobody has ever done. We are fighting for great jobs, great schools, great health care and a truly great future for our country and for them. We are the party of equal opportunity for all Americans.

Thank you.  To support working families, we've reduced the cost of childcare, expanded paid leave, and given 40 million American families an average of $2,200 more in their pockets, thanks to the Republican child tax credit. Who would have thought that? We have cut more job-killing regulations than any -- You know this one.

So you go back four years, eight years, in one case, longer than eight years, we've cut more job-killing regulations than any other administration in the history of our country, and we're not finished. And we've ended the war on American energy. They want to take our energy away. They want to take our wealth away.

They want to give us wind. Wind, if it blows, wonderful. If it doesn't blow, you got problems. Wind. They want to destroy our countrysides, put windmills all over them. Watch your house go down in value. You ever see what happens? They build a windmill within distance of your house. You could forget about your house.

You could just say, Well, that was the end of that investment. You want to see a bird graveyard, go to the bottom of a windmill. Take a look. it's a graveyard for birds. They kill all the birds. Lowering utility bills and reducing prices at the pump, that's what we're doing. We are reversing decades of calamitous trade policies.

Washington politicians, I mean, you know this. They shattered New Hampshire factories. You were one of the worst examples ever, NAFTA. What NAFTA did to your communities, I mean, to your state, is incredible, shattered your communities and sacrificed your jobs on the altar of globalism. We can forget globalism.

We want to take care of our country. New Hampshire alone lost one in four manufacturing jobs following that twin disaster of NAFTA and China's entrance into the WTO, the World Trade Organization, one of the truly bad deals ever made in the history of our country. For decades politicians campaigned across this state, promising to replace NAFTA.

They lied. They never did it. They never even tried to do it. They wouldn't have been able to, anyway. It wasn't easy. I will tell you that. But then they got elected, and they did absolutely nothing. But I'm not like those other politicians. I keep my promises. We took care of it. We took care of it. Last month, we ended the -- you saw last month, Bye-bye.

I say, Donald J. Trump: Bye-bye, NAFTA. We ended the NAFTA catastrophe, and I signed the brand-new U.S-Mexico-Canada Agreement into law. That's going to be great for our manufacturers, our farmers, great for everybody, great for our workers. The USMCA will bring jobs back to New Hampshire, right where they belong.

They should've never left in the first place. Probably, the No. 1 reason I ran for office, I'm one for one. I have friends. Some of these great senators, they look at Lindsey over there, look at Rand, these great senators. Sir, I ve run five times, and I've won three. Another senator said, Sir, I've won seven times, sir.

Southern senator, I won seven times, sir, and I've won five of those damn contests. I said, Senator, I ran once, and I won just once. And we're going to run twice, and that's going to be it, although they think we're going to run much more than that. You know that. That scares the hell out of the fake news, I will tell you.

They can't take a joke. I also took the strongest-ever action to confront China's massive theft of American jobs, and our strategy worked. Massive tariff and tariff money is pouring in and has poured in, poured in by the billions and billions. We never took in 10 cents from China. They ripped us so much, you wouldn't believe it. Now, they respect us again.

Last month, we signed a groundbreaking trade agreement with China that will defeat so many of our opponents. The money that's pouring in, people don't even believe it. And by the way, the virus, they're working hard. Looks like by April, you know, in theory, when it gets a little warmer, it miraculously goes away.

I hope that's true. But we're doing great in our country. China, I spoke with President Xi, and they're working very, very hard. And I think it's going to all work out fine. Rough stuff, I tell you, rough, rough stuff. But I think it's going to work out good. We only have 11 cases, and they're all getting better.

But our trade agreement with China will defend our workers, protect our intellectual property, and substantially boost exports of American-made goods. Isn't that nice? After years of building up other countries, we are finally rebuilding our country. Or no issue of Washington Democrats more thoroughly sold out the American people than a thing called immigration, right?

Before I came into office, the far left's policy of open borders allowed deadly drugs to flow freely into our country, and that's what they want.  I see them campaigning right down the street. It's really boring to watch, but I try and watch. I have an obligation to watch, really boring stuff, but they want open borders.

They want thousands and thousands of people to pour into our country, many of whom are not exactly what we're looking for. OK? I mean, murderers, rapists, and some other things. They're going to be poisoning our children with drugs, including right here in New Hampshire. And you have one of the biggest drug problems in the country, and we brought it down 18%. But we have to do better.

18%. Washington Democrats put the needs of illegal immigrants before the well-being of American citizens. They want to let anyone into our country from all around the world, Just come on in, folks. We're going to give you free health care. We're going to give you free education. We're going to give you more than our vets are getting.

We're going to give you -- every family will get a free Rolls-Royce. You know I said that, Matt. I said that to them. And some of the fake news picked it up, and they said, President Trump said every family coming into our country illegally gets a brand-new free Rolls-Royce. He lied. He lied. He lied. They gave me a Pinocchio.

They don't get it, Matt. Do they, Matt? Actually, they get it better than we understand. They get it very well. They get it. They know what's happening. And the wall is being built. I will tell you, the wall is being built. And, you know, they went after us on -- everybody knows the wall is going up. So what's happening, you know -- you do know who's paying for the wall, don't you?

Right. Redemption from illegal aliens that are coming in. The redemption money is paying for the wall. They re so sad to hear that because they re, OK, finally. They go, You have to understand. An entire party is fighting. They'll give me anything I want. Our military rebuilt at $2.2 trillion. It's really $2.5 trillion over a period of three years.

They give me anything but not 10 cents for the wall. They said, We like drones. Well, drones don't keep people out. Drones are wonderful. They fly around, take pictures. We're going to give you a drone. No good. So we now have built over 100 miles of wall. And when we have that wall built, you have to see what happens to the illegal aliens that don't come in. I say the illegal -- they can't come in. They don't come in. So we are up to over 100 -- substantially more than 100 miles of wall, and we'll have close to 500 miles of wall in the very near future.

And by the way, you have to see -- you wouldn't believe it. You have to see what happens when that wall goes up. You have to see the numbers change like magic. They change like magic. It's called -- you know, you ever hear the thing, you know, with all the modern technology, all of the new computers, the new genius, the new everything, cyber this, cyber that, two things never change, right?

A wheel and a wall. Right? A wheel and a wall. They're going to have a lot of brilliant people working over the years. They re never going to replace the wheel, and they're never going to replace the wall. And it's a high wall. Illegal immigrants coming into our country illegally, very few of them are getting in right now.

You know, Mexico has been terrific. We have 27,000 Mexican soldiers on our border, and the numbers went down 87% from this year at this time last year. And for the amount of money Washington Democrats want to spend supporting illegal immigrants, we could rebuild the cities in America. We could rebuild our cities.

But you know, I have something because people were screaming to me for the last four or five rallies, Read The Snake. The Snake, did anybody -- does anybody know what I'm talking about? See now, she's been standing outside for four days. No wonder. And you look good, and I'll tell you what. Four days outside in the rain and snow.

Look at these front-row people. These are warriors. They are warriors, too, like my congressmen and senators. Because we mentioned -- I made minor changes. They mentioned illegal immigration. This is about immigration. This was a song from the 1950s, Al Green, and they mentioned I made little changes to it. That's OK. But they mentioned illegal immigration, right?

And I used to do this a lot, and people couldn't get enough of it, to be honest with you. And I haven't done it for a while, and I thought I'd do it tonight because you're on the eve of giving us an opponent, and all of these people want open borders. They want open borders, and we don't want open borders.

We want very strong, closed borders. And we want people to come into our country, but they want to come in through merit, and we want them to come in legally, right? Right? Through merit and legally, right? So we'll do this quickly. This is illegal immigration. It's called oh, listen to how quiet it is. Listen to how quiet -- now watch how quiet it gets.

It gets so quiet. But this is all about -- I love you, too. That was a guy that said that, but I love him, too. I love everybody. Ready? So important, illegal immigration. On her way to work one morning, down the path along the lake, a tender-hearted woman saw a poor half-frozen snake. His pretty colored skin had been all frosted with the dew.

Poor thing, she cried. I'll take you in, and I'll take care of you. Take me in, oh, tender woman. Take me in, for heaven's sake. Take me in, oh, tender woman, sighed the vicious snake. She wrapped him up all cozy in a comforter of silk and laid him by her fireside with some honey and some milk. She hurried home from work that night.

And as soon as she arrived, she found that pretty snake she'd taken in had been fully, fully revived. Take me in, oh, tender woman. Take me in, for heaven's sake. Take me in, oh, tender woman, sighed that vicious snake. She clutched him to her bosom. You're so beautiful, she cried. But if I hadn't brought you in by now, you truly would have died.

She stroked his pretty skin again and kissed him and held him tight, but instead of saying thank you, the snake gave her a vicious bite. Take me in, oh, tender woman. Take me in, for heaven's sake. Take me in, oh, tender woman, sighed the vicious snake. I saved you, cried the woman, And you've bit me. But why?

You know your bite is poisonous, and now I'm going to die. Shut up, silly woman, said the reptile with a grin. You knew damn well I was a snake before you took me in. Got to come in legally and through merit under my administration. We re fully taking care of our own citizens first, including millions of African American and Hispanic Americans who are entitled to a government that protects their families and their communities.

In this region of the country alone, last year, ICE officers -- we love our ICE officers. The Democrats don't like them. The Democrats don't like them. ICE officers are the toughest human beings, and they love the country as much as anybody in this room. Last year alone, they arrested over 2,000 criminal aliens charged or convicted of dangerous offenses, including robbery, rape, and murder, over 2,000 accused of murder.

Yet left-wing politicians support sanctuary cities that release criminal aliens directly into the American community. One of my guests at the State of the Union was American citizen Jody Jones. I introduced him that night. His beloved brother, Rocky, was murdered by a criminal alien in California, shot him eight times at close range, wouldn't stop.

Rocky's killer had been previously arrested many, many times, but under California's totally insane and outrageous sanctuary law, authorities were ordered to set him free.  Tragically, left-wing politicians in New Hampshire are trying to replicate California's disastrous policies. Last year, the Democrat-controlled New Hampshire House, blocked legislation that would have banned sanctuary cities in your state.

And by the way, you have a great governor, Chris Sununu. He's on top of it. He's on top of it. And his father's a great guy. His father didn't like me too much a few years ago. Once I won, I'm telling you, he was so good. He was as good -- he fought like hell for us, all of us. It's a great family. And Chris is doing a fantastic job.

If you want to shut down sanctuary cities, if you want to protect your family and your loved ones, you must vote Republican in 2020 November. And thanks to our tireless efforts to secure the border, we have reduced illegal border crossings eight straight months in a row. Illegal crossings are down now at record numbers, and we've ended catch and release.

You know what catch and release is? You catch an illegal alien by law. You then take his name and address. They don't have addresses. What's your address? What? They don't have addresses. They come into the country. They don't have addresses. So you take his name, and then you have to release him into the country, and you say, We'll see you in four years for your court case.

We never see him. They never come back. We have seized record amounts of drugs. We have deported record numbers of gang members, MS-13, by the thousands. And we have done more to secure the border of our country than any administration in history. Remember, these Washington Democrats have never been more extreme, taking their cues from Crazy Bernie.

132 Congressional Democrats have signed up for Bernie's health care takeover that would strip 180 million Americans of their very, very coveted private coverage.  The Democrat Party wants to run your health care, but they can't even run a caucus in Iowa. By the way, it's a week, a week. You know, I turned it on at 7 o'clock.

I wanted to see who won. They said, There's a little problem. Little did they know -- does anybody who's now awake, does anybody know who won Iowa? I don't know, maybe Rand or Lindsey. Rand. Does anybody know who won? Lindsey, you're a total pro. Nobody knows. He said, Nobody. Flip a coin, flip a coin, flip a coin.

They're going to run your health care. Unbelievable. Nobody knows who won. Actually, I think they're trying to take it away from Bernie again. I think Bernie came in second. Can you believe it? They're doing it to you again, Bernie. They're doing it to you again. We're saving your health care, while the socialist Democrats are trying to take away your health care.

We are making health care better and much, much cheaper. You've seen what we did. We are protecting people with preexisting conditions, and we always will. The Republican Party always will, always will. And we got rid of the most unpopular thing in the health care world, the individual mandate. We had to pay a fortune not to pay a fortune.

You know, you paid a fortune not to pay a fortune for bad health care, and we got rid of it, saved a lot of money for a lot of people. And we're stopping surprise medical bills and making everything transparent. That's bigger than health care, transparency, and that'll go, unfortunately, into effect right around the election time.

It would be nice if we could get it earlier. But it's all done. It's all signed. Because when providers are required to show you what the prices are, those prices are going to come tumbling down. Blood tests, as an example. One hospital has them for $53. Another hospital, the same test, $2,415, same exact test.

And it may even be better. Who knows? We're approving more generic drugs than ever before at any time in the history of our country. That's bringing pricing down. We are defending your right to keep the doctor and to keep your plan. Remember President Obama, you could keep your plan. You could keep 28 times.

You could keep your doctor. That didn't turn out very good. We should impeach him for that. Why aren't we impeaching him? 28 times, you can keep your doctor. We should impeach President Obama. Democrats are now the party of high taxes, high crime, open borders, late-term abortion, socialism, and blatant corruption.

The Republican Party is the party of the American worker, the American family, the American Dream and the late great Abraham Lincoln, right? Abraham Lincoln. Republicans are fighting for citizens from every background, every community, and every walk of life. We are the party of boundless optimism, excitement, energy, and enthusiasm.

We love people. We are asking all Americans to join our incredible movement. People are signing up left and right. But if you want to vote for a weak candidate tomorrow, go ahead. Pick one. Pick the weakest one you think. I don't know who it is. We are a big party with big ideas for the future, very big.

We ve become a big party and an open-minded party, and we're the party that people like. We're the hot party. And we're the party with all the enthusiasm. We are fighting for school choice because no parent should ever be forced to send their child to a failing government school. Right? We passed criminal justice reform to give former prisoners a second chance at life, most incredible thing that's happened.

Prisoners never really had a shot. They'd get out. They couldn't get a job no matter what they did, and they'd go back to their ways. They had no -- I mean, in many cases, I guess they had no choice. It was a disaster. Now they're getting out, and because our economy is so good and because of what we've done with criminal justice reform and other things like opportunity zones, etc., they're getting jobs.

And employers are loving them. They're doing great. They're doing great. They are doing great. First time ever they're not going back. To uphold the rule of law, we have confirmed 191 federal judges who will interpret the Constitution as written. And as you know, we've also confirmed two great new Supreme Court justices.

Thank you very much. Thank you. Rand, thank you. Lindsey, thank you. We have invested $2.2 trillion to rebuild the United States military, as I said. And I love saying it because we are funding, for New Hampshire, the New Hampshire Army National Guard readiness centers just a few miles from here, in Pembroke and in Concord.

Concord, I love Concord. I love Concord. Oh, Concord. You know how famous Concord is? Concord, that's the same Concord that we read about all the time, right? Concord. I love Concord. I recognized Israel's true capital and opened the American embassy in Jerusalem. And we recognized Israeli's sovereignty over the Golan Heights.

They ve been trying to do that for 52 years. We got it done. And for years, you watched as your politicians -- I mean, they went out, I'd like to apologize for the behavior of the United States. No, no. We don't apologize anymore. We don't apologize. Now you have a president who is standing up for America, and we are standing up for the great people of New Hampshire.

Thank you. At stake in our present battle is the survival, actually, of our nation. If you want your children to inherit the blessings that generations of Americans have fought and died for to secure, then we must devote everything we have toward victory, November 3, 2020. Only this way can we save the America we love and drain the Washington swamp once and for all.

And I will tell you, that swamp is much worse than I thought when I was out here innocently campaigning. Let's drain the swamp. That swamp is a lot worse than anybody ever thought. That swamp is a dirty swamp.  That's a dirty swamp. You have some really evil, dirty, horrible people.

Like to say nice, everyone's nice. They re not good. They re not good people. But we're draining that sucker slowly but surely. With your help, we will lift millions of more of our citizens from welfare to work, dependence to independence, and poverty to prosperity. Together, we will elect a Republican Congress to create a fair, sane, and lawful system of immigration.

We will continue to enact new trade deals that result in more products proudly stamped with that beautiful phrase, Made in the USA. We will achieve new breakthroughs in science and medicine, finding new cures for childhood cancer and ending the AIDS epidemic in America in less than 10 years. How about that?

It'll be done. We will land the first woman on the moon and become the first nation in the world to plant its flag on Mars. We re very advanced. All made in the USA. We will defend privacy, free speech, religious liberty, and the right to keep and bear arms. We're going to protect your Second Amendment. By the way, they're going to take away everything.

They're going to take away your wealth. They're going to take away your guns. They're going to take away everything.  Above all, we will never stop fighting for the sacred values that bind us together as one America. We support, protect, and defend the Constitution of the United States. We stand with the incredible heroes of law enforcement.

We believe in the dignity of work and the sanctity of life. We believe that faith and family, not government and bureaucracy, are the true American way. We believe that children should be taught to love our country, honor our history, and to always respect our great American flag. And we live by the words of our national motto, In God, we trust.

From Nashua to Dixville, from Portsmouth to Plymouth, from Concord to Claremont, and from Meredith to right here in Manchester, we stand on the shoulders of red-blooded American patriots who poured out their hearts, sweat, and soul to secure our liberty and defend our freedom. New Hampshire was founded by tough frontier men and strong, powerful pioneer women, who defied the dangers and raised their children to embrace the eternal motto, Live free or die.

I love that motto. Live free or die. Right. These courageous Americans tamed the wilderness, braved the elements, changed the hills, fought the battles, and helped make this the greatest nation ever to exist in the face of the earth, and we are making it greater every single day, greater than ever before.

Proud citizens like you helped build this country, and together, we are taking back our country. We are returning power to you, the American people. That's what this is all about. With your help, your devotion, and your drive, we are going to keep on working. We are going to keep on fighting, and we are going to keep on winning, winning, winning.

We are one movement, one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God. America is thriving like never before, and ladies and gentlemen of New Hampshire, the best is yet to come.  Together, we will make America wealthy again. We will make America strong again. We will make America proud again.

We will make America safe again, and we will make America great again. Thank you, New Hampshire. Thank you. Thank you, New Hampshire.