Wow. Thank you very much. And I want to just say it's cold out here, but not that bad. And it's a little windy. I said, "Do you think I need a hat?" They said, "You might be better off with a hat." I wanted to show you this beautiful hair tonight, but what the hell. I'll show it. I'll get it.

I'll lift that hat up sometime. But I want to just thank everybody, and hello to Sioux City. It's been fantastic. We were here a long time ago, and it started things off. And we've had some fun making our country great again. And then, unfortunately, we had a roadblock with this character, these people that are there now.

It's a disgrace what's happened to our country. But I'm thrilled to be back in the great state of Iowa with thousands of proud, hardworking American patriots. Just five days from now, the people of Iowa are going to reelect your legendary -- he's a legend, you know. Chuck Grassley, the first time I met him, he said, "What do you know about politics?" I said, "Man, this guy is tough." No, he's the greatest.

I'll tell you, he's become a great friend of mine. He's like no other. Chuck Grassley. So, get him in there. I think he's not going to have a problem. But now I know, after this tonight, he's not going to have a problem. And also, you're going to reelect one of the great governors in our country, Kim Reynolds, as your representative governor.

She's been incredible. Everything she does, it just works. And you're going to vote for an incredible slate of true America-first Republicans up and down the ballot, and we're going to end Crazy Nancy Pelosi's political career once and for all, right? Right, Jeff? Jeff, you're the greatest. What a job you do. Get ready for the White House, Jeff.

Under Biden, Pelosi, Schumer, and the radical Democrat Congress, the Iowa way of life is under siege. And it is a great way of life, a beautiful way of life. Biden and the far-left lunatics are waging war in Iowa farmers, crushing American energy, attacking Iowa ethanol, and strangling Iowa families with soaring prices.

And there's never been a president better to -- really, I think I can say to any of these great people. Is that right, Eric? There has never been a president that has been better to the farmers or better to Iowa than Trump, OK? That I can tell you, right? Inflation is costing the typical Iowa household $700 every single month.

Think of it, $700 inflation. You had no inflation with us. You had no problems with anything, frankly. The southern border is wide open. Millions of illegal aliens are pouring in a level that nobody's ever seen before, and I think that includes any other country. Violent crime is out of control. The far left is indoctrinating our children with twisted race and gender lunacy in our schools.

And just moments ago, a radical left lunatic judge in New York City who is totally controlled by my worst enemies in the Democrat Party and by the New York attorney general, there's another beauty, who was given his position by them at the request of the out-of-control attorney general who's let violent crime in New York rage in the state, including murders, robberies, rape, and drugs, at levels never seen before, started a process of property confiscation that is akin to Venezuela, Cuba, or the old Soviet Union.

It's communism. What's going on in our country? They're weaponizing the Justice Department. They've weaponized things that were not supposed to be weaponized. Companies are already fleeing New York, as you probably read. You don't have to worry about it here, that I can tell you. But now, they will be leaving even faster.

What they're doing in New York is unbelievably sad. And it's all coming from Washington, D.C. You know that. There's only one choice to end this madness. If you support the decline and fall of America, then vote for the radical left Democrats. It's very simple. And if you want to stop destruction, save our country, and save the American dream, then this Tuesday, you must vote Republican in a giant red wave, a giant red wave.

There's no more urgent task for our future, future of our country, than to stop the invasion. And that's what it is. It's like a military invasion. Many of these people are coming out of jails from other countries. They're dumping their prisoners into the United States. But we're going to stop it. And we stopped it once.

We were the greatest border, the safest border in the history of our country. We're going to have to do it again. You know that, right? We're going to have to do it again. It was just revealed that this September set yet another all-time record high in illegal border crossings, with a quarter of a million illegal alien migrants trespassing.

They came. They just trespassed right across our border in one month. We've never had numbers like this, and it's getting bigger and bigger and bigger. We set every record during the summer, and that's very hot. They really come in during the fall, during the winter. You're going to see numbers that you've never seen.

I believe you're going to have 10 million people at least. Two years ago --

Yeah, we did. And we built the wall, and then we added more. And by the way, two and a half years, they stopped with legal, and we won it all, and we got it built. And that's why we had the best numbers in the history of our country. Two years ago, we had the strongest southern border in American history.

Now, it's the worst border, I believe, in the world because I don't believe that any third-world country would allow to happen what's happening to us. I don't believe that. And there's Uncle Sam. Stand up, please, Uncle Sam. It's the greatest. These are great. And he's the real deal. You know, he follows me around, and I like him.

And he's central casting. You are a handsome Uncle Sam, I'll tell you. Thank you very much. He's great. Great guy, great patriot. Biden, Pelosi, and the radical Democrats spend all their time obsessing over the borders of distant foreign nations that many people here have never even heard of. And Americans deserve to have a Congress and a president who will protect our borders of our nation, right?

Don't you think? We deserve a government that will defend our sovereignty, secure our land, stand up for our families, and protect the people of our country. It's called, very simply, America First. We want America to come first. This year, more Americans will die of fentanyl and drug overdose than the number of Ukrainians killed in the gruesome and bloody war that, by the way, would have never happened.

It was a -- what a horrible thing is going on over there. Yet Biden and the radical Democrats do nothing at all to stop the death and devastation caused by this invasion into our country. Since the end of the Trump administration, the drug cartels have seen their revenue skyrocket by an astounding 2,500%, would you say that's a lot, from $500 million a year, and we were bringing it down.

We had the best years in 31 years on stopping drugs, stopping human trafficking and all other things. But they went up 2,500%, and it's now a $13 billion a year industry. Can you believe it? It's like an industry. The choice this election is very simple. Democrats will defund the police. Republicans will defund the cartels.

And we were doing that. Under my leadership, we waged war on the cartels. We ended catch and release. We stopped asylum fraud, and we threw illegal alien gang members out of our country by the tens of thousands, and we got their countries to accept them. They wouldn't take them under the previous administration.

We got them to accept. I said, "How much do we pay those countries? Three countries. You know the countries." "Sir, it's $750 million a year." I said, "Tell them we're not paying them anymore unless they take them back." And they said, "Sir, we'd love to take them back. Nobody's ever asked us quite that way, not quite that way." We built hundreds of miles of border wall, and despite two and a half years of Democrat lawsuits to stop it, we won all of them, and we got it built.

We completely finished our original plan and then added much more wall and almost got that finished, too. Three weeks, they could have had it finished. In three weeks, think of it, it could have been completed. And that's when I realized something's wrong because they didn't want to do it. I said, "What is going on?" Thanks to the open-borders policies of the radical Democrats, every day, American communities suffer the spilling of innocent blood and the killing of innocent life.

Earlier this year, an illegal alien criminal was sentenced for brutally stabbing to death a 33-year-old man and leaving his body in a hotel room in Cedar Rapids, beautiful Cedar Rapids. We have great memories of Cedar Rapids, but that's a real bad thing, really bad. In the sanctuary city of Chicago, an illegal alien was recently arrested for savagely shooting an innocent 41-year-old father in the head at point-blank range and didn't think anything of it, like nothing happened.

And just weeks ago, an illegal alien was sentenced for stabbing a New York City police officer in the neck and stealing his gun to shoot other police officers, which he did. He went on a rampage. When Republicans retake control of Congress, we must immediately force the restoration of every single Trump border security measure that achieved the strongest border in the history of our country, by far, right?

Instead of doubling the number of IRS agents, we should double the number of ICE and Border Patrol agents. Those are great people, Border Patrol, ICE. And they don't get the kind of respect and neither does law enforcement. We have to give law enforcement back what they do. They do it better than anybody else.

Give them the respect that they deserve. These are incredible people. I met a lot of them backstage, and they're very thankful. I get every one of them. They endorse us. They know exactly what's going on. And we were doing things on crime that nobody thought were possible. But we're going to have to think about doing it again very shortly, aren't we? We should pass legislation to deport every illegal alien that Joe Biden has unlawfully allowed to break into our country, and we're going to make America great again.

We first have to make America safe again. You can't walk down a sidewalk in Chicago, get hit over the head with a baseball bat from behind and say, "Gee, we live in a wonderful place." And that's what's happening. People, you see they're being shoved into subway trains, trains coming along 40 miles an hour.

Boom. A man shoved right into the train. These people, it's a horrible, horrible thing. Nobody's ever seen anything like what's happening now. Nobody has ever seen it because they're not respecting law and order. But with our police, when we give them back their tools -- and you know what the tools are. It's up here.

The tools, nobody can do it better than them. You'll have law and order again. You'll have respect. You have to respect the police. Right now, if a policeman speaks a little bit loudly, he loses his family. He loses his house. He loses his pension. We're not doing that anymore. We're not doing that anymore.

Under the radical left Democrats, the streets of our cities are ruled by bloodthirsty gangs and violent criminals. Much of the crime wave is caused by drug dealers who, during the course of their lives, will kill an average of 500 American citizens. So, you have a drug dealer, he or she. Over the course of their life, they'll kill 500 people with drugs.

And I'm calling for the death penalty for drug dealers and human traffickers, which will, upon its passage, reduce drug distribution and crime, the first day, by 75%. Crime will go down because so much of our crime is caused by these big -- you go to places like China and many, many -- I don't want to get into it because we don't want to be too controversial.

But you go to China, you go to Singapore, you go to many countries where they have the death penalty. They have no drug problem whatsoever. The drug dealer says, "No, let's go to the United States, a much nicer way to live." No, we have to do it. Not that we want to do it. Nobody wants to talk about that.

But if we're going to have a country, we're going to have to do it. We have no choice. With the Republican Congress, we must also pass critical funding to hire thousands more police officers nationwide to put violent criminals behind bars and to keep them behind bars. And I see all those incredible people back there.

Are they allowed to move up here in front of the fake news? I mean, there's thousands of people. Can they be allowed? Come on. Look at all of them. They go so far, you can't even see. You know, I think they could let some people up here. In fact, it'll make you a little bit warmer, you know. You'll be a little closer together.

If they can, and I see some great police officers back, if they could, let those people come forward. It would be great. This is a family. We're all a big family. Yeah. Let them come. Look, they go so far back, and it always angers me when we give the fake news a better position than the people way back. You know, they have these lenses today.

They have these telescopic lenses, Kim, that they can be back another 100 yards, and people can enjoy it more. Would you let them back in? Come on. Let them get up. If you want safety for your family and security for your community, you need to throw every Democrat the hell out of office and vote for Republicans up and down the line.

One of the worst and most sinister aspects of the Biden administration is their complete and total corruption of our justice system and the rule of law. Before our very eyes, Biden and his left-wing handlers are turning America into a police state like something straight out of a communist country. The radical Democrats are locking up pro-life activists, persecuting their political opponents.

Nobody can believe this is happening, Kim. It's happening at a level that nobody can believe. They even raided Mar-a-Lago. Can you believe it? They raided Mar-a-Lago.

I'll tell you what I'd like to do. Spying on their political rival, silencing dissent, and using the full force of government, law enforcement, and the media to try and defeat the greatest movement in the history of our country, MAGA. Biden's really been going after MAGA lately. He says, "MAGA, MAGA, MAGA." You know, MAGA is called Make America Great Again, OK?

You know, somebody should explain that. Just this week in Pennsylvania, Supreme Court ruled, in effect, that the 2020 presidential election was rigged. You saw this. It just happened this week. They stated that the things that took place with the ballots in 2020 were not allowed. They weren't allowed.

Oh, good. That means we won, right? No. But they refused to rule against invalidating the election. But they said, "But in the future," they say, "these fraudulent acts, election irregularities, and infractions cannot be done anymore." That's wonderful. Isn't that a terrible thing? So, they agree that it was rigged now.

And by the way, Wisconsin, so many states are now finding this thing was rigged. But think of it. So, Pennsylvania, Kim, you wouldn't let this happen. So, Pennsylvania rules and strongly that, OK, it was wrong. And by the way, far more votes than needed for victory. Very close. I was up almost 1 million votes at 10:00 in the evening with 73% of the vote in. Then all of a sudden, boom.

It's a disgrace what's going on between the borders and the elections. In other words, I was right, and the court admitted that. But they say it only matters for future elections. The number of votes discussed, as I just said, was far more than needed to win. And this was only in one form of cheating. This was one form of cheating.

There's so many. There's so many you can almost not count. This is a very unfair thing to your favorite president, but what the hell? I've been treated so unfairly. What the hell difference does it make at this point? Now, your favorite president, your favorite president, excuse me to all those young people, your favorite president got screwed.

That's what happened.

Thank you very much. It's true. It's true. Thank you very much. That's very nice. Thank you very much. Now, it's a sad thing because look what's happened to our country in two years. Look, nobody can even believe what's happened to our country. Every freedom-loving American needs to understand the time to stand up, to get this whole thing right, and to stop the left-wing tyranny is right now.

So, if you want to save your rights and liberties, you have to start by dealing a really big and humiliating rebuke to the radical left this election coming up right now. So, Tuesday, you have to crush the communists and go out to the ballot box. And, you know, I used to say socialism, right? They've skipped over socialism.

Their socialism is just -- that was just a little way station, right, Jeff? They've gone much further than that. This is terrible. What's happening is terrible, and we got to stop it. For six straight years, the witch hunts, hoaxes, and abuses have been coming fast and furious like nobody's ever seen before.

And they'll finish one, the Adam Schiffs of the world, right, Adam Schiff, Shifty Schiff.

And you win. You win. You keep winning. You win. But it takes time and effort and everything. But you win. Two weeks later, they come up with another hoax, right? They come up with the document hoax, or they come up with any one of a lot. Russia, Russia, Russia. First, we learned they spied on my campaign.

Remember they spied -- can you imagine if we spied on Biden's campaign or Obama's campaign? It would be like, "Let's wheel out the electric chair," right? They spy on my campaign, meaning a Republican but me in particular, because they have Trump derangement syndrome. They don't like me, and they don't like me because nobody's ever done what we've done, what we've done for this country, including those tax cuts, which they cannot seem to -- you know, they want to double up and triple up your taxes.

They have not been able to break through. They have not been able to do it, but they do want to do it. And they have actually raised some taxes. But we gave you the biggest tax cut in history, and we're very happy about it. They haven't been able to do much about it. Then they lied to Congress, and they lied to the FISA Court.

You know, they lied five times to the FISA Court and created the fake dossier that was done and paid for by Crooked Hillary Clinton, the Democrats, the Democratic National Committee, the party itself, in conjunction, I hate to say it because I have so many friends here, so many people that are great, in conjunction with the FBI.

You like that? And yet, after all of that, these same people come after me. They come after me, Trump, Trump, Trump. They created all these hoaxes, all these shams. Remember, it was Russia, Russia, Russia, Ukraine, Ukraine, Ukraine, and then the Mueller witch hunt where the conclusion was no collusion. Do you think Biden could say that?

The conclusion was no collusion. I don't think, you know, he'd have a hard time with that one. And then it was impeachment hoax number one, impeachment hoax number two, the censorship of the Biden family corruption story as the Russian disinformation, right? The FBI went to Facebook, and they said, "Don't do anything.

This is Russian disinformation," on the laptop from hell. They said it was Russian disinformation. Uncle Sam, I'm telling you, he's going to pass out. He can't stand this anymore. He's hearing these things, and it's driving him crazy. Right, Uncle Sam? This was not -- there he goes. Bye, Sam. Now, this was not the way it was supposed to happen, Uncle Sam, right?

OK. Who would believe this? If you ever wrote it in a novel, nobody would believe it, the corruptness. But they went up to Facebook, and they said, "This is Russia disinformation." And you could look at that thing, and that was not disinformation. Nobody could make disinformation that good. But it wasn't true, and it made a point of -- I guess it was about 17 points different.

And if you think it's easy being up here with this wind, and I got these stupid teleprompters waving like a flag, you're going to -- Kim, you think this is easy doing this, don't you? I'm going to get seasick. I'm getting seasick. The teleprompters, I said, "Do you have them nice and sound?" Well, you know, most of the time, the best speech is, oh, just give them up, and we just rap it out, right?

Something which doesn't work very well for Biden. No, no. These suckers are moving around pretty good. I'm trying to follow them, and I'm getting seasick up here. And then it was the Unselect Committee of political hacks and thugs and also the appalling misconduct by the racist and incompetent New York State Attorney General Letitia Peekaboo James, who is presiding over a record number of murders, rapes, drug deals, and every other form of crime in our once great New York state, which is going to hell.

It's going to hell. It's crime-ridden. And we have a good man, Lee Zeldin. Lee Zeldin. But she only spends her time going after Trump. "Let's get Trump. It's good for my election. Let's get Trump." In the meantime, I mean, what's happening in New York because we have these incompetent people, they don't even know what they're doing.

They have no concept of violent crime and how to stop it. Likewise, a local left-wing DA in Atlanta is after me for an absolutely perfect phone call, I would say better than the Ukrainian call to the president. This one was even better. Nobody complained about it. A year later, all of a sudden, they said, "Oh, that call, didn't he make a call?" A perfect phone call about election integrity.

I call about election integrity. And they said, oh, well, did he possibly say -- no, it was a perfect call, better than my first perfect call. Remember, they impeached me on a perfect call. Even while Atlanta is among the highest murder rates of any city in the country, by the way, per capita higher than Chicago, and they're playing games with election integrity.

All of these local Democrat-run cases are being directed by Washington. We have a weaponized Department of Justice, a weaponized FBI, including, of course, the break-in, the famous break-in. But it is a nice house, you have to say. And they really violated my Fourth Amendment rights. That's such a big deal.

Fourth Amendment, Kim, you know, they ever did that to your -- well, they wouldn't do it because you're in Iowa. They wouldn't have the courage to do that in Iowa. The radical left thinks, by doing all of these wicked and venomous things, and they are really horrible, that they're making us weaker, when in actuality, they are making us all more unified, and they're making us all much stronger, right?

MAGA, MAGA. You look good. You look good. That's a handsome guy. He's got a MAGA hat. That hat is a hot seller, let me tell you. They're coming after me because I'm fighting for you. Remember that. They're coming after me because I'm fighting for you. To every citizen who is appalled by the radical left's lawlessness, it's unbelievable what they're doing.

What they're doing is unbelievable. It's hard to believe. Even parental rights. I was saying the other day, I was with a group, "We're going to stand up for parents." Who the hell ever thought we were going to have to stand up for parents? Can you imagine, you're up here -- I guess we're politicians. I had never felt like a politician, but I'm saying we will stand up for you, parents.

And then I say -- can you imagine we have to actually say that, Kim, right? Even say it. But this election is your chance to make your voice heard. This is a big deal with your vote. You can reject left-wing tyranny and proudly declare that America will always remain a free country. You could take the five worst presidents in American history and put them together, and they would not have done the damage Joe Biden has done to our nation in less than two short years.

Here's a clip. Does anyone want to see a little clip on a nice, expensive one? Here it is.

So, it is sad, and it's not really anything that's funny because our world is in a very dangerous place with nuclear weapons, and it's the first time I've ever heard such talk about nuclear. You know, the nuclear word was never a word that's supposed to even be discussed. And now, every day, a certain country is mentioning it and now another country.

As you know, North Korea, we got along very well. That was supposed to be a big war. If I wasn't elected, that would have been a war. He expected to have war. Tremendous nuclear capability. And Russia mentioning it all the time now. It would have never happened, but we could end up in a third world war because of what's going on and the stupidity of what's being said.

And it's a very serious problem. It really is. We have somebody leading us that should not be leading us. We could end up in World War III, and World War III will blow everything away because World War III has nuclear weapons like nobody's ever seen and other things, and we can't let that happen. But we could very well end up in World War III.

Under my leadership, we had, for the first time, American energy independence and even energy dominance. Now, Biden is begging and pleading with OPEC, but instead of increasing production, they're cutting it. How about this oil per barrel reaches an all-time high in the history of our world? And he announces, "We're not going to drill anymore." No. When it reaches that, you got to drill.

We could have cut taxes. We could have made so much money. ANWR in Alaska, which the first day, they ended, took 60 years. I got it done. Nobody else could get it done. I got it done, and they ended it. Bigger than Saudi Arabia, they say. Under my leadership, we gave the largest tax cuts and regulation cuts in American history, bigger than the Reagan cuts.

I stood up for Iowa ethanol. I think I got some credit for that. So, you know, we ran twice, and we won your state twice, and nobody's done for the farmers and even ethanol and all of the things like we did. I stood up, more than any president in history, for Iowa farmers and for farmers all over, farmers and ranchers and manufacturers all over the country, passing USMCA, virtually eliminating the unfair estate tax or death tax on farms and farmers so that now, when you pass away, you can -- if you like your child.

I always say, "If you don't like, leave it to charity." Some of us have horrible children. Do you have any horrible children? Does anybody have a child where you really are not going to leave your farm? Any farmers? Now, you don't have to. If you don't like them, you know, then what I did for you doesn't mean anything.

But I got rid of the inheritance. You know what would happen. You love your children, and you want to leave it, and they end up going bust because they can't pay the estate tax. Well, you don't have that problem anymore with the farms, so it's great. Very important. They were losing, right? They were being decimated.

You know, they love their children. They'd leave it to their children. Then they get this huge estate tax. They have to mortgage it, then they end up losing it. That's a very sad story, so I got rid of it. We call it the death tax. And standing up to China with massive tariffs, taking in billions and billions of dollars when no other president took in literally $0.10, not $0.10, over decades.

And I gave a portion of that to the farmers because the farmers were treated very unfairly by the Chinese, right? Oh, he got a big check. He got a check. I'll bet that guy got a big -- he's standing up and giving me a high five. Look at him, and he looks very prosperous. And you know how much money I took out of China for just the farmers? $28 billion, right?

Hopefully, you didn't get too much of it. I think he got a big chunk of it. $28 billion, two years. I went to our secretary of Agriculture. How much have they hurt us? He said, "Over two years, $28 billion." So, from much more than that, I took out $28 billion. We distributed to all of the farmers all over the country.

And that's something that's never happened before. Nobody's ever thought of that. Nobody would ever think of it. You have to be a little different to think of those things. I was a little different. And then we secured a deal that included the largest agricultural purchase orders anywhere in the world. We got China to buy $50 billion worth of our farm product, and all of you are still benefiting.

But I think, Eric, they're not like living up to the agreement so much anymore. With me, they lived up. I used to check it every week. Are they buying? Are they buying? $50 billion. Remember, they wanted 15. The farmers wanted 15. And I said, "Let's make it more." You know, it is 1.5 billion people. I said, "Let's make it more." So, I told my people, "Make it 50." They said, "50?" And then the farmers came back.

They said, "We have a problem." I couldn't believe they said this, Kim. They said, "We have a problem. We can't produce that much." I said, "You'll figure a way." And I told them my famous line, "Go out and buy bigger pieces of land and bigger tractors, OK?" And that's what they did. They went out, Jeff, and they bought more land and bigger tractors, and it worked out great.

But now, I understand that China is not living up to the deal because they don't respect the administration, to put it mildly. And a bad thing could happen in China, too, with Taiwan. Let's see what happens. Like it wouldn't have happened with Ukraine, it wouldn't have happened with China. But let's see what happens because they're circling it right now, with ships all over the place.

Biden and the radical left Democrats have devastated the American farmer with crippling fuel costs, fertilizer shortages. I mean, the fertilizer stuff, I hear, is just a mess, right? We didn't have any fertilizer shortage. We didn't have diesel shortages, which they have right now. They have another 21 days left.

Lots of luck after that. But it's only going to get worse. Under the Trump administration, we had the greatest economy in the history of the world with no inflation. And a man who really helped me with that was a guy named Chuck Grassley. He really was unbelievable. He was unbelievable. Where is he? Where is Chuck?

Chuck Grassley. You're unbelievable. I'm looking at him with that beautiful green hat. He looks like he's like 40 years old. You are unbelievable. You're unbelievable. But I just said it. I'm going to introduce him in a second, but I had to say it. He helped me more than just about anybody. He's incredible.

He loves this state, and he loves the farmers. And he loves ethanol. I said, "How good is it?" He said, "It doesn't matter. We want it." There's no games with Chuck. And he got it. Biden and the Democrat Congress created the worst inflation in 50 years, 9.1%. But it's much worse. And don't think you're buying a turkey for Thanksgiving because they're not available.

And if you get them, you're going to have to pay three to four times more than you did last year. You might not. Maybe you'll look at something else. Why don't you go get some -- get bacon. That's only gone up two and a half times. I rebuilt our military, including our nuclear capability and the creation of Space Force, first time in 79 years, which is a big deal, too.

They surrendered our strength and turned Afghanistan into the greatest humiliation our country has ever had. And now, we have a war between Russia and Ukraine, with potentially hundreds of thousands of people dying. That would never have happened if I were president. It was not even thinkable. Number one, the energy cost, the price per barrel was at $40. He can't have a war.

He can't afford it. At $100, he can afford it. The election was rigged and stolen, and now, our country is being destroyed. I ran twice, I won twice and did much better the second time than I did the first, getting millions more votes in 2020 than I got in 2016 and, likewise, getting more votes than any sitting president in the history of our country by far.

And now, in order to make our country successful and safe and glorious, I will very, very, very probably do it again, OK? Very, very, very probably. Very, very probably.

That's nice. Well, get ready. That's all I'm telling you. Very soon. Get ready. Get ready. The radical Democrats are currently trying to eliminate Iowa's first-in-the-nation status in presidential elections.

I told you that. Remember, four years ago, I said, "I'm not going to let it happen." And I stopped it three times. I stopped it so much. It's almost became a full-time job. They do want to take it away from you. That I can say. But the Iowa caucuses are cherished, and it's a national tradition, and we are committed to keeping Iowa first for many, many years to come.

We're not moving, Kim, OK? It's not happening. I've been saying that now for six years, and so far, I've been very successful. But there are a lot of people that want to move it. You know that. Not going to happen. But before we talk about 2024, we have to win a historic victory for Republicans on November 8th. Right here in Iowa, you have the chance to reelect one of the strongest, toughest, and most courageous members of the United States Senate.

And he is the one and only Chuck Grassley. Chuck has devoted his entire life to serving the people of Iowa, and he does it brilliantly. And he's a tough guy, and he's respected by everybody. That voice. I remember when he was doing like an inquisition on a guy named James Comey. You remember that? And, you know, in his normal voice, he said, "Did you leak it?" And he was being nice.

He wasn't even -- the voice is very powerful. It's like this scary voice. And Comey was sitting. "Did you leak it?" "Yes, I did." I said, "He just said he leaked it." You're the only one who could have gotten him to say that, right? That was the beginning of a real mess, let me tell you. But while also visiting all 99 Iowa counties every single year, and he's done it every single year.

I was in the Oval Office with him once, and right in the middle of a sentence, I was talking, he said, "I have to leave, sir." I said, "I'm in the middle of a sentence." I'm telling you about ethanol or something. I don't know what the hell I'm telling you about. He said, "No, sir, I have to leave. I haven't missed a vote." How many years, Chuck?

He said, "I haven't missed a vote in 27 years, sir, and I respect you a lot, but I'm out of here. Bye, sir." I said, "That's OK, Chuck. Come back later." You didn't miss that vote, did you? No, he hadn't missed a vote. Think of that in terms of just something very special. I mean, who's like that?

But he hadn't missed it, and he went out, and he voted. And also, very importantly, he votes the right way. That's even more important. As a farmer himself, Chuck is a fierce defender of Iowa farmers. I mean, he is so critical in defending your interests when the farm bills are written. Oh, he's brutal during farm bill time.

He'll call you 30 times a day until he gets it just perfect. And he was instrumental in passing the USMCA, a giant win for American agriculture. In fact, so good that Mexico and -- you know that Canada, especially, with Trudeau, they want to renegotiate the deal. It's turned out so good. We got rid of NAFTA, the worst deal ever made, worst trade deal ever made.

But Chuck is also a loyal defender of your Second Amendment, and he played a crucial role in confirming nearly 300 federal judges to defend our Constitution as written, including three great Supreme Court justices, great justices. Last but not least, Chuck is one of the brave few who stand up to Washington corruption.

This man is not corruptible, I will tell you. There are some in Washington that they are. But America needs -- this is a very special man. This is really a national landmark. And I don't say that easily, but America needs Chuck Grassley in the U.S. Senate. So, Chuck is running against a radical left Democrat named Mike Franken, who's an open-borders extremist.

He's an open-border extremist who wants to see drugs, criminals, illegal aliens pouring into our country. Not too good. I don't think that's Iowa values, is it? Meanwhile, Franken has vowed to massively raise taxes across every income bracket, and he wants to defund the police. I met all those police back there.

Where's the sheriff with that beautiful family? I don't think the sheriff is going to be too happy. Where is he? This guy's central casting. I'm going to put that -- where is he? I'm going to put him in a movie. He's like central casting. His family is better-looking than he is, too. I don't think the sheriff is endorsing Franken with this open-border policy, Sheriff.

But we really have -- he's running against a guy that -- let's put it this way. He's weak on crime, terrible on the Second Amendment, and he's a big government liberal who will sell out the state of Iowa to the radical left. That's what he's doing. That's why we have to elect Chuck Grassley. Chuck, just come up for a second.

Chuck, come on up.

Come on over.

Thank you very much, Chuck. I'm telling you, he's a young-looking guy. Thank you very much, Chuck. Great job, too. This Tuesday, you also have to get out and vote for your incredible governor, and she is Kim Reynolds. She's an incredible person, incredible, right from the beginning. Right from the beginning, we've been together, right?

And by the way, her husband's a real outdoors guy. Between him and my son, Don -- they went hunting, a whole group of people, with a wonderful previous governor who happens to be the father of Eric, the Branstad family. And it was so cold and so miserable, and they had 100 people who were going to go hunting.

And Don Jr.'s really good. He's like a +5 hunter, but he's really good. And I'll tell you, the two of them left along with 100 other people. Ninety-eight people came back within a half hour, and these two guys were gone for three days. They came back when they were supposed to come back, but it wasn't supposed to be 20 degrees below zero.

And when they came back, they didn't even know what the problem was. We thought we lost them both, right? He's a great guy, Kim. But Kim is a proud fifth generation Iowan who will never stop fighting for the workers and families of your great state. She loves your state. As your governor, Kim signed the Back the Blue Act, meaning she likes the police.

In the law, strengthening protections for Iowa police officers and making rioting in Iowa a criminal felony. That's good. A couple of other places. How about Portland? Would you like to do that maybe in Portland? You know, nothing happens to those people, right? Nothing happens. They should do that in certain places.

That's pretty good. You don't have much of a problem with it, but you won't now anyway. Just in case, you won't now. She cut income taxes across the board to a flat and fair rate, eliminated taxes on retirement income completely, and was recently ranked No. 1 governor in the nation for fiscal responsibility.

Wow. That's pretty good. I think that's the only thing you have to have. If you have that, Kim, you know what? If you have that, I think that's the end of that election. No. 1 in the nation. Kim is a tireless fighter for Iowa farmers. I can tell you that because she also -- lots of phone calls when there's a problem.

She also fought to get Iowa students back in school. She protected your under-siege Second Amendment. And Kim will continue to stand strong against overreaches of Biden and the extreme left. So, I'd like to have Kim to come on up. You're a very special person. Great governor. Thank you, Kim.

Wow. That was good. So, everybody, get out and vote for Kim and vote for Chuck. These are two incredible people, and I know they're going to have a big Tuesday. We really know that anyway, but I wanted to come up here just in case. We don't want to take any chances. We're also joined tonight by the first gentleman who I already spoke about, Kevin Reynolds.

Thank you very much. That's so great, Kevin. Stand up, Kevin, will you, please? Also the next Iowa attorney general. And I'll tell you, Brenna Bird -- does everybody know Brenna Bird? She's incredible. And I want to let you know, and this is at the request of Kim and Chuck and everybody here, frankly, and I was going to do it anyway, but I got to get it done quickly, she has my complete and total endorsement, OK? Brenna, she's fantastic.

She's fantastic. All right. Now, that's going to get you over the top. You know, you're going to be perfect, OK? Great job. Everybody loves you, Brenna. So, they all said, "Could you do that?" I said, "Yeah." We did a little research and development, too. I said, "She's fantastic." So, I think you're going to do great.

Good luck, OK? Complete and total endorsement for Brenna. A woman who's very shy, very quiet, doesn't like to stir things up, Congresswoman Marjorie Taylor Greene. Where is Marjorie? She's fantastic. Oh, thank you, Marjorie. She's fantastic. She is so popular, too. Former acting attorney general and a friend of mine, Matt Whitaker.

Matt. And what a good guy he is. A man who's been with me for a long time, I'll tell you, he's been incredible, one of the truly talented people in his profession. And if everything works out, I told him tonight, "Come on to the White House." Everything works out because he is talented. GOP Chairman Jeff Kaufmann.

Jeff, he's been our friend for a long time. Jeff, you've done a great job. Really great job. South Dakota chair, Dan Lederman. Dan. Thank you, Dan. And how is Kristi? Doing good? All right. You let her know. Well, whatever I can do, OK? She's terrific. Woodbury County sheriff, Chad Sheehan. OK. That's the guy.

That's the guy. A very special person to me because he's been with me from the beginning, Eric Branstad. He's our manager out here, and he just calls. I said, "How are we doing?" He said, "They love you out here, sir. They love you." "Is there anything I have to do?" "No, sir. You've done enough." That's the kind of stuff.

Other people just say, "Sir, yeah, you have to be out here immediately." "Oh, my. Do I have to?" He always says. "You're doing great here." Well, you know, we take care of you. We take care of business, right? Like Kim, like Chuck, we take care of business. And also, the single greatest purchaser in the history of advertising, Mike Lindell.

If he could purchase my ads, I'd get 10 times more for the buck. There's no human being that's ever had more ads than Mike. I don't know how the hell he does it, but I'm going to figure it out someday, Mike. But he's a great guy, too, and he's a great patriot. When Republicans take back Congress next week, we'll be fighting for the people of Iowa, and we will win for the people of Iowa.

One of the first things we must do is stand up for parents' rights and parental rights. We will get critical race theory out of our schools. We're going to get it out of our military. We're going to get it out of every part of our federal government. And I had it out of our federal government. Then they came along, and the first day, the first day, they put it back.

But we're going to get it out of our federal, state, and local governments. And at long last, every parent in America must be empowered to opt out of forced indoctrination in the classroom and send their child to the public, private, charter, religious, or home school of their choice. And they hate when I say this, even my people, but I don't listen to my people too much.

You probably saw that for four years. When they're no good, I say, "Look, do me a favor. Let's get the hell out of here. I got to get somebody else." We don't have time to mess around, but they don't like it when I say it because it's not politically correct. We want to keep men out of women's sports. Is that OK? Not politically correct.

I still haven't figured out why it's not politically correct, right? I'll tell you, those records are being broken at levels. Swimming records that have held for 20 years are being broken by 25, 38, 42 seconds. It's crazy. No teacher should ever be allowed to teach transgender to our children without parental consent.

Can you imagine? Can you imagine we even have to say this stuff? Kim, we have to even say this. I don't think we do in your state. You have it pretty well taken care of, right? Another one of our highest priorities under a Republican Congress will be to stop left-wing censorship and to restore free speech in America.

By the way, where's the man? He's a state senator, and he's the first one. Where the hell are you? Will you come here? Just come here fast. This guy was with me in 2015, and he was the only one with me from this state. I had a couple of guys that flaked out on me, but he was here. Would you just say hello to this group, please?

You were so great.

He's fantastic. Great state senator. But we were like a lonely twosome. We were lonely. But it didn't take long, I must say, because we sort of ran the table after that. But he was really good. I just wanted to mention -- I saw him up here. I said, "You look so familiar. You look so great.

Handsome guy." He said, "I'm the guy." I said, "You're that guy." So, anyway, take good care of him, everybody.

Go out and sign up now also for Truth Social. It's a hot site. It's doing better than -- did you see last week? It was No. 1. TikTok was No. 2. Twitter was No. 5. They had something called WhatsApp. What the hell is that? You say, "WhatsApp?" What is WhatsApp? Do you know what WhatsApp -- I don't know, but I hear it's hot.

But it's hot. It's so hot. It was in No. 4 place. Think of it, Truth Social was No. 1, and I hear TikTok is trillions of dollars and everything else. They must be going crazy. And you know why? Because all these people have joined. It's incredible, actually, what's happened. And everywhere, the Republican Party has a chance.

We must pass critical election integrity reforms, including universal voter ID. That's not too hard. Can you imagine? They don't want voter ID, and they don't want citizenship ID. In other words, if you come from a foreign planet, it's fine to vote because it's very -- now, there's only one reason they don't want these things: because they want to cheat.

Otherwise, who wouldn't want -- in fact, I saw a poll. Eighty-two percent of the Democrats want it, the regular Democrats, right? Probably 100% of the regular ones. But they don't want voter ID. No more fake drop boxes, no private money pouring into local election offices. But ultimately, I hope you can do it here.

We need same-day voting with only paper ballots. You're going to have 100%. So simple. You'll save a lot of money, Kim. And you can do a mail-in ballot for people that are very sick, legitimately sick, people that are legitimately sick. There aren't that many of them. They cheated so much using the ballot system with the COVID.

They used COVID in the ballots. But same-day voting, voter ID, think of it. You know, in the old days, you'd have a day. Now, you vote over 50 days. They put these boxes here, and they put ballots there, and they have wheelbarrows, and nobody knows what the hell's going on. You see the doors opening, and the cheating is incredible.

Same-day voting, all paper ballots. You'll save a lot of money, OK? You'll save a lot of money. And voter ID, everybody. You know, the Democrats, when they had their convention, they had a thing that they carried. It was like this big, and it was a card. It had their fingerprints. It had their fingers, their face, it had side views.

It had views of their ass. They had everything. They had everything. So, they had that for their Democratic National Convention. They had more views of their body and everything else, but they don't want voter ID when you come to vote, you know, because they want to cheat. You should do that. You know, that would be the most popular thing you could do. Yeah.

It'd be the most popular thing you could do, and you'll save money. You don't have to go with all this crap that they sell you. Going up here, going there, around the moon. We're just five days away from the most important midterm election in American history, and we need a landslide so big that the radical left cannot rig it or steal it, the bigger it is. Far better than voting by mail-in ballot is voting in and on Election Day.

I'm hearing that from so many people, that voting on Election Day is better. Now, if you can't do it, you send in your ballot, but voting on Election Day, you're going to swamp them. It's much harder for them to cheat if you do it that way. So, on Tuesday, if you walk in and vote, that's better than sending in a ballot, which happens to get lost all the time, right? "Gee, we can't find that stack of ballots." You know, whatever you do, get out and vote.

And if you care about election integrity, volunteers and election worker, poll watcher or poll challenger, we need you. This is the year we're going to take back the House. We're going to take back the Senate. We're going to take back America. And in 2024, most importantly, we are going to take back our magnificent White House, right?

We're going to take it back. We're going to take it back. Should have never left. You know that. We know that. Everybody knows that. Together, we will fight for more jobs for our families, fair trade for Iowa workers, and more Iowa factories forging more products stamped with, Uncle Sam, help me with this one, that beautiful phrase, Made in the U.S.A., Uncle Sam.

We will shut down Biden's border disaster, reinstitute our strong Remain in Mexico. Oh, that was such a great thing. They had to remain in Mexico. Biden said, "No, we don't want that." Actually, a judge actually overruled them. It was so good. You think that was easy to get, tell the Mexican government we want them to remain in your country?

You think that was easy? Not easy. I said, "If you don't do that, I'm going to put tariffs on everything that you send to us." "Well, we'd love to do it, actually, sir." Strengthen the patriots of ICE, Border Patrol, and we will again end catch and release. We will end chain migration. These are things you don't know, but they're bad.

Just trust me. We will end the visa lottery. We will end illegal immigration once and for all. People come into our country, but they come in legally. We will stop the crime wave in Democrat-run cities. We will give our police the power they need and the respect they deserve, and we will not take legal protection away from our police.

They want to take away protection. If a policeman or woman has a problem, they want them to go out and get their own lawyer. No, we're not doing that. We're going to protect them. It's horrible, these things that they do. We will restore law and order in America. We will hold China accountable for unleashing the virus upon the world.

We will abolish all COVID mandates, commonly known as the China virus mandates and lockdowns, and rehire every patriot who is fired from the military with an apology and with back pay. We will defend our Constitution. We will defend the Second Amendment, and we will proudly uphold the Judeo-Christian values and principles of our nation's founding.

We will restore patriotic education to our schools, and we will teach our children to love their country, honor our history, and to always respect our great American flag. In conclusion, our MAGA movement, Make America Great again -- you understand that, Biden? Make America Great Again. That's a good thing, not a bad thing.

It's by far the greatest political movement in the history of our country. And the fake news never even challenges it. They don't challenge us. No, there's nothing they can say. If I say anything that's slightly wrong, they'll challenge. When I say Make America Great Again is the greatest political movement in the history of our country, they never challenge it. Together, we are standing up against some of the most menacing forces, entrenched interests, and vicious opponents our people have ever seen.

Despite great outside dangers, our biggest threat remains the sick, sinister, and evil people from within our country. I mean that, too. They are sick people. But no matter how big or powerful the corrupt radical left Democrats that we are fighting against, constantly fighting against, they just don't stop.

You beat them, and they start. You beat them again, and they got something else. Misinformation all over the place. But you must never forget, this nation does not belong to them. This nation belongs to you and you. It belongs to you, Jeff. This is your home. This is your heritage. And our American liberty is your God-given right.

This great state was founded by tough frontier men and strong pioneer women who defied the dangers to carve out a life and a home for their families. They tamed the wilderness. They braved the elements. They toiled and tilled the soil. They worked the fields. They built the factories. They fought the battles.

They poured out their blood, sweat, and tears to make this country into the greatest nation in the history of the world.

But now, we are a nation in decline. We are a failing nation. We are a nation that has the highest inflation in 50 years and where the stock market finished the worst first half of the year since 1872. Likewise, we are a nation that has the highest energy costs in the history of this planet.

We are no longer energy independent or energy dominant as we were just two short years ago. We are a nation that is begging Venezuela, Saudi Arabia, and many others for oil. "Please, please, please help us," Joe Biden says. Yet we have more liquid gold right under our feet than any other country.

We are a nation that is consumed by the radical left's Green New Deal. Yet everyone knows that the Green New Deal will lead to our destruction. We are a nation whose leaders are demanding all electric cars, even though they can't go far, cost too much, and whose batteries are produced in China with materials only available in China when an unlimited amount of gasoline is available inexpensively in the United States, but it is not available in China.

We are a nation that ended oil exploration and production in the United States just as the price of oil reached an all-time high. What other country would do such a thing? We are a nation that surrendered in Afghanistan, leaving behind dead soldiers, American citizens, and $85 billion worth of the finest military equipment in the world.

We are a nation that allowed Russia to devastate a country, Ukraine, killing hundreds of thousands of people, and it will only get worse. It would never have happened with me as your commander in chief. And for four straight years, it didn't happen. And China with Taiwan is next. We are a nation that has weaponized its law enforcement against opposing political parties like never before.

We've got a Federal Bureau of Investigation that won't allow bad election changing facts to be presented to the public and which offers $1 million to a writer of fiction about Donald Trump to lie and say it was fact and pays a man $200,000 to get Trump, where Hunter Biden's laptop from hell was Russian disinformation, and the FBI knew it wasn't, and the Department of Justice that refuses to investigate egregious acts of voting irregularities and fraud.

And we have a man who is the worst president in the history of our country, who is cognitively impaired, in no condition to lead, and is now casually talking about nuclear war with Russia, which would be World War III and far more devastating than any of the previous wars because of the weaponry that no one even wants to think about or discuss.

We are a nation that no longer has a free and fair press. Fake news is all you get, and they are truly the enemy of the people. We are a nation where free speech is no longer allowed, where crime is rampant and out of control, and like never before, where more people died of COVID in 2021 than in 2020. We are a nation that is allowing Iran to build a massive nuclear weapon and China to use the trillions of dollars it has taken from us to build a military to rival our own.

And just two years ago, we had Iran, China, Russia, and North Korea in check. They weren't going to do a thing against us, and everyone knows us. They had great respect for the United States. And perhaps most importantly, we are a nation that is no longer respected or listened to around the world. We are a nation that, in many ways, has become a joke.

And we are a nation that is hostile to liberty, freedom, and faith. We are a nation whose economy is collapsing into a cesspool of ruin, whose supply chain is broken, whose stores are not stocked and whose deliveries are not coming, whose educational system is ranked at the bottom of every single list. We are a nation where large packs of sadistic criminals and thieves are allowed to go into stores and openly rob them, beat up their workers, kill their customers, and leave with armloads of goods but with no retribution where the authority of our great police has been taken, where their families and pensions have been threatened, and their lives would be destroyed for the mere mention of the words law enforcement.

We are a nation where fentanyl and all other forms of illegal drugs are easier to get than formula for our beautiful little babies, a nation once revered for its magnificent airports, which are now dirty and a crowded mess. You sit and wait for hours, and then you're notified that the plane won't leave, and they have no idea when it will, where ticket prices have tripled, they don't have the pilots to fly the planes, they don't have the qualified air traffic controllers, and they just don't know what they're doing.

We are a nation that has lost its confidence, willpower, and strength. We are a nation that has lost its way, but we are not going to allow this horror to continue. Two years ago, we were a great nation, and we will soon be a great nation again. It was hardworking patriots like you who built this country, and it is hardworking patriots like you who are going to save our country.

We will stand up to the radical left Democrats and the dangerous and unpatriotic RINOs, and we will fight for America like no one has ever, ever, ever fought before. There is no mountain we cannot climb. There is no summit we cannot reach. There is no challenge we cannot meet. There is no victory we cannot have.

We will not bend. We will not break. We will not yield. We will never give in. We will never give up. We will never, ever back down. As long as we are confident, united, and loyal to the cause, the tyrants we are fighting do not stand even a chance because we are Americans, and Americans kneel to God and to God alone.

The silent majority is back and stronger than ever before. My fellow citizens, this incredible journey we are on together has only just begun, and it is time to start talking about greatness for our country again. We are one movement, one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God. So, with the help of everyone here today and citizens all across our land, such great citizens, such great people, we will make America powerful again.

We will make America wealthy again. We will make America strong again. We will make America proud again. We will make America safe again. And we will make America great again. God bless you, and God bless America. Thank you very much. Thank you, everybody.