Wow. Thank you very much. Thank you.

Thank you. What a nice crowd. A lot of people outside, too, trying to get it. I want to thank you very much. This has been a great place for me and for you and for all of us together. We came here together. Cedar Rapids, thank you very much. It's great to be back here and great to be back in Iowa.

Great. You are just 100 days away from the most important vote of your lives. I used to say that about 2016. I said, "This is going to be the most important vote." And it was at that time. And then we went to 2020. We did much better in 2020 than we did in 2016. Got millions and millions of more votes.

So, we're not going to let that happen again with what they did. With your support on Monday, January 15th, we're going to win the Iowa caucuses in an epic landslide and we're going to crush crooked Joe Biden next November and we're going to make America great again, greater than ever before. Very important.

We have some incredible friends with us today. State representatives Brad Sherman. Where's Brad? Brad. Thank you, Brad. Good? Nice to see you. Mark Cisneros. Mark. Thank you, Mark. Thank you very much. And Cindy Golding. Cindy, thank you very much. Thank you very much. State senators Charlie McClintock. Charlie.

Where's Charlie? Hi, Charlie. And somebody that was -- I think in the whole country, he was my first endorser. And I love those endorsers when they're early. When they're late, they're OK, too, but not -- it'll never be the same. It can never be the same. But he was the first in the whole country and he wanted Trump and he said, "You're going to do a good job." And he's a fantastic guy.

Brad Zaun. Brad. Thank you, Brad. What a guy. Looks like -- I call him the Marlboro Man, a handsome guy. And another great friend of mine who did a fantastic job in the administration, acting attorney general of the United States, Matt Whitaker. Matt, thank you. Thank you, Matt. We're here today to talk about how we're going to launch a revival of economic nationalism -- don't be afraid of the word.

We're proud of our country. With the great state of Iowa at the center of the action. We made it the center, too. We won it twice. We ran twice. We won it twice. We won both of them twice. You know what the other one is? Crooked Joe puts China first, Mexico first, Ukraine first, Europe first, Asia first. He puts illegal aliens first, environmental maniacs first, everyone else first.

But he puts America last. He puts America last. He puts our workers last. He puts our industries last. He puts our farmers last, definitely last. The farmers are definitely last. They're first for me, they're last for him. That's an easy vote. He puts your families last. He puts everything -- that's good.

He puts it last. Think of it. It's in reverse order. Open borders, no voter ID, high taxes, high interest rates. We were energy-independent just three years ago. Now, they can't get energy. You got to pay through the you know what. I put America first every single time. A vote for Biden means the future will be made in China.

A vote for President Trump means the future will be made in America, and it will be made right here in Iowa. We're going to take care of you. In generations past, Waterloo, Cedar Rapids, Davenport, Dubuque were a hive of American industry-producing manufacturing giants like Rockwell, Collins, and John Deere.

You ever hear of John Deere? Yeah. Pretty good, right? But over the years, the globalists from Wall Street and Washington have come after you piece by piece with their bloodsucking trade deals, the worst deals. I got to Washington, I say, "Who -- who made these deals?" Brutalizing taxes, job-crushing regulations.

And it's never been worse than right now, under crooked Joe Biden. It's never been worse than this. We're left out all over the world. We're patsies. We're all over the world. They're laughed at. You saw the recent deal, five prisoners, five hostages, right, for five hostages. Plus they got $6 billion. Other than that, it was a very fair deal.

I'll take five. You'll take five. And by the way, give them 6 billion. In less than three years, Biden and the radical left, communists, fascists, and Marxists that occupy his office have piled on job-killing regulatory costs equal to $10,000 per household. You'd never know that. By contrast, under the Trump administration, we cut the cost of job-killing regulation by more than any administration in our history, $11,000 per family.

And thanks to Biden's Green New Deal -- it's a socialist onslaught. That's what it is. Energy costs have skyrocketed and cumulative inflation has reached nearly 20%, devastating workers, manufacturers, and small businesses all across your state, all across our country. Meanwhile, Biden and his ultra-left-wing lunatics continue to push the largest tax hike in American history, $4.7 trillion, a massive gift to Communist China.

You know about that tax hike, don't you? We gave you the biggest tax cut in history, bigger than Reagan's. We gave you the biggest regulation cuts. And for the farmers and manufacturers in the audience, of which there are many, the regulation cuts were probably even bigger and more important than the tax cuts, the biggest ever in history.

For decades, globalist politicians like crooked Joe and Ron DeSanctimonious have been selling out your farms, your factories, your families, and your communities and doing it all to protect foreign labor, to protect foreign jobs, for foreign profits and foreign wages. It's horrible. It's unbelievable. It's not even believable when you look.

Under the Trump administration, we will once again protect our jobs; we will protect our workers; and we will protect our wages, our factories, our farmers, and our cherished, most importantly, way of life. It's a way of life. Under my leadership, for the first time in decades, instead of shipping jobs to other countries, we brought our jobs and factories back home to the USA where they belong.

You know that. I withdrew from Barack Hussein Obama's -- has anybody ever heard of him yet?

Remember Rush Limbaugh? Rush? Go Barack Hussein Obama, remember? Barack Hussein Obama. I withdrew from Barack Hussein Obama's horrendous Trans-Pacific Partnership. It would have been a disaster for you and for all of those people that are in Michigan right now and South Carolina, so many different places that are making cars.

You're doing a little bit less so, but you do a damn good job at farming. But I will tell you, they want to take your car industry away. They're going to take it away. They're going to do the electric vehicle nonsense. You know, you drive --

You put a little circle around your house. You can't go outside the circle. You'll never come back. You can drive it. The first 10 minutes is one of the greatest feelings on Earth. The next hour, you're in trauma, thinking about where the hell are you going to have the car charged. Oh, you had that.

Oh, yeah, you had that. No, we want to have choice in schools and we want to have choice in cars, right? We want gasoline if you want, of anything. You know, they want to make your trucks and your tractors electric, too. Anybody have -- anybody have a nice, big, beautiful John Deere? Raise your hand.

Yes. How would you like to have a big battery attached to the top of it? Bigger than the tractor itself. You know, that's part of the problem. It's got a lot of problems. They want that to be -- they want -- they want our army tanks to be all-electric so that when we go into enemy territory, blasting the hell out of everybody, we do it in an environmentally friendly way, OK? That's what they're doing.

These people are crazy. They are crazy. And they want your trucks. I'm meeting with the trucking industry next week. They want your big trucks. They take these loads so big. And, you know, you have a Peterbilt, some great firms. They make these incredible trucks, these cabs, and they -- they can go for 2,000 miles.

With an electric, you can go for 300 miles and the battery is so big you'll have no room to store anything else. Other than that, it's wonderful. And it doesn't have actually the pull weight supposedly. But think of that. How crazy is it, right? And so, the trucking industry is -- they don't know what to do because there's nobody that -- they don't even listen to them.

Two thousand miles versus 300 miles. You don't have to say anything else. But also, the batteries are massive. You know, I was in South Carolina the other day, the boating industry, and I was with some incredible companies that make boats. And one of them, they said, "You know, there's a problem. They don't want us to go faster than two miles an hour now." Because, listen to this, they don't want to hurt the whales.

There's only been one whale affected in the last 50 years. And yet, they'll build windmills all over the ocean and the whales are washing up on shore at levels never seen before. But they want a battery boat, a fully electric boat. And, you know, you have those beautiful Mercury engines and the other ones, the outboards, and the inboards, and they're great.

The little tiny smell of a little gasoline is OK, right? It's, you know, something because we have more of it than anybody else by far. But they want the boats. I said to the guy, "Well, how do you think it'll work?" He said, "Well, it's a problem because the battery is so big we won't have any room for anybody.

We'll be sitting on top of a battery. And we're not sure that we can make the boat float. It's so heavy." And I asked him and I told this just to one of the group, I said, "So, let's say the boat starts to sink and you're sitting on top of this massive battery and you get electrocuted. Do you get electrocuted?" I mean, I don't want to be near that battery in the water.

The problem is, there may be a shark about 10 yards away. And you know what I said? "I'll take the battery every single time. We'll take electrocution over a shark." But they want to make boats all-electric, too. And it's just crazy. What they're doing is insane. In California, they have blackouts every weekend.

California's a mess. You know, Gavin Newsom is talking about, "Oh, it's one." This guy --

Let me just tell you, California is a complete wreck, and their price just hit $8 a gallon for gasoline, OK? Don't worry about it. You're not that far behind, Iowa. You're hitting an all-time record gas prices right now. You know, he used what we did. We filled up the strategic reserves, and he used that to keep prices low for the election.

And now, it's at the lowest level it's ever been. And that was supposed to be for things like war, not for filling up somebody's gasoline tank. The TPP was a Wall Street hit job on manufacturing and communities. And just like this one, actually, it would have slaughtered millions and millions of American jobs, and I kept you out of it. Ron DeSanctimonious voted for that TPP globalist betrayal of American workers.

You would have had -- you would have lost half of your jobs. And he proudly supported it alongside of beautiful Hillary Clinton. See, we don't call her crooked anymore. We -- we change that now. The very beautiful Hillary Clinton, Barack Hussein Obama, RINO Paul Ryan -- did you ever hear of RINO Paul? We have a new name for him RINO Paul RINO.

We just -- he's such a RINO we do it twice. RINO Paul Ryan. RINO Paul RINO. Joe Biden and the rest of the establishment, these are all people that -- that -- I don't know. Do they hate our country? You look at the things they approve. It's a Washington swamp. DeSanctus is just another globalist backstabber.

But thankfully -- you know, I got him elected. Then they asked him four years later, "Would you run against the president?" He said, "I have no comment." That means he's running. Somebody said, "Sir, don't hit him now. He's a Republican." I said, "I don't care if he's a Republican or not. We're going to hit him." And we did hit him.

He's like a wounded bird going down. I don't know. I hear he's dropping out of the race, by the way, but let's see. But thankfully, I stopped them all and I terminated their TPP disaster my first week in office. I passed the largest tax cuts and regulation cuts in American history by far, ended Obama's war on American energy.

It was a war. Gasoline prices plummeted, and we actually had them down to even $1.57, $1.59 for a short period of time. But we had them at $1.87. We'll take anything under $2. What does that mean for your tractors? Remember, I told you, I said, "I'm going to make a great deal with China. Go out and buy a larger tractor and more land." Remember?

And I came through. But you were with me because we suffered for one year. It was a tough negotiation with them. As you probably know, they're tough negotiators, right? But we got them and we got you $28 billion and we got hundreds of billions of dollars from China for the country. Not one president got $0.10 from China.

Hence, as some people would say, we ended up with the China virus. You know, they weren't so happy with me, but that's OK. We got along with them fine, but they had to pay. And they did. Twenty-eight billion dollars we got the farmers. It's -- that's why I sounded very arrogant. Somebody said, "Sir, please don't take Iowa or Nebraska or Wisconsin or others, farm areas, please don't take them for granted, sir.

It's not good." I said, "Listen, I got them $28 billion from China, and if I sound a little arrogant, I don't see them voting against me no matter what I do." So, I don't want to sound arrogant, but we are leading here by 44 points, so -- and we will not play -- for those people that watch football, we will not play the worst defense in history.

What is the worst defense?

Prevent. Matt's a great football player. We will not play, Matt, prevent defense, you know. Isn't that the craziest defense? A team holds another team scoreless for the entire game. Now, it just needs one more couple of minutes and they go prevent and they lose. You know why it's called prevent defense?

It prevents you from winning. So, we're not going to do prevent defense, OK? Does it actually work? I've never seen it work. I don't think so. We will not play prevent. The economy boomed. We created half a million new manufacturing jobs and household incomes rose by a record $6,000 a year under Trump, right?

I love that mug shot. I love that beautiful woman right there with the mug shot, that mug shot. Can you imagine what they're doing, the weaponization? No, she's got one. They're all over the place. Hopefully, we'll get rid of them fairly soon, too. It's a disgrace. It's a disgrace. They're weaponizing our Justice Department, our FBI, what they're doing, because they can't win fair and square.

Cheated like hell last time. This is a different form of cheating this time. It's called election interference. Smear somebody and then watch him go down. But this is the first time in history. I'm the only man in history that got indicted, and four times, over nothing. But I got indicted, and my poll numbers have gone through the roof.

It's never happened before. It's never happened. Usually, when that happens, a guy goes to the microphone. "Ladies and gentlemen, thank you very much. I will be going home to my family now. I will clear my name. I will clear my name." No, the people get it. These are crooked people. That's the way they want to win.

It's election interference. And if I weren't running or if I were in fourth place, third place, seventh place, which we're not -- we're up -- we're leading by, I think, 62 points overall. We would have had none of this stuff. None of it. None of it would have happened. These are dirty players. They're bad people.

They're not stupid. You know, when you look at some of their policies like open borders, etc., you say, "Are they stupid?" They're not stupid, but they are, I think, really, maybe trying to destroy our country because there's no other reason for it. Now, we're ready to take our American-first economic program to even greater heights.

When I'm elected, we will have tax cuts, regulation cuts, energy price cuts, and interest rates cuts like you've never seen before, even with me. You know what caused the inflation was energy. It's not that complicated. And it also caused Putin to go into Ukraine, although he would have never done it if I was president, even if he did have the energy resources, because, you know, when it went up to $100 a barrel, he makes a fortune on a war.

He'll be the only guy to ever make a fortune on a war. And Biden is the one complaining, but he's the one that drove the energy prices up. So, he caused the war with his stupidity, with his absolute -- look, he's the most corrupt, he's the most -- just the most absolute -- he's the worst president in the history of our country.

He's the most -- he's grossly incompetent. He talks about the war, but he's driving the energy prices up, and Putin's whole economy is in energy. And so, at $100 a barrel, no matter what he spends on the war, that's the way it is. But Putin would have never done it. I met with him many times. Ukraine was the apple of his eye.

But I said, "Vladimir, don't do it, don't do it. If you do it, this is what's going to happen someday." I'll tell you what I said. He said, "No way." I said, "Way, way, way, way." He said, "No way you'll do that." I said, "I will. I swear to you, I will. I'm going to do it." And he didn't believe me, but he believed me 10%, and that's all you needed.

Just that was it. Same thing with President Xi and China. "Don't go into Taiwan." He -- he believed me 10%, too, and that was enough. But, you know, it's -- what's happened is so bad. I think a lot of it started with Afghanistan, the world's -- that was the most incompetent withdrawal in history. They withdrew -- think of it, they withdrew the military first.

Who takes -- you take your citizens out first. You take the people you need out first. Then you get your $85 billion worth of equipment and you get it out, brand-new military equipment. You know, you -- you know, if you look at it, Afghanistan now is, I think, the No. 2 merchant in the world for selling military equipment.

They're selling the stuff we gave them, brand-new gorgeous stuff. I rebuilt the entire military. They gave $85 billion of it away. The good news is we have plenty of others, although we're very low on ammunition. We're low because we're giving so much. It's very, very bad. We are closer to World War III than we've ever been, and I'm the only one that will prevent World War III.

I'm telling you, we are closer to World War III. And that won't be a war with army tanks going back and forth. Sure, that will be a war with weaponry the likes of which this world has never seen before. I know it. I know it better than anybody. And these are weapons -- you'll need God. That's true. He said God.

Well, thank you very much. That's a beautiful -- he said God -- God gave me to you. How nice is that? Oh, I like this man. Wow. Well, I hope that's right.

Oh, great. I hope you're right about that, though. That's a great honor that you even say it. Under the Trump administration, patriotic protectionism. We need protection. You know, some people would say, "Oh, that's such a terrible way." It's not a terrible -- nationalism is not a bad word either.

I'm nationalistic. I think most of the people here. But if you say that to the radical left lunatics, they'll say, "Oh, that's terrible. Conspiracy." But it'll be the American way and the American way of life again. Used to be that way. It's time for a rebirth of loyalty to our country. We need loyalty to our country.

To protect American workers and families, I will impose, and across the board, tariff on foreign-made goods that come into our country. If they're going to come into our country and if they're going to pillage, in many ways, our country or do a good job, they have to pay for the right to come into our country because right now, they're destroying our country on trade.

We have trade imbalances at levels that nobody's ever seen. And I was all set to do it, and then we had the COVID situation and we had other problems. But we're going to do it and we were doing it and we made incredible trade deals. We did so much. I will pass what's called the Trump Reciprocal Trade Act.

That means that if China or any other country makes us pay a 100% or 200% tariff, which, in many cases, they do, we will make them pay a reciprocal tariff of 100% to 200%. We don't do that. We've done it on individual cases where I was able to get it done, but we're going to do it for everybody when they charge us. A lot of countries -- not only China, but you have a lot of countries, they'll sell a motorbike, they'll put a tariff on Harley-Davidsons going into India of 150%, and they sell Indian -- what's called Indian motorbikes, lesser level, and we put a tariff on them of nothing.

But we did a big thing with -- in my administration. And you know what they want? They want Harley-Davidson or whoever to go to India and build a plant. That way, they say, you have no tariffs. Well, we lose all those jobs. So, we're going to -- we're going to hit them very hard, everybody. We're going to hit them very hard.

Reciprocal trade, they put it on us, we put it on them. One of two things is going to happen. We'll collect a lot of money, and that's fine, and so will they. Or they'll drop the tax and we'll drop the tax. And it's simple. You don't have an accounting problem. And as tariffs go on foreign countries, they go up, taxes go on. American workers and small businesses and middle-class families will come way down as we do this because all of this money that will be taken in, all of these jobs that will be taken in -- you know, when you do that, you're going to be opening up plants here and all over the United States.

And that's what China did. And they still do. Didn't work as well with us because I put a very big tax on their cars, tremendous tariff, 50%, because they were -- everybody was moving and moving to China to build their plants. And then they'd sell back into the U.S. and we wouldn't even charge them. So, we changed it around a lot, a lot.

But now, we're going to finish it with the one -- with the big -- I call it the big daddy, reciprocal trade. I will revoke China's most favored nations -- so they get a favored nations. That means they get the whole -- the whole world because they see we're a developing nation. You know what? If you look at some of our cities and everything else, we're a developing nation, too.

Our cities are in bedlam. We're more of a developing nation than they are. They don't have -- they don't have the problems that these Democrat mayors and governors have where they've destroyed their states and they've destroyed their cities. I will revoke China's most favored nation trade status, and we will impose stiff penalties on China and other trade abusers.

We have tremendous trade abusers. They think we're so stupid. They look at this guy Biden, he doesn't know where the hell he is. He can't put two sentences together. He can't get off a stage. There's a -- there's a stair right there. I never understood. He's always looking around. "Where's -- where do I go?" This guy is so -- it's so bad.

Can you imagine President Xi of China? He's sharp. You know, the press hates when I say he's sharp. I actually called him very smart one day. "Oh, he called him smart." You know, he runs 1.4 billion people with an iron fist and I call him smart. They say, "President Trump called him smart." They want me to say he's a stupid man.

They've been ripping us off for so many years. They're very smart. But can you imagine when they meet this guy Biden? I mean, they see him. I see it. I talk to him. They say, "We don't believe -- they think it's some kind of a game that I'm playing. It's like a chess game. They don't really believe this is happening.

They say -- they say, "What's going on here?" Ashley, they say, "What's going on here? Is some kind of a game being played. This can't be possible." The guy can't talk. He just gave a one minute and 15 second speech, that's a big speech for him, on what happened today in Israel, one minute and 15 seconds.

It wasn't one of the most -- it wasn't Winston Churchill, let's put it that way. "Never have so few done so much for so many." This was not Winston Churchill. He was talking about the Spitfire pilots. You know that? The Spitfires, they -- they knocked the German planes, which were bigger, better, stronger.

But the Spitfires were unbelievable, by luck or whatever, but they could turn on a screw. These big, strong, powerful planes, they couldn't fight with them. But he said, "Never have so few done so much for so many." Biden doesn't talk that way. Biden doesn't talk that way. What a -- what a disgrace, what's happened to our country with inflation.

All these things wouldn't have happened if the election weren't rigged. If the election weren't rigged, you wouldn't have Ukraine, you wouldn't have had any of it. You wouldn't have any of it. It's so sad. It's so sad what they've done. And there's plenty of evidence. It's all there. You know it. Not here.

We don't worry about Iowa. But you take a look at those swing states. What they did in those swing states is a disaster. It's a disgrace. Under crooked Joe, we now have a exploding trade deficit in agriculture. Did you know that? Meaning, we are now importing more farm products than we're exporting. First time it's ever happened.

It's not even believable, right? Are you a farmer?

No, but you do -- that's great. I'm not a farmer, but I don't need to be to understand what you just said. That is very good. Wow. Would you like to run for politics someday? I think she's -- I think I have to give you an endorsement. Within hours of my inauguration, I will cancel every Biden policy that is abusing our farmers.

And as your president, I ended the NAFTA disaster, the worst trade deal ever made by our country, and replaced it with the brand new USMCA, that's Mexico, Canada, the best trade deal, they say, ever made in our country. In fact, it's so good -- it's so good they want to -- they want to -- they want to cancel it. They're trying to get a deal with the United States to cancel it. You got ripped off by decades with NAFTA.

Now, we make a deal that is -- it is a one-sided deal, I will tell you that, because we negotiated. I negotiated it, and it's great. You know, you've been ripped off by -- I'll tell you, Canada was very tough to deal with, you know. Canada was tougher to deal with than China. Nobody would believe that, right?

What they did with your milk product and all of your different products, that -- it was like a one-sided deal for years. And now, we have a deal that's great. And I said to him, 'Listen, if you don't make this deal, then I'm not going to let you sell cars into the United States." "Oh, well, we would love to make the deal if you'd like to." They were tough.

They were nasty. So, I say, "Don't do it." In total, I successfully negotiated and renegotiated more than 50 agreements, some of the worst deals I've ever seen. I used to sit back as they gave me a briefing on some of these bad deals with South Korea, with Japan, with a lot of different countries. I used to sit back.

Brazil. I'd say, "Who the hell made these deals?" I mean, it's almost like -- like they weren't even believable. Some of them might go back to the heads of the country and say, "You know, your trade deal with us is very unfair." The guy, "Well, I've been waiting for you to come back and tell us that." They -- they didn't -- nobody ever went to him.

I also fought for Iowa ethanol like no president in history and issued a rule declaring that E15, you remember when I did this, that E15 would be made available all year round. Everyone said, "Oh, you can't do that. Only eight months." No. No. I gave it all year round. And even the equipment, you know, the equipment which they wanted to use the older equipment because it was tens of millions of dollars to change it. I said, "What's the difference?" He said, "The older equipment is better." I had a real expert.

He said, "The older equipment is stronger, better." And I said, "Let's leave it then. Let's leave it. We want jobs." Ron DeSanctimonious is a raging opponent of Iowa ethanol. He spent his entire time in Congress angrily railing against ethanol and fighting to terminate the renewable fuel standard. That's things that are very good for you.

Now, he's on his way to changing his view. Remember this, he'll come out in favor of ethanol, but I think it's -- I don't think -- I mean, he, -- I don't even think he's going to be in second place much longer. In one state, he's in fifth place, five. But they said, "Don't fight him, sir. Please don't fight him.

Even though he was totally disloyal, even though he did that, don't fight him, sir." But I said, "No, you have to fight." You have to fight to win sometimes, right? You have to fight to win. And when people are disloyal, when you get somebody elected and then they go and announce that they're essentially going to run, you fight him. "He's a Republican, sir." I said, "I don't care." I couldn't care less.

And we hit him very hard. He's actually -- he's actually heading south pretty soon, I think. And you have some other people, but -- and I've -- I've heard -- I don't want to speak out of turn. My people, Matt, my geniuses just told me back. Not -- my geniuses haven't predicted that much. My prediction rate is much better.

But they say they're -- they're going to cancel all the debates after Miami. That's what I hear. Makes sense, right? You know, when you're up 62 points, what's the purpose of this thing? They said -- they said, "Why isn't Trump debating? Trump should debate. He should debate." I said, "Wait a minute, I'm up 62 points.

I'm going against a guy named -- I call him Aida. Aida. Aida Hutchinson, nasty guy. He's at zero. Chris Christie is at two points, sloppy Chris. Another one's at one, two. They're averaging like three, and I'm almost at seven -- I'm up by 60 points -- more than 60 points. Why do you debate?" These people -- you want to -- that's right.

You want to elect a smart president, not a stupid president, right? And you know what I did last debate? I went and I had a big meeting in Michigan with the United Auto Workers of America and -- and others. And I told them, I said, "You know, you guys are working on your hourly wage. That's not your problem.

Your problem is the electric vehicle craziness that Biden is putting on everybody, not one car will be made in America within two years. And you got to be careful because that's -- and today I read, their new platform is they don't care about anything. They just don't want that to happen. And I want -- if -- "Sir, if I want gasoline, if I feel like driving for like, you know, cross country, I don't want to stop 37 times.

I don't want to stop 37 times. It's crazy." So, now, the United Auto Workers, I see their biggest thing is the whole EV. They call it electric vehicle thing. And I hope I helped them. But I went there because their leadership should endorse me. They shouldn't -- now, they probably won't because they've endorsed Democrats for the last 290 years.

About 200 years prior to cars coming out, they endorsed -- no, they endorsed -- it's automatic. It's like you endorse the Democrat. But I said, "How can they endorse -- I told these to the workers because the workers are going to be with me 95%. But why should Shawn Fain or whoever -- I don't know -- I don't know the gentleman.

They're trying to put these auto workers out of business. They've lost 40% of their car industry, and not with me, by the way, they were coming back, but over the last 20, 25 years. You know, Mexico took 30% of our car industry away -- our car manufacturing industry away. Why would they not endorse me? The Democrats allowed this to happen, but they're in bed with them.

You know, I can't imagine what would happen. Not a pretty sight, is it? But they're in bed with them. But I think the auto workers are with me because I'm explaining to them. And if they vote for me -- I'm now getting out of the farming stuff for a second, if you don't mind, because you got a lot of people watching on television.

If you auto workers don't vote for me, you're not going to have an industry left because they're going to put you out. And if you do, we will double up our car manufacturing. We're going to double up because we'll tariff cars coming in if they're looking to compete with us, just like we did with Mexico. We said we want 28,000 soldiers or we're going to put tariffs on the cars that you stole.

I mean, they stole 30%, 32% to be exact, of our -- of our car industry -- of our car manufacturing industry over a couple of decades. Biden's insane electric vehicle mandates will totally decimate gas-powered cars. And if it happens, Iowa ethanol is dead. You know, it's dead. You're not going to be needing ethanol, you're not going to be needing gasoline, and you're going to never take a trip that's more than 12 minutes from your house.

It's not going to -- you know what else are going to die? Hotels are going to die. But the greatest business there is -- in fact, I may not run for president. I may drop out to go into this business.

No, I may. I'm sorry. You know what the business is? I'll tell you what because it's so -- the car tow truck business. It's -- I'm going to open up a massive all-over-the-country tow trucks so that when they run out of their energy, I'll tow those suckers right back home. All right? So, if you see me drop out, that could be the only reason I drop out, right?

When I'm back in the White House, I will repeal Biden's ethanol-crushing electric vehicle mandates on day one. It will be one day. And, you know, I want you to have an electric car, and I want you to have a gasoline car, and I want you to have a combination, hybrid. And I want you to do all those things, but you can't have trucks where the truck is not enough.

It carries a load. The entire load is going to be a battery. And it doesn't go far enough. And I was telling the other group, we just spoke in front of a great group of people. Much better than you people. I'm only kidding. But we just spoke -- don't worry, same state, same. But I just spoke -- we just spoke, and I told them, I said, "You know, the trucks, you take a Peterbilt or one of the great trucks, they go -- they can go up to 2,000 miles on a large tank of diesel fuel, but not large like a battery, which has to be about nine times larger, and a truck will go 300 miles." So, one goes 2,000 miles, one goes 300 miles.

What kind of stuff is that? You have to stop six times as opposed to none. So -- and they're forcing trucks to now go all-electric. It's -- you talk about a supply chain problem. Wait until you see this sucker. And you know what? I can say that 100 different times. You can go in and say it to the people in the White House, they'll say, "Thank you very much," and they won't do a thing about it. They are destroying this country.

It's so crazy. The head -- one of the biggest -- one of the biggest truckers in the world, they got many, many, hundreds and hundreds of big, beautiful, most gorgeous trucks. He said, "You know, all my life, every year, we'd buy some trucks. We'd buy, buy, buy, buy. And I have now the biggest -- just about the biggest company, I guess." He said, "Every year, they got better.

They got better. They got stronger. They got more powerful. They were more beautiful. They just got better and better. If this happens, we will be going back 60 years, if this happens. There's nothing they can do about it. Nothing they can do about it." I said, "Have you spoken to the White House?" "They couldn't care less." That's why they're doing all the things in California with that California deal.

Is -- California, on any summer afternoon, is in a blackout. They're in a total blackout. Now, they want to add millions of cars to the grid. You know, it's insane. It's just -- it's just -- it's just crazy. It doesn't work. It's all about something. No, I think it's all about destroying our country, actually, because nobody can figure.

That's the only thing I can't figure out. Why do they want to have open borders with millions of people pouring in, people coming from jails, prisons, people coming from mental institutions and insane asylums, you know? My people say, "Please, sir, don't mention the words insane asylum." "Why?" "Because that's a vicious thing." I said, "That's Silence of the Lambs." You know what that is? Has anybody seen Silence of the Lambs?

Hannibal Lecter, how great an actor was he? You know why I like him? Because he said on television on one of the -- "I love Donald Trump." So, I love him. I love him. I love him. He said that a long time ago. And once he said that, he was in my camp, I was in his camp. I don't care if he was the worst actor, I'd say he was great to me. And no, he was great.

I'll tell you, he was incredible. But that's the insane asylum stuff. That's a step beyond. But mental institutions, insane asylums, jails, prisons, and terrorists, they're pouring into our country. And you go over to South America -- and it's not South America. It's all over Africa. They're allowing all of their prisoners, and they're transporting them into the United States.

We're like a dumping ground. And they're taking them from 129 countries, we think. They don't have any idea. You know, Mayorkas, they have no idea what's happening. I had the greatest guys. I had the safest border in the history of our country. And now, we have the unsafest border in the history of the world because there's never been a country like it. But it's a -- it's a -- it's a horrible thing that's happening and very dangerous.

And, you know, these people are very aggressive people. They drink. They have drugs. There are a lot of things happening. And they're very, very aggressive. I heard a woman talking, a great woman. She lost her son in New York, lost her son horribly, actually. And she's become somewhat of a spokesman, running for Congress now.

Good -- very good person. And she said, "They're infiltrating my neighborhood, and they're so aggressive. They're so strong. They're so -- so vicious. They're so violent. And they drink and they take drugs." Other than that, they're wonderful people, OK? No, this country -- I mean, our country can -- no -- no country can sustain this.

Under a Trump administration, gasoline-fired engines will be allowed, but child sexual mutilation will not be allowed, OK? Crazy. Who ever thought we'd be saying that? Who thought that you'd have some guy up here -- 10 years ago, who would think you'd have somebody up saying, "We will not allow child sexual mutilation." This is the craziest thing.

They don't even tell you about what they're going to do to your kids. This is really -- this is really communism, fascism. These are Marxists. These are sick people. But who would think that? Who would think -- who would think that they would say one of the favorite phrases, "I will not allow men to play in women's sports." Who would think that?

Who would think that? Men, weightlifter, right? A guy lifted 150 pounds more than a woman. It's so demeaning. You know, it's so demeaning to women. The swimming, you see, the records? You know, a record that stood for 20 years is broken by, like, you know, four hours or something. No, it's just crazy what's going on. It's no wonder that the far-left lunatics are getting desperate to stop our movement because they know this is the movement they can't beat.

They'll stop at any means. They'll use law enforcement. They actually now have to revert to law enforcement. As you know, crooked Joe Biden and his radical left thugs have weaponized law enforcement to arrest their leading political opponent, me. Thank you all very much. This is high-level election interference, and it's happening for a single reason, because I'm the only candidate that they do not want to run against.

I'm the only one that shows -- it's hard to believe that because, frankly, the Republican candidates, I could take almost all of them. I mean, some of them, you can really have. But almost all of them are better than Biden. I'm the only one that's polling way above Biden. We beat him. Washington Post the other day came out, 11 up. They actually said nine.

Then they had to change it to 10, and then they actually had to change it. It's the only time -- so they spend a million bucks on this big -- Washington Post-ABC -- ABC is one of the worst, by the way, I got to tell you, one of the nastiest. They always come up with stuff. They're very nasty people. They pretend like they're nice and then they hit you with zingers all the time.

But ABC is bad news. ABC fake news, I call it. It's all fake news. Deface the Nation. Do you watch Deface the Nation? "Ladies and gentlemen, Donald Trump on Face the Nation." Right now, I go, "Ladies and gentlemen, Donald Trump on Deface the Nation." And Meet the Press has been changed. Now, they have a new anchor.

We interviewed with her a couple of weeks ago, Kristen Welker. She was so nice until she started interviewing me. Then she got a little bit hyper, but she was good. In the Marquette poll, voters preferred Trump over Biden by 24 points. I didn't hear that one. Twenty-four points on the economy, 24 points on border security and 23 points on inflation and 19 points on creating jobs and 34 points on the border.

It's a lot because remember, the Democrats start off with like 40. You know, people said -- a friend of mine said -- I said, "Yeah, I'm up 10 or 11 points. And in some cases, I'm up two or three, but we're up." And he's a very smart guy. He said, "How can you only be up two points on that guy?" I said, "Because they started off with a big advantage.

They have certain groups -- we won't say. They have certain groups that vote for them." By the way, a lot of groups, if you look at African American, they're at my level higher than anybody's ever had before. Hispanic American, we are going to probably win Hispanic American. By the way, if that happens, this election is over.

You know, the biggest thing on the election -- because they're going to cheat. They're going to try like hell to cheat. The single biggest thing on the election is we got to swamp them because, you know, there's a level at which, as bad as they are, they're crooked as you can be, but there's a level at which they can't win.

We got to win and we got to swamp them. If we swamp them, we don't have to worry about it. But we also have a lot of good lawyers and a lot of other people looking. But -- because they use COVID. But if you swamp them, that solves a lot of problems. The radical left Democrats rigged the presidential election of 2020, and we're not going to allow them to rig the presidential election of 2024. Not going to allow it. Every time the radical left Democrats, Marxists, communists, and fascists indict me, I consider it a great badge of honor because, thank you very much, I am being indicted for you.

Thanks a lot. I appreciate it. It's always a little tough. I call Ivanka. "Hello, Ivanka." Anybody ever heard of Ivanka? Nice person. Beautiful, nice person. "Hello, Ivanka. Listen, your daddy's going to be indicted today at 6 o'clock. I just -- I didn't want you to see it in the news. I didn't want you to -- I go back, I see our great first lady.

I say, "First lady." I call her first lady. Just kidding. They'll say now, headline, "He calls her first lady. What kind of a relationship is that?" But she's great. She's so popular. People love her, the style, the beauty. The beauty, the style, you're not allowed to talk about beauty, so let's leave that out.

If you say beauty, you immediately lose the election. But the style, the beauty, the whole package. But they love her. I say, "Darling, today at 5 o'clock, I'll be indicted." And she actually said, "Again?" That's pretty cool, right? Again? How many times? Now, I'm the only one that goes up in the polls every time I get indicted.

You know, Alphonse Capone -- did anybody ever hear of Al Capone, the great gangster? He would kill you if he didn't like you at dinner. He would just -- you know, you'd be dead. You're gone. And he only got indicted once, OK? I've been indicted four times. I think I have a record for most indictments quickly.

Considering I never had a problem in my whole life, it's like a record. Most indictments within a 15 minute period. All phony deals, too. How about the one in Georgia? How about that phony one? How about the one in New York? She values Mar-a-Lago at $18 million, and she convinces a judge -- so you don't know what Mar-a-Lago is, but you sort of do. So, some people say it's worth 100 times that number.

She values it at $18 million. And I said, "There's something wrong here." And everybody said that. And it's probably could be a billion, billion and a half, could be more than that. So, it could be 100 times that amount. These are crooked people. This is election interference. These are very dishonest people.

And she has a judge who's a radical left judge. And, you know -- and I don't get a jury. So, even if I had a tough jury, I'd win. But I'm not allowed to have a jury. Nothing to do with checking a box. You know what that do. They said, "Oh," their lawyer. No, you can't check a box. There's no boxes there. They -- they did it under a Consumer Fraud Act.

Can you believe this? Where I did everything right, built this great company. And now, they find out that the company is worth much more than the financial statement and they found out that I have what's called a disclaimer clause, a little complicated, but not too complicated. There was no fraud. They don't know what to do. They don't know what to do. And they've been totally discredited.

And it's a disgrace that a thing like that can go on. It's election interference. Never forget, our enemies want to stop us because we are the only ones who can stop them. We're the only ones. And if we -- if we don't win this election, our country is finished, I hate to tell you. They want to take away my freedom because I will never let them take away your freedom.

I will not let it happen. They want to silence me because I will never let them silence you. And in the end, and this is so true, they're not after me, they're after you, and I just happen to be standing in their way. I'm standing in their way. Thank you. It's a lot of fun. It's a lot of fun up here standing in their way.

But this is not just a campaign. This is a movement. There's never been anything like this in history. You know, I tell about Pat Buchanan, who was a great guy, but he came in, I believe, second in New Hampshire, and he made a life -- because he did so much better than anyone, he made a life out of coming in and saying, "We came in first in every state.

Think of it. We came in first in every state and the islands." You know, the islands count, too. And it's an incredible thing. The level -- so we ran twice. We won twice. The level of enthusiasm now blows '16 and blows '20 away because, now, you're fighting for your lives. You know, you're really fighting for your lives and interests.

And together, we created the most secure border in U.S. history and built nearly 500 miles of border wall. We actually built 561, as I understand it. It's a lot. How about sloppy Chris Christie, he says, "He only built 50 miles of border wall." Because if there's a board laying on the ground from 50 years ago that's rotted and we put up this gorgeous, big, brand-new thing, they say, "Oh, well, that's a renovation." And they had boards all over the place, you know, just rotting in the sand.

But what a bunch of -- what a loser he is, by the way. He suffers from Trump derangement syndrome worse -- I think, maybe worse than any Democrat. "What do you think of the economy?" "I don't like Donald Trump." It's Trump derangement syndrome, Ashley. We completely finished our original plan and then added even more wall.

We built much more. We added much more. It would have gone up within three weeks. It was all there. You see it there. And then I hear they're selling it now for $0.05 on the dollar, $0.05. It's all steel, a very special steel, concrete, and then rebar inside. Inside those bars are concrete and then rebar, very hardened steel.

I wanted to use concrete plank. I'm a really good builder. That was what I did the best. Maybe I still have, probably. Probably do that better than politics, come to think of it. But I'm good at it and -- and you know -- no. So, that's what I wanted. And they said, "No, sir, it has to be steel and you have to be able to see through it. You have to be able to see people coming with the drugs and everything else." I understood, and I gave them exactly what they want.

Even the panel on top, it's called an anti-climb panel. Do you know this? I don't love it -- architecturally, I don't love it, but it works. You know, we had mountain climbers and we had drug dealers. We have guys that can put 60, 70 pounds on their back and climb up these things like a guy like that. See that handsome guy?

Are you with him? This kid is so good-looking. Look at him. How old are you? How -- how old are you?

You are a handsome little devil. So -- but they have guys and they -- they climb up a wall with drugs in their back. And we had all the best guys. Half of them came out of prisons. You know, we'd say, "Come on with us. We want to -- and they couldn't get by the anti-climb panel. So, you know, it was very important.

I just want to let you know why because I -- I loved it without that panel, but it really is very effective, anti-climb panel. But we did it, and we built the wall at the rate of one mile every 24 hours, and we would have had the whole thing finished. We built -- I said I was going to build 400 miles, I built 561 miles, and we would have had another 200. I added 200 at the end.

And all the panels were there. Those are the ones that you see rotting in the sand, and those are the ones you see -- they want to sell them. But then the other day, Biden goes out -- and, you know, if he would have gone to the beach and just left everything alone, if he left our oil alone, if he -- he's got a consultant.

You know, these are all consultants. He's got a consultant that thinks he's very good-looking in a bathing suit. This consultant thinks it's a good look for him to be at a beach at 2 o'clock on a Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday. I don't think -- I don't think that looks too good, Matt, right? You know, we want somebody that works a little bit like I work.

I work hard. But, you know, we want a working president. Also, when you can't get your feet out of the sand and you can't lift -- you know, those chairs are a miracle because they're fairly large and you can lift them like this, right? And he could barely lift them. Just like -- this is not a good look. But if he would have gone to the beach and left the border alone and left inflation alone and left the economy alone, all that, he would have gone down as a great president instead of the worst president in the history of our country.

Now, the fake news is actually trying to give crooked Joe credit for announcing they will build 20 miles of wall, 20 miles. He'll get more credit if he ever gets it done, which I doubt. Did you see the wall? It's like a portable, terrible-looking wall. I think I could climb over the wall that they're looking to build with little help.

I think I could climb over it. It's terrible. It's 20 miles long. If he gets it done, they'll say he did a better job than Trump because that's the way it is because the fake news are a big part. There are a lot of people back there, a lot of cameras. I see those lights go on. You know, any time I'm ready to talk about like CNN, they know it. They've gotten very good at this.

I watched that red light go off, like in two seconds, it's off. The light goes off. But they're using funds. And he was -- he's saying that he was legally required to spend. He had to do it. He had to do it. He had no choice. He had to do it. But all the other things he didn't have to do where he destroyed our country.

So, it's just one of those things. He's -- he's doing it, he said, because he's afraid of being impeached. I said, "What's so bad about impeachment? I got impeached twice and my poll numbers went up." The difference is he should be impeached. He's bad. He's bad. I got impeached -- I got impeached over a phone call, right?

I got impeached over a phone call, which turned out to be perfect. It was perfect. I called it. I called how crooked everything was. But it was mostly a phone call to congratulate a brand-new president at that point, Zelenskyy, nice guy, to congratulate him on winning his -- that was -- I got impeached for that.

And here's a guy who steals tens of millions of dollars and they don't impeach him. But let's see what happens. If you want a president who leaves $500 million worth of wall materials to rust on the desert floor while illegal aliens stampede over them -- they walk right over those panels. They're laying dead on the floor, rotting and rusting.

If you want that in your communities, then you should immediately get up and vote for crooked Joe Biden. Does anybody want to vote for Biden in this audience?

I'm glad you said that. It would be probably dangerous. We could have some danger, somebody who "I'd like to." If you want a president who will seal the border, stop the invasion, and reclaim our sovereignty on day one, then you must vote for President Donald J. Trump, right? And, you know, if you think about it, crooked Joe Biden has three major problems, and they all begin with the letter I: inflation, immigration, and incompetence.

You know, very simple. I sort of like that line. And when I said Mexico will pay for the wall, they did because they supplied us with 28,000 soldiers at our border free of charge. You ever noticed, there was no legal mechanism. How do you get somebody to give you a check for building a wall? But I said to the president, I said, "You got to give us 28,000 soldiers." "No, no, no, no, no, I won't do that." I said, "Well, you got to. I'm sorry.

Otherwise, we're going to have to do something." "No, no, no, we will not do that." I said, "One other thing you have to give us. You have to give us a policy, Stay in Mexico." In other words, nobody can come in. They have to stay in Tijuana, lovely city. They have to stay in Tijuana, hundreds of thousands of people. "No, no, no, we will not do that." "The other thing you have to give us is catch and release.

I want to release them to you." You catch them, release them. We release them in America. I want to catch and release them in Mexico. In other words, I'll catch them and release them here. I want to drop them there. "No, no, no, no, no." So, he sent over his top negotiator to us, and we dealt with the State Department.

You may have heard this story. I told it a couple of times. Dealt with a wonderful woman at the State Department, and I said, "I want them to give us 28,000 soldiers. I want to get rid of catch and release. I want to release them in Mexico. And I want Stay in Mexico and other things, right?" And I want other things.

And she said -- very good woman, she said, "Sir, I've been asking for these things for 25 years I've been in charge. They will not do that." So, the head guy comes in, top guy. I said, "This is what I want. I want 28,000 soldiers. I want catch and release. I want all of these things." And by the way, seven other things that are almost as bad. "No, we will not do that." He looked at me like am I dealing with a fool?

I said, "Oh, you will do that. A hundred percent you'll do that." "No, no, no, I won't" "One hundred percent. Let me make you a bet that you will approve this." "No, no, no." I said, "Let me tell you, if you don't approve it, this was a Friday, on Monday morning at 7 o'clock, I'm imposing a 25% tariff on all of the cars that you stole from us for the last 35 years.

Every car coming into the United States will have a tax or a tariff put on it of 25%. And every other item coming into the United States will have a tax put on of 25%. So, anything coming into the United States, which is hundreds of billions of dollars, will have a tax of 25% starting on Monday morning at 7 o'clock.

And here's the document, and I'll sign it before your very eyes." He said, "Mr. President, may I have five minutes? I would like to go back and make a call." And he did make a call to the president, who I have a lot of respect for, by the way, of Mexico. He's a friend of mine. He's great. He's a socialist, but you can't have everything.

But he's -- no, he's great and he's popular. He's a very good guy. But he comes back. "Sir, I am pleased to inform you that we would love to give you 28,000. We would love to take -- we would love to take MS-13 gang members back into our country. It would be a great honor to have 28,000 soldiers guard your border." I said, "Free of charge." "Yes, sir, free of -- absolutely free.

We would never want anything." Because the money we're talking about is like 10 times. So, with all those idiots that say Trump didn't get anything for the wall, let them know, we got 28,000 soldiers free of charge, plus plenty of other things. We appointed over 300 federal judges and three great Supreme Court judges, and I stood proudly with our friend and ally, the State of Israel.

And I will do it again. You heard about today, the Hamas -- Hamas terrorist invasion. I mean, when you think about -- and what do you think of Hamas? What do you think? Do you know about Hamas?

The terror invasion of Israeli territory and the murder of Israeli soldiers and citizens is an act of savagery that must be and will be crushed and avenged, has to be crushed. Israel is at war and the United States has to support Israel. We have to support Israel. There's been no better president for Israel than me.

And nobody loves Israel more than the evangelical Christians, I will tell you that. This war happened for two reasons. The United States giving Iran $6 billion. How about that deal? We give five terrorists, they give five terrorists, or we get five prisoners, they get five prisoners. Call them whatever you want.

Five and five, OK. I'm sure it wasn't a good deal because like in the case of Russia, one of the people they got back was the leading arms dealer in the history of the world, OK? Leading arms dealer in the history of the world. He's going out now purchasing arms for Russia. A very good trade they made. I'm sure our trade was likewise.

But they added one little caveat, plus we get for them $6 billion. So, we get five and they get five. Sounds good. And they also get $6 billion. And our country's perceived weakness and an incompetent and corrupt leader, Joe Biden, who's laughed at all over the world. He's laughed at all over the world. People can't believe this is happening.

President Xi, who is so smart. So, many of these people, they look, they have a meeting and they say, "This can't be happening." The guy doesn't have a clue. And I predicted the war. A lot of the newspapers -- thank you very much, fellas. They've been very generous to me. I predicted war on Israel immediately after it was announced that Joe Biden gave the $6 billion to Iran.

They got so much money. At this time, Israel and the United States need a very strong partnership and leadership. I've got to have strong leaders. You don't have strong leaders, it doesn't matter how many army tanks you have. In addition to the billions of dollars given to Hamas' top funder, Iran, Joe Biden restored hundreds of millions of dollars to the very corrupt Palestinian entities.

He gave them hundreds of millions of dollars. Many people didn't even know it. I wonder what deal he made. Joe Biden betrayed Israel. He betrayed our country. As president, I will once again stand with Israel, and we will cut off the money to Palestinian terrorists on day one. True. We'll cut it off in day one.

And Biden and Obama were terrible to Israel because they begged him. Bibi Netanyahu came here, begged Obama, begged him. "Please, sir." I mean, he literally -- what? The way he was talking, it was the craziest thing. He was begging him, "Don't do the Iran nuclear deal." I ended it. And if they -- we had our administration, we would have had a deal with Iran already.

It would have been a good deal. They wouldn't have had a nuclear weapon. Now, they're three months away from having a nuclear weapon. And once they have a nuclear weapon, the conversations become much more difficult. This guy, this poor, sad sack of a president that we have will lead us into World War III 100%. I've been -- I've made the -- and I hope that's a prediction that I'm wrong on. But we've never been closer, and we've never been closer than we are right now.

And he tweaks the wrong people at the wrong time. He says the wrong thing at the wrong time if he says anything at all. He's not respected at all. It's a disgrace. They spend all their money with the DOJ on screwing opponents. That's what they do. That's all they're good at. He has -- you are closer to World War III.

And I can say this, if I'm elected, I'm the only one that can say it, you will never have World War III. You will not have World War III. Less than four years ago, we had the historic Abraham Accords, which everyone said, "When will you get your Nobel Peace Prize?" I should have. I had five things I should have gotten a Nobel Prize, but I said, "I'm not going to get one." They gave one to Obama when he got elected.

Two weeks later, they got elected. He didn't -- "Why did I get it? Does anyone know?" He didn't even do anything. He didn't do too much after that either. But today -- think of it. So, just a short time ago, we did the historic Abraham Accords. And today, we have the exact opposite, a major attack on Israel.

What a difference a president makes, right? What a difference a president makes. As president, I also kept my promise to recognize Israel's eternal capital and opened the American Embassy in Jerusalem and got it built. I actually got it built. And it cost $2 billion. I did it for $500,000. You know that story.

I also recognized Israeli sovereignty over the Golan Heights, something that they've been working on for 58 years. They never got it done. I got it done. And I withdrew the United States from the disastrous Iran nuclear deal and we were in a position to make an unbelievable deal. And these guys didn't do anything.

I kept saying, "Are they doing anything?" They didn't do anything. We saved America once before, and I am the only candidate in this race that will save America once again. We're going to save America because we have no choice. We have no choice. So, here's just some of what we'll do when we become -- we, we, all of us together because we -- this is a we effort.

We become the 47th president of the United States of America, I will totally obliterate the deep state, stop the weaponization of our government, and overhaul the corrupt FBI and the very corrupt DOJ from the ground up. In the meantime, I'll keep fighting them off. On my first day back in the White House, I will terminate every open borders policy of the Biden administration and begin the largest deportation operation in American history.

No country can sustain what they're putting us through. And we'll start with the bad ones. And you know who knows the bad ones? Our police forces, our local police forces, they know them all and they know them by name. I will also use Title 42 to end the child trafficking crisis by returning all trafficked children to their families in their home countries, and we'll do that immediately.

It's a terrible situation. On day one, I will sign a new executive order to cut federal funding for any school pushing critical race theory, transgender insanity, and any other inappropriate racial, sexual, or political content on our children. I will not give one penny to any school that has a vaccine mandate or a mask mandate.

And as I said a little while ago, I will keep men out of women's sports. We will do that. Doesn't that sound like a very easy one? I can't even believe they give me thunderous applause. "I will keep men out of women." And I say, "Can you believe I'm even saying this?" It's almost easy to be a politician now.

You have things that are just so ridiculous, right? Just as I did for four years, I will fully uphold the Second Amendment. We will restore free speech. And I will secure our elections, totally secure. Our goal will be one-day voting with paper ballots and voter ID, right? One-day voting, not 48 days, not 62 days.

They have thousands of ballots lying all over the floors. "Get me some more ballots. Where are they?" They're on the floor over in the corner. They take a tractor, they scoop them up, and they drop the whole thing. But until then, Republicans must compete and we must win. So, in conclusion, this is what we must do to restore our country to greatness.

The USA is a mess. Our economy is crashing. Inflation is out of control. China, Russia, Iran, North Korea have formed together as a menacing and destructive coalition. Our currency is crashing and will soon no longer be the world standard, which will be the single greatest defeat that we've had in over 200 years.

That will be a disaster, and it's happening. But it won't happen with me, not even a chance, just like Russia would never have invaded Ukraine, and China would not be even having a thought about raiding Taiwan, not even a thought. And we would have left Afghanistan with dignity and strength. I'm the one that got it down to 2,500 people after 21 years.

But I would have kept Bagram, the biggest military base, air force in the world, the biggest runways, most powerful runways in the world, 20,000 feet long, eight feet thick, can carry anything. But not because of Afghanistan, but because of China because that's where China -- one hour away is where China makes its nuclear weapons.

And you know who's occupying Bagram right now? China. They took it over. We built it, spent billions of dollars many years ago. And that's our greatest embarrassment -- in my -- in my opinion, the greatest embarrassment in the history of our country, what happened with Afghanistan. Do you know that I spoke to the leader of the Taliban, and I said, "Abdul, you're killing our people.

You're not going to kill them any longer." Very rough conversation. He called me your ex -- "Yes, Your Excellency. Yes." And the press went crazy when they heard I called him. In fact, I invited him over to the White House, but we -- but what he did is he killed three or four people to show that he was leading with strength.

So, I canceled the meeting. I mean, he actually killed. Remember that? He killed four people just before leaving. I said cancel the meeting. He wanted to show me that he was dealing from strength. This is a whole different deal. These people are -- is a whole different deal. But I said, "Abdul, if you do anything, we're going to hit you harder than any country has ever been hit before." "But why -- but why do you send me a picture of my home," he asked me. I said, "Abdul, you have to ask other people that question.

But you'll be hit harder than anybody's ever been hit by our country." From that moment on, we didn't lose one soldier. Eighteen months, not one soldier in Afghanistan, not one soldier was hurt or shot at. Nobody was shot at. Nobody was hurt. Then we had a rigged election, I got out, this totally incompetent person took over, and they left from the wrong airport.

They should have left from Bagram, where you have miles and miles of territory around it. It's a real fort. They said they'd leave from this little thing where the people went crazy. But they should have left from Bagram. But they should have left with dignity. They should have left with strength. We were -- we were so strong.

The Taliban had a fear of the F-16. Those F-16s would come roaring over their heads, and they just said, "Get me the hell out of here." And now, they own those F-16s. They took them. This person allowed them to take them. And I said, "When we get out, we take every screw, every bolt. We take every little tent, we take all the big tents.

We take the army tanks, the planes. We take everything." And I had a couple of guys like this guy Milley. What a -- what a stupid person he is, Milley. No, he's a stupid. "Sir," he said to me, "it's cheaper to leave the equipment than it is to take it." I said, "Let me ask you something, Milley. So, we have $100 million, $150 million airplane.

We fill it up with a little tank of gas, we fly it to Pakistan, or we fly it home. You think it's cheaper to leave it?" "Yes, sir. I think it's cheaper." So, I know where Biden got the idea, from these people. They're stupid people. You know, we have great military, like I defeated ISIS. Everyone said you couldn't defeat.

I did it very quickly, right? I did that with great generals, but not the guys you see on television. We defeated ISIS, and we did things that nobody thought were possible. Our military is great, but our leadership at the top, and especially the television guys, they're terrible. But we have unbelievable generals.

We have some amazing people. Our military is great. But what happened in Afghanistan is the single most embarrassing day in the history of our country and it's why Putin went into Ukraine, because he said, "These people are weak and they're stupid. They're weak and they're stupid." He would have never gone into Ukraine.

If you took the five worst presidents -- and I say this all the time. But I think, now, I'll change it. You could take the 10 worst presidents, they wouldn't have done the damage that crooked Joe Biden has done. What -- the damage he's done to this country, and he's doing bigger damage with his election stuff because this is big stuff.

It never happened. That's a Banana Republic stuff that's going on. You know, you see this -- this crazy -- this crazed lunatic in New York, the attorney general. She's like a crazed lunatic. We found more tapes. "I will stop him. I will stop him. I will -- then she said, "Oh, yes, I could be impartial." She's a lunatic, and she's pushing the judge around.

The judge, I think -- I actually think the judge could be fair. He's very ultra-left, but I think he could be. But she's pushing the judge around into doing really foolish things. And we had a great ruling yesterday from the appeals courts and all. But he's pushing -- she's pushing the judge around, and it's a disgrace.

We're a failing nation. We're a nation in decline, very serious decline. Who would have thought this? And now, these radical left crazy people want to interfere with our elections by using that same law enforcement that we've been talking about. It's totally corrupt, and we can't let it happen. If you want to save America from crooked Joe Biden and the radical left, then every patriot you know, you have to make sure you go out and register Republican.

You have a very big, powerful election coming up. It's called a caucus here. And get them out to vote in their local precinct. And you have to get out and vote, 7 p.m. on Monday, January 15th, local caucus.

We're asking you to commit to caucus and bring five or seven or 10 people. Bring as many people as you can because we have to win big. Now, this is just the primary, and I think we're in great shape in the primary. But it sets a tone for the general election. And in this state, well -- I mean, I think -- I don't want to sound again like I was telling you before, but I think we're in great shape.

But it sets a tone. It's very important. Sign up at ia.donaldjtrump.com and get involved. So, 2024 is our final battle. It really is. It's our final battle. We've got to win it. If we don't win it, I'm not sure there's a battle left. I'm not sure you can take -- you know, if you look at countries that have gone bad -- I used to say in 2016 and a little bit in 2024 that we will not be a socialist country, remember? "We will not be a socialist country." And I did it in front of Congress, State of the Union. "We will not be." And I was right because we skipped socialism.

We're into communism, fascism, and Marxism. With you at my side, we will demolish the deep state. We will expel the warmongers, the people that love to go to these countries and blow the countries up. And we'll get them out of our government. We'll drive out the globalists. We'll cast out the communists, Marxists, and fascists, and we'll throw off the sick political class that hates our country.

We will rout the fake news media. We've got to rout them until they do their job properly. You know, they're supposed to be like the police. They're supposed to watch over corruption. But they're more corrupt than anybody there is. And that's why their approval rating, I'm very proud to say, during my time, it was at an all-time high before I got elected because people didn't know them.

And now, it's at the lowest it's ever been. It's lower than Congress. Can you believe that? I'm extremely pleased to tell you that I was responsible for that. But they have to clean up their act because nobody believes them. That's why their ratings are all going down the tubes. That's why nobody buys any of their -- their stuff.

You take a look at CNN, it's got no ratings. Oh, the red light just went off. OK, turn it on, I'm finished with you. MSNBC is -- is a horror show. It's just an absolute horror show. And people have just lost tremendous respect. Fox is way down, too, by the way, 35 points down because people feel they don't -- they're just not like the old Fox.

They're just not like the old Fox. So, we all know what that means. But we will evict Joe Biden from the White House and we will finish the job once and for all. The great silent majority is rising like never before. And under our leadership, the forgotten man and woman will be forgotten no longer. With your help, your love, and your vote, we will put America first and we will quickly and strongly make America great again.

Thank you. Thank you, Iowa. God bless you. God bless you. Thank you very much. Thank you. Great.