Well, thank you very much. Thank you very, very much. And I have to say a big hello to Lee County and hello to Fort Myers. Big support. You've been there from the beginning. I'm thrilled to be here with the proud, hardworking patriots of the great state of Florida. It's a great state, great place. I want to thank Lee County chairman, top chairman.

What a job that Michael Thompson has done and hosting tonight's Lincoln-Reagan dinner. So Michael, thank you very much. Thank you very much. Fantastic guy. And thanks, as well to very special people. A man I got to meet before he did this whole political thing. And I said, that guy should run for office.

His name is Byron Donalds. Did anybody ever hear of him? Anybody? Where's Byron? What a fantastic man and what a fantastic -- where is he? I see him, he's that big guy. I'm not going to mess around with him. Thank you very much. And he is a lot of courage to I want to tell you that. And another man of great courage, and he's the only man to ever hit a home run in the game against the Democrats in a major league park.

He knocked the hell out of the ball wearing a Make America Great Again hat. He is strong. He's powerful. He's a great guy. You got two big winners here, Greg Steube. Greg. And these endorsements, these two endorsements were very special to me. These are strong, brilliant guys with a tremendous future. I was greatly honored to receive them just recently.

And thank you very much, Byron. Thank you very much, Greg. Where's Greg? Thank you very much, Greg. Thank you very much. I also am delighted to receive the endorsements. A lot of endorsements from some great people. Ten other Florida congressmen, congresswomen, representatives Gus Bilirakis, Vern Buchanan, Daniel Webster, Matt Gaetz.

He's been -- he's a fantastic guy. Another fantastic guy, Brian Mast. John Rutherford, Mike Waltz, Carlos Gimenez, Anna Paulina Luna. And another one very brave guy, Cory Mills. So I just want to thank all of you. It's amazing. We received all of these endorsements and so quickly. And I'll tell you what, especially you two people, you are special people.

We're also pleased to be joined by the national committeeman, Peter Faiman. Peter, thank you very much. Big thing you're doing. Great job. Florida Republican Party Chairman Christian Ziegler. Christian. Where is Christian? It's a great, great job. Lee County commissioners, Cecil Pendergrass and -- he's popular.

He's going to be running for something very soon. I can see that. And Mike Greenwell. Thank you, Mike. Thank you, Cecil. Along with a friend of mine and a very brave, brave person. Somebody that got it very early and went through hell, and he handled it like a brave man he is, General Michael Flynn. Where is Michael?

Thank you, Michael. Brave guy. Great guy. You stay in good health, Michael. Get ready, OK? It's not long year and a half Michael, just stay healthy. And another one that we love Michael Caputo. Michael, thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you very much, Michael. Appreciate it. Great job you've done. Rogan O'Handley.

Where's Rogan? Rogan, thank you very much. Beautiful, beautiful family. And a friend of mine for a long time. He only likes politics. If you ask him about how are the Yankees doing? He has no interest. If you ask him almost anything. He likes politics and he's a professional at the highest level, Roger Stone.

Where is Roger? Thank you, Roger. For seven years, our MAGA movement, the greatest in political history, there has never been anything like this, has been engaged in an epic struggle against all the evil and sinister forces trying to destroy our country. That's what they're trying to do. Together we stand up to the globalists.

We stand up to the Marxists. We stand up to the crooked Democrat prosecutors and politicians. And they are crooked and they are dangerous, and they're so bad for our country. And we stand up to the RINOs. And there are problems. Sometimes you're better off with the Democrats. At least you know where they're coming from, right?

The RINOs. But they're a -- I think they're a shrinking breed. I think I hope we got to get them the hell out. The communists and the anti-energy extremists. They are anti-energy for whatever reason. Who the hell knows? What are they doing? We were energy independent. Just -- a few years ago, we were going to be energy dominant within six months, more than Saudi Arabia, more than Russia put together.

We stand up to the open border and the environmental fanatics, the fanatics and pro-China special interests, and we stand up to all those people back there, the fake news media. We put workers first, we put families first. And above all, we put America first. We put America first. Before we revolutionize politics and redrew the political map in 2016, a redrawing like nobody had ever seen before.

Like nobody even believed Republicans were on the verge of losing this nation forever. Barack Hussein Obama.

Came into office and soon had 60 Senate seats. You remember those days? In 2012, Mitt Romney lost Florida, Ohio, and Iowa by a very large margin. He didn't fight hard. I can tell you that. Winning Michigan, Wisconsin or Pennsylvania was totally impossible according to everybody. It couldn't be done. You can't do it. That means the Republican Party wasn't going to win at all.

It wouldn't exist. Frankly. Republicans were a party known for starting wars overseas, for cutting Social Security and Medicare at home, and pushing mass amnesty for illegal aliens. Our party was looking at eight long years of crooked Hillary Clinton in the White House.

Six or seven radical left justices on the Supreme Court. Hundreds more Marxist and Communist judges on the federal bench, and no path to victory in the Electoral College. We were given no shot. You know, people don't remember. Just before the election in 2016, we were given no shot. Remember? They were saying he's got a 4% to 3%, and then we'll go out to rallies where you'd have 55, 60, 70,000 people show up. I say, what do you mean?

And it's bigger today than ever before. And just to make you feel good outside, we passed thousands and thousands of people. This is supposed to be a small, intimate little gathering. And you said every record, but outside you have thousands of people that would like to be sitting right where you are. So there's a great feeling in this state and there's a great feeling in this country, like, I don't think we've ever had because they've seen how bad, how bad the Biden administration is. It just makes it even stronger.

They can't believe it. Nobody can believe the open borders that no voter ID, the high taxes. The whole thing. I mean, just go point after point. To put it simply, on Election Day 2016, we didn't just save America, we saved the Republican Party. We did. On that magnificent night, and we actually should have had two of those magnificent nights, because the one a little bit later, four years later, we got 12 million more votes.

We should have had two of them, but it was rigged and stolen and we know it. You know it. Everybody knows it. But in 2016, I was the first Republican since 1988 to win Michigan, the first since 1988 to win Pennsylvania and the first to win Wisconsin since 1984. Remember that. Nationwide, I flipped over 200 counties that voted twice for Barack Obama.

Think of that. Over 200 counties. In Wisconsin alone, 14 counties swung from Democrat to Republican by 20 points or more. Never happened before. That's never happened before. Then, despite four years of deranged opposition, these people are sick like no other president has ever faced. I'm still facing it. We did even better the second time than we did the first.

Getting more than the 2020 -- I mean, nobody's ever had more than any sitting president has ever gotten by a lot. Never taken place anything like that in the history of our country. I got more votes. We got 12 million more votes than in 2016. Almost 10 million more votes than Barack Obama got in beating Mitt Romney by a lot.

And 1.5 million more votes than all Republican candidates for the House of Representatives combined. We got 1.5 million more votes than all. And again, except you don't see that tabulation. We did much better in 2020. And Florida, I got 1.2 million more votes than your successful governor's campaign. You know that.

We got 1.2 million. So, I'd love to have your support, sir. I'd love to have your support. I'm down at about three. I'd love to have your support. All right, let's think about it. And there was, like, a rocket ship after I gave it. Otherwise, right now, you'd have a lawyer someplace looking for business.

If that. Across the country, Biden won 551 counties. Think of this. Nothing like this has ever happened before. Usually, it's very equal or -- but the winner always had the most counties. So, Biden had 551 counties. I had 2,588 counties. That's all divided up throughout the whole country. So, a lot of people said, what's that all about, Byron?

They said, what's that all about? How does that happen? Well, you have five times more, but you lose. You lose. Not to happen. Doesn't happen that way. For generations, the great state of Florida had been among the most hotly contested swing states in the nation. But today, Florida is no longer a swing state because we turned it into a red state.

And we had a great rally for Marco Rubio just a little bit before the election. It was an incredible rally. By the way, the single greatest rainstorm I have ever seen. I don't know if anybody watched. That was the end of that suit that even wiped out a MAGA hat, and I thought they were indestructible. That was the hardest rain I've ever seen.

We fought through it, and Marco went on to do very similar numbers to your governor. He did a great job, and that rally was something that was absolutely incredible. Iowa and Ohio have also moved from solid purple to deep red, and that was during this last short period of time under your president. We got more votes in 2020 from Hispanic Americans, African Americans and Asian Americans than any Republican in more than 72 years.

And along the border in Texas, which is mostly Hispanic. We won everything, every single county. We won everything, which hasn't happened since, listen to this one, the Civil War hasn't happened. We want everything along the border, so we are making tremendous progress. In 2024, the path to victory is clear.

We have to finish what we started. We were doing things that nobody thought possible. We have to finish what we started and that means on the world stage also, because the world is laughing at us, the world is taking advantage of us like they have never taken advantage before. They didn't do that with us. You would have never had what's happening in Ukraine.

Russia would not have attacked and China wouldn't be talking about Taiwan. So we have to see this evolution through to its completion for many more reasons than that. We're going to save our party. But we really, we're doing something much more even than that. We have to save our country. We have a year and a half to go. We have to save our country.

Our country is in serious trouble. I don't believe we've ever been in a more precarious position than we are right now. And a lot of that has to do with the power of the weaponry. You don't want to mention the word, but it's nuclear. And the power of this would be something so devastating. And we have a person in there that has no idea what he's playing with.

The old Republican Party of RINOs, neocons and globalists is gone. And it's never coming back, never going to come back. There aren't enough people. There aren't enough. The polls show clearly that the people are with us in this fight. And I think what I'll do is I'll show you. I'll have them put up on the screen.

But one just came out that is so incredible. And they're coming out left and right. But the Clarity Campaign national poll just came out about two minutes before I walked on the stage. I said, let me see that poll. I said, how do you get that poll up so fast? But Justin and the team did it. They get it done where we lead by 45 points.

You see what it is, 65 to 20 to four, to four, to one, to one, to one, to one. That's a good pole. And we beat Biden by so much. In last week's Morning Consult poll, I led the field by 33 points 56 to 23, to five, to four, to one. And in the brand new came out last night. In fact, Greg and Byron were with us last night.

We celebrated all of these incredible people that are endorsing us. It's a big thing. To me, it's a big thing because I have a lot of respect for these people. And this came out just as we were meeting. The Harvard/Harris poll has me up 35 points. With Trump, 55, and somebody else at 20 and heading south.

The McLaughlin poll has us up 33 points with Trump at 63. Remember in 2016, I used to always go over polls, but only if they were good. I didn't do the bad ones. They were bad. I'd say, that's not good enough. Get rid of that one. But we had won a Florida poll. This is one I really like and it's a respected poll of many, many people.

The Florida Voice poll 80% for Trump and 16% for DeSantis. In Texas. Great state, great, great state. They love the job we did. We had the safest border in the history of our country, and now we have the most unsafe border, I think in the history of the world. No third world country would allow what's happening to our country to happen.

No third world. They would stand there with sticks and stones. What they're doing to our country, they're destroying our country. In Texas, it's Trump 52 to 20 to five to four. In South Carolina, we have a 22-point lead. And that's because you have a lot of people from South Carolina that are running or thinking about it. They were in the poll.

Good people. In the new J.L. poll of New Hampshire were ahead by 33 points, with Trump at 51%. I wish the governor ran for the Senate by the way, of New Hampshire. That would have been very nice, but he's around seven, so we're doing very well there. And the new victory poll of Iowa, it's Trump at 54%. And we're leading Biden by a lot.

Seven points in Rasmussen, seven points in Harvard/Harris. We just had another one come out. We're leading Biden by 11. To me, 11, I don't understand. That doesn't sound like a lot, right? You'd think we'd be leading by 30, 40 or 50 points. I can't imagine that. But they have a built-in base, you know -- they have a built-in voter base that get a vote for him no matter who it is. It's incredible, but a lot of them are actually coming to our side and that's maybe more incredible.

These numbers are one of the main reasons the Marxist left is coming after us, and they're using the criminal justice system for massive election interference. That's what they're doing. They see. Do you think they'd be coming after me over no charge? Did you see what it's been said? There's no crime. I got indicted for no crime.

They're all saying. Even the Democrats. Well, we don't see this as a crime. There is no crime. You know, a friend of mine said you probably the most honest person to ever be president. They've gone over 11. Think of this. Over years, they've gone over 11 million pages of documents and they came up with no crime.

Think of it. Friends of mine that are big business people said if they ever did that to me, we'd go away for life. They go away for life. They can't believe it all these years. You remember the tax returns? We won his tax returns. Years and years. They fought, we won. When we gave them the tax returns. That was the end of that.

You never heard one word. They said, he's rich. Good. He's rich. Of course, to them that's a bad thing. They want to weaponize law enforcement to interfere with our elections through the use of the DOJ, the FBI, attorney generals and local district attorneys. You saw the scam today with the 51 intelligence officials.

You see that? They lied and they lied during the debate. He lied during the debate. Fifty-one intelligence agencies have said that his computer, with all of the pornographic stuff, and it was Russian disinformation, and they knew it wasn't. They lied. And this was just a few days before the election. And that's election interference.

That's frankly -- that's cheating on election, just like when they stuffed the ballot box. And then, you had the FBI two months ago, they got caught where they were telling Facebook and Twitter what to do. Remember that? That's also cheating on the elections. They know they cheat. They cheat. The Republicans, frankly, keep it that way.

But the Republicans don't know how to cheat. They cheat. They will cheat. And if they didn't, they couldn't win anything because frankly, who the hell wants open borders and all of this stuff that they promulgate, including things that we'll be talking about in just a minute. But in the end, they're not coming after me. They're coming after you, and I'm just standing in their way.

I just happened to be here. And I'll never leave. I'll never leave. We're going to do things that 2016 --

Thank you, darling. 2016 was an amazing -- remember that night? How exciting was that night? Just put yourself. Check them up. That had to be. Remember? She had a 96% chance of winning. And then, Trump won Florida. And Trump won North Carolina, South Carolina, Pennsylvania all the way. We ran up the coast.

We won everything. We won. And you remember they were saying 95%. Then they're saying, well, it's 91% now, but that's OK. Whoops. They just won another one. We won Wisconsin 84%, 79%. These were the chances of her winning started at 95, 96%. Then it was down to 75. Then it was down to 69. Then it was down to 61. And then, they started going in the fake news.

What the hell is going on over here? But they said, but we're definitely going to win North Carolina because that's our firewall. And then, they lost North Carolina. They're down to 54. Now they're getting nervous. And then, it was over. But that was one of the most exciting evenings in history. I think it had the largest television audience in history.

And we have to do that again because a victory for us will be as big. I don't say anything is going to be bigger because that -- we turn things. We did things. We rebuilt our military. Largest tax cuts ever. Largest regulation cuts ever. Right to try -- how about right to try for people that are terminally ill and very ill.

We were able to get them to use drugs. What we did for Israel was incredible. Jerusalem and Golan Heights building the embassy. Don't forget, I saved 2 billion when I built the embassy. You remember that story? Sir, would you please sign this? What is it? After we got everything approved, this is $2 billion.

For what? What is that for, general? We're going to build an embassy in Jerusalem. I said 2 billion. That's a lot. You know, I'm envisioning a one-story building. How do you spend $2 billion on a one-story building? The people of Florida don't do that. I can tell you the people of Florida would spend about $2 to build a one-story building.

Especially the people in this room. They know how to spend their money. But I'll never forget. I'm talking to my people and I'm saying, you know, we're never going to get this thing built. It's going to be years and years. Do we have any buildings, any good locations? They were going to buy a piece of land for hundreds of millions of dollars.

Somebody was going to get very rich and I didn't sign it. And it said -- I said, you know, we were there for a long time. Sir, we have a beautiful piece of land. Does it have a building on it? Yes, it does, sir. The building is beautiful. It needs a lot of renovation. I said, I love renovating buildings.

You make a lot of money renovating buildings because you save on the foundations and the structure and the exterior of it's good and lots of things. And I'll never forget. I told our ambassador, I said, get me some cost. We want to build a beautiful embassy. A friend of mine, very successful in his office.

He has Jerusalem stone. And every time I see his office, I go up, he says. Before I was president. He said, Donald, look at this wall opposite the elevators. This is Jerusalem stone. He's Jewish. She said she was there. You might have been there. What were you doing there? This is Jerusalem stone. Isn't it beautiful?

And after saying to me about 10 times on 10 different visits, I say, I know it's Jerusalem stone. Let's go. But when this happened, here we are in Jerusalem. And I said to my people, I said, you know what? I have an idea. Let's build the embassy, cover it up and build it everything in Jerusalem stone. And I asked the head contractor, I said, can you do that?

Absolutely, sir. Jerusalem stone is not expensive. We're in Jerusalem. We built the embassy and opened it. And you're never going to do better. You can spend $2 billion. You're never going to build. It's beautiful. We built the embassy in four months. We got it open. So we not only approved it with all that goes with Jerusalem, which was such a big thing, but we also got it built.

It would have maybe never gotten built, but it would have taken years and years and years and we had the best location. We have a beautiful, beautiful building. We opened it in four months. And so, we not only did that where Jerusalem, by the fact that the embassy is there, becomes the capital, but so many other things we did.

One of the biggest things we did for Israel was the horrible, horrible Iran nuclear deal. But this administration blew it. They allowed them to get away with all of the things that they're doing, and it's a very dangerous situation. Had we -- assumed office continued in, we would have had a deal within one week with Iran and they wouldn't have a nuclear weapon, which now they're very close to getting.

And Israel has to be very, very careful. But if you look at the Abraham Accords, where we have really normalized relationships with four very important countries. It would have been right now. By this time, it would have been everybody. We would have had total peace in the Middle East. It's amazing what's happened and how they blew it. We have people that are grossly incompetent right now in office.

And frankly, the good thing about that is making us look better. There is more spirit. When you see one of the officers said, we've never seen crowds like this outside of this building. One of the reasons is that they're so bad, we're good and they long for those days, but they're so bad when they look. And the comparison is so incredible, so powerful.

While conservatives, Christians and patriots are being persecuted, the horrendous corruption and lawbreaking of the Biden crime family is not just ignored, it's covered up. I mean, they're covering it up. Those people are covering up the fake news and DOJ is covering it up. What Congressman James Comer and Jim Jordan have revealed about the Biden crime family would be Watergate times 10. If this news was revealed 10 years ago, this is much bigger than Watergate.

This is much, much -- millions of dollars coming in from China and Russia and Ukraine into the family. And they don't want to even write about it. We don't have a democracy anymore. We don't have a democracy anymore. We don't have a free press anymore. We don't have. They don't want to write about the biggest story.

This would be the biggest story of our time. I mean, if I were a journalist, I'm an ambitious guy. We're all ambitious, right? We're ambitious because we want to do the right thing. That's why I'm ambitious. I want to make America great again. We had it great. We had it great. That's my only ambition. But to see what's going on and to have nobody do anything and nobody writes stories, I mean, other than certain outlets, nobody wants to even talk about these things.

And these are massive, certifiable crimes. But they go after us. They go after Republicans and conservatives, and they go after evangelicals like never before. These are sick people, and we have to win, and we have to put an end to it. Our press is fake and it's corrupt at a level never seen before. We don't have a real press.

You know, they used to be like the watchdog. They were detectives. They were incredible. Even if you didn't like them. And if they were liberal and they saw stuff like this going on, they'd want to win the Pulitzer Prize. They'd want to win whatever. The Pulitzer Prize is corrupt. How about they got -- for their reporting on Russia, Russia, Russia, they got Pulitzer Prizes, New York Times, Washington Post.

Actually, I'm suing them because I want them to turn back the Pulitzer Prize because their reporting. But think of it. And it says, for the fine and accurate reporting on the Russia, Russia, Russia scam was a scam. It was made up by the Democrats. It was made up by the DNC, crooked Hillary Clinton, Adam 'Shifty' Schiff.

It was made up by these people. And I say this on occasion, but -- I have very good children. They really are. They work hard. But think of this. Adam Schiff comes out from a very important meeting where they're looking at the Russia, Russia, Russia hoax. Now, he made it up along with these people, DNC, Democrat National Committee, Democrats, crooked Hillary Clinton.

It's made up. So they know it's made up. It's a fake story. They now say it's a fake story. Even the New York Times, Washington Post say it. OK, it was fake. Then they go into the next one, you know, they take about two hours and then they say, all right, what are we going to do now? These are corrupt people.

It's a fake story. Adam Schiff walks out to a big bevy of cameras and he says about my son. Donald Trump Jr. will go to jail for what he's done with Russia. Now think of it, he said, my son is going to jail over a fake deal that was made up by the Democrats, and it was made up because they wanted to save face when they lost the election.

So they blamed it on Russia. They said Russia cost us the election. And then, what happened is it got carried on. And then, another day and another day and another day. This started as a one-day deal. This was going to be a one-day excuse for having them lose an election that everybody thought they were going to win, and that went on for two years, but they knew it was fake.

And he says, Donald Trump Jr. will go to jail. What kind of a human being would say that the president's son is going to jail? And they know the story is fake. How bad are these people? These are bad people. These are bad people. As the endless witch hunts and persecutions reveal, our enemies are desperate to stop us because they know that we are the only ones who can stop them.

We're going to stop them. And they are not happy about it. And they've been caught. Remember, they spied on my campaign and a Bill Barr had any courage instead of worrying about being impeached by the Democrats. These people would have all been taken care of. But we have to do it a different way if he had courage.

We need people with courage. He had no courage. He didn't want to be impeached. Sir, I don't want to be impeached. I said, "What's wrong with being impeached? I got impeached twice and my numbers went up." He wasn't a brave person. He wasn't a bad person. Now he sits back and pontificates and says, "Oh, Trump this and Trump that.

The man didn't have courage. He didn't have courage to go out and do what you had to do with respect to the election and the election numbers. The US attorney in Pennsylvania said Bill Barr would not let him investigate Philadelphia. Would not let him do it. Because Bill Barr was afraid that Nancy -- crazy Nancy Pelosi was going to impeach him, and he didn't want that.

And we need people with courage. We need a -- we don't need bu*****t artists. That's what we had. But we had great people. We had some incredible people. Because, you know, when you think we rebuilt our military, we created Space Force, we knocked out ISIS. But ISIS now is making a comeback, unfortunately.

But we knocked out 100% of the caliphate, knocked out 100% of it. Incredible stories. We have incredible soldiers, incredible military. But they're trying to turn them woke. And we're not going to let that happen. But unlike other politicians, the harder our enemies hit me, the stronger and more determined I get, like you do in this room.

And when I stand next to hopeless Joe Biden on the debate stage. Assuming he goes to the debate stage. Because I don't know. I don't think he will. I don't -- I personally don't think he will, but let's assume he does. We're going to compare our records and it will be the radical Democrats worst nightmare.

They have the worst record of any president ever in history. There's never been anything like what's happening to our country. They're destroying our country. In four short years, we accomplished more than any other president in the history of our country. Nobody's done the things we did. We built the greatest economy in the history of the world.

The day before COVID came in from China, by the way, Wuhan. I've always said Wuhan. A lot of people said, "Oh, sir, you shouldn't say that." Why? Why shouldn't I say it? That's where it came from. We gave you the biggest tax cut in history. We gave you the biggest regulation cut in history, and you had no inflation, nothing.

And it was going to stay that way for a long time. They caused inflation when they destroyed energy independence. And everybody had to pay so much for energy, including businesses. That's what started inflation. And now everything is inflated. It's much harder, but we'll get it taken care of. We shut down the illegal foreign invasion at our borders.

That's an invasion like a military invasion. And we achieved the most secure border in history. We deported illegal alien criminals by the tens of thousands. MS-13, the most violent gang anywhere in the world. We deported thousands and thousands and thousands of them back to their country. Their countries wouldn't take them.

I said, that's OK. Don't take them. We're not giving you the $750 million that we pay you. We give so much money to these. And then, their presidents, all three, the following day call me. Sir, we'd be honored to take MS-13 back. We love them very much. It was amazing. For years, they wouldn't take them back.

I was told they'll never take them back, sir. I said, how much do we pay them in subsidy and how much do we pay them? Just tell me this. Just give me a number. Sir, it's $750 million a year. That's peanuts by comparison to what some countries get by the way. So stupid. And they don't even respect it or appreciate it. Sir, $750 million.

I said that's OK. Inform them that as of tonight, they're not getting $0.10. As soon as that happened, they took them all back. They used to clog up their runways and clog up the roads so we couldn't bring them back. This is for 10 years. But we took them. They -- we brought back tens of thousands, and we put in place a strong travel ban to keep the radical Islamic terrorists out of our country and took a lot of heat.

I took a lot of heat for that one. But we did the right thing. And you saw how good our record was on that. You saw what happened, right? You didn't see. I don't like to talk about it even because a lot of bad things have happened in the last two and a half years. But you take a look at our record. We had an amazing record, right?

Remember the old days before I was there? I stood firm against the socialist Green New Deal fanatics, and we achieved American energy independence and even energy dominance. We were dominant. We were dominant. We were going to make so much money, we would have paid down our debt. We would have been bigger than both.

Bigger than both times two. That's where we were headed. We have more liquid gold under our feet than any other nation. Now, who even knows that? Who even knows it? Who even knows that after years of economic surrender from past leaders and they surrendered, our leaders surrendered just about all of them.

I stood up to China like no administration ever has done before, bringing in hundreds of billions of dollars pouring into our treasury from China when no other president had ever gotten them to pay us $0.10, not $0.10. I took in hundreds of billions of dollars. That's why I think a lot of people say maybe they did that on purpose because they had to get me out.

I personally don't think I think it was just incompetence frankly. It had happened at the lab, but a lot of people think that it was done on purpose, because I was taking in hundreds of billions of dollars and we were saving our steel industry and other industries. I gave $28 billion to our farmers. And when we got those great poll numbers two days ago in Iowa, a lot of people said, "Oh, they're going to do wonderful against me with the farmers." I said, I don't think so. I got the farmers $28 billion.

They never saw 28. They never saw $0.10 because China treated our farmers very unfairly. And I got China to pay us $28 billion. I took it to the form of taxes, and out of a much larger number, I took $28 billion, which is the amount of damage they caused to our farmers. And I handed our farmers checks totaling $28 billion.

And then, when they said, "Oh, I wonder how he's going to do with farmers." I'll tell you what, that would be the greatest upset in history. If I don't get the farmers up to 28 billion, nobody else ever got him $0.10. So I think we're going to be OK with our farmers, that's for sure. They appreciate it. Iowa and Nebraska, all of them, they appreciate it. And we just had phenomenal polls on the farm belt, as they call it. I fully rebuilt the US military and was the only president in decades who didn't start a new war.

I didn't start a new war. Instead, I got us out of endless wars and brought back our troops. We brought them back home. Remember during the debates? They said, "He's got a personality. He's going to get us into World War III." Now, my personality got us out of all these crazy wars. And my personality made President Putin and President XI know that you can't go into Ukraine and you can't go into Taiwan.

Don't do it. Don't do it. They would have never gone in. I officially recognized the capital of Israel. Such a big thing. And you know who appreciates that more than anybody? The evangelicals, the evangelicals, Christians, they appreciate it so much. But that was such a big thing to do. It was such a big, big thing to do. And we love it and we love that I was able to do it. But again, as I told you just a little while ago, a fraction of the cost and then a fraction at the time opened it in just a matter of a couple of months.

And with the historic Abraham Accords, we brought something to the Middle East that nobody has ever seen before, and they've never thought it was possible. Joe Biden's record is the exact opposite, with soaring inflation, failing banks, open borders, rampant crime, deadly drugs. Blatant corruption. Corruption?

Nobody's ever seen corruption like this. Marxist, lunacy, total humiliation in Afghanistan. That was the most humiliating time in the history of our country. And now the unthinkable threat of nuclear war. You could end up in a nuclear war. And you know, they have a hat and a phrase that they go around, "Trump Was Right About Everything." I was right about just about everything.

I don't want to be right about this, but I'll tell you what. We're very close. If you watch the rhetoric of this president of ours, he doesn't know what the hell he's talking about. You know, sometimes you have to talk tough and sometimes you have to talk soft. And he's got to mixed up. He talks tough when you're supposed to talk soft, and he talks soft when you're supposed to talk tough.

And he's all gaga. Then he walks off the stage but he's supposed to walk that way. Go around. What? Where am I? Where am I? And then, they investigate you. They investigate. You know why? Because you're leading by 11 points and they say, let's investigate. Now, these are terrible people. In recent months, I've been laying out a bold, forward-looking vision for how we will fix Joe Biden's many disasters.

When we come, we have to become, it's us, we're going to all become. We're going to become the 47th president of the United States. We have to. We're going to all become. Because I'm here for you. I'm doing this for you.

Thank you very much. I appreciate that. No, very -- actually a nice reporter, somebody that's got the wrong bent, but a very good reporter, a nice reporter said to me, you had one of the best lives in the world. Luxury. No problems. Everything going nicely. Was it worth it? You get under investigation by crooked people, by horrible racist, by people that are so terrible they hate you and it's with a passion and they're evil.

They're evil people. Was it worth it? I said, absolutely, I would do it again in a heartbeat because we've -- and honestly, with guys like your two great congressmen and others that are in the room that are so incredible, we're turning the country around, we're going to turn it around. And what we have done during this period is we've revealed how corrupt this group of people is. How bad their policies are, how badly they work.

And, you know, in a certain way, I was thinking that if it were done the more traditional way, like if they didn't rig it and we went four and four, we would have never been able to fix the country, because what they've shown during these past four years is how bad their policies are and how they don't work.

So we'll be able to do, I think, actually a much better job, and we'll be able to do things that we probably wouldn't have really been able to do, and people will say, we're glad. We have to stop crime in our cities as an example. We can't let this continue to go on where our cities are being looted and everybody is being mugged and thrown into subways.

And I mean, the scenes you see on television are just horrible. And we've got to fix our cities, our cities all over the world. You know, when they talk about democracy, Russia, China, all these other countries, they show all these scenes of people being pushed into a subway car coming at 40 miles an hour down tracks.

So the people getting bombed and beat over the head with baseball bats. And that's the way they show it, and that's the way they talk. And as much as they show it on our sets, which isn't that much actually, because they don't want you to maybe do things about it because they want our country to fail perhaps.

But as much as they do, foreign countries show and people are saying, is this what America? This is not the American dream? Is this what America is all about? They make us look so bad. So we're going to be able to get things done. We're going to be able to fix our cities. We have to fix our cities and do many, many other things.

Before I even arrive at the Oval Office, shortly after we win the presidency, I will have the horrible war between Russia and Ukraine settled. I'll get it settled very quickly. I know both, I know Zelenskyy and I know Putin. Remember, Zelenskyy was very nice because on the impeachment hoax No. 1, I call it impeachment hoax No. 1, impeachment hoax No. 2. On impeachment hoax No. 1, remember, they went to Zelenskyy.

Did you feel threatened? Now, we had, fortunately, a taped Byron of this call. And it was a perfect call. Perfect phone. Just like my call in Georgia was. I think even more perfect. It was more perfect. And nobody complained. Everybody thought it was wonderful. But we had a perfect call with Zelenskyy and they went to him.

Did you feel threatened or intimidated? He didn't even know what they were talking. He goes, no, that was fine. There was nothing wrong. There was nothing wrong. And by that time they already started. But I appreciate it because he could have said yes, I felt threatened, but he didn't say that. So that was good.

And I got along with Putin. And Putin understood we weren't playing games. He would have never, ever gone in. But we will get that settled if we win, because you need that power of that office, meaning that office, or you can't just do it as a representative. It's tougher than that. It's much tougher than it would have been had they started or had they not started, had that not started, much easier to do, much easier to do. But it's still pretty easy for me to do. I'll get it done.

You know, we had a thing I was telling some of the great people that were at Mar-a-Lago last night. We had a problem with France, where the president of France was Macron -- Emmanuel Macron. Good man. He's a good man.

He's a wise guy, but he's a good man. Look, he wants his country. They were going to put a tax on the United States of America for any companies coming in almost a 25% tax. That's a lot. And I told my people, I said, that's not going to happen. Negotiate it out. They came back to me a week later, sir, we're unable to make a deal.

They were very -- they have their mind set on it, sir. They're going to do it 25% tax. I said, no, they're not. Tell them they're not doing it. Go back and negotiate. Come back and see me. Mnuchin and a lot of the people. They came back they said, sir, they're doing it. They're not going to listen to us. I said, I'll take care of it. I said, get me Emmanuel Macron, president of France.

And he gets on. Emmanuel, how are you? I'm fine sir. I'm fine. I said, listen to Emmanuel, I understand you're going to charge American companies for the privilege of doing business in France. Wonderful. I said you're not going to do that, Emmanuel. Yes, sir. It's too late. We can't stop it sir. It's getting approved tonight, tomorrow.

I said, that's OK. Then Emmanuel, do it. I want you to do it because I am going to tax every bottle of wine and every bottle of champagne, that I don't even like, that comes into the United States. We're putting 100% tax or tariff on every single bottle of wine and champagne that comes into the United States, and you're not going to sell anything.

And that's where we are Emmanuel, other than that, have a good time. And I was getting ready to hang up and he said, no, no, no, no, you cannot do that. I said, I'm doing it. I'm signing the paper tonight at six o'clock. This goes into effect on Monday morning. This was a Friday. No, no, please, please. May I call you back?

I'll call you back in 15 minutes. And I get along with him. But he's a wise guy, you know? I mean, I understand that I get along with a lot of wise guys, but I get along with them. May I call you back in 15 minutes? I'll call you right back. I said, that's all right. I will do that. I'll accept that call.

So about three minutes later, he calls me back. He didn't wait 15. Mr. President, you have a deal. We're not going to charge you the tax. I'm not going to tax. We're not going to charge. And I probably did that a hundred times with other countries. I did it with Russia. I did it with -- I did it with a lot.

China was petrified of the tariffs. I mean, you know, again, hundreds of billions of dollars of tariffs, that's all. And they acted like they didn't mind. We don't mind tariffs. I said, good. Then I'm going to raise them and raise them. And finally, they said no. No more tariffs please, please. But no, we did that.

I did that a lot. And -- some people call it Steckel. But you got to have that. We don't have that. Could you imagine Biden doing that? Biden. Doing that. They don't have respect for our country, they don't have respect for our leadership. And those things have to be done. And they're easy. And you don't need bullets.

You don't need tanks, you don't need weapons of any kind. You just need some common sense and maybe business ability or whatever it might be. But -- that stuff. Let me give you the only bad part of that story. The bad part is after I left office, they started charging taxes to our American companies, and other people are doing that too.

It's so sad. When I look at what's happening. It's so sad. These people don't have a clue. The only thing they're good at is cheating on elections and disinformation. Two things, cheating on elections and disinformation. They always go, "Oh yes, we want to run against Trump." He beat the hell out of us in 2016. He beat us up in -- I mean, better in 2020. We want to run against Trump.

And the midterms. You know in the midterms? Two hundred and thirty-three and 20. Think of that. Two hundred and thirty-three wins and 20 losses. We're 233 out of 253 races. You don't hear that from the fake news. We were successful. Not all the Republicans were successful, but that's a record that very few people have.

And in the primaries, almost 99% of the people I endorsed. And they were great people. They were great people, generally speaking. And these two are the two best examples as far as I'm concerned. Standing before you today, I am the only candidate who can make this promise. I will prevent us from being involved in or even having World War III.

You're going to have World War III with these incompetent people. You're going to end up, and this will be a war like no other, because this won't be Army tanks going around shooting at each other. This will be horrible, horrible, horrible, most destructive weapons in history, nuclear weapons and other things.

I will end Joe Biden's inflation nightmare and banking crisis and quickly rebuild the greatest economy in history. Unlike the Bushes and Ryans and the other RINOs, I will always protect Social Security and Medicare for our great seniors. Gee, I wonder who voted for hurting Social Security. And I wonder who voted for hurting and partially dismantling Medicare?

Who is it? I think there's somebody around that, you know. When I get back in the Oval Office, I will totally obliterate and complete the job, the deep state, because there is a deep state. We're fighting it right now. I will fire the unelected bureaucrats who have weaponized our justice system and root out the warmongers and globalists from our government.

We will establish a Truth and Reconciliation Commission to declassify and publish all documents on deep state spying, censorship, and corruption. You're seeing it come to for now, those 51 people, what they did, what they did to this country, 51 people willing to lie, willing to lie. And I will require every federal employee to pass a new civil service test demonstrating an understanding of our Constitution.

To stop the local Marxist prosecutors who released rapists and murderers while persecuting conservatives, on day one of my new administration, I will direct the DOJ to investigate every radical DA and attorney general in America for their illegal racist in reverse enforcement of the law. I will quickly restore the most secure border in US history, just as we had only a few years ago.

Under Biden, our -- if you look at what we had, you know, I built hundreds of miles of wall and we completed it. Just as I said, I took the money from the military because between the Republican RINOs and the Democrats, it was very hard to get. So I considered our country to be in an invasion. We were being invaded.

It was absolutely an invasion. And I said, that means I can take the money out of the military. And I got some of the biggest military budget, the biggest military budgets ever approved. I said, I'm going to take what I need out of the military because this is an invasion. And I got it built. And then, I added 200 miles that we were almost finished when we had that horrible election result, that horrible, disgusting result.

And Biden came in and said, we don't want to finish the wall. It would have taken three weeks to finish the additional sections of wall that I didn't even promise, but I wanted to get done because we needed them in those areas. But the wall worked in Mexico, worked -- and they gave us 28,000 soldiers for free.

Of course, I said I was going to charge them 25% tariffs if they don't, so. But they gave us 28,000 soldiers and we had the best numbers ever. Under Biden, other countries are emptying out their prisons and insane asylums and mental institutions and sending their problems to the USA. Their mental institutions and their prisons are being emptied out all over the South America, but all over the world.

We have become a dumping ground for the world's problems. That's why the first reconciliation bill I signed will be for a massive increase in Border Patrol and colossal increase in the number of ICE deportation officers. And we're going to be following the Eisenhower model. You wouldn't believe it. Eisenhower was tough on this.

We will use all necessary state, local, federal and military resources to carry out the largest domestic deportation operation in American history. And I'll ask every state and federal agency to identify every known suspected gang member in America because they know, look, law enforcement, these are incredible people.

They have been treated so badly. They have been between defunding the police and everything else they have to go through. It's horrible. But everyone -- but they know all the people, the local policemen and women. They know everybody. They know the good people, the bad people. They know the gang members, they know their first names.

And every one of them that is here illegally, we will pick them up and we will bring them back to their country. Or if it's so bad, we're going to have to put them into a cell. But we will bring them right back to those countries from where they came. To uphold our Second Amendment, I will ask Congress to put a bill on my desk delivering national concealed carry reciprocity.

And I will restore the right to self-defense, with federal penalties for prosecutors who trample on the God given right. We've been given this incredible right. You can't trample on it. When I returned to office, I will revoke China's most favored nation trade status. You wouldn't believe this stuff. We had it revoked.

We had it revoked. We actually send them oil. Can you believe it? We send them oil. We give them oil. We help them. We give them money. The whole thing is crazy. I will gain total independence from China. We have to have independence from China. They have too much power over our country, especially with Biden.

He got a fortune. I mean, they pay him a fortune. What the hell is he going to do? How is he going to go against China? They'll say, you go against us and we're going to tell you all the money that we paid you and your family, they're extorting him. In my opinion, they're extorting him. And I will hold the Chinese Communist Party accountable for unleashing the China virus upon the world.

They've got to pay something. Nobody has the money to pay what the real number is. But they've got to pay something. We will have the death penalty for murderers and killers, and also for drug kingpins and dealers who can be proven to have killed people through the dealing of their drugs, of which many -- you know, a drug dealer kills on average, 500 people during his or her lifetime.

Five hundred. That's an average 500 people. They kill 500. If you shoot somebody, you pay a very stiff penalty. They kill 500 people. In China, when I met with President XI the first time, because I had a great relationship with him until COVID. Once COVID came in, it was like, I forget it, but I had a great relationship.

I said, president, do you have a drug problem? No, he didn't even know what I was talking about. No. Of course not. Why would we have a drug problem? I said, so what do you attribute the fact that you don't have a drug because they used to have a massive drug problem? The poppy. They used to have a mess of the whole country.

It was a disaster. And then, now came in and changed things around. But this is a tough man and a very smart man. I said, so why don't you have a drug? We have quick trial. Quick trial means, not a trial where you go on trial 28 years from now. The constitutionality. Now we have quick trial. What's quick trial?

Quick trial as we try the people immediately. And if they're guilty, they're given the death penalty. And because of that, if they're guilty, they're given the death penalty. They don't have a drug problem. One point four billion people and they haven't got a drug problem. And we have to do the same thing because our country is being poisoned, our families are being destroyed.

We will also pursue the death penalty for those who murder policemen and policewomen. We have to. You ever see where they walk up to a car where a policeman sitting in a car and they take a gun and shoot him through the window, right through the window. We will do that. The death penalty kill a policeman or a policewoman.

I will immediately sign a new executive order to cut federal funding for any school, pushing critical race theory, transgender insanity, and other inappropriate racial, sexual, or political content on our children. And I will also support parents' rights. Can you believe you have to say this? I say this all the time.

Can you believe that you have to say that we will support parents' rights? Parents rights? Who wouldn't support? But our country over the last 12, 13, 14 years has gone cuckoo. It got a little bit cuckoo. Can you imagine you're saying I will support parents' rights? Of course you're going to support. Who wouldn't support parents' rights?

A lot of the people in our leadership wouldn't support it. But we're going to include the direct election of school principals by the parents. We want the principals not to be hired because they're radical left lunatics. If any principal is not getting the job done, the parents should be able to vote to fire them and to select somebody who will get the job done.

And I will not give one penny to any school that has the vaccine mandate or a mask mandate from kindergarten all the way through college. And here's another beauty. I will keep men out of women's sports. I don't know if you saw the weightlifting recently, but this was a record that was standing for like 19 years.

And, you know, they deal in ounces and an ounce on one side and an ounce on the other. Get up there. And it's recorded a long-time record years, 19 years. And you know that these women are great athletes. They're out there trying so hard. All of a sudden, this guy comes up. Ting. Have you lifted before? No, actually I haven't. No. The records are being set at a level that women never really thought was going to happen.

It's so unfair and it's so demeaning to women. Men should not be able to participate in women's sports, and I will sign a law prohibiting child sexual mutilation in all 50 states. Thank you. I will appoint rock solid constitutional conservative judges in the mold of Justice Antonin Scalia and the great Justice Clarence Thomas, who is under siege right now.

He's under siege right now for doing nothing. He is really -- they're going after him right now. Everybody else talked about appointing conservatives to court. I am the only one who actually did it. I appointed almost 300 federal judges. All told, it was pretty substantially more than that, a record and three great Supreme Court justices.

So that was a big thing. Some presidents go through a long period of time and they never get to a point. I appointed three that made the radical left extremely thrilled. Trump gets three. Other people, they get none. But we got three great, wonderful people. Finally, I will move heaven and earth to fully secure our elections.

Our goal will be one day voting with only paper ballots and voter ID, voter ID, and we won't have any problems. But until that day comes, Republicans have to be able to compete and they have to use every lawful means to win. That is, we must do everything we can to save our country from destruction because that's where we're headed.

So, 2024 is the final battle. If you put me back in the White House, the reign of the corrupt Washington establishment will be over in America, will be a free nation. Once again, we're going to have a free nation. With your support in this election, we are going to complete the mission and we are going to finish what we started at a level that nobody has even thought of before.

Stand with me. And on November 5th, 2024, we will evict Joe Biden from the White House. We will dislodge the Marxists and the communists from our government, and there's plenty of them. We will vanquish the Radical Democrat Party into political oblivion. And we will restore the American Republic as the freest and strongest and most powerful nation in the history of the world.

Before COVID came in and then we fixed it after that, with the stock market was even higher as we unfortunately had to transition. But it was even harder than before, just before COVID came in. But -- we had the greatest economy in history. We had the greatest country in history. There was never a time like it. And a lot of people say, can you ever bring the country together?

Because there's so many divergent views and really divergent. And I say, you know, just before COVID came in, our country was doing so great, African American, Hispanic American, Asian American, women, men, people that went to MIT, Harvard, and the Wharton School of Finance and Stanford and they have all degrees, and people that didn't graduate from high school.

Every single category was at an all-time high. And I was getting calls from very radical left type people, could we get together? Let's talk. Our country was actually coming together and then we got hit with COVID, but our country was coming together. The USA is a mess. Our economy is crashing. Inflation is out of control.

Our banks are failing. You've been seeing that. You've been reading about that lately. Russia has joined with China. Saudi Arabia has joined with Iran. China, Russia, Iran, North Korea have formed together as a menacing and destructive coalition. These are things that would have been impossible to even consider just three years ago.

Our currency is crashing and the dollar will soon no longer be the world's standard, which will be the single greatest defeat our country has ever had. People don't realize how big that is. It won't happen with me. Not even a chance. Just like Russia would have never invaded Ukraine and China would not even have thought about raiding Taiwan.

I used to say that if you took the five worst presidents in the history of the United States and added them up, they would not have done near the destruction to our country as Joe Biden and the Biden administration have done. And now I say, if you took the 10 worst presidents, I don't say five. It's true.

I don't say five anymore. What they've done to our country, we are a failing nation. We are a nation in decline. Look where we were three years ago, how well we were doing. Think of just one thing. We were energy independent. Gasoline was at $1.87. Now it's getting ready to break $5 again. Because we filled up the national strategic reserves, and they use that money to keep gasoline a little bit lower.

Very high, very, very high. Far too high, but a little bit lower for an election it's not supposed to be used for. It's supposed to be used for war and national security. And now these radical left lunatics want to interfere with our elections by using law enforcement. And we can't let that happen. But with all of this being said, and with a very dark cloud hanging over our country, I have no doubt that we will together win the election of 2024 and make America great again.

Thank you very much and God bless you. Thank you. Thank you very much. God bless you, everybody.