Thank you very much. I don't have any notes. I don't have anything. I'm up here all by myself with all the fake news back there. And, you know, if you make a little mistake -- do you think Biden would get up here without notes?

In fact, if he had notes, it doesn't make any difference. Anyway, I just want to thank you all. This is incredible. These are our friends. These are the people that are going to -- who really help us on that very special evening coming up in 45 days, right, 45 days. And we're going to do something that -- I think it's the most important election in the history of our country.

I used to say that about 2016, but this will be the most important election in the history of our country because our country is going to hell. It's going to hell rapidly. It is not taking long. In fact, it's hard to say this because it's such a negative thought, but one year is a very long time. We're actually now even a little less than a year, but that's a very long time.

The kind of destruction that they've been doing to our country is just not acceptable. It's not acceptable. They're destroying America. They're destroying our land, our everything, anything having to do with us. They're destroying open borders, high interest rates, high taxes. Nobody's ever seen anything like that.

The Afghanistan surrender, what they did there. People forget. You know, the fake news doesn't like talking about that because it's negative. They only want to talk about positive, but they can't find anything to talk about because there is no positive. There hasn't been a positive thing happen in this administration since it came about with a rigged election three years ago.

There hasn't been --

There hasn't been -- there hasn't been a positive thing. If you look back and you want to try and figure out what's going on, there hasn't been one positive thing, I don't think, that's happened to our country in -- and I have to tell you, Jimmy Carter -- as you know, our first lady went to the funeral of Rosalynn Carter.

It was a beautiful event, by the way. And everybody was very nice, really nice. But Jimmy Carter is in his latter years, 99, in his latter years. He's got to be a happy man because his administration was brilliant compared to what we have now. Brilliant. If you look at his administration, he's considered now a brilliant, brilliant president by comparison to what we have now.

Look, if you took the -- and you can look at it any way. I used to say if you took the five worst presidents, I could probably say a lot more than that, like 15, 20, but let's be conservative. Let's say 10. If you took the 10 worst presidents in the history of our country and added them together, they would not have done the destruction to our country as this man and this group of people have done because it's not just this man.

This is far beyond this man. I don't know if this man knows what's happening. But there's a group of people that have done great damage to our country, and we have to win. This is the most important. We have to win. We have to get out, and we have to initially caucus. I think we're in good shape with DeSanctimonious.

He seems to be dropping like a very, very sick bird into the ground, slowly into the ground. You know, it's -- I took it personally because I got him elected. He was dead as a doornail, you know. Now, he likes to say, "Well, I'm not sure if it was that." Let me tell you. He was down by, like, 40 points. The nomination process was moving along rapidly.

He had -- the primary was -- he had no chance. The secretary of agriculture was up. His name was Adam Putnam, respected guy, good guy, but I didn't know him. And Ron came to see me, begging for an endorsement. I said, "Ron, you're dead. You don't have a chance. You're a dead man. If Abraham Lincoln came back from the dead, if George Washington and Lincoln teamed up together and endorsed you, they couldn't do it." He said, "Sir, the people of Florida love you.

They love you. And I believe that if you'd endorse me, I could win." I said, "You're at three. He's at, what, 40 or something, right?" And it was a short time. And I said -- you know, he fought for me along with a lot of other congressmen and senators, but he didn't fight like a Jim Jordan or like other people he fought.

But he fought. I mean, at least he fought. He was a live body. And based on that, that was impeachment hoax No. 1 and impeachment hoax No. 2. So, I said, "Why not?" I don't know the other gentleman, Adam Putnam. I'd never met him. So, I said, "Let's give it a shot, Ron. Let's see." So, I endorsed him, and he went like a rocket ship, and he won.

And then I had to get him through a general election. He was dying on the general election. We had to do it all over again. We held two or three rallies for him. The rallies had massive crowds, biggest crowds people have seen in years. Nobody's ever seen rallies like this. You know, today's not a rally. This is our little friends.

And then we're going to another stop, about -- is somebody going to be there, too? Are you going to be there, too?

That's pretty good. That's pretty good. But we're going to a second stop, and then we go back, and then we're coming again next week. And then around January, we'll be coming, and we'll be blitzing this beautiful place that I've helped so much with ethanol, right? You know, DeSanctus was opposed to ethanol.

You know that. And now, I guess I don't know. I have no idea. I'm not sure. But probably, he's in favor of it now. But one thing you'll learn about a politician, when they're against something, that's where they always go, and they'll switch for elections. So, the bottom line is we -- I endorsed him, he won, and then I got him through the second one, and he won by two points.

And then he -- and he did fine as a governor. He was fine. He was better than many. Not as good as some, to be honest. It's very simple, but he wasn't as good as some. We had some great ones. Henry McMaster, South Carolina. Kristi Noem of, as you know, South. They like her, right? They like Kristi. Kristi was very nice.

She said -- you know, she's only won elections. Never lost an election. And a lot of people thought she'd be running for president. And she said -- I was watching this. I said, "Well, that's nice, for a change, to hear somebody speak honestly." She said, "I can't beat him. What's the purpose in running? So, I'm going to endorse him because he's been a great president." And I appreciated that.

A lot of people appreciated it.

Other people like Arkansas, he gets up, right? Asa, right? Asa. I call him Ada. Ada Hutchinson. He's been polling at zero for five months, and he's still in. I said, "Is he still in? You got to tell me. What's the game here? He's got zero." I think he's at zero for five months, and he's still there. And I don't know what these people do. I don't understand it. But we have to come together as a party because we have to beat probably Biden.

I mean, I'm not sure he gets to the starting gate. Maybe he does, maybe he doesn't, whatever. But whoever it is doesn't matter because it's going to be the same ideology. Maybe it gets even worse. And we have to do something. So, we're here on the occasion of a lot of the Trump caucus captains with those beautiful white hats.

Look at those hats.

And everybody that's a captain gets one of those beautiful -- and they are good-looking hats. I'd like to have one of those hats. And so, you know, it's January 15th, Martin Luther King's birthday. Speaking of that, did you see where a very respected representative of Black Lives Matter, New England territory, yeah, New England, endorsed Trump.

He said -- he didn't necessarily say the Republican Party. He said Trump because what we've done in terms of opportunity zones and, you know, jobs for everybody, frankly. But jobs, historically, if you look at the colleges, the Black colleges and universities, I got them 10-year funding. They never had that.

They'd have to come to Washington every year. We took care of their funding and a lot of other things, criminal justice reform at a very, very high level, very fair. We got to be fair but very, very -- something that everybody -- really, we had tremendous conservative support, but criminal justice reform.

And he came out in favor of Donald Trump, and he said, "I'm going to do something that's going to surprise some people," but this guy has done more for the Black population than any president. And I think he included Abraham Lincoln, but I'm not 100% sure. But it's a great honor. And we just had a poll, 22% and 25%. We had another poll that was really incredible.

We had a poll that came out today where we're at 69 and DeSanctimonious is at nine and Nikki Haley is at --

Birdbrain is at seven. And the rest of them are in the -- like at one and two and a couple at zero. At some point, the zeros are going to get out. The one and two still have potential, right? A lot of potential. So, anyway. So, we've had a great time. We've had a great time with the state. This has been a fantastic state.

We won two elections here by a lot. And this is not necessarily Republican. I mean, it's not really. I mean, this could go -- if they had a real candidate, which they don't have, I mean, this could go the other way, I guess. It's not -- I don't call this a -- not a lock. There's no such thing as a lock in politics, anyway.

If you have the right person, you could do pretty well. But this has been a great place for us. I love it. I love the people. I have so many friends here, and it's an honor to be with you. And this is a special group because you're going to be out there on the 15th, and you're going to be getting people to go out and do what they have to do. The first time I did it, I learned a lot, you know, when we had our caucus, and nobody knew what the caucus was.

What does it mean? And I had Ivanka here. And she said, "Daddy, we had a man that didn't quite do the job, but we really..." You know, it's funny. I came in -- out of 18 people, we came in second. And they acted like it was the greatest political defeat of all time. I said, "Well, you know, I came in second." And I came in second.

We didn't have -- we would have done very well if it was a regular primary, but a caucus is very different. We learned a lot. And this time, we have the best team anyone's ever assembled for caucus, you know?

And we -- yeah, we came in second, and the fake news made it sound like it was the seat. And I thought about it because we should've won it with -- you know, a lot of sort of foolish things happened. And it's the only time I had a minor defeat, but I learned a lot because we then went to New Hampshire. We won big.

And we went to South Carolina, we won big. They said, "No. You won't win," because that's the military, and that's Bush. I said, "No. I think the military is Trump." And we won. And we won't break. And then we just ran the tables, didn't we? We went to Florida, and we beat a senator, a governor of the state by a lot, and we just ran the tables.

It was an incredible thing. We went to Indiana. Bobby Knight just died. Indiana had a great coach for those of you that are basketball fans, right? Would you say? A great coach. He had the last -- I guess it was the last undefeated team. They were like 38 and O or something. They won the national championship.

And he tended to do it with -- I mean, he had some very good players, but he tended to do it with teamwork as opposed to, you know, the star player. And he was a fantastic coach, and he was a big fan of mine. He went to a friend of mine and said, "You know, when you get to Indiana, if you could ever get Bobby Knight..." I said -- you know, it's an amazing thing.

Bobby Knight called me two years ago before I even really considered heavily doing this. He said, "I don't know you, but you should run. And if you run, I'll support you, and you're going to win." And I said, "Well, it's really nice, Bobby, that you called." This wasn't really on the agenda, really. I was thinking a little bit about it. We thought about it when Romney ran and did a poor job when he ran against Obama because that should have been done because Obama had a failed four years.

And he should have been able to do it, but he didn't know how to do it. He had no clue. And they did a poll, and I was way up. I think it was either Deface the Nation -- Deface the Nation did a poll. Ladies and gentlemen, it's Donald Trump on Deface the Nation or Meet the Fake Press with Chuck Todd. Sleepy Eyes, he's gone.

He's gone. Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd is gone. Eventually, they disappear. And he hasn't disappeared. But sometimes, the bad ones should because we need an honest press. We really need an honest press. So, we looked at it then, and then we looked at it. But Bobby Knight called me, and it was an amazing thing.

I have a lot of papers on my desk, a lot of -- tremendous amount of stuff. I do a lot of things. You know, I'm running a business, and I'm thinking about this. And even when I was doing this, I was running a business. And so, what happened is giving it serious thought. So, Bobby Knight called and said, "You just call me back at this number." And I had his number.

I wrote it down. And I put it in -- it's almost like from God. So, I put it in a stack of paper that was a foot and a half, two feet high on the left of my desk, and I had another stack at another -- I had three big stacks of paper, thousands of pages. And we were now coming to Indiana. We were doing great.

We were doing great here. We were doing great everywhere, but we were on the march. And I came from -- you know, a lot of people said, "He's just doing this for fun." I said, "You call this fun? You think I'm having fun? You get indicted every week for nothing." Ladies and gentlemen, Al Capone, you know, Al Capone got indicted once.

They got me four times because I protested an election. I protested an election, and they indict you. These people are sick, and they're bad. So, I'm sitting at the desk, and a friend of mine's there, and he said, "You know," and he knew something about Indiana. He said, "You know, if you could ever get..." Now this was two years ago that Bobby called.

He said, "If you could ever get Bobby Knight, the great basketball coach of Indiana, great coach, the rough guy, the rough, tough guy, if you could ever get him, Indiana would be guaranteed." I said, "You know, it's funny that you mentioned because two years ago, I got a call from him, and I didn't even know if it was really him, but it was him." They said, "Sir, do you know a man named Bobby Knight"? I said, "No. But there's a coach named Bobby Knight.

Maybe it's him." Well, I think that's what it is. So, I picked up, and I immediately recognized him. "Trump? Trump. This is Bobby Knight." I said, "That's Bobby Knight. There's no doubt about it." But he gave me the number, and my friend said Bobby Knight. I said, "You know, I'll tell you, let's take a look because I put the number over here." Now, thousands of pages.

And I went, like, to the middle stack. It was amazing. And I just pulled up a whole pile, put it over here, and looked at the top, and there was Bobby Knight's phone number. Is that incredible? No. I mean, it was -- that's God. It's God. You're right. No. With thousands -- what are the odds of doing that?

And it was -- I'll never forget it. I'll actually never forget it. So, I immediately called him, and he goes, "I've been waiting for your call." He said, "Let's go." And actually, we went to Indiana, and we had the big basketball arena where he was coach and had such an incredible career. Actually, an incredible career.

They treated him a little badly when, you know, he threw the chair. He was a slightly volatile guy. He threw a chair across the arena. That chair was moving pretty fast, right? Some foolish person. They were going for a great season. That turned out -- once he left, that was the end of that season because he was such a great coach.

So, he had a chip on his shoulder, and I think he hadn't been back. He went to Texas Tech. I think he hadn't been back there for years, did very well at Texas Tech. He's going to do well anywhere. So, first time he came back to Indiana. He was angry with Indiana, and he came back for me, and we did a rally.

It was unbelievable. Everybody was crying in the audience. We had, whatever, maybe 18,000 or 20,000 people in this incredible arena, and everybody was crying. He was even a little bit crying. He didn't -- hasn't cried in a long time, but I didn't know that. It was a reunion. I was told that -- when I was going there, they said, "You know, it's a big deal because Bobby hasn't been back in years because his, you know, his feelings were hurt." And he went back, and he said, "This guy is the guy." And he gave a pep talk.

In fact, he talked for a while, and he introduced me. The place went crazy. And then he went off the stage. Everyone went wild, and I started speaking. And about 10 minutes later, he walks back on. I said, "That's strange. What's Bobby doing?" You know, it's a big arena, and everything's very formal, and I see him walking back.

And he says, "Do you want me to say a few more words?" I said, "Go ahead, Bobby." So, I moved out. Not exactly the way you would imagine, but I said, "Whatever it may be." And he said, "Listen. Here's the story. If we have problems, this is the only guy that's willing to bomb the hell out of the enemy. He'll bomb them at a level that nobody's ever seen before, and that's all I have to say.

That's it." And he walks off. I said, "Man." And you know, when he said it, I said, "I think I'm going to get in big trouble for that comment." But anyway -- but he was a great guy, so we won Indiana big tremendously, and we just ran the table. And then we had 2016, and it was the greatest, probably the most exciting night in the history of politics in this country.

And then we did even better in 2020, got millions and millions more votes, and the election was rigged. It was a rigged election. They say that if you win Florida and Ohio, nobody's ever lost. But if you win Florida and Ohio and a place called Iowa, and if you won -- if you win that, and we won all three, and they said nobody's ever lost election.

And there were many metrics like that, but you win Florida, Ohio, and Iowa, nobody has ever lost an election with that combination. And we won. Not only did we win, we won in landslides. Ohio was great. Florida was great. And Iowa was great. But we're not going to let that happen. We're not going to let that happen again.

We can't. We cannot let that happen again. So, I just want to say to you that I appreciate you being here. You're very important. That's why I came here first. Very important because you're the ones that are going to make sure that everybody gets treated beautifully. You know, it's so different than a regular election.

The caucus is a big deal, but it's so different than the regular election. You'll be greeting people and talking to people, and they'll ask you questions, most of which they know the answers to before they ask the question, right? But you'll do a great job, and I think we're going to come out, and we're going to do something that, frankly, I believe is the most important, but I think it's going to be one of the biggest political events anywhere in the world.

And we're having some of them in Argentina, as you know. You saw what happened. He ran as Trump. It was Trump. Make Argentina Great Again. It was perfect. MAGA. He had a MAGA agenda because it's a conservative agenda. And it's not that we're conservative. We're common-sense people. It's not a question. People say, "Are you conservative?" I'm of common sense.

We need borders. We had the strongest border in the history of our country. Now, we have the weakest border, I believe, in the history of the world, in the history of the world because there's never been any country -- a third world country wouldn't allow people to come, and they're coming in from mental institutions.

They're coming in from all over the world. They're coming in from jails and prisons. There's a slight difference between the two. One's rougher than the other. They're coming in from mental institutions, but they're coming in from insane asylums. They're dumping everybody into our country from all over the world.

Last week, they caught numerous people coming in from the Congo. They're coming in from Africa. They're coming in from China, at large levels from China. You see, 26,000 people, what, from China, all young males, OK? So, what's going on with that? 26,000 people just was reported over a short period of time.

This isn't a long period of time. So, what are we, building a little army in our country? And we have a guy named Biden who's grossly incompetent. He's corrupt, but he's also incompetent. And, you know, I never used to speak about him like that. But when they did the indict word, when they indicted me for bullshit, I said now we can tell it like it has never been done in this country before.

When a popular president -- I got more votes than any sitting president in history by far, by millions. When a popular president who did a good job, I mean, we had -- think of it. Think of where we were. We were energy independent. I got the largest tax cut in history approved. I got the largest regulation cuts in history.

That's why we had the best jobs. We had the greatest economy in history. And think of all the things that we were doing. I defeated ISIS. Everybody said, "You can't defeat ISIS." I defeated ISIS in four weeks, right? General Raisin Caine. Raisin Caine. You heard about Raisin Caine, right? We have a real -- we have real generals.

We have a great military, not the guys you see so much on television with, you know, characters. Not Jesper and Milley and these guys, the guys -- the real generals. We have unbelievable generals. We have unbelievable military. We have a great country, potentially, but right now, we have a country that's failing.

It's a failing nation. We have a failing nation, and it's a very sad thing to watch. We had it going so good. If Biden would have just gone to the beach like he's been doing almost every day and left everything alone, if he would have left the border alone, Tom Homan and Brandon Judd and all of these people, we had great people, and they had the border so good.

Best ever, best we've ever been in recorded history. And now, we have an open wound. We have a sieve. The water is just pouring right through. The people are coming right through. The drugs are higher than ever before. We had them way down, and I had a deal with President Xi of China. They were going to criminalize fentanyl.

If you make fentanyl and you get caught, they're going to criminalize it. And you know what their penalty is if you get caught with drugs? Death penalty for drug dealers and for drug makers. And they were going to criminalize it. It was all done, and then we had the result of this ridiculous election where they used COVID to cheat and other things, too.

You don't even have to go into ballot stuffing, the 2,000 mules and all of that. You don't have to -- and by the way, the 2,000 mules, hundreds of thousands, millions of ballots we're talking about. We're not talking about -- we're talking about millions and millions. And it's coming out now. It's very interesting.

All the time you see yesterday, I read about, in Georgia, 3,600 duplicate ballots. That means two ballots, two of them, and almost all of them happened to be for a guy named Biden. So, it's a very -- and that's where we are now with our country. Now, you look at our country, it's a mess. It's a mess. But we'll turn it around, and we'll make it greater than ever before.

We can do that. We're going to close up the borders. You're going to come into the country, but you're going to come in legally. Now, people say, "Why should I go through a process when I can go into the Mexican or even on the northern border, to a lesser extent, but why should we go through a process of learning about our constitution and doing it the way it has been done?

All we have to do is just go to the Mexican border and walk right into the country." So, it's a very, very, sad thing, but we're going to make our country greater than ever. It'll be the greatest comeback in history. I'm not talking about comeback politically because I don't care about that. It'll be the greatest comeback for our country because our country right now is a dying country.

We're not respected by anybody. If I were elected, you wouldn't have had Ukraine, thousands, hundreds of thousands, and include Russia. All of these people that are dying, fighting, they would have never been fighting. Zero chance. Number one, oil was so low that they wouldn't have had the money to prosecute the war.

You know, we had oil at $40 a barrel. Now, it's $100 during this period. And, you know, Russia can proudly say -- or unproudly say that there's never been a thing like this where a country is making a lot of money by fighting a war. So, Biden is keeping these prices so high, and he wants to end the war, but the war is never going to end because they are a money machine right now.

They're making so much money, and they're fighting, and they're killing a lot of people. You look at what's going on, and it would've never happened. Zero chance. And I told Putin -- I spoke to him. It was the apple of his eye. There's no question about it. But I said, "Vladimir, if you do that, it's going to be rough." I won't tell you exactly the conversation, but he said, "No way." I said, "Way.

It's going to happen. Way." And he didn't believe me, but he believed me 10%, and that's all he needed. And the same -- I had the same conversation with President Xi of China, and I talked about that in Beijing, that if you go into Taiwan, you're going to have real problems if you do that. We're talking about Beijing.

And he would have never -- we didn't even talk about Taiwan, right? These things weren't really even discussed. When I left, I remember 28 bombers right after I left, 28 bombers flew right over the middle of Taiwan. And that's just there waiting. I mean, it's waiting. And now, we bring up to the one that's just happened over the last couple of months.

Israel would have never happened. Zero chance. Zero chance. You had a country, Iran, which is doing all of the funding. They were broke. People weren't allowed to buy oil there because I said, "If you buy there, you're not going to do any business in the United States." So, China wasn't buying, and India wasn't buying.

Nobody was buying. And they didn't have the money to fund anything. Now, they have $250 billion in the bank, 250, not including the 6 billion they got for five hostages. 6 billion. They released 6 billion. And the other one is pretty incredible. They just -- you read about it two days ago, for electric. You know, they sell electric to Iraq, and we had control over it. And they just released $10 billion for the electric, 10 billion.

So, they have 6 billion and 10. But that's peanuts. The big thing is the oil. And they released all of our sanctions, all of the things that we had going where we would have had a deal. I think we would have had a deal with Iran within two weeks of the election had the election been an honest, not rigged election.

So many bad things have happened to our country, but we're going to turn it around. And I think we can do it fast. We're going to drill, and we're going to be drilling like you have never seen before.

We're going to end your mandate on cars, you know? You have cars. Here's the problem with an electric car. They don't go far. Very simple. Somebody would say, "I wish I could make it more complex." Like, here's the problem. They don't go far. They cost a fortune, but they don't go far. So, unless you want to go to the local store or something, you're not going to buy it. If you say, "Let's take a trip to -- let's see.

What's a nice place around? Let's go to Ohio. Let's go down to Florida." No. You'd have to make 30 stops, right? You don't want to go to Florida. Too many stops. But, you know, you have to make all these stops. They take a long time. The whole thing is ridiculous. It's almost like -- and, you know, the new one is they want to make army tanks.

They want to do the army tank thing. You know about that. They want to make army tanks all electric. Do you believe it? We have the greatest tanks in the world, and we do the best tanks. We do the best submarines. We do a lot of the best things, but we make the greatest army tanks. They want to make them electric.

Now, think of this. They have the same problem. They don't go far, right? They don't go far. See, you're in the middle of the desert. You say, "You know, we're running low on electric. Do they have a charger around, anybody? Are they charging?" The other thing, batteries are very big. They're very big, very heavy.

So, you have to have the army tank pulling a battery probably and a truck behind it. So, you're pulling a battery. That wouldn't look too cool. But what are we doing? So, we want to have nice, clean emissions so that the country that we're blowing to hell is not hurt environmentally. Now, it's the same thing we're planning.

They want jet fighters. They want you to use a certain type of biofuel, and it's a fuel that is 15% less efficient for the plane. So, think of it. You're a pilot. You got this really incredible weapon, and now you're expected to use a plane that's 15% less. So, here's the difference, 15% less than having the full.

The difference is, one, you get blown out of the air, and you don't have a chance. The other one is they don't have a chance against you. But they want to do that so that we protect the environment over the country that we're bombing the hell out of. Isn't it just -- are these people crazy? They also want to go to all-electric boats.

You know, I was in South Carolina, really great boat company, boat manufacturer. And I said, "So, what's the big problem?" "Well, sir, they want us to start thinking about going all-electric boats." I said, "Wouldn't that be very heavy?" He said, "Heavy. The whole boat's going to be a battery." And I actually brought up a thing.

I said, "So, if your boat sinks, do you get electrocuted when it goes down?" He said, "You know, nobody's ever asked that question." I said, "If I'm going down in a boat and there's a shark 10 yards away or I'm going to get electrocuted, could that happen?" He said, "It could." I said, "Well, you know what?

If it's true, I think I'll take the electrocution because I'm not going near that shark." But they are talking about things like that. These people are crazy. These people are crazy. They want to make all-electric trucks, the big 18 wheelers, the biggest trucks. Can you imagine? So, if you go to, like, a Peterbilt or one of these great truck companies and if you have a truck, big one, they can go 2,000 miles on a tank of -- a big tank of diesel.

An electric truck, big one, will go 300 miles. So, that means you're stopping six or seven times. You talk about supply chain problems. You're going to stop six or seven times. And the load, it's not as good. It's not as -- the whole thing is a disaster. And I met with trucking companies. They say, "We tell them this.

A child would understand it in five minutes, and they wouldn't do it. We tell them this, and it has no impact." Do you drive a truck?"

What kind of a truck is it? What?

And how do you find it from the standpoint of the electric?

So, she has two buses that are operated by electric, by battery, and they're good --

Because the battery is no good, right? And that's about 90% of the cost.

And had it -- and the other ones, you could keep them going forever, right?

But, see, at least a school bus, you know, you have a shorter day, a shorter this and that, and shorter --

You can't do it? No?

Well, no. You're going to be getting your battery charged.

And this is a truck driver. You don't look like a truck driver to me. I tell you. That's one hell of a truck driver. Somebody's going to say she's a plant. She's a plant. No. But no. But she knows the subject. I can see it. No. It's terrible. It's terrible. And you can't talk because these people are crazy.

You can't talk reason to them. You know, I could sit down and, in three minutes, explain, like the trucks or the army tanks or even cars. But at least with cars, you could say, "Hey, if it's a short distance..." And you should be able to buy electric, but you also should be able to buy gasoline-powered cars.

We have all the gasoline that China doesn't have. And China -- all of this that you're seeing with the UAW, it's going to turn out to be a disaster because they haven't done anything about this electric car mandate, and you're not going to have any of these cars made in the United States. It's going to be a disaster for the UAW, for the people of the UAW, how they approved that contract without making a deal on that.

So, these are just some of the many problems. We have so many problems. One of the biggest problems is the world does not respect us anymore. They respected us three years ago, like, at a level that I don't think they've ever respected us. And now, they don't. I tell the story with Macron. I said, "You're going to do that?

Well, we're going to put 100% tariff on your wine and champagne." They were going to do something very bad to our country. They were going to tax our companies, and that's not fair. We have to protect our American companies. And I said, "You're going to do that." And my people said, "Sir, there's no turning back.

I mean, they're going to do it." "Oh, really? I don't think they're going to do it." I said, "Try it again." Smart people. They came back. They said, "No. They won't do it." I said, "Let me handle it, OK?" And I called up Macron. I said, "Listen. You're going to do it?" "Yes, sir. It's already signed, sir.

I'm sorry." You know? And I said, "Well, that's OK. But here's what we're doing. On Monday morning, we're going to put a 100% tariff on all wines and champagnes coming into the United States." "You can't do that. That's not fair." "What you're doing isn't fair, too." And within about three minutes, he said, "May I call you back?" This is the -- this is Macron, who I like a lot, by the way, but he's for France, you know.

He's not for us. He's for France. And he called me back in five minutes. He says, "We've decided to take off the tax on American companies." Right? Took me four minutes, and I was told by my geniuses, "You couldn't do it." They worked on it for months. So, anyway, that's the way it goes. But I just want you to say it. What?

We want Iowa people. We want -- well, you know, with your governor, we had -- I got along with her very well.

No, I got along with her very well. I mean, you know, I helped her a lot because I took, as you know, a great governor, Terry Branstad, and I made him the ambassador to China. He told me an amazing story, and that's why, you know, long before, I was coming -- I was in Iowa, making a speech, and he said, "Could you ease up on China a little bit?" I said, "Why?" He said, "Because I'm very friendly with the president of China." I said, "How would you know the president of China?" He said, "When I was selling corn, he was the buyer." He was representing, and he came home, like, 40 years ago.

He told me this story. It was amazing. And I remembered, and I said, "How would you like to be ambassador to China?" Right? But I said, "Terry, let me ask you. Why would you know him?" He said, "Because we got to be friendly. He was a buyer of corn." And, you know, Terry was a very successful seller for the state.

And I remember the story, and it was pretty amazing. And he said to me that he went back home, and he told his wife. He said, "I met the most capable person, and I believe he's going to be a president of China someday." That was 40 years before, and lo and behold. So, when I became president, I took him out.

I said, "You just set the record. You're the longest-serving governor in the history of the country, not just of the state but of all states." 24 years or something like that. I said, "You've broken the record. How about doing the following? Why don't you become ambassador to China? You'll be friendly with President Xi. That makes sense to me and all that." And he did a very good job.

But because of that, Kim Reynolds, who was the lieutenant governor, she became governor, and that was fine with me. Then she was -- an election was coming up. And generally speaking, when people get put into a position like that, they lose in politics for whatever reason. It's like if you look back at the history books, when a governor appoints himself senator, which happens, they very rarely win.

I think they almost never win because people don't like that. But she was -- now she was the governor and doing nicely. She was doing fine. Yeah. It was not that difficult. This state is not that difficult, and it's a great state with great people. But she became the governor, and then she called me. She had a big problem.

She was running against a very wealthy man, I believe, a farmer. Handsome man, they said. Handsome, good-looking, wealthy, had everything, Democrat, and he was way up in the polls, and he was going to win. And I came in. I did a big rally. I did a big endorsement of her. I fought like hell, and she ended up winning, right?

And then the second time was much easier, but I also kept you in the position first. You were first in the nation, which I didn't have to do.

So, I did all these things, and then I spoke to Kim about, you know, four or five months ago, whatever. And she said, "I'd like to remain neutral." I said, "I'd like to remain neutral, too. I didn't have to come here and do rallies for you." And she said, "What do you mean?" "Well, because we're first in the nation, I'd like to remain neutral." I said, "I'm the one that kept you first in the nation." She said, "Well, you know, because of that, though, I'd like to remain neutral.

I'd like to be able to go and really politic and work with all of the candidates." I said, "All of the candidates are running against me. That doesn't sound like so good." And it wasn't a quid pro quo, as they used to say in impeachment hoax No. 1, which there were none, except with them. They had the quid pro quo.

They're the ones that cheated. We didn't cheat at all. But, you know, she said, "I think I'd like to be able to campaign with everybody." I said, "So, you're actually telling me that you want to be able to campaign with everybody because you're first in the nation. I'm the one that made you first in the nation, and I would have done it anyway.

I would have done it anyway." And I said, "All right. That's a very shocking thing, but you don't have to have..." I wouldn't, you know -- I mean, she's not here. I wouldn't have her here. So, that's the way it is. So, then she goes -- and I read where she's going to support Ron DeSanctimonious, who's like 50 points, who in the nation is like 50 points down and very substantially down here.

And people have found out he's got no personality, etc., etc. And, you know, when I -- after all the things I did, then he said -- essentially, he said, "I have no comment." "Are you going to run against the president?" He said, "I have no comment." When he says he has no comment, that means he's running.

So, I said, "If you're running -- oh, he's running." And my people, these geniuses all over the room, they said, "Sir, you shouldn't hit him. He's a Republican." I said, "I don't care if he's a Republican." And we hit him rather hard, and he went down. He went down like all the others. So, he went down, and it was one of those things.

But she said she's going to endorse him because he worked very hard. Now, how do you endorse somebody that's 40 or 50 points down? There's got to be something there. So, I'm not -- now I can only tell you this, and I have nothing -- I mean, that was her choice to do this, but I believe in loyalty. I didn't say I'm going to do this.

I don't care if she endorses me or not. It's not going to make any difference because the only endorsement that matters is the Trump endorsement. I hate to say it.

But when somebody does that, that's a lack of loyalty. And my people all told me, "Sir, don't bring up a story like that because..." I'm just doing this now because you're sort of -- we're all working for the same thing. We want to win this election. We're going to take back our country. But they said, "Sir, people don't care about loyalty." I said, "I think they do." And I've been right because here's what happened.

Six, seven months ago, she was the most popular governor in the country. Do you know where she is now? Last. She went from most popular governor in the country to the least popular, and he's right down at the bottom, too. So, she went from the most -- and I was even surprised to see this, but she went from the most popular governor in the nation to the least popular governor in the nation.

Same chart, same poll, very respected, everything else. It's shocking. But look, I wish her well. I mean, to me, I got along with her great. I did a lot for you. You're saved with your, you know, all your breakage, all your floods. You have so many floods I've never seen. I think you had record floods. We took care of Iowa better than any president ever, including the ethanol.

All of the problems that you were having with the heavy rain and the heavy falls and the breaking dams and everything else, we took care of everything. So, you really like to be shown some support when that happens, right? I don't think that's abnormal. I mean, she's supporting a guy that fought ethanol.

He fought your Social Security. He fought Medicare. You know, he wanted to raise Social Security up to 70, and he fought against Social Security. But he also fought ethanol because that's very personal to you. And he fought it very hard. And frankly, he fought the farmers, the farm bills and everything else.

I did just the opposite. By the way, with China, I got the farmers $28 billion from China. I went to Sonny Perdue, the secretary of agriculture, our secretary did a good job. I said, "Sonny, the farmers in our country have been treated very badly by China." Most of you that are in the business know that.

And I said, "What kind of damage have they done over the last four, five, six years?" And he came back the following day. He said, "About $28 billion." I said, "OK. China's going to pay them." And I took it out of the tariffs. I gave the farmers -- any farmer here get checks from me? Because -- right? Yeah.

Yeah. A lot of jobs, too. Remember, I said to everybody -- because the farmers were very loyal, they stuck. I said, "You know, we're going to go through a nasty process with China. They're not going to want to buy, all of the different things." I said, "We're going to go through this process. Just be loyal.

We're going to win, but you have to stay loyal." And they were unbelievable. I watched, I think, NBC TODAY show, if you can believe it. I don't know what I was watching it for. But they interviewed a farmer, and he was having a hard time. During the administration, very beginning, he said, "No. But President Trump is doing right." China stopped buying.

And we made one of the greatest deals, but I don't talk about it because of COVID. I talk about USMCA. That's Mexico, Canada. I talk about the deal with Japan, the deal with South Korea. I don't even talk about the China deal, but China deal is probably the best of all. They had to buy $50 billion worth of our product.

But I gave the farmers of our country $28 billion. And I said early on -- because I knew we were going to win the negotiation. It wasn't even that tough, frankly, but nobody else did it. Bush didn't do it, and Obama didn't do it. Nobody cared. Nobody fought for the farmer. I fought for the farmer, but they didn't do it. I knew we were going to win, but I said, "You got to remain tough.

You got to remain solid." And they were so unbelievable. The farmers were so incredible. He said, "President Trump is doing the right thing. I mean, we're hurting right now, but he's doing the right thing. We have to stick with him." And all of a sudden, the dam broke, and we made an unbelievable deal. And we gave you 28 billion.

And sometimes, I say it a little bit flippant. And they said, "Please don't say that. Please, sir." My people. "Please." I said, "Listen. We're going to win Iowa." "Well, how do you know, sir?" "Because I got them $28 billion for the farmers. I'll be flippant." "I mean, maybe you'll have an upset." "Who the hell else?

Biden doesn't even know what a farmer is." Biden. Can you imagine Biden laying in bed at night tossing and turning, thinking about how he's going to screw China for $28 billion for the farmers? I don't think he's going to be doing that, right? Sweating, sweating at night. No. He's sound asleep. They gave him his milk, and they put him to bed.

He doesn't give -- so, anyway, we did a great job for you, and I appreciate it. Listen. So, we will caucus.

OK. Thank you. I appreciate it. We got to do it. You know, the most important thing we have to do, and less so in this state because elections run properly, but they only focus on the six swing states, seven or five, depending on your definition of swing state, but those five to seven states, that means so much.

And I think we're going to maybe do a lot better than that. I think we can run the table in many cases. I think we're going to do a lot better in places that normally wouldn't be considered Republican territory. But let's not assume that, and you look at your five or six swing states. I think that -- that's the only thing I ask, is that I ask those states, in particular, less so you, but those states in particular to guard the vote.

I use the term guard the vote because we have all the votes we need. We're going to have -- I was in Florida yesterday. We're driving about 10 miles to a location for a meeting, and every house had Trump 2024 on it. We have all the votes we need. What we have to do is guard the vote. We don't need "We have found, you know, 1 million votes someplace." When I was watching Pennsylvania, it was so sad to see.

We had that state. We were up by, I think, 700,000 votes with 73% of the vote, and all of a sudden, it was tied. And it was so terrible, what happened. Just take a look at the states. And we have it all documented, too. I hope -- one of the great things about this shot, if the judge allows us, the judges, somebody's got to allow this thing to be prosecuted, we want to show how we won the election, not for purposes of -- what we want to do is we want to win this one that's coming up because it's a lot simple.

Think of the future. But you have to learn from history. If you don't learn from history, you're a fool. And we have to learn from history. So, I hope that that's going to happen because we have so much evidence. We have so -- and everybody knows it, and they know it. You know, the one thing they don't want to talk about is the election.

They don't want to talk because they're guilty as hell. They cheated like hell. They know it, and you'll never find out all the ways. But we don't need all the ways because, you know, it was -- I think 22,000 votes separated it, and we have millions and millions of votes. It's a very sad thing. So, the most important part of what's coming up is to guard the vote.

And you should go into Detroit, and you should go into Philadelphia, and you should go into some of these places, Atlanta. And you should go into some of these places, and we got to watch those folks when they come in, when they're being, you know, shoved around in wheelbarrows and dumped on the floor. And everyone's saying, "What's going on?" We're like a third-world nation, a third-world nation, and we can't let it happen.

So, I really appreciated caucus captains, with all those beautiful hats and anybody that becomes a caucus. You know, we give it to the people that are the captains. But I think we're going to have a phenomenal night. So, it's 7 p.m. on Monday, January 15th, Martin Luther King Day. And I really appreciate that.

And I'm very glad they didn't give me any notes because if I did, I would have been reading. I would have been saying, "Thank you, ladies." Biden. "Thank you." I saw something the other day that was incredible. He's taking questions. And again, I wouldn't talk this way, but he indicted me. Can you imagine?

I got indicted. I never heard -- the Wharton School of Finance, they didn't have a subject on you get indicted. It wasn't like something you think about, right? My father, my mother, and father, they're looking down. "My son got indicted more than Alphonse Capone." Don't forget, Al Capone was the toughest, meanest guy.

If you had dinner with him and if you smiled the wrong way, where he thought you were maybe smiling about him or mocking him, you were dead. You're a dead person. Scarface. You ever hear? Al Capone, Scarface. That was where the movie came from. He had a scar from here to here, and he did it. He didn't get that scar from playing Tiddlywinks.

Do we agree? He got indicted one time. I got indicted four times for nothing, for nothing. And, you know, I think one of the reasons our polls are so high, I think they're 25%, 30%, 40% higher than they might have been. One of the reasons is because of that, because People get it. They don't like to see it. They don't like to see it. They've weaponized the Justice Department against Republicans, against me, against churches, tremendous against parents.

I mean, against parents in favor of school boards that are run horribly. So, I think what they did was a big mistake. I know that they had two other options, and they said, "Don't do it again. Don't do it again. They're going to indict him into the White House. Don't do it again." So, it's one of those things, but it's very sad for our country.

When that happens, I think it's a very sad day for our country. So, if you would work really hard, make sure that you're working that night, bring as many people as you can to vote and do the caucus like nobody's ever done the caucus before. And we're going to win that, but we have to win the other. And I think that sends a really good signal.

The more we win, they're going to see that signal for the November election, and we have to win. You know, the one way you do win is you swamp them. If you swamp them, there's a point at which they can only -- they can only cheat so much. They will cheat. They're going to try and cheat like hell. It's so sad to see.

It's so sad to have to report. But if we swap them -- and part of swamping them is winning the primaries in record numbers, and I think we're going to do that. We seem to be doing it everywhere. We love you very much. Thank you very much. And remember that date. Remember that date. Thank you all very much.

Thank you.