Well, thank you very much. So many friends. Thank you. Thank you everybody. What a group. What a group. A lot of people outside. They want to be inside. Should we let them come in? I don't think so, right? Thank you all very much. And, Russell, thank you. What a job you've done so quickly.

It's been fantastic.

Thank you.

We love you too. And I'm proud to accept your endorsement. And I'm thrilled to be back in the great state of South Carolina. We won it twice by record numbers, and it's just a real honor. It's an incredible place. As the famous saying goes, "South Carolina picks presidents." You've heard that a little bit before, right?

In 2016, this state did exactly that, giving us 44 out of 46 counties, and I can't wait because the answer is we're going to get 46 this time. I think we're going to get all 46. I have a feeling. We're here today to announce our campaign's incredible South Carolina leadership team headed by Governor McMaster.

What a man, what a man.

Thank you very much. And, Peggy, thank you. We've been friends for almost from the minute we met. He wanted to endorse me, and I wanted to take his endorsement. I didn't have the endorsement from the person that for a period of time was a little bit above him, and that worked out very well for me, didn't it?

But, governor, you've done an incredible job, and congratulations on your recent very big record victory. Thank you very much, and Peggy.

And a friend of mine for a long time. We don't always agree, but that's OK, too. But he's a great guy, a great politician, actually, and a terrific person who loves your state, Senator Lindsey Graham. Thank you, Lindsey.

And many others. We're going to introduce you in a little while. I just want to say to so many patriots with us this afternoon, including South Carolina First Lady Peggy McMaster. Thank you, Peggy. What you had to put up with during these campaigns. What you had to put up with and you did your professional and a great, great person.

Thank you very much Peggy. We appreciate it. South Carolina Senate President Thomas Alexander. Thank you very much. Thanks, Thomas. Appreciate it. House Speaker Murrell Smith. Thank you, Murrell. This campaign will be about the future. This campaign will be about issues. Joe Biden has put America on the fast track to ruin and destruction, and we will ensure that he does not receive four more years.

We had a tremendous period of time. We had a tremendous thing happening just two and a half years ago. I used to say four years ago, then three years ago, then two years, and now it's -- all of a sudden, it's catching. So, two and a half years, if you just take a look at what we did where this country was greatest economy ever.

Largest tax cuts in the history of our country, largest regulation cuts in the history of our country. Space Force, Right to Try. We did so many things. Strongest border by the way. How important is that strongest border in history? We built hundreds and hundreds of miles of wall. We got Mexico to give us 28,000 soldiers free of charge, no cost, and we had the greatest border in history, and among the lowest years ever recorded for drugs.

And now the drugs are literally 10 times more than they were just two years ago. What's happening to our country? The 2024 election is our one shot to save our country, and we need a leader who is ready to do that on day one. We need a fighter who can stand up to the left, who can stand up to the swamp, stand up to the media, stand up to the deep state.

Am I allowed to say, stand up to the RINOs too? I think we can. I think we can say that. Stand up to the globalists and China and stand up for America. And that's what we do, we stand up for America, and that's why we had polls today come out. The best polls I think I've ever had, actually. People are seeing and they're liking us, but they're also not liking what's taking place in our country.

To change the whole system, you need a president who can take on the whole system and a president that can win. And we did great last time. We got 12 million more votes than we did the time before. Somebody interviewed me recently. What was the difference between 2020 and 2016? I said, "The difference is we did much better in 2020." We did get many millions of more votes, but we got to be careful on election day or as they call it now, election period, because these election days have gone into a long time.

Another crazy thing that's happened. There's only one president who has ever challenged the entire establishment in Washington. And with your vote next year, we will do it again. And I will do it again. This will not be my campaign. This is going to be our campaign. I just left New Hampshire. And the relationship we have with that group of incredible patriots is unbelievable.

Thousands and thousands of people coming from just the plain to the site, waving American flags. So proud of our country and so discouraged by what's happened. Together, we will complete the unfinished business of Making America Great Again. You know, when they hit MAGA? Oh, MAGA, MAGA, MAGA. That means Make America Great Again.

We're trying to explain that to a couple of Democrats. They don't quite get it. Just as we did two years ago, we're going to stop coal -- the invasion on our border. That's an invasion, our southern border. We went from the best to, I think, the worst in the world Henry. I think it's the worst ever. Because no third world country would allow that to happen.

They'd be there with sticks and stones if they had to be. But nothing like that happened. This is an invasion that nobody's ever seen anything like it. And I think the real number could be 15 million people, not 4 or 5 million people. They have no idea what the number is. And they're coming from prisons and they're coming from mental institutions, and they're coming from a lot of bad places that it's going to cause us a lot of problems.

And we have to get that straightened out, and we have to get it straightened out fast, and we have to remove a lot of people very, very fast because we can't have what they're sending. They're sending people that are killers, murderers, they're sending rapists, and they're sending, frankly, terrorists or terrorists are coming on their own.

And we can't allow this to happen. So, the illegal border crossers are going to be sent straight back home, those bad ones especially, and they're going to go fast. You know, when we were doing this two and a half years ago, we sent thousands of, you could call it MS-13, you could call it some of the gangs, the gang from hell.

These are not nice people. And we send them back home by the thousands and they didn't want to take them. They said, "No, we're not." And the Obama administration couldn't get them back. They said, "Sir, we can't get them back. They won't accept them." I said, "How much money do we pay them?" Sir, we pay them 750 million a year.

Tell them we're not paying them anything anymore. I got a call the next morning from the three presidents of those three particular countries. Sir, there must be a misunderstanding. We'd love to have them back. We'd love to have them back. You were there. You were. They would love to have them back. We'll take all the MS-13 you have, but please keep paying.

So we sent them back, but we still didn't give them the money. But now they made up for it because they give far more than what we were doing, Henry. We're going to end the free reign of violent criminals and Democrat run cities and keep dangerous repeat offenders locked up in jail where they belong. We're going to stop the left-wing radical racists and perverts who are trying to indoctrinate our youth, and we're going to get their Marxist hands off of our children.

We're going to defeat the cult of gender ideology and reaffirm that God created two genders called men and women. We're not going to allow men to play in women's sports. And by so doing, you know what happens. We're going to save the dignity of women and we're going to save women's sports itself. It's ridiculous.

It's ridiculous. We're going to bust up the censorship regime and bring back free speech again. We're going to find the deep state actors who have buried into government, fire them and escort them from federal buildings, and it'll go very quickly. We're going to stop the appalling weaponization of our justice system.

There's never been a justice system like this. It's all investigation. Investigation. I've been going through it for seven years. Oh, seven years. We want his taxes. They get the taxes. That's the end of that. Nothing. They were very good. They said, "He's very wealthy, but he didn't pay a lot of tax." But you know what?

We did. We created tremendous jobs because that incentivized us to pay and create tremendous amounts of jobs. And look, we have a country. It's all about incentive. You have to incentivize people, and they're taking the incentives away. We have to be very careful. But we have a weaponized justice system like this country has never seen before.

The FBI went to Twitter and they said the laptop is Russian misinformation. Think of it. Russian misinformation. And they said, "Just don't do anything. Don't say anything." This is just before the election. Then the election comes and goes. And they said, "Well, I guess we got that one wrong." Right? They all got it wrong.

It's a disgrace. Just that alone was such massive cheating. The pollsters say it made a difference of 17 points. We didn't need 17 points. We didn't need almost anything. We actually needed nothing. And we're going to restore election integrity. We have to. People have to believe in our elections. They have to believe in elections, and they have to believe in borders.

We need borders and we need fair elections and free elections. And if you don't have those two things, you don't have a country. Most importantly, we're going to reverse every single crisis, calamity and disaster that Joe Biden has created and bring safety, prosperity and prestige back to America. And I will say, we're going to put America First, as I did.

Just two and a half years ago, America was first, and there's never been a period of time like it. Every day for the United States so is April Fools' Day. This just occurred to me yesterday because I see what's happening and I say, "What's going on? What's happening? What's wrong?" It's like April Fools, right?

We have open borders when they should be closed. April Fools' Day, right? Who would open -- who would want open borders with everybody just pouring in? We have prisoners and people from mental institutions and terrorists being dumped into our country when they should not be accepted. April Fools, right? We have no voter ID when everyone wants it. Even the Democrats, they voted.

Eighty-eight percent want it. The ones that don't want it are the leaders because they want to cheat in elections. It's very simple. There's only one reason that you cannot want voter ID. You know, when they had their Democrat National Convention, I saw some of these guys, they had placards. They weren't just little pictures.

These were placards. They were bigger than the chest itself, except in maybe a couple of cases. And these things were monster. And it had the name, the picture, everything about the person. But for voting, they don't want you to have voter ID. We have a woke military that can't fight or win as proven in Afghanistan.

The way they were taken out was such a disgrace. And the people in the military are so great, but the leadership at top is just a disgrace. That should have never, ever happened. And we had it way down in Afghanistan. Everyone up here knows about it and we were doing great. They respected us. Abdul, Abdul, the head of the Taliban, I called him.

And I said, "Abdul, you're killing a lot of our people. Don't do it, Abdul." He was killing him, shooting him with -- in the Obama administration -- people, I got criticized for that call. I said, "Abdul, don't do it, Abdul." Yes, your excellency, I understand. I said, "If you do it, we are going to hit you harder than anybody has ever been hit in the history of our country." And that's very hard because we do have a great military.

A lot of people don't even realize it because of the way we run it. But we have great people. We have great generals, not the television generals. But I said, "Abdul, don't do it." He said, "But why do you send me a picture of my home? Why do you send me a picture of my house? Please tell me," I say, "Abdul, that you're going to have to figure out for yourself.

It's a lovely house." And for 18 months we had nobody. You know that, Lindsey. We had nobody killed or shot. Not one soldier. In fact, Biden even making a speech during that period, he said, "Well, say what you want. For 18 months, nobody was killed. No soldier, not one, not hindered, not shot at in Afghanistan." And then, they start screaming at him, "Don't say that.

You're not supposed to say that" because that's good for the Republicans. But that's true. We didn't lose one soldier in 18 months. We didn't have one soldier shot at in 18 months. And then, they had the catastrophe of that pullout, that horrible pullout, the way they did it was so embarrassing too. I believe it was the lowest day in the history of our country.

I really believe that. And I think that's one of the things that started with Russia. Russia looked at that. They saw that incompetence and they said, "Wow, this is a great time to go in." And by the way, that would have never happened. We should have a military that's conceived and fighting and winning, not conceived and woke.

And that's what we want. We want a military that wants to win. We have proposed mandatory electric stoves. Think of that. And electric cars. They want mandatory stoves. They want mandatory electric cars. The cars go for like two hours. What are you going to do? Everyone's going to be sitting on the highway.

We're all going to be looking for a little plug in. Does anybody have a plug in? My car just stopped. I've been driving for an hour and 51 minutes. It's ridiculous. And people that are cooks, I'm not much of a cook, but the cooks are saying gas is better, so use whatever you want, but have alternatives. If you want an electric car, if you want an electric stove or range.

Well, it's crazy what they're doing. It's crazy. We have people in the midst of the greatest crime wave in the history that wanted to fund our police. This is again April Fools. This is April Fools. Who would think we have the greatest crime wave right now in the history of our country? Crime is up 78% in cities.

Nobody's ever seen it like this. And they wanted to fund the police. And that's never gone away. You know, they tried to say, "Well, we're just sort of kidding. We're not really." They wanted to fund our police. It's not even believable. We have men being encouraged to compete against women, and that was brought up before.

But now I bring it up as April Fools. Who ever thought of a thing like this? We have men want to compete in women's sports. We have Antifa and BLM who hate our country and burn down our cities, and they're totally protected by law enforcement. And yet they put American patriots in jail. What's going on there?

That's all April 1st, April 1st, April Fools' Day. We're begging foreign nations for oil when we have more oil than they have. They think we're crazy. They think we're totally stone cold crazy. I speak to these people. They say, "You're begging us for oil. You got more oil than we'll ever have." I call it liquid gold.

It's right under our feet. And we decide to stop drilling oil right at its all-time high. Now, you have friends of mine are here, businessmen, great businesspeople. So, it hits a record price, and they say, "Let's stop drilling." It's supposed to be the opposite. April Fools, right? April Fools. It's the opposite.

When it hits a record price, let's drill. Let's lower taxes. Let's pay off debt. We would have been not only energy, we would have had energy for ourselves, but we were going to be -- we were going to have so much extra energy, double and triple what we would have needed. We would have paid off our debt. We would have made so much money.

We would have taken care of Europe. They would have paid us a fortune, which is much less than they're paying right now. Everybody would have been happy. But it's a shame when you see it. But that's April Fools. Think of it. We stop drilling when the oil prices hit the highest they've ever had. It's supposed to be the opposite.

We sell China millions of barrels when we can't get oil for ourselves, so we can't get the oil. We don't know what to do. We're looking for it. They call up the governor. Governor, you're a smart guy. Please help us get some oil. He says, "I'm sorry, I can't do that. It's under our ground. But they're restricting us from taking it out." Right?

Even your pipelines and things, they don't want pipelines. They don't want anything. And all-time high is supposed to be the opposite. We demand windmills be built on our oceans, our prairies, our mountains, and our plains, only to realize that they're killing all our eagles and our birds. If you kill a bald eagle, they put you in jail for five years, but the windmills knock out thousands of them.

Nothing happens. And it's the most expensive and least reliable form of energy on the planet. And the wind turbines are all made in China. Some are made in Germany, but most of them are made in China. Think of it. But he's protecting your shores. I can tell you, these people, your shores are being protected.

They're not letting that one happen. I don't think the people on those beautiful beaches are going to be too happy with that. They're not letting that happen. I'm not letting it happen either. We have a president whose son's laptop from hell gets taken over and exposes massive corruption like nobody's seen before, and then the FBI goes and convinces the media that it's all nonsense.

Don't believe it, don't believe it. All disinformation. And they say, "Don't worry about that. Let's go after Trump." Trump, let's get Trump. I sold something in New Hampshire. I said, "You know, the son goes to the father." He says, "You know, dad, they got the craziest guy. He's running this store to fix laptops, and I gave him my laptop and he's really gone wild, dad.

He's saying bad things about me. Really bad. He's saying bad stuff." But what's he saying, son? Tell me, what's he saying? What do they say about me? Well, it's exposed every single crime that you've ever committed, dad. Then I say at some point, doesn't Biden have to say this son thing is not working out well?

I mean, if you think you guys are great politicians. At some point, don't you sort of say, like this whole deal with the sun with Hunter, it's not working out great. Not working out great. We have an FBI and a Justice Department that raids a very secure Mar-a-Lago in Florida, placed under lock and key, with additional locks added at their request.

But then they want nothing to do with Biden's garage, where classified documents are strewn all over a wet floor. You know. Anybody know much about garages? Those floors get very damp and wet, so you can just imagine. And then, it turned out today they just announced that house was used as Hunter Biden's office to deal with foreign countries.

Can you believe it? Oh, you didn't hear that? They got a bigger charge than I thought. Most people -- they're so used to this corruption, there's not much of a charge. You go, yes, yes, yes, every day in America has become April Fools' Day. This is what it feels like. Because I could go over. I could do this all day long.

We could say things. It's just the opposite. They do just the opposite of common sense. You know, people think of Henry as a conservative and he's conservative, but he's basically a man of common sense. I think we all are. We're men of common sense and women of common sense, because this is really common sense.

It's not about party. They're doing things that destroy our country that are so obvious. Two years ago, we had that great energy independence and it was surrendered for no reason. South Carolina families are paying over 50% more for gasoline than they were when I left office, and it's actually much higher than that.

We were at $1.87 a gallon. And now, think of it, now we're at $4, $5. California is still at seven, but it's going up. You know, they use the national reserve. I filled up the national reserves. I did that because we had so much. I made one miscalculation. I got them so incentivized. They were producing so much gasoline.

They were going to go out of business. And the prices were going down. Remember when it was you could buy, get a barrel of oil for nothing and they'd give you $37, but you had to take it away. So, it was no good for the Wall Street guys because they don't like carrying barrels of oil. But you, literally, we had a period of time, but we were producing it like never before, and we created something that nobody's ever seen.

We would have been at a level that nobody's ever seen before. But just as I did before, I will unleash America's vast energy resources. Those guys can start up quickly. It will also, by the way, knock the hell out of inflation. You know, inflation was caused by energy. Energy is very, very big, very powerful, very -- all invasive.

This is a big thing energy. And when you're a chef and you're cooking or when you have a store and you're doing something, or when you're sending trucks around to deliver things or whatever you're doing, it's so much energy. The cost of the energy. And that cost was up 50, 60, 70%, 80%. It was going up like crazy.

And don't forget, it's artificially known. Now, it's starting to inch up again very rapidly, actually, because he took these strategic national reserves that I built up and he took everything out. And now it's at the lowest level. I just read that it has been in 40 years, 42 years. So, this is crazy. That's supposed to be used for war, for our protection.

It's not supposed to be used to get gasoline prices down for an election, which is what they did.

Well, thank you. I love you, too. But we handed Biden a great economy, the fastest economic recovery ever recorded. It was the fastest ever recorded. But now families are being crushed with real wages down 21 months in a row. Twenty-one months in a row. As president, it would be my personal mission to put a secure, middle-class lifestyle within the reach of every single South Carolina family.

And we'll do it easily. We're going to beat inflation rapidly, rapidly. You know, the one thing is, it's not as easy as it would have been because it was singularly it was -- what caused it was energy. Now, everything is causing inflation, Henry. Everything. But to beat inflation we will stop the government spending insanity, $1.7 trillion just approved.

And we'll rebuild the greatest economy in the history of the world. And I did it before, and I'll do it again, and it won't even be difficult. It's not even going to be difficult. And we would be respected because we were respected as a country. You know, they did a poll that I wasn't as popular in Germany as Obama.

Of course I wasn't, because, I mean, if anybody that wins those polls is not doing a good job for the United States. And we both got big crowds, but they wanted to see who's more popular. And the German people, great people, they said, "This guy has really beaten us up." No, we make them pay because they took advantage of us on trade and so does every country.

There's not a country that didn't. But we renegotiate USMCA. We renegotiated all of our trade deals and making a fortune. And the greatest deal I made, I can't even talk about it. It's the deal we made with China. The farmers took in $50 billion worth of purchases where they were taken in nothing, and I got $28 billion from the Chinese to give to our farmers, because they took advantage of our farmers for years.

And I got them to pay 28 billion directly to our farmers, and nobody believed that was possible. And on the border, I really like the president of Mexico happens to be a socialist. You know, we've missed socialism because our Democrat Party and others, they never stopped. You know, the train never stopped.

It's supposed to stop at socialism. It just passed. So, we're down to Marxism and communism, OK. It never stopped. But I said to him, "President, we have to have 28,000 soldiers guarding our border." He said, "We can't do that." I said, "You have to do that." And I said, "28,000 soldiers and we also have to have stay in Mexico.

Everybody has to stay in Mexico." I can't do that. You got to do that. Then he sent a representative. He laughed at me when I said it. He said, "No, no, we can't do that. We won't do that." I said, "You have to do it. And if you don't do it, we're going to charge you a 25% tax on every single product you sell to the United States." And he said, "Could I get back to you in five minutes?

I'd like to make one call." I think that might have been to the president. And he made the call and he said, "It would be our honor to give you 28,000 free soldiers. It would be our great, great honor to allow you to have stay in Mexico for millions of people." Millions and millions of people. You remember that one.

Unlike Biden, who's wasting hundreds of billions of dollars on the Green New Deal, I will send South Carolina the world class infrastructure that you truly need. Just as I ensured that Charleston was the deepest water port on the East Coast, we took care of it. That was us, right? We took care of it. We got the best, the deepest.

You know, we had a sign up there. It said, "Dig, We Must." Forget about everything. Dig, We Must. They're saying, "Oh, no, there was a snail there." I said, "That's all right, we'll work that out." But you have the deepest port by far on the East Coast. And that was a big thing. I assume that had a big -- that's great, right?

Good job. You did too. By phasing in tariffs and restrictions, we will phase out imports of all essential goods from China, and we will bring those jobs and factories back to South Carolina and our other great states. And I will force the Chinese to sell any holdings in the United States that put our national security at risk to have to do this.

I took in hundreds and hundreds of billions of dollars in taxes and tariffs from China, brought in businesses, and brought them back from China like nobody's ever seen before. It's never been done. No other president has ever done anything like it. No other president has ever taken in $0.10 from China. It was always, oh, they're a developing nation.

They say they're a developing nation. So, on trade deals and all of this, they just rip us off. Nobody's ever ripped us off, but other countries rip us off also. But nobody's ever ripped us off like China. When I got in, $507 billion with a B, billion, in deficits with China. Think of it. Not even sustainable.

But this is why we have $32 trillion in debt. When you think about it, much of it's owed to China, which is interesting. We have to work that out. I can see a nice swap there. You know, you've screwed us for about 30 years. Let's negotiate that debt. Let's renegotiate the debt. No. It's ridiculous. We owe them trillions of dollars, and they've taken advantage of us. I don't think that's good.

Under Biden, fentanyl, heroin, meth, and other lethal drugs are pouring across our wide open border, tearing families and communities apart. Drug overdose deaths are up 13% in South Carolina last year, and the reason is the drugs are just pouring in at levels. Ten times what they were two and a half years ago.

Who can believe that? Ten. This isn't 100%. This is 10 times. The drug cartels are waging war in America, and it's time for America to wage war right now on the drug cartels. So, we're going to smash their trafficking networks. And just as we destroyed the ISIS caliphate, we achieved the most secure border in US history.

And despite two and a half years of litigation from the Democrats and even some Republicans, I built hundreds of miles of wall. We got it built. We were building additional wall even more than we promised. And then, we had that ridiculous result in the election, and they immediately stopped. And that's when I said, Henry, they really want people to come into the country because we had the wall sitting there.

All it had to be is erected three weeks, and all of those additional areas that I didn't even think we would be able to do, they would have been done. And they not only didn't do them, they took all of that expensive material into areas where Texas and Arizona can't use them. It's unbelievable. They wouldn't even let them use them.

So, as we restore every border security policy of the Trump presidency, I will also demand that Congress impose criminal penalties on any future administration that erases America's borders, as Joe Biden has done. They've erased our borders. Through weakness and incompetence, Joe Biden has brought us to the brink of World War III.

We're at the brink of World War III, just in case anybody doesn't know it. As president, I will bring back peace through strength. Peace through strength. Would have never happened. If I was president, there would not have been a war with Russia in Ukraine, and zero chance that Lindsey would be happy with that.

That's better than any alternative. Wouldn't have happened. And I will say this even now, despite tremendous loss of lives and destruction of -- much of that country, I would have a peace deal negotiated within 24 hours. You could make a peace deal. You could make a deal for both. Right now, 24 hours. That deal could be done.

That deal is waiting to be done. But there's nobody to do it. To protect Americans from the threat of hypersonic missiles and nuclear weapons, I will build state of the art next generation missile defense shields. And just as I rebuilt our military -- we totally rebuilt our military. Unfortunately, we gave 85 billion of it to the Taliban.

How was that? Was that a good deal? We took the military out first and then -- and we left Bagram. How about leaving Bagram? One of, I think, the biggest Air Force Base in the world. We left Bagram. And you know who's occupying Bagram right now? China. And I didn't care about Bagram from Afghanistan. It's one hour away from where China makes its nuclear weapons.

And we left. We gave it to them. We should have never left that. You agree with that? You agree with that? Everybody who's intelligent agrees. We should have kept it. We left by the dark of night. We left the lights on and we left the dogs behind. You know, the dog lovers are saying what happened to the dogs?

We had a lot of dogs. We left the dogs behind. They don't like to say that, but that's what happened. But we left. And I don't think the Taliban is too good with dogs, right? I don't think they have that loving feeling for dogs. But I'll build the shield and the workers and the servicemembers of your state will be at the heart of that action.

You'll be building it and you'll be manufacturing it, and you'll be doing a lot, because a lot gets done in your state, and a lot gets done in your state because of me and because of these gentlemen coming to me and say, "Can we do it in South Carolina?" And I'd say, "Yes, every time." Right, Henry? I'd say, yes, every time.

We will get critical race theory and other left-wing lunacy out of our military, and we will get it out of our classrooms and we'll get it out fast. And, you know, we had it out. But one of the first things when he signed all of those documents, those wonderful documents, I wonder if any of those documents are on the garage floor of his house.

It's a document. But when he signed all of that stuff, we will get it out, and we had it out, and our military was clean. We fired a lot of people that taught it. They were highly paid people too. These were people making $300,000, $400,000 a year. They were teaching this nonsense. So, we want to teach people how to win wars.

That's what we want. As I announced this week, I will cut federal funding for any school pushing far left sexual or political content on our children, and I'll create massive incentives for states and school districts to adopt crucial reforms to protect parents' rights. Can you believe we're even talking about this?

Henry, we're talking about parents' rights. We're saying we're going to protect parents' rights. Ten years ago, who would even say that? Parents' rights. Yeah, we're going to protect parents' rights. Who would think that would even have to say it? Today, it's like a big political statement. We will protect parents' rights.

We'll bring them back. That includes the direct election of public-school principals by the parents. If any principal is not getting the job done, the parents should have the right and be able to vote or to fire them and to select someone else that will do the job properly. So, these are just a few of the big ideas to restore a great America that I will be talking about.

And the big thing is the polls. We're leading everybody by so much. Remember in 2016, I used to go around bragging about the polls only if they were good. If they were bad, I wouldn't actually talk about it, but they were mostly good. But I'd go around and I'd say, "You know, this poll just came out. McLaughlin just came out and I'm leading by 20 and I'm leading by 10." And I'd go, and people would drove the fake news media crazy.

You got a lot of fake news out there, by the way. That's a lot of fakers. That's a lot of people. That's a lot of people. But they must be here for you. I think they're here for you because you're doing such a good job. But we do have a lot. But, you know, what we're doing is so important because we're going to save our country.

If we don't save our country -- our country is very fragile, very fragile. It's all very fragile. Everything is. We got to save our country. And I want to introduce the amazing South Carolina leadership team that will help us win the chance to put this vision in action. There could be no better team. And these are friends of mine and they're great politicians.

And by the way, we have some others that call me today who couldn't be here. They're away. They're all over the place, but they also want to endorse. And they'll be announcing it very shortly. But we have some great people, very important South Carolina politicians, that are going to be additionally endorsing us very quickly.

And, you know, about that. We got about four of those calls today. They were like emergency calls. It's an emergency that I speak to the president, but it's first in the South. It's primary. We're going to keep it that way. First in the South. It's a very important state. First in the South. And there were people wanting to move it. And I said, "We're not moving South Carolina.

No, we're not moving it." First in the South and you'll always be. I'm proud to announce that we have your amazing governor, Henry McMaster, your senior US senator, Lindsey Graham, great friends of mine. Your lieutenant governor, Pamela Evette. Pamela. Where's Pamela? Pamela.

Oh, OK. Hi, Pamela. Thanks. Your state treasurer, Curtis Loftis, and a friend of mine. Oh, that voice. That voice was so beautiful as he called it out in Congress. Congressman Joe Wilson. I thought it was brilliant. See, that was done from the heart. That was done from the heart. That was -- I don't know if you know it or not.

You took a little heat at the time. People love you for that because it showed honesty, dedication, and love of your country, right? And say hello to your son too. He's doing a great job. And a young, wonderful congressman who came into it early and somewhat unexpectedly, right? And boy, did you turn out to be a professional?

You won by the largest margin in history until Cheney. I have to be honest. She lost by a number that was even bigger than your opponent lost by. Your opponent lost by 26 points. She lost by 40. So, you're going to have to go back to work on your next opponent. But your second. Second biggest all time Russell Fry.

Thank you, Russell. And another one who's been so fantastic, Congressman William Timmons. He has been so great. Thank you, William. Thank you very much. And a friend of mine, somebody that could, I think, run for almost any office and win lieutenant governor, former, André Bauer. I think he could win for pretty much anyone.

A man who did a fantastic job, who was a real US attorney, Peter McCoy. Peter, great job. And another friend of mine, you know, I sent him to a country that makes the finest desserts in the world. I shouldn't have done that. But he did OK. He did OK. You're looking very thin, actually. Ed McMullen. He's a great guy.

Ambassador. And there's also an incredible group of state legislative leaders here who will be supporting us in a very big way and we're going to be announcing it over the next couple of weeks. We have tremendous support. I think we have really tremendous support all over the country. This is the first time I've done this.

We're early. You know, when I announced a couple of months ago, the fake news said, "Why isn't he campaigning? There must be something wrong." I said, "It's two years before the election. Give me a break." But we have huge rallies planned bigger than ever before. The rallies are actually bigger than they've ever been because there's a spirit like we've never seen before.

And it's been, I think, unequaled ever in the history of our country and it's more spirit now than we had at any time. And that includes 2020 and even 2016. So, I'd like to invite Governor McMaster, who is so incredible, to say a few words, followed by Senator Graham, Lieutenant Governor Evette, Representatives Wilson, Fry, Timmons, Ambassador McMullen.

And based on that list, please go quickly. Other than Henry, I don't know. Henry and Lindsey, but why don't you start it off? Thank you, Henry, very much. Please.

Thank you.

Thank you, Andre.

Thank you very much. Thanks, Ed. So, we'll just conclude by saying I very much appreciate it. I respect these people so much, these people so much, and the states so much, and God bless you. We need the blessings from God. Our country is in big, big trouble. God bless you all. And we'll turn it around, and we'll turn it around fast.

Thank you all very much. Thank you.