Wow. Thank you very much. And this is, by the way, one of the truly most respected people in all of politics, beyond your state, beyond anywhere. So, I just want to thank you. That was a really wonderful thing, the endorsement. Thank you very much.

Thank you very much. That was nice. Very nice. Thank you very much. Thank you.

Well, thank you very much. And we're going to discuss little thing about caucuses today, right? We got to get out. We got to get this vote. And we're going to be tremendously successful. And they say it's Adel, Adel. Please say, "Don't say Adel and say Adel." And you got it. I wouldn't get that wrong for anything.

That not even a chance. But I really appreciate such a big crowd on such short notice, and we're going to do another one in a little while, and we just love being with you. We love being with Iowa. You've been -- now, Biden would say, "Love being with Florida." I said, "You're in Iowa." Even the palm trees don't make a difference.

You know, these palm trees, it's wonderful to be in Florida and you're in Iowa. He gets a lot of them mixed up. If that ever happened to me, it would be over. Did you see him in 60 Minutes last night? The questions? "Isn't it true that you really like Israel a lot and that you'll do this and this?" And he goes, "Yes." "Isn't it true?" They don't treat me that way in "60 Minutes," I want to tell you.

It's a little bit different, but we like it the way we have it, right?

And you should go and -- you know, sit down. I don't want you to stand here for 45 minutes, right? Although it's not a bad idea, I'd rather have her stand right here because having your endorsement is such a great honor, and I just want to thank you. OK? Thank you very much. Again, thank you.

Have a good time. I should keep her up here the whole time, right? Because having that endorsement is very meaningful to me and to everybody. It's a very respected -- that's a very respected person. But I also thank you very much. Thank you very much, sir. I appreciate it. I also want to thank -- we have some great friends here.

We have State Representative Bobby Kaufman. Where's Bobby? Where's Bobby? Bobby. Thank you, Bobby. What a job they're doing. Mike Sexton. Mike. Thank you. Thank you, Mike. Good job. State senators Tim Kraayenbrink. Thank you, Tim. It's -- these are all people that endorsed. People that don't endorse, we don't have them.

Now they're all calling, you know, DeSanctimonious bombed. He bombed. He doesn't like ethanol. He doesn't like Social Security, and he doesn't like Medicare. Other than that, he's doing quite well, right? Brad Zaun. Brad. Where's Brad? He was the first -- come on, Brad. Come on. Get up here, Brad. Fast. Fast.

Fast. Come on. You know, he was the first one in the whole country to endorse me. I -- I didn't even know I was running. Come here. You want to say something? Come on. Go ahead.

You're welcome. Thank you, Brad.

Thank you. I call him the Marlboro Man. He looks like the Marlboro Man to me. He could do anything. But you know, it's true. He endorsed me before I even ran. He said, "There's a guy in New York that'd be great. We got to get him, Trump." And not too long after that, we announced. So, he was definitely our first endorsement and a great wonderful guy, and these people have been there with me from the beginning.

And another one that's been here, and he's a terrific person, a great football player by the way, Matt Whitaker, who's around some place. Matt's around some place. Thank you, Matt. He's a very, very loyal and wonderful man. He was really has -- he's been a wonderful man, and he's got a very special person looking down on him because a very special person who passed away, not so long ago, is looking down on Matt, and Matt is amazing.

I mean, what you have to go through. But I just want to thank you, and that's true. That person, you know who we're talking about, looking down on you and proud of his father. OK? And here today, we're really talking about commit to caucus. You ever hear that expression? Don't forget you have the caucus and you're first in the nation because of a certain person named Trump.

Don't let anyone tell you it was somebody else. Now, the people I introduced, they're pushing me very hard, but we decided to do that and we wanted to do it. And we did it. And I made that promise to you a long time ago. You'll never be anywhere else but exactly where you are, first in the nation. Exactly 91 days.

Can you imagine? Ninety-one days. Are you ready?

Are you ready? Wow. You know, we had a very bad thing happened in the last election and, I said, "Geez, either we're going to flip it, we're going to get honest people, or we're going to just have to wait and do it." And we set a record. We got the -- we did much better in the second one than we did the first one.

We set a record in votes. We got 12 million more votes. But just think of it, and I said one way or the other, but the other we have to wait four years. Now four years is down to 91 days before we start with the caucus, and we're going to have great success. We won -- as you know, we won the election twice by a lot in Iowa.

And it's not a Republican. I don't -- you know, I shouldn't be saying this, but it's not necessarily a guaranteed Republican deal here. You had other people win it. We won't mention their names, but they won. But we won it twice, and we won it by a lot. And I sounded very cocky. They said, "Please don't say that again, sir." I said, "How the hell do I lose Iowa?

I got $28 billion for the farmers, right, $28 billion." They said, "Sir, you shouldn't take it, you know, take it for granted," I guess they would tell me. "Please, don't take it for granted, sir. It doesn't sound right." "But I got $28 billion, so I'm taking it for granted." Who the hell -- and they came -- the money came from China.

You think getting $28 billion from China? Because what they did to you is they took advantage of Iowa and the farm states, a very serious advantage for a long time. And I found out how much it was and they said it's 28 billion and we took in hundreds of billions of dollars. No other president took in $0.10. We took in hundreds of billions of dollars, and no president ever even asked him.

No president would. You think Biden would say, "You know, the farmers in Iowa and Nebraska and different states, Wisconsin, they got very, very badly hurt. And we think you should pay 28 billion." And I didn't do it exactly that way. I did it a little bit differently than that, but it was a very effective approach, obviously, because they paid you 28 billion.

A lot of people in this room have big beautiful tractors and extra land. I said, "Here's what you have to do. Just stick with me. We're going to make a great trade deal." Because you know we did the USMCA. We did a lot of great things. But the best deal was the deal I made with China where they pay 50 billion.

You know, originally it was 15 billion. The number was always 15. That was at their maximum. That's what they got. And I went to my people and I said, "What's the number you're talking?" They said "15." So, they said, "15." I said, "Oh, OK." So, I thought they meant 50. In other words, I misunderstood them.

So, I started telling everybody, "I got to get you 50." They said, "Sir, it's 15." I said, "It's too late. I've already said it." No. I said, "So, get me 50. We want 50." They went back. They said, "We have to have 50. He's not going to take less than 50." And they got it. We got it. So, think of that one.

I said, "Something wrong with my hearing? What's going on over here?" I thought it was -- I thought they said 50. Actually, that turned out to be a very good thing. And it was a great deal, but then COVID came and that was a whole new ballgame. I sort of didn't -- I don't even talk about that deal, but that was one of the greatest deals.

And you know, the one thing is you have to have a president that knows how to push it. I'd go to the office every day and I'd say, "How's China doing today? Are they buying? Are they buying? Are they buying?" Because they have to buy it. And with me, they bought. With Biden, they're not buying like they're supposed to be buying.

You know, they're sort of letting it sleep a little bit. They're going to other countries to curry favor. But pretty soon we'll have them buying again. What -- we will have them buying again. But still, I say that the economy, basically, is just running on our firms. We had the greatest economy in history, and the only reason we're doing OK now, and it's not very good.

It's heading south very fast. You know, gasoline just hit $5.5 a gallon. You saw that. We were at $1.87. We're actually lower than that at some points, but it just hit $5, $5.5. In California, it's up to $7 and $8. So, here we go again. Here we go again with this guy. But I told you, buy larger tractors and more land.

Remember when I was negotiating with China? It took a while, but the farmers were very loyal. They didn't say, "Oh, what's he doing?" Because for a while, they said, "You're going to suffer for a little while." It's like -- I called a good negotiation. But I said that to the farmers and they said, "