Well, thank you.  Thank you. Thank you. Well, thank you very much to the next vice president of the United States, JD Vance. He's doing a great job. You know, they go after JD. You know why? He's for the worker. He's for people that get out and they want to work, work, work. And, frankly, they are people that have been taking advantage of it. He doesn't like it, and he's done great.

He's done great. He's been everything we could have expected and much more. So, JD, thank you very much. I appreciate it. And thank you to Atlanta. I'm thrilled to be back in the great state of Georgia. I love Georgia with thousands of proud, hardworking American patriots. Crazy Kamala, ultra left. You know that.

She was here a week ago, lots of empty seats. But the crowd she got was because she had entertainers, and it all started to unfold when they started to leave about 10 minutes into the speech. It was very boring. I don't need entertainers. I fill the stadium because I'm making America great again. That's our entertainment.

That's our entertainment, making America great again. And I have to tell you, we have thousands of people outside. And the state was terrific but the -- and the fire marshal, I will say, could not have been better. Thank you to the fire marshal. But -- but the school administration stopped us from getting another 500, 600, even a 1,000 people in. Thousands of people were told no, and that was OK, but we could have fit another 600 people.

So, I don't know anything about this school. I don't know anything about this school, but they could have allowed more people. You got people standing outside. Just look at all the people outside. They could have come in. They could have come in. So, we're not happy. Hello out there. And then they actually push the people very far away from the building where we have beautiful cameras set up for the overflow crowds, the administration of the school.

So, I'm not sure if I'm going to be sending anybody to this school. I'm not happy about it. If they're going to stand in the way of admitting people to our rally, just imagine what they're going to do on Election Day. We're not going to let that happen. Ninety-four days from now, we're going to win the great state of Georgia in an epic landscape.

And we're going to defeat crazy Kamala. Kamala -- you know, there's about 19 different ways of saying it. She only likes three. Biden never even came close. Hamala, she -- Hamala. No, it's Kamala. We're going to evict this radical and incompetent administration from the White House. They're destroying our country.

We're going to save our country. We're going to save our country. Yesterday, it was announced that unemployment is surging with 350,000 Americans joining the unemployment rolls just last month. Tell you what. We could end up in a depression. We could end up in World War III and a depression. How about that?

Could happen, too.  Under Harris-Biden policies, we now have the highest unemployment rate in three years. Just came out yesterday. You know, I was surprised. Those numbers were terrible. If Harris wins this election, you will quickly have a Kamala economic crash. You're going to have a crash.

You could also have a crash like in 1929, more specifically, because that's where we're headed. When we win, you will rapidly see a brand new Trump economic boom. It's going to be booming like it was four years ago. With your vote, inflation will stop, the illegal aliens will be turned back. They're not coming in. We got to stop them.

Did you see what she's now saying? "Oh, we had a very good border. Oh, great." They had the worst border in the history of the world. It's all misinformation. That's all they're good at, that and cheating on elections. They're very good at that. The cartels will be crushed, crime will plummet, incomes will soar, the wars will end, and the American dream will come roaring back bigger, better, and stronger than ever before, right?

Yes.  Thank you. But with four more years of Kamala, the California socialist -- you know, she destroyed San Francisco, then she destroyed the whole state. Look at what's going on in California. With your family and our country, it'll never recover. If you have any more time with these people, it's already -- I'm worried about the next three months if you think about it. These people are grossly incompetent.

You'll end up in World War III, I'll tell you. And I hope I'm not right about that. You know, do you ever see the hats? Trump is right about everything. I don't want to be right about her. Her policies of open borders and double-digit inflation and inflation like we've never seen before, it's destroying middle-income families, working families, all families, will demolish your life savings.

Forty million or fifty million illegal aliens will invade our country during the next four years if they're in, 40 million or 50 million. Medicare and Social Security, you know, she said she wants to put everybody on health care. You know, that's wonderful. It's all wonderful. First of all, they shouldn't be told to come here.

Many of them were fine where they were, but no country can sustain this. Social Security will buckle and collapse. The suburbs will be overrun with violent crime and savage foreign gangs. That's what they're doing. You know, they're sending all their gangs into the United States, right? Look, there's front-row Joe's. You didn't get into the front row.

What happened to you? I -- oh, what happened? Thank you. We have front-row Joe's. They've been to 229 rallies. And then -- look at these people. These -- I call them the beautiful ladies, and you're not allowed to say that anymore. It's the end of your political career if you say beautiful. You're barely allowed to say ladies, right, because that could also be destructive.

But they're beautiful, they're ladies, and they're great. And they've been to 216 rallies. From North Carolina. They look great. Happily married. I got to talk to their husbands. I don't know. They're way over 200 rallies, and they're incredible people. Thank you very much, by the way. Thank you. Appreciate it. Together, we will stop Kamala Harris's nation-wrecking -- I tell you what.

When you see what she's done to our nation, she's wrecking our nation, the radicalism. We'll take back our country from the worst administration in American history. Biden was the worst president in the history of our country. She's acknowledged to be the worst vice president in the history of our country.

She doesn't have a clue. You know, if she doesn't have a teleprompter, she can't even speak. Did you see it the other night? They put a camera in her face, she can't even talk. We just went through four years. Let's not go through another. Couldn't talk. That was terrible. You know, they were -- by the way, I'd like to congratulate Vladimir Putin for having made yet another great deal.

Did you see the deal we've met? Now, look, we want to get people in. You know, we got 59 hostages. I never paid anything. They released some of the greatest killers anywhere in the world. Some of the most evil killers they got, and we got our people back. But, boy, we make some horrible, horrible deals, and it's nice to say we got them back.

But does that set a bad precedent, Burt, right? Does that set a bad -- does that set a bad precedent, Burt? Harris has the most ultra left-wing agenda of any presidential candidate ever in history. There's never been anybody like this. She is considered more left wing than crazy Bernie Sanders. Look at her.

She's worse than Bernie, and she happens to be really a low-IQ individual. She really does. She has a very low IQ. We don't need her low IQ. President Xi of China said, "Oh, good. We have another one, a low-IQ individual." They love dealing with low IQ. They love dealing with low-IQ people, and they got them here.

I'll tell you, we got them all. She is terrible. She's worse than -- I think she's worse than him. By the way, they really took it away from the guy, right? I don't feel sorry for him because he's a bad guy. You know, he's weaponized the whole thing, and nobody's ever done that in this country. But he's a a bad guy.

But people feel sorry for him. They did a coup. He just doesn't know it. But, actually, he does know it, you know that. They said, "Joe, you got 14 million votes. It's yours, but you're going to give it up. You're going to give it up right now, Joe. You're giving it up right now." "No. I'm not. I was elected democratically.

I was elected..." "No. You're giving it up, Joe. We're either going to do it the nice way or the hard way, Joe. You're getting the hell out." And it was the debate performance. So, here's what happened in the debate. You know, we went there. It was the highest-rated debate ever and -- which was a great compliment.

And as I left the debate stage -- I took off because other people were entering the stage. You understand. I said, I don't want to confront other people. So, we had a great debate. But as I left, CNN, I won't say who, but they said that was the single greatest debate performance I've ever seen. And this went on for two days.

They were saying how great I was. On the third day, they didn't mention that anymore. They said he was terrible. I liked it the first way better. I made him choke. Don't kid yourself. We made him choke. He was choking like a dog. He was choking. He was choking like a dog. And that was the end of him. I mean, that was the end from that.

Then they said, "OK, this was a disaster." So, then they started doing interviews with people that are, you know, 100 percent bought, the media, the fake news media. They had some people interviewing him like George Slopadopoulos, ABC. The -- ABC is one of the worst, by the way. They're all sort of bad when you get right down, but ABC is bad.

And they're asking them hardball questions like, "Where did you stay last night? Did you think you did well in the debate?" Even though you could -- did you ever see a guy in a debate? You know, they give you like two minutes to answer. And you want to use up -- you got so much fertility in there, you'd want to use up every second.

And he'd answer a question. "You have 92 seconds left." And I kept saying, "I'll take them." And he said, "Oh." You have 92 seconds left. He goes, "Oh." This is not what he wanted. He left a lot of time on the board, but I went right down to the last second. I didn't want to go a little bit over because I know they'd cut me. They would've cut me. But they were very fair, actually, CNN, shockingly honestly.

They were very fair. I was -- they want to do another one, you know? We're doing one with Fox if she shows up. I don't think she's going to show up. She can't talk. She can read a teleprompter, I'd give her about a six on a scale of 10. Six. For talking, I'd give her less than a one. We need people that can talk.

Kamala pledged to give free tax payer-funded health care to all illegal aliens. How do you like that idea?  Which will destroy social security. She called for the abolition of ICE. Listen, ICE. I know some people here. Two of them are really tough guys. They're fighters. They're vicious people.

They're good, tough people. They don't want to work for ICE. ICE will go into a pack of MS-13 killers and thugs. And for about two minutes, you just see fists flying back and forth, back -- and then they stand up, and they win. And they grab them. They throw them in a paddy wagon. They get them the hell out of the country.

And she's calling them -- she's calling them the equivalent of KKK, OK? And she loves deadly sanctuary cities. By the way, all of the things you're hearing now, she's now denying. But, you know, the one good thing about the Internet, you press a button and you got it. Although, they are trying to delete everything.

You know, they changed the picture of me from a couple of weeks ago, and they really radicalized it. They changed it, you know, using AI. They changed it. They had all the people on the stage who were angry, and they were smart and sharp and very brave. And they had them all big smiles on their faces. Can you believe that?

They put the agents, who I have to tell you, say what you want, those people were brave. They were running to me, and the bullets were flying. The Secret Service, they were very brave. They were very brave, I can say. They were very brave. They were running at me, and they knew the bullets were going right over my head at that point.

The first one was not a good situation, not a good situation. That was really -- that was really something incredible. That was from God. That was from God. Because the chances -- yeah. That was -- No, that was from God. For all of you nonbelievers, that one was for God, right? That was a close one. But I -- I just want to say, while I'm here, though, they were very brave.

They -- they pounced on me. They pounced on me, and I heard those things whizzing over me. They were whizzing. And -- and I have to say that because, you know, they take -- people take abuse, and there were mistakes made. There were mistakes made, pretty bad ones. But the bravery of that moment was incredible.

And, also, that the sniper, the Secret Service who's a phenomenal, talented shooter, one bullet from hundreds of yards away. If he doesn't hit his target -- and he hit his target, boom. But from hundreds -- if he doesn't hit the target, then you have Corey and a lot of other people that are dead. Corey was great.

Two other great gentlemen, warriors, great Trump people. We love them. And they're -- they're really -- they -- we thought they were going to be gone, too. The doctors were incredible. They did a great job, an unbelievable job. But if that sniper -- and he had five seconds to think. He had five. He did not know about it beforehand, by the way.

He had five seconds. He saw the flash, and he knew what that was. And within five seconds, he got off a shot. One bullet. Think of it. One bullet, and that was the end. Otherwise, you would have had -- you would have had many people dead. He did a hell of a job, and that was from a very far distance. That was for -- from basically about triple the distance.

It was a long -- it was a lot -- much longer shot. So, we want to thank him, and we want to thank all of the people in Secret Service for their bravery because they were very brave. I mean, this was a bad thing. Very brave. But she refuses to even say the words illegal alien or radical Islamic terrorists.

She says, nope. And the main thing, think of this, she wants to let mass amnesty and citizenship. She wants all illegals to have mass amnesty. Everybody can have. Even criminals because many of them that are coming in are from prisons and jails and mental institutions, insane asylums. They hate why when I use Dr. Hannibal Lecter as a -- the late great Hannibal Lecter.

Oh, they go -- look at all the media back there. Look at all the fake news. That's a lot of fake news. That's a lot of fake news, Burt. But -- but she doesn't want to get involved. Look, let -- let's -- here's a story. When a politician says something young in life, that's where they are. That's what they believe in. Defund the police -- all the things that she said, that's where she would go if she ever got the chance.

She's never going to get the chance. Our country will be destroyed. She's worse than Biden. She's worse than Bernie Sanders. She's Bernie Sanders but not as smart. That's the way I view her. I said she's a dumb version of Bernie Sanders and actually further left than him. She supports mandatory gun confiscation.

I'm sure you wouldn't mind that.  Would anybody mind if they came into your house and took away your gun or your gun? Oh, I'm so -- I'm shocked. I'm shocked to hear that. She's for taking away all of your guns. The problem is they won't take them away from the bad guy. The bad guy's not giving up the guns.

The good guys are going to -- "Oh, well, yes, ma'am. Here's my gun. Thank you." Now, you're totally defenseless in your house. No, you can't do that. She said that a 70 percent to 80 percent tax hike is "a bold idea that should be discussed." Oh, that's nice. She cosponsored the $100 trillion Green News Scam.

She wants to abolish all oil and coal and natural gas. We want to work on wind, wind. We want to have wind blowing. She vowed to ban fracking. She wants the government to stop people from eating red meat. She wants to get rid of your cows. No more cows. No more cows. Oh, it's serious. You know, in Europe, it's -- you know, you smile when you think about it. But in Europe, they're sort of doing it. They don't want any cattle.

She wants to get rid of gas-powered cars and replace them with all electric. They don't go far. They cost too much. They're all made in China. Other than that, they're fantastic. And I'm for electric cars. I have to be, you know, because Elon endorsed me very strongly, Elon. So, I have no choice. But he knows.

No. I am for -- I am for and for -- a small slice is a slice, but you want to have gas-propelled cars. You want to have hybrids. You want to have every kind of a car imaginable. They want to go all electric, and there's no way you can ever -- there's no way you can ever load them up. They call them loading them.

You can't load them. We're going to have to spend $9 trillion. In the Middle West, you saw they built chargers. Now, a charger is a gas pump with electricity come through. Is that good? So, it's like a -- for eight chargers, they spent $9 billion. Is that a good deal? So, at that rate, it would be $10 trillion to charge up the country.

The whole thing is crazy, right, Mr. Preacher. She wants to get rid of two very special words to me. And I came up with this because I noticed, when you went into stores -- I used to go into stores. Now, I wouldn't want to go into stores because they have everything under lock and key. You ever see they have bars up, they have glass up. I don't know how you can do business like that.

I'd like to buy a toothpaste, please. "Oh, wait till the clerk comes." You know, in 25 minutes, the clerk -- they open this heavy glass armored door, "Ah." Here's to -- how the hell do you make money doing that? It used to be that if somebody robbed your store, you would be very tough about it, right? Now, Kamala started this.

Anything under $1,000, you can do whatever you want. And these guys are sitting out there. You ever see them? They've got paper. OK, go ahead. Whoop. That's over there. Drop that back. Put that -- there's no crime if it's less than $1,000. She's the one who started it. She is a lunatic. She wants to get rid of these two very special words.

You remember, I used to bring it up all the time in 2016? By the way, we did much better in 2020 than we did in 2016, but these are minor details. We did much better. They said, "What was the difference?" I said, "Well, we got millions of more votes." You know -- and you know that, too. But we're not going to let that happen again.

Ready? The two words are Merry Christmas. She doesn't want anybody saying Merry Christmas. Now, she's denying it, and then they found the tape last night. She's such a liar. She denies all the stuff. She said, "I was not the border czar." She was -- the New York Times says, headline, border czar. She was the border czar.

She was the worst border czar. She was the worst czar in history. Kamala's radical ideas belong in a San Francisco commune filled with far-left freaks, but they do not belong in the White House. They do not belong in the United States of America. This November, Georgia is going to tell Kamala that we will not let her turn America into a communist country.

Remember I used to say, we will never be a socialist country. Well, I was right. They skipped socialism. They've got -- I was right. I was right. It will never be a socialist country. I'd say that. State of the Union, I said, "We will not ever allow our country to be a socialist country." I was right. It's gone communist.

It skipped socialism. It never stopped. The train never stopped at the socialism world. The world of social -- not a good one, but the world of communism is many times worse. Now, that they've swapped out Biden -- is he going to the Democrat convention? This is a big question. I'd like to go to watch Kamala get sworn in as they ripped it away from him.

They took away his presidency. What do you think, Mr. Congressman? You made a very good speech. Didn't he make a good speech? What do you think about ripping away their socialism there? What do you think about ripping away the the guy's presidency, right?  No, it's not democracy.

Remember the words they use? They are a threat to democracy. They've been saying that about me for seven years. I -- I think I got shot because of that, OK? People said, "He's a threat to democracy." No. I'm the one that is saving democracy. It's true. They're a threat.  Thank you. Wow. That's nice.

Thank you, Marjorie. No, we're saving democracy. Wow. I'm going to use that more often. I've never used that before. I'm always hitting them. I should say instead, I'm going to save democracy and get a nice big applause. It is true, though. Certain phrases get amazing response like, "I will keep men out of women's sports." Now, you find out I'm right.

I used to use the barbells. I -- now, all you have to do is look at the boxers. This young girl from Italy, a very -- a champion boxer, she got hit so hard she didn't know what the hell hit her. It's a person that transitioned. He was a good -- he was a good male boxer. Yeah. He was a good male boxer, and she didn't even go down.

He hit her with two jabs, and she said, "I'm out." How crazy is it? The weightlifters are great though because they put a quarter of an ounce here, a quarter of an ounce here, and she goes -- by the way, first lady of the United States hates when I do this. She says it's so damn unpresidential. I said, "But the people like it." Right, Marjorie?

She doesn't like it. She's a very elegant woman. She doesn't like it. Should I do it, Marjorie? So -- no, no. Our first lady, she said, "You know, your speech was great, but this weightlifting thing is so unelegant. And please don't imitate him not being able to find stairs because every time you do it, they say it was you that couldn't find the stairs." True.

I'm very careful because the press is among the most dishonest human beings in history. They know. Bruce knows. The great Bruce LeVell. stand up, Bruce. He's been with me from before I ran. He was with me in 2014 saying, "That guy in New York should run. He'll be a great president." That was long before I even ran.

I didn't even know -- I think you might have convinced me to run. I don't know. Some of these people, you know, they've been -- some people have been with me long before I ran. They would say Trump should run. Then we had Romney. Remember Romney? And they did polls. Romney and Paul Ryan, what a combination that was.

Whoops, there we go. Oh, Fox. Fox just want to -- no, Paul Ryan's on the board of Fox. What a mistake that was. But they had Romney and Paul Ryan. What a team that was. They got clobbered. They got clobbered. The choice of this election could not be more stark. On the one hand, you have a radical-left freak.

You have a candidate who is fake, fake, fake. On the other hand, you have a president who will fight, fight, fight for America. Fight, fight, fight. I will. I promise. I will. I will.  By the way, the fire marshal -- I -- I love him. Could the school people allow -- there's some seats right up there.

They could let them come in. I don't know what you're doing. I don't know what you're doing. Let the people come in. They're standing outside, thousands of them. Let them come in. It's obvious -- it's obviously -- it's obviously, Marjorie, a very liberal school, I guess, right? I'm not happy with the school.

Let them come in. They're standing, it's 95 degrees out. Let them come in. There's some seats. And they got thousands of people, they won't let them in. A Harris presidency -- you know why? Because they don't want to show that we're successful. That's all it is. They don't want to show. She has to go get entertainers.

They start leaving as soon as she opens her mouth. Well, Hillary used to do that, too. I remember, she got Bruce Springsteen. I'm not a fan. You know, I'm not a huge fan. I only like -- I have a bad trait. I only like people that like me. Yeah? Does that make sense? And these people like me, Burt, right?

These people like me. No. No, Hillary used to do it all the time. She got the idea from Hillary. Hillary got Bruce Springsteen, I'll never forget. And the place was pretty full, not full like our places are full. And I don't have a guitar. I don't have a guitar. I don't have a guitar, but our places are bigger.

We get more people than anybody. I don't care what -- how many guitars they have. You know, in New Jersey, we had a 107,000 people come. Nobody has that. Nobody. In Alabama, we had 68,000 people. In South Carolina, we had 82,000 people that had closed up the whole state. We even did one in the South Bronx in New York.

Rough place, but, boy, it was it was love. Twenty-five thousand people, it was love. It was love. But I'll never forget that Hillary and she had Bruce. And they were all saying, "Oh, she drew, you know, 25,000 people or something." Then he finished with the concert. She starts speaking, and everyone's leaving.

I said that's not working out so good. That's not working out, right? But -- I don't know. You have to be real. You have to -- people show up, people show up. To do that, I don't know, there's something pretty phony about it, but she had somebody. Who did she have? Who is the entertainer that she had? Do you know?

Yeah. Yeah. That's what I think. By the way, the entertainer couldn't fill the place either. Even with the help of the school. The school was trying to get students. "Please go. This is embarrassing to us. Please go." Wasn't Hillary a beauty when I campaigned against her? She said, "Look at him. Look at him.

Just look at those words that he uses. He will start wars." No. No. I had no wars. I got rid of ISIS, 100 percent of ISIS, but that was already started. I was the one that had no wars, first time in 80 years. In California, Harris was the original Marxist prosecutor. She was in the role of Fanni Willis. Has anybody ever heard of Fanni Willis?  You know, Fannie Willis is a good friend of your governor.

You know that? Your governor. I'm not a fan of your governor, but she was in the role of Fanni Willis or Larry Krasner, George Gascon, Alvin Bragg of New York. Oh, he goes after me. He goes after me because of the Justice Department. Never happened before. The DA of San Francisco, Harris, shielded illegal alien crack dealers from deportation.

She wouldn't let them be deported. She fought like hell. She wouldn't arrest criminals of the worst kind. She wouldn't arrest murderers. She wouldn't arrest anybody. The state has gone to hell. Gavin Newscum is the worst, one of the worst guys. Gavin Newscum. But she was the one that started it. She ruined San Francisco, ruined California.

As California attorney general, she defined and redefined child sex trafficking, assault with a deadly weapon, and rape of a unconscious person, an unconscious person raped, as nonviolent. "These were nonviolent crimes. We shouldn't even prosecute these people to help spring child predators and dangerous criminals out of prison all over the state." And during the left wing riots of 2020, you saw that, she urged her followers to donate to bail rapists and murderers out of jail while saying that the violent mobs should not stop.

They should not stop. She said she was endorsing to fund the place and the police, and she said, violent mobs -- "Let the violent mobs keep going. Let them keep going. We love what they're doing. We love what they represent." This is the lunatic that the fake news is trying to build up to be the next Margaret Thatcher.

You know -- you know, four months ago, she was considered grossly incompetent by the fake news. Now, they're saying, "Oh, isn't she wonderful? Isn't she wonderful?" No, she's not wonderful. So, we have to work hard to define her. We -- I don't want to even define her. I just want to say who she is. She's a horror show.

She'll destroy our country. For years, she has pushed legislation to strip police officers of any protection. They have no protection. Anything they do, they get sued, they go bankrupt, they lose their house, they lose their family, they lose their pension. They ruin their lives. They want to ruin their lives.

She was the worst at ruining police officers. When I'm -- and by the way, I have the endorsement of virtually every police organization in the United States. Almost everyone. And when I'm president of the United States again, we will never defund the police. We will only overfund. We're going to overfund the police if we have to. I will always give our law enforcement heroes the protection, resources, and respect that they so dearly deserve.

And like other Marxist DAs -- and she was the first of them. She was horrible. She was horrible. She had a very good friend named Willie Brown. I like Willie Brown. He knows more about her than anybody's ever known. He could tell you every single thing about her, could tell you stories that you're not going to want to hear.

Like other Marxist DAs, Kamala supports abolishing cash bail, which means bloodthirsty criminals that just killed somebody can immediately leave custody, go out and kill somebody else, which -- which, by the way, they often do. Under these kinds of woke radical-left policies, Atlanta is like a killing field, and your governor ought to get off his ass and do something about it.  Just a few weeks ago, two 13-year-old boys were murdered, and an 11-year-old was shot while sitting outside their house in Southwest Atlanta.

In June, a 47-year-old man, a 69-year-old woman, and a 70-year-old woman were shot in the middle of the day, shot right through the head in the food court of Peachtree Center -- what a nice name -- in downtown Atlanta where you can't even walk anymore. The shooter had been previously arrested 11 times, but they think it was 24 times.

He'd gone to prison for assault and armed robbery many times. Since I was president, aggravated assaults in Atlanta are up 17 percent, and there's a 20 percent increase in shoplifting and a 90-percent increase in overall crime. Murders are up massively. Murders -- you go to the store. "I want to buy a loaf of bread, darling." You come back.

Ma'am, I'm sorry, but your husband's been killed. He went for bread across the street. "He's been shot to death, ma'am." Nationwide, there's been a 43-percent increase in violent crimes since I left office, including a 58-percent increase in rape, 89-percent increase in aggravated assault, and a 56-percent increase in stone-cold robbery.

July 4th weekend in Chicago, 117 people were shot. One hundred -- I'm not talking about like I'm talking about shot. Not aimed at and missed, but I can guarantee that number was big. But 117 people were shot. Of the 117, 17 died, many are going to be incapacitated. They're going to be working for the rest of their lives just to move.

Many of our -- many are paralyzed. Many of those people are paralyzed right now. Nobody ever talks about that. So, a 117 people shot, 17 died, many very seriously hurt for the rest of their lives. If Kamala wins, it will be crime, chaos, and death all across our country. We're going to have just the opposite.

You know, it's up to the governors and the mayors to run things. But with Minnesota, which was a disaster, Minneapolis, the crimes -- you remember the CNN reporter? "This is a friendly riot." Oh, please. I -- I'd rather not use the word riot. This is a friendly get together. And behind him, the whole city is burning down.

Remember that? Remember, it was like the flames were going like for miles, and then he got hit on the knee with something. I think it was a hand grenade that didn't go off. Remember him with the shaved head. Ding, ding, ding, shaved his head. "How do I look?" "Great." Then, he goes down, a hand grenade hits him.

How do I look, darling? "Oh, you look great." They call it the summer of love, remember? They took over Seattle, 20 percent. If I didn't have the soldiers ready to go that morning that -- Seattle would still be occupied. They actually took over a large percentage of Seattle. Portland, what they did with Portland.

You know, I was in the real estate business, I love storefronts, beautiful bronze. I love bronze and beautiful, everything, storefronts, so beautiful. In Portland, you know they have a storefront? Their storefronts have been so decimated. They use old two-by-fours with a wooden door, no glass, no windows.

It looks -- it's the worst-looking avenue I've ever seen because -- and I spoke to people that have shops there, they don't have them any more. They've all fled. But the few people that remain, they have wooden storefronts made out of old lumber. And they said, "No. Anything we put up including this will be knocked down the next time and it happens on a weekly basis." And nobody does anything about it. If I didn't bring out -- they knew the military was coming in the next day in Seattle.

If they didn't know that and they fled, they all said, "Oh, it's about time to get out." You know, when they were doing monuments in Washington, Marjorie knows this. I got an old bill because I doubt we could ever get Congress to pass one like this. And they were trying to rip down monuments. And then it was Abraham Lincoln.

They were going to rip down the monument to Abraham Lincoln. They were ripping down other monuments. They didn't care who it was. They just wanted to destroy our country. And I took this old bill from the -- from 1889. Today, you wouldn't have the guts to sign anything like that, although, they should. They should make it even tougher.

And it said if you desecrate or even touch a monument in any way, shape, or form, you go to jail for 10 years, and there's no shortened sentence.  There's no shortened sentence. There's no like you get nine years off for good behavior. You know, it's 10 years, and you're not allowed to even do that.

No judge is allowed to do it. In fact, it was so old when I had to pull it. I'm saying, this is an old sucker. This thing is old. But I reinstituted it. People were -- it was so severe, frankly, that they didn't use it. And then, I had a press conference, remember? And I announced anybody -- and people were, you know, doing lassos of those gorgeous horses and all the things up there.

And yet, you saw it the other day. They were doing it again in Washington, D.C., with spray paint into limestone and granite. You know, the limestone, it's a very porous stone. I was very good at this. I was a builder, as you may have heard. And the limestone, that paint goes in there sucks. In 100 years, you'll see that.

There's nothing you can do. It just goes right in. It's very, very porous. It's sand, basically. Beautiful sand, beautiful lions, beautiful monuments, the bells, and everything desecrated. And I wonder what happened to those people. Probably nothing, right? Probably nothing. What they did, they did tremendous damage.

They did tremendous damage. But so I announced this bill. And the bill -- I had a press conference to announce it. And I said 10 years for anybody even touching any of our beautiful monuments.  You know what happened? It was a beautiful sight. I saw thousands of asses, only the back, walking out of town, some were running.

They didn't want to do anything, they just wanted to get the hell out of town. And that was the end of the problem. We didn't have any more problem. We had no more problem after that. There was no problem. And that was the end. You didn't hear about it after that, Mr. Congressman, did we, Collins? Good speaker, he is. He's got a future.  Does he have a future, Marjorie?

I don't know. He's got the look, he's got the hair good job, I watched good job. We will restore law and order to America. We will bring back public safety to the great state of Georgia, which is doing very badly in that way. And on day one, we will seal the border, stop the invasion, and send the illegal aliens back home.

And we'll do it very quickly. For three and a half years, border czar Harris -- and again, she refuses to acknowledge that she was the border czar. She was the worst manager we've ever had ever. And by the way, all of the people in charge of the border, they've all endorsed me. They said he was the greatest president we've ever had.

Tom Homan, you know, Brandon Judd, all of those guys. They've all endorsed me. And they said she's the worst, the worst. I mean, it's hard for them to say that. But, you know, they said there's never been anybody so incompetent. For three and a half years, border czar Harris has allowed terrorists and criminals to pour across our wide open border.

And now, she's denying it. Don't -- you can't fall for it, disinformation. Deny, deny, deny, deny for a year. "We'd never -- nothing happened. We were great. We were great. We were so tough." And some people will start to believe it. You know, they used the word brainwashed. Did you ever hear the word brainwashed?  Mitt Romney's father used that word.

It wasn't good when he used that word, it destroyed his career. But they were brainwashed. Some people get -- they hear it over and over again how bad they were and they say how great a job they did. They did great. They did great. They say it again and again. And all of a sudden, people -- and don't forget, it's not their main thing.

They're accountants, they're lawyers, they're taxi drivers, they're carpenters, they're electricians. They hear it over and over again. All of a sudden they say she was really great on the border, wasn't she? No, she was a disaster. She has destroyed our country. We're going to bring it back. But she has destroyed our country, she's incompetent.

They're coming from South America, they're coming from Asia, they're coming from Africa and the Middle East, from prisons and jails. They're coming from all over the world. They're not just coming from South America. Everyone thinks, "Oh, South America. They want to vote in Spanish and they're going to like by the way, we are doing better with the Hispanic population, I think now than they are.

So, that's not working out too well. But they're coming from all over the world, not just South America. They're coming from the Congo in Africa, a lot of coming from the Congo from prisons. Where do you come from? "The Congo." "Oh, what's your address?" "We live in prison." "What did you do? "Murder." "Oh, welcome to the United States of America.

It's lovely." The only good thing is, I say this all the time, these people are so violent and vicious that are being brought into our country. They're so violent, so vicious, that they make, our gang members and bad people and criminals look like the nicest people on earth. So, when we see an MS-13 person now, we say, well, they're not that bad.

These are the worst people anywhere in the world coming into our country. They're coming in at levels that nobody's ever seen before. There's nothing good about it. There's nothing can be made of it. And they're actually trying to get them to sign up and vote. They don't even speak the language. They don't even know where the hell they are.

They want them to sign up and vote. And we have the head of our great Republican Party here, and he is not letting it happen wherever you may be, right? Wherever you may be. You're doing a great job. You know that, right? They're coming in, and they're trying to sign them up. Because I used to say like only two reasons this could be happening.

They hate our country or they're stupid. Well, they're not stupid because anybody that can cheat on elections that good is not stupid. And they do. I really believe they do, to a certain extent, hate our country because you know why. But I never really talked about the third reason because it's so sinister, but they want to sign these people up to vote.

And if they do that, this country is destroyed. We've become a dumping ground for the entire world, and we're not going to take it anymore.  Just a few months ago, right here in your state, I met with the devastated family -- what a beautiful family of Laken Riley, the brilliant 22-year-old nursing student, top of her class, who was out for a jog on the campus of the University of Georgia when she was assaulted, beaten, and horrifically killed.

Her family was -- I mean, look, they'll never be the same, incredible family. Kamala Harris let in the savage monster who murdered Laken Riley.  He was an illegal alien who was in Border Patrol custody. But under Harris' policies, instead of being deported immediately and fast, he was set free into America.

Please enjoy your stay. Laken's blood is on Kamala Harris' hands, and she was in charge of the border. There are many, many people like that. Laken is not the only one. Kamala is responsible for the death as though she was standing there, watching it herself. She was responsible, and for so many more. Three days after releasing Laken's killer into the United States, Harris went on television and lied to the American people saying the border is secure, "The border is secure." What kind of a politician lies to Americans about keeping the border open while precious young girls are being assaulted and killed.

And Laken is one where the press was, I mean, very strong on it. But there are thousands of people that are being killed and being criminalized and victimized by these people that are pouring into our country. I call it migrant crime. We now have migrant crime in our country. It's a new form of crime, it's called migrant crime.

And it's vicious, and it's really bad. Kamala Harris should not be asking for your vote. She should be begging Laken Riley's family for forgiveness  and Joe Biden never would mention her name. You remember when Biden wouldn't mention her name? Then, all of a sudden -- because Laken was really -- I mean, that was a big deal.

That was very horrible, just horrific. And he wouldn't mention her name. And then, he finally did it, and he called her the wrong name, Lincoln, right? Called her Lincoln. Good coach, Lincoln Riley, good coach, maybe that's where it came from. But he called her Lincoln. And he's just -- he was so bad, such a bad president, such a bad president and precedent was set by having him as a president.

He was a disaster for this country. You get angry talking about it. Because it's almost impossible to believe you can be that bad. You know, people like certain people. And I understand it, they could have different beliefs, different policies. Like Ronald Reagan, he had something special about him. He had a --  There was an aura, right?

I didn't agree -- I didn't agree with him on trade. I didn't think he was as good on trade as he could have been. He could have been tougher on trade, but he had something special. They all -- you know, somebody -- they have -- but this last group, there's nothing. They have -- they have nothing. I call him crooked Joe for a reason.

He's crooked. I also call him sleepy Joe. He's sleepy, he's sleepy, he's crooked, he's incompetent, he's dumb. And she's worse, she's worse. If Harris wins, a never-ending stream of illegal alien rapists, MS-13 animals, and child predators will flood into your communities. If I win on day one, we will begin the largest deportation operation in American history.  We have no choice.

We have no choice, no country can sustain this. We have no choice. And we will immediately expel every single criminal that borders czar Harris has allowed into our country. No country can sustain it. In a recent CBS poll, 62 percent of Americans support large-scale deportation, and others are saying it's 83 percent, 85 percent, including 53 percent of Hispanic voters because they see what's happening.

By the way, the Hispanic voter and me have like this special relationship. I understand them. They're very entrepreneurial, very smart. But they also understand security better than anybody. And they don't want to have murderers released into our country. They don't want -- it's very interesting when I built -- you know, I built massive amounts of the wall.

The wall was incredible. We built a hundreds of miles of wall. And they wanted it more than anybody because it worked. You know, remember, I used to say, "Two things work." You know everything else is obsolete after two -- you do a new computer. In about three weeks, it's totally obsolete. Nobody wants it. Two things have never been obsolete, wheels and walls.

Wheels work and walls work. And you have a lot of different things becoming obsolete. But the wheel and the wall, the walls work. Harris wants to be the president for criminals and illegal aliens. I will be the President for law-abiding Americans of every race, religion, color, and creed. And it's no wonder the Democrat Party and their thugs are so desperate to stop us. They know that we are the only ones who can stop them.

We're the only ones who are going to be able to stop them. Nobody else is going to be able to stop these lunatics. All of their persecution of me is only happening because I am running for president and leading very big and all of the polls. If I wasn't running for President, I could be vacationing next to one of the many beautiful oceans of the world as the waves come in, beautiful but it's boring.

I'd rather be with you figuring out this mess  figuring out this mess that we've gotten ourselves into. We're going to figure it out. We've got it figured out. Thank you.  Thank you. Now, we have two things we have to do. We have to vote, and we have to make sure that we stop them from cheating because they cheat like dogs.

I don't know if you've heard, but the Georgia State Election Board is in a very positive way. This is a very positive thing, Marjorie. They're on fire. They're doing a great job. Three members,  Janice Johnson, Rick Jeffares, and Janelle King. Three people are all pit bulls fighting for honesty, transparency and victory.

They're fighting, are they here? Where are they? Where are they? Where are they? Thank you. What a job. Thank you. Thank you. Wow. But we have a couple of other members that aren't so good. We have some that aren't so good, but these three are really doing the job because they don't want to see this happen.

That will destroy our country. They just passed a rule for Georgia elections requiring that three people at each precinct independently count the total number of ballots before certification. Who could be against that? Who could be against it? Thank you, Janice, very much. That's really amazing. Thank you all.

Thank you all. Those are great people. I'd say brave, but, I mean, to you, it's like that you got to do what you have to do, right? It's not like a question of brave. They said I was brave two weeks ago. I had to do what I had to do. It's not like brave, right? It's just we do the right thing. Go. Thank you.

My courage was contagious. Well, your courage is contagious, too.  Thank you. Thank you. Nice. Amazing. People want it. That's what they want. Thank you, Janice. That's great. And those three people are incredible. Let me give you the bad news. It's that, for whatever reason, Brad Raffensperger and Brian Kemp  Raffensperger and Brian Kemp, your governor, who I got elected, by the way.

If it wasn't for me, he would not be your governor. I think everybody knows that. He's a very disloyal person, isn't he? Very disloyal. But these two are doing everything possible. Plus, your attorney general would like to see him show up and do something, right? I mean, look at the love and adulation and applause.

Because this is like a poll. This is like a poll. We have thousands of people. That's better than going out and paying a half a million dollars to have some pollster go out and poll 212 people. We -- look at this. Look at the love they have for Janice. That's what people want. They want to have honest elections, and they want to have strong borders, you know?

Very simple. But your governor, Kemp, and Raffensperger, they're doing everything possible to make 2024 difficult for Republicans to win. That -- what are they doing? I don't know. They got something in mind, you know? They got a little something in mind. Kemp is very bad for the Republican Party. He wouldn't do anything.

You know, we have Burt Jones over here. We have Burt Jones. All he wanted in the Senate was to have a special resolution passed, and it was all done. Every senator wanted it. Every Republican wanted it. And we have Senator Beach here someplace, too. Where is Senator Beach? Oh, I can't forget him. We can't forget him.

A warrior, a warrior, you know that. And many others in this group. But all they wanted was to have just a special -- we want to go over the election. We don't want -- we want to look because there's too many things. And the governor wouldn't sign it. And I knew he would because I got him elected. I sent a young guy over to his office, "Would you please have him sign this?" And the kid came back.

He said, "Sir, he won't sign." "Of course, he will. I got him elected. Give me a break. Of course, he will." "No, he wouldn't." And then I said, "Well, go back over there. Tell him it's for me. It's a good thing, not a bad thing. They want to look into possible election fraud." Wouldn't you say, Senator, that's a good thing, right?

They want to look into election fraud, comes back, "Sir, I said it was for you." This was a few years later, after I won him the election. Don't forget, I endorsed him. And you had a very good man, Casey Cagle, your lieutenant governor. He was going to win easily. And David Perdue. Where's David? I love David.

But that was his only mistake. He said, "Sir, would you endorse a friend of mine, Brian Kemp?" I said, "Who's Brian Kemp?" He said, "He's a friend of mine, sir." And Sonny came, too. This was probably the only mistake of David's life. That was a beauty, David. That was -- thanks, David. I appreciate it. And I endorsed this guy.

He was, like, way down on the list. He was doing terribly. And he immediately -- you know, my endorsement means a lot, and I'm very careful with it. And I endorsed him, and he won in a landslide. And then, he said, "I can't beat Stacey Abrams. I can't beat her. She's going to be too tough." And she felt that, too, by the way.

She still feels it. You know, she's constantly saying she won the election. She can say it, but I'm not allowed to say it. I'm not allowed to say it. And, Michaelah, I love you, Michaelah. I'm in love with Michaelah. Please explain that to Melania. Please explain that to our first lady. You're fantastic.

No, you're -- you are a special person. But I endorsed him, and then he said, "I can't beat Stacey Abrams." He said that. And his wife said it, too. I said, "Well, you won the nomination, so let's do some big rallies." And I did them out at an airport. Massive rallies, 55,000 and 52,000. There may have even been a third.

I don't know. I remember two monster rallies. And I said, "You're going to win." And he said, "I don't think so, sir." I said, "No, you're going to win. I'm telling you. I can tell the vibe of the people." I'm like, I think, David, 287 and zero in the last 12 months with endorsements. People respect my endorsement, and I respect them, and I love them.

I love them. But -- so I did these two big rallies, and he won. He did win. He won by, like, 2 percent. And his wife looked at me and said, "Thank you, sir. We'll never, ever be able to repay you for what you did. You got my husband the nomination." And then, we beat somebody who was unbeatable. You know, she was, in theory, unbeatable.

She was the hottest politician in the country at the time. Democrat politician, I would say. I was hotter because I was president. So, I was hotter than them. I'm only kidding, Marjorie. I'm only kidding. Although, maybe I'm not kidding, actually. No, she was like the hottest -- certainly the hottest Democrat politician in the country.

And she was going wild for years. She's still going wild. She can't even believe it. But I got him by doing massive rallies. I really worked hard. He's the most disloyal guy I think I've ever seen. But think of the wife. "We can never repay you for what you've done, sir. We could have never won." And now she said, two weeks ago, that I will not endorse him because he hasn't earned my endorsement.

I haven't earned her endorsement.  I have nothing to do with her. Somewhere he went bad. And you know what? Your numbers in Georgia are very average. Your crime numbers, your economics numbers, all of your numbers, you're very average. You can do a lot better, and you'll do a lot better with a better governor.

You can do a lot better, just so you understand. But I don't want her endorsement, I don't want his endorsement. I just want them to do their job for Georgia. And you know what? He's the governor. He ought to support his Republican Party. Because if he's not -- if he doesn't have his Republican Party, I could tell you where he came from, and it wasn't good.

And you have a great leader of the Republican Party right here. Stand up, please.  He has done an unbelievable job, and he has to work like hell with a governor that doesn't help him. And Raffensperger ought to make sure that the vote is honest. And they don't want the vote to be honest. In my opinion, they want us to lose.

That's actually my opinion. And we can't let that happen. Because if we lose Georgia, we lose the whole thing, and our country goes to hell. Because we can't have her be president of the United States. She's grossly incompetent, and we can't let that happen. They're the ones, don't forget, who got Fani Willis and her lover boy boyfriend all jazzed up. This guy -- the governor -- the governor -- you know what?

She's an embarrassment to the state of Georgia. He's the governor of Georgia. He ought to do something. Many, many people, their lives have been -- forget about me. Many people -- I'm used to it. True. I'm used to fake crap that goes on with these politicians. But many, many people, their lives have been destroyed because of Fani, F-A-N-I, Fani.

You have to pronounce it Fani. It's called Fani. You have to pronounce Fani. I don't know how she gets -- she should add a little U in there someplace if she wants people to call her. No, her and her lover, right? Lover boy Wade, she hired him because of experience. Paid him almost a million dollars a year for experience.

He's got great experience. He never did a thing like this in his life. He never -- he knew nothing about it. The only thing he knew about was something else. He knew about that. That's all he knew about. He didn't know a damn thing. Do you know him? Have you ever met him? "Oh, yeah, a couple of times." You ever see the phone records?

Phone calls being made at 3 o'clock in the morning? Like every single night, phone call, phone call from her house. And he said, "No, not well. I don't know her well." No. And this governor, I assume -- I don't know -- he could straighten it out because his state has become a laughingstock over it. And you know what?

I love this state. I won this state twice, in my opinion. Once I won, and I did much better the second time. And Bert knows it, and Beach knows it, and everybody else knows it. He could have ended the travesty with a phone call because I did nothing wrong, and neither did all of those good people that are being persecuted.

People in their 80s, they signed something, you know, because they see what's going on. I guarantee, if I took a vote of this audience, if I said, "What do you think?" I won't do that. You know, they'll come and indict you if you say that, right? Now, they can say it. Stacey Abrams can say that she won the election.

It's fine. But if we say we won the election and we did, that's not fine. We can't do it. Hillary Clinton is still complaining about the election, even though she called me up that night and conceded. But Hillary Clinton is constantly complaining about it. Nothing happens to her. We have two sides of justice, and we can't do it anymore.

We have to get back to making America great again. We don't have time for this nonsense. I mean, Fani wanted to indict a certain U.S. senator who had nothing at all. He's saying, "Why are they calling me?" I won't use his name because I don't want to hurt him. But she wanted to indict. And somebody along the way stopped her from doing it. She had many, many more people.

She was going to indict almost everybody that came into the state for a visit. But Kemp doesn't want to end it because he's a bad guy, he's a disloyal guy, and he's a very average governor. Little Brian, little Brian Kemp. But think of it. I got this guy. Just think -- and then that's it. I got this guy nominated.

I then got him elected. Without me, he doesn't get nominated, and he doesn't get elected. He had no chance of winning either one, and all he had to do is sign something where the Senate would like to look at election integrity. This is an honest man. That's an honest man. They were all honest. They were looking at something very legitimate.

And this bad guy said, "I'm sorry, sir, I can't do it." I called him, and I said, "Brian, they're looking at election integrity. Is there anything you can do?" "I'm sorry, sir, I can't get involved in that." I said, "But, Brian, you don't understand. This is a good thing, not a bad thing." "I'm sorry, sir, I can't get involved." "I've had you up to here, Brian.

I've had you up to here." He's a bad guy, and he's not doing this country a good service. People are looking at Georgia with Fani and her lover and all of the other things, saying, "What the hell is going on in Georgia?" What the hell is going on? The radical-left Democrats rigged the presidential election in 2020, and we're not going to let them rig the presidential election in 2024.  Every time the radical-left Democrats, Marxists, communists, fascists indict me, I consider it a great badge of honor.

I do, because I'm being indicted for you. You know, my father and mother are looking down. They were great people. They're saying, "My son got indicted like four times." Al Capone didn't get indicted four times. He would kill you if he didn't like your look. If you looked at him in the slightly -- that's a nice shirt -- Scarface, Al Capone, the most evil man.

He didn't get indicted like Trump. I got indicted for what? I'm protesting an election that was rigged. This guy didn't get indicted. My father would say, "But Alphonse Capone didn't get indicted. He killed hundreds of people." If he took you out for dinner, even you -- see, you two guys, would you stand up with a MAGA Black, please?

Stand up, please. Look at these two guys. Who the hell is going to mess -- who's going to mess with them? MAGA Black. MAGA Black. I love them. I like them better than you, Bruce. Now, those are two tough cookies. But if Alphonse Capone didn't like you because you insulted him slightly at dinner, that was the end of you, fellas.

I have to tell you. And he didn't get like me. Think of it. How crazy is the world? And thank you for being here. You're good-looking guys. Better-looking than Bruce. I'll tell you right now. Much -- stand up, Bruce. Never forget -- thank you. But never forget, our enemies want to take away my freedom because I will never let them take away your freedom.

They want to silence me because I will never let them silence you. And in the end, they're not after me, they're after you. I just happen to be standing in their way.  So, I want to introduce a few warriors, if I could, please. And they're incredible people. They really are. And, you know, every night I do this where I get in trouble because I'm always leaving somebody out.

I'm leaving a congressman out. I'm leaving a guy. It's brutal. So, I end up going on the Internet and thanking him, and I love him and all the stuff, or her. But, you know, it's always tricky. But I know these are people that are here, and I want to just thank them for joining us. Your great lieutenant governor, who's really great, Burt Jones.

And his father is here. You know, his father is a legend in -- you know, he's a legend, literally, in Georgia as an incredible politician. And then, he left. He didn't lose. He left, and he went into business, and he's been tremendously successful. He really is a legend. His name is Bill Jones. Does anybody know Bill Jones?

Bill? Where is Bill? Good. I saw him backstage. He's fantastic. Representative Mike Collins. Thank you, Mike. Thank you very much. Thank you, Mike. Thank you. Where is the preacher that was back there talking to me? Where is he, huh? Oh, he went with your father. Oh, your father's smart. I always said that.

Stays with those preachers. Rick Allen and Marjorie Taylor Greene. Thank you, Rick. Thanks, Rick. Great job, Rick. Thank you, Marjorie. You know, I've known Marjorie from the beginning, and she's an amazing political person. I don't like to say politician. She's beyond that. She's really loved and respected by so many people.

And in Washington, when she calls, they get very nervous. Oh, please. She's fantastic. So, I thank you both for being here. I appreciate it. And a future congressman. He'll be one of your best. He's been with me for eight years. And, you know, he always wanted to be a congressman. Then his district opened up, and he said, "Do you think I could do it?" I said, "You have my complete and total endorsement." Brian Jack.

Brian Jack. Great guy. He's going to be a great congressman. That's what he wanted to be. And he's fantastic. You guys are going to love Brian, right, Marjorie?  Also, we alluded to him and talked about him, but I'm going to talk about him very positively. He was really a great senator.

He was a great man in so many different ways. He was respected more than anybody. I mean, everybody respected him in Washington. Very successful businessman that he ran for office. A little bit like the Trump schedule of events. But he was really a fantastic person in Washington. Somebody that I was very close to, David Perdue.

David, thank you. Doug Collins, will you stand up? Come on. How good was this guy? That's fantastic. See, I'm glad I spotted him. I would have been in big trouble if I didn't mention him. I'm glad. You know, they give me a few names. Who the hell writes these lists out? These people -- somebody is getting me in big trouble.

It wasn't that way when I had Brian Jack doing this, I'll tell you. I got lucky. And I see somebody that I know very well, one of the truly great members of the King, of the Martin Luther King family, one of the greats. Will you please stand up?  I didn't see you.My friend from the beginning. I would have been in such trouble.

If I didn't mention you, I would have been in big trouble. Thank you, darling. One of the truly great people. And been with us from the very beginning, I would say, right? Very beginning. Thank you, darling. Boy, am I glad I'm looking over this audience. I don't like this. I'm telling you, this would not have happened if Brian Jack were doing it, which he did for many.

Agriculture commissioner has done a fantastic job, Tyler Harper. Tyler, thank you very much. Fantastic. Thank you. And John King, insurance and safety fire commissioner. John, thank you. Great job, John. Labor commissioner, Bruce Thompson. Bruce, thank you, Bruce. Public service commissioners, Bubba. I love Bubba McDonald.

I love that name. I want to change my name. And Fitz Johnson. Thank you both. Thank you both. And Alveda -- good, they did have your name down, Alveda. I would have been in trouble if I didn't be, but I picked it even with. And Richard Wood, superintendent of schools, who I hear does a great job. Richard, thank you.

Thank you, Richard. Pastor Benny Tate of the Rock Springs Church. Benny, thank you. Bernie Carrick. Does anybody know Bernie Carrick?  Where's Bernie? Stand up, Bernie. He's the cleanest man in this room. You know that. Bernie's a great guy. He was a great commissioner in New York.

He's a fantastic man. A well-known local artist with a beautiful painting, Artlanta. Where is Art? Oh, wow. Wow. That is beautiful. I wasn't going to bring him up. Then, I saw the painting. I said, come on up because maybe he'll give it to me. Wow. Come on up. That's OK.  Is that good? Thank you very much.

Good.  That's a real artist. I brought him up because I thought he was going to give it to me. He didn't give it. He just got me to sign it. I got nothing out of that. Hey, Michaelah, I know you spoke. Just come up for a second. Come here. This young woman, I walked into -- I don't know what the hell restaurant it was, but I walked into this restaurant.

And we do it very quietly. We don't announce it. That's for, you know, security reasons, everything. I walked in. She's behind the counter. And she didn't know I was coming. And she goes, "It's President Trump." She looks at me. "It's President Trump. You saved my college." And I said, "How the hell do you know that?" She said, "You are --" this one is so smart, so sharp.

She grabbed me. She gave me a kiss. I said, "I think I'm never going back home to the first lady." I'm telling you.

See, now, for the average politician, that's death. For me, I don't care. I just want to tell you, you are an unbelievable person with a great personality. You lit up the whole room. You lit up the whole room. I said -- weeks later, I'd go, "Who is that person that was so incredible?" She knew everything about me. She had no idea I was coming.

She knew everything about me. And, you know, the historically Black colleges and universities, I gave millions and millions -- billions of dollars to. They kept coming back. And I said, "Why are you doing this?" And we gave them long-term funding. And she knew that because she said her college, which was -- she loved her college.

She said it was so great. Right? You loved it.

Yeah, that's right. She loved her college. And she said, "You saved my college." What was your college? Tell them.

And it was so impressive. And I felt so good because she really did. She really said -- I said, "Did you like the college?" She said, "No, I loved that school. I loved that college." And that's what it's all about. But you are an incredible person. And I think you have a tremendous future. I really do. And I'll do whatever I can to help you, OK?

Thank you, darling.

Thank you very much for your help.

Great job.

You want to say something else?

Thank you. Thank you.

She's great. Thank you. That's a great person, great woman. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. From the moment we take back the White House from Kamala and Crooked Joe, and he is crooked as a $4 bill, I believe we're going to have the four greatest years in the history of our country. Starting on day one, we will end inflation and make America affordable again.

We're going to make it affordable again. Thanks to Kamala Harris' tie-breaking vote here in Atlanta, you suffered the highest inflation of any city in the country last year. Good job, governor. Great job, governor. Under Kamala, the typical Georgia family has lost $28,000 in inflation and to inflation hikes.

To bring down the prices of all goods, we will stop the Biden-Harris war on American energy. We will -- American energy is such a big deal. We will drill, baby, drill. We'll get that number down. We'll bring energy prices down, everything else will float with it. We will terminate the green new scam, and I will end the Biden-Harris electric vehicle mandate right on day one.

It will be ended. We will pass massive tax cuts for workers. And that includes no tax on tips, Michaelah. To further protect Georgia workers, I will revoke China's most-favored nation trade status. I will pass the Trump Reciprocal Trade Act. If China or any other country makes us pay a 100 percent or 200 percent tariff, we will make them pay a reciprocal tariff of 100 percent or 200 percent right back.

You hurt us, we hurt you. It's an eye for an eye. We'll take in a fortune. And they'll stop doing it before I even arrive at the Oval Office. Shortly after we win the presidency, I will have the horrible war between Russia and Ukraine settled. And I will prevent, and I'm the only one that's going to do it, 100 percent, we'll prevent World War III, which is very close to happening.

I will restore peace through strength. And in my next term, we will build a great iron dome missile defense shield over our country, a dome like none other, like nobody has ever seen before. And it will all be made in the USA, and much of it will be made in the great state of Georgia. And I will not cut 1 cent from Social Security or Medicare.

I kept that promise four years ago, and I will keep it again. And seniors will not pay taxes on Social Security. We are going to rebuild our cities into beacons of hope, safety, and beauty better than they have ever been before. We will take over the horribly run capital of our nation in Washington, DC, and clean it up, renovate it, rebuild our capital city so that it's no longer a nightmare of murder and crime.

We're going to stop the murder and crime. You go down from your state, you end up getting mugged and murdered in our capital. It'll be run tough and strong by our great police officers. But rather, we will become the most beautiful capital anywhere in the world. I could say again, but it's been so badly run for so long, I almost don't want to say again.

On day one, I will sign a new executive order to cut federal funding for any school, pushing critical race theory, transgender insanity, and other inappropriate racial, sexual, or political content onto the shoulders of our children. And I will not give one penny to any school that has a vaccine mandate or a mask mandate.

And I will keep men out of women's sports, if that's OK.  If Kamala Harris gets in the travesty that is taking place at the Paris Olympics will come to America when we host the Los Angeles Olympics -- and by the way, which I was president, we happened to get it. I was the president.

I also got you a thing called the World Cup, which is coming very soon. I might as well say it myself because nobody else will say it, but I got them both and you're going to have a lot of fun with it, I hope. Harris is a radical trans-activist, and she is the candidate of letting men beat up women in the name of tolerance.

But you look at what's happening over in Paris, it will never happen here. I will never let it happen. I will get all males off your daughters' soccer teams and volleyball teams and get them out of your locker rooms once and for all. That's going to be cleaned up. And we will fight to make sure that the LA Olympics protects women and protects girls.

I will fully uphold the Second Amendment and we will protect innocent life, and we will restore free speech in our country. We don't have free speech any longer. And very importantly, I will -- and this is so -- to me, so important what we've been through in this country. I will secure our elections. Our goal will be one day voting with paper ballots, proof of citizenship, and voter ID. But until then, Republicans must win, we want a landslide that's too big to rig.  Too big to rig.

If you want to save America, get your friends, get your family, get everyone you know and vote. Vote early, vote absentee, vote on Election Day. Do whatever you want, but you have to vote. And if you want to help us ensure election integrity, please sign up, protectthevote.com, protectthevote.com. So, in conclusion, from Marietta to Macon, from Savannah to Columbus, from Augusta to right here in Atlanta, we inherit the legacy of red-blooded American patriots who gave their blood, sweat, and tears to defend our country and defend our freedom.

We stand on the shoulders of American heroes who crossed the ocean; settled in the continent; tamed the wilderness; laid down the railroads; raised up those great, big, beautiful skyscrapers; won two world wars; defeated fascism and communism; and made America into the single greatest nation in the history of the world.

But now we are a nation in decline. We are a failing nation. We are a nation that has lost its confidence, lost its willpower, and lost its strength. We are a nation that has lost its way.  But we are not going to allow this horror to continue. Less than four years ago, we were a great nation and we will soon be a great nation again.

With our leadership, every disaster Kamala Harris and Joe Biden have created can be fixed, and it will be fixed very quickly. Every problem can be solved, and every wrong can be rectified. By this time next year, America's borders will be strong, sealed, and secure. Inflation will be in full retreat. Our economy will be roaring back.

It's going to be roaring back. Optimism will be surging, the American dream will be thriving again for citizens of every race, religion, color, and creed. Law and justice will reign all throughout our land. Freedom will be restored. The flame of liberty will be burning bright. Joe Biden and Kamala Harris, the worst administration in the history of our country, will be a fading memory of the past.

And our great silent majority, including the once forgotten men and women of our country, will be the ones shaping America's magnificent future when I am the 47th president of the United States. Because we are all Americans. And together, we will show November 5th to be the most important day in the history of our country.

We are one movement, one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God. And together, we will make America powerful again. We will make America wealthy again. We will make America strong again. We will make America proud again. We will make America safe again. We will make America free again. And we will make America great again.  Thank you, Georgia.

God bless you all. Go out and vote. God bless you all. Thank you. Thank you.