Well, thank you very much. You know, he's been my friend for a long time. I didn't know he was such a good football player. That's a good player. That's a real team in the championship. See, you learn -- every day, you learn something about people.

It was.

It's not bad.

It's not bad.

Thank you. What a beautiful place. Thank you very much. Thank you, Burt.

A lot of people. All along the highways, we're driving up, and there's a lot of love. We're going to have a big election. We're going to have a -- November 5th, and you'll probably -- many of you have -- who's already voted? Yeah. It's going to be a big one. I think it's the most important election in the history of our country.

I really believe that. I think most of the people here do, too. And we don't say that lightly, but it's -- it's a big one. We have -- we have some people that are not doing a good job. They're not doing a good job for our country. So, thank you all for being here. It's a great honor. Thank you.

That's right.

Right.

And taking vacations.

She took off -- she took off yesterday. Who takes off when you have 13, 14 days for the -- she took off. She needed -- she needed to rest. She needed to rest.

Yeah.

Yeah.

Well, I did. We had a tremendous thing at Doral and Miami, and it was a beautiful day. And we had pastors. We had a lot of Hispanics. And we're setting every record with Hispanics. Nobody's ever seen anything like it. Great people, very industrious, hardworking, smart, beautiful people. And we've really -- I guess we're setting the record already.

It's going to be set. And we have actually something. A couple of polls just came out. We're at 56 percent. You know, normally, like, guys like Romney -- anybody like Romney?  Guys like Romney were getting just a few points. And we're getting here, we are with the potential to actually win, which hasn't been done maybe forever, almost forever with the Republican Party, all along the border and all along in Texas and other places along the line where -- by the way, they're working very hard to keep some very bad people out of our country.

Some -- if you take a look at what they've done with our border, it's so bad. I think it's the biggest -- actually, just to skip over to it. I think it's the single biggest problem we have. We -- we talk about inflation, and it's horrible, and the economy. But if -- you take a look at inflation, and the biggest problem to me is the border where they allow murderers into our country.

They allow prisoners into our country. They empty out their prisons from all over the world. And to me, it's the biggest problem that we have. I think it's the No. 1 thing, and we're going to do something -- we're going to -- we're going to do something to stop it very quickly. We built hundreds of miles of wall.

We were doing great, and we had the greatest -- we had the most successful -- the day I left office -- you've seen that very famous chart. I love that chart. I love it. I love that chart. I love that chart. But -- oh, there it is.

But if you -- if you take a look -- look at that.

That's pretty good. They do -- they do a very good job back there. They never know when I'm going to introduce it, but -- and usually, I don't. You know, usually, I don't introduce it. But I did that one day, and I turned to the right to look, and I -- I'm glad -- I'm glad I turned. Otherwise, I wouldn't be with you right now.

But -- but if you look at the arrow on the bottom, the arrow on the bottom, that was the day I left office, and that was the lowest day we've had in terms of illegals coming into our country. And that included drugs and human trafficking and usually mostly in women, by the way. And that was -- we had it really going.

And then you take a look at what happened right after I left. What they've done to our country is just not describable.

Thank you.

Oh, thank you. Jason is terrific, by the way. He was -- he's always the first to jump in, along with you. And you have a great lieutenant governor. And I have to tell you, we've also -- and we have -- and Burt and I have spoken about it. We also had a lot of help from your governor. He's been really great.

And so, we appreciate that. We've -- we've been -- we've been all working together. You know, Georgia got hit so hard, and it worked very well over here from the standpoint of people getting together and helping. FEMA has had a hard time. Nobody knows exactly why. But the federal government's response was -- I don't know if it was as bad here as it was in North Carolina.

I was in North Carolina yesterday, three different stops, and just -- I followed it in. I actually followed the hurricane in, and I went there. And it -- it is not even believable, but FEMA, meaning the White House, did not do their job. They did not do their job. And we got to change it. We had a great FEMA when we were doing it.

We had some problems, too. When we had, FEMA came in and they handled it, but they're not -- and they spent a lot of their money on other things. You know that. They spent a lot of their money --

On the illegal migrants coming in, almost $1 billion. And there was no money. And so, now, they're going to have to have a special session in Congress to try and get money. And it's -- it's too bad. It's too bad. But you know who did help us, though? Elon Musk. He helped us because they needed Starlink.

I said, "What's Starlink?" They would tell me, "Sir, do you know Elon Musk?" I said, "Yeah, he endorsed me," right? I said, "Yeah. He's great." He's -- you see that rocket ship coming the other day? Who ever saw anything like that? Only Elon. I said, "Is that yours?" He said, "That's mine. That's the only one that can do it."

But anyway -- but he needed Starlink -- they needed Starlink badly in North Carolina, and I called him. I said, "Elon, they have a big problem." They had no communication. People were dying. He saved a lot of lives. And he had it over there so fast, it was amazing. They couldn't get it because it's hard to get.

And it was sort of interesting because I was on the phone with him and I said Starlink and we're talking a little bit and the person called me that needed it so badly in North Carolina during my call with Elon. I hadn't hung up. He said, "Thank you, sir, for getting us Starlink." I said, "How did you call them? How did you talk to them? We're still on the phone."

He said, "Well, I have ways of doing things." But he got -- he got that to them right away --

And it made a very big difference. Also, they got it into Georgia. So, I want to thank Elon for being really very gracious and smart.

OK.

That's right.

He's doing a good job.

OK.

Hello. Hi, Matthew.

Want to use -- use mine.

Thank you.

Thank you.

Thank you very much.

Well, you know, it's interesting, Matthew, that if you look over the last 30 years or so, for whatever reason, Christians are not tremendous voters in terms of percentage. If they were, we'd never lose an election. We wouldn't have had these people in office. We would never lose an election. And I think they're -- I think they are.

I think we've really energized a lot of people this time because they've seen how bad it is. This last four years has been -- it's been a horror show, an absolute horror show. And I think -- I think we're going to see those numbers go way up. I'm -- I'm almost sure of it. And I'm even hearing that from -- statistically because you see what's coming in.

And by the way, record numbers of votes are coming in. So, that's supposed to be a good thing for us. And we have to make sure too big to rig. We want to make it too big to rig, right? But -- but if they did -- if they did, we would literally never lose an election. And, you know, there's persecution going on and especially, I don't know if you've heard, with Catholics.

I don't know what's going on with Catholics. Why are they after Catholics? But the Catholics are being persecuted. And school boards are being persecuted, parents. This group is not a nice group of people. You know, you think they're stupid, and they are really pretty dumb but -- when you look at what the policies, what they've done to this country, but they're vicious people.

They're vicious, vicious people. And people are being persecuted, people of religion. And you saw it a little bit during COVID where you'd have a service outside, everybody is five yards away and everything, and they're coming and arresting people. It's -- it's very bad. But I think you're going to see a big change.

I think you're going to see it now. And hopefully, we're going to keep it going. You know, without religion -- it's like -- it's like -- it's like the glue that holds it all together -- this would be a different country. The -- the religion and all of it -- virtually all of them are going -- if you look at that path, it wasn't helped by COVID.

By the way, when you had COVID, all of a sudden, people started thinking a little bit differently and they, you know, got used to a different way of life for a long period of time. And maybe it didn't quite come back. But it's going this way. If we ever had it going up, it would -- and I think we're going to get it up.

I really believe it. I think this election is important for even that reason, for everything. It's so important. But it's such a good question. You know who else are hard voters? Our NRA people, rifles and guns -- people that own guns. They vote in a very small proportion. If they ever voted, you could never lose.

And in fact, the Democrats, the radical left, used to fear them. And now, they don't feel them -- fear them any longer because they don't vote to the extent that they should. And, you know, look, we're -- we're Second Amendment. I think everyone in this room is Second Amendment and Second Amendment people. All right?

Thank you very much. Thank you very -- thanks, Matthew.

Right.

It's a record.

Hi, Jake.

Thank you.

Good. Very -- is he a good mayor? Yes?

Thank you very much.

Thank you very much. Good question. And it's -- it's so interesting, but evangelicals and so many people support Israel so much more. It's not just the Jewish people. It's so many Christians are so supportive of Israel.  And, you know, they say, and I would agree with this 100 percent, nobody's done what I've done for Israel.

We -- as you know, Jerusalem is the capital of Israel. We even built the embassy by moving the embassy. That became somewhat automatic. Golan Heights gave them jurisdiction, and we gave Golan Heights, which was a big thing. We did the Abraham Accords, which was a very, very big thing. They were trying to get it for 72 years or something, and I got it for them.

We've -- we've done a lot. And the single biggest thing I did was -- if you want to know -- is get out of the Iran nuclear deal. The Iran nuclear deal was a disaster. And unfortunately, Biden and Kamala -- nobody knows who is Harris. Do you ever do? I talk about it all the time. You say Harris. Everyone says who is that? The vice president.

Can you believe she's the vice president? She came in last. He picked her, she came in last, and the whole -- and now, she's running. You know, think of it just for a second, Mr. Mayor, because I'm going to get right back to Israel because there was one other thing, and that was the Abraham Accords. That was one of the most incredible things of all.

We would have had peace in the Middle East. And we still will. We'll fill that out. We'll get them all in. We have the four, but we'll fill it out. But if you look at what's happened and what's happening with our country and what's happening -- lack of respect for the two of them, we can't have that any longer.

We have to be respected. Think of it. We were energy-independent four years ago. We had -- I -- I saw the new number, $1.84 a gallon gasoline. And now, you have $3.50 and $4. And you had $5 for a while, and you had $6 and $7 even for a while. But a lot of things. So, we're going to take care of Israel.

We work with Israel. They say that in Israel, I could maybe run -- if things didn't work out here, you could run for prime minister of Israel and I get 97 percent of the vote. So -- and I -- of course, I kid because you know what happens. When you do the little sarcasm and the kidding, they go, "Well, he said he's running for --" You know, that's the fake news doing that.

And that's a lot of fake news you have back there. That's very impressive. That's very -- that's very impressive.

So, we're going to do a lot for Israel, and we're behind them. And the big thing, we want to have peace in the Middle East. We want to have Russia stop with Ukraine. We're going to get that done. That was another thing that would have never happened. You wouldn't have had inflation. You wouldn't have had Russia attacking Ukraine.

You wouldn't have had October 7th, which was Israel. And the horrible, most embarrassing moment in the history of our country was Afghanistan, the way -- not that they pulled out. We were ready to pull -- the way they pulled out with -- it was so bad. They moved the military out first. No, you move the military out last.

I think it was one of the most embarrassing. I think that's why actually Putin went into Ukraine. But we're going to take care of Israel, and they know that. Bibi called me yesterday. He called me the day before. We have a very good relationship. And I have to say, they've done -- fortunately, they didn't listen to Biden because if they listened to Biden, they'd, right now, be waiting for a bomb to drop on them.

And they did their own work. They did not listen. They couldn't listen because what he was asking -- in fact, just the other day, they said to him, "Are you OK with what they're doing?" "Well, I don't want them to attack the nuclear and I don't want them to attack the oil." I said, "Really? That's sort of the opposite."

If you go and take the exact opposite for 40 years of Biden's foreign policy, you would be one of the greatest -- just take the opposite, you'd be one of the greatest in the history of foreign policy. So, we're going to -- we're going to work with them very closely. We're going to work with all nations.

We're not going to have World War III. We're closer to World War III right now than we have been ever maybe, ever. And that will be a war like no other because the power of the weaponry, nuclear weapons, the power is -- it's indescribable and you don't even want to think about it. And it's mentioned all the time.

You know, I never mentioned nuclear. I never like -- we rebuilt our military. We rebuilt the military. We had to give -- these people gave a lot of military to Afghanistan if you can believe it. They have parades to show it. And it was a very embarrassing moments for our country. But we're going to take good care of -- frankly, we're going to take care of everything.

We're going to straighten out the world a little bit. One thing, if I could, somebody that a lot of people respect a lot, Viktor Orban from Hungary. So, he's the prime minister, and he made the statement. He said, "When Trump comes back as president, everything is going to be perfect." And it was for four years. And I know exactly what he was talking about.

Thank you, Mr. Mayor. Thank you very much.

That's overflow.

It's a good crowd.

Hi, Estefany.

Yeah. I think we have to stand up. A woman, we stand, right? For a man, we don't have to, right? Go ahead, please.

Inflation largely.

Inflation.

So, during my four years, I'll bet you did the best --

Business, right? Everybody says it.

They all say it. In fact, now, I put it in the speeches at the beginning, "Were you better off four years ago?" Everyone goes crazy. So  so, he said I saved his business. Good. Thank you very much, sir. So, we have to understand that inflation was, in my opinion, the worst maybe ever in our country.

They say 48 years. I say ever. And a lot of it was groceries and food and things like that. You know, you hear the word groceries, you say, "Really?" But I get more complaints about groceries, everything, from hot dogs to -- to bacon and eggs and everything. So, what we're doing is -- and what they've done is they screwed up our energy.

We had energy that was at record lows. It was abundant. The oil companies were making money, but you were having -- you were driving cars. I just mentioned $1.84 a gallon. And that's way up. That's double. Everything is double. Everything is double, triple, quadruple. Interest rates were 2 percent. Now, they're at 10 percent, and you can't get the money.

We're going to drill, baby, drill, and that's going to bring everything down, OK?

That's going to -- that's going to bring everything down because it -- it's such a big component of our -- of the fabric of our life economically, oil and gas. We're going to drill. We're going to bring -- and a pledge that I'm making now, and we've done this a little bit over the last month or so, we are going to bring energy down by 50 percent, 5-0 percent, 50 percent within 12 months from January 20th.

That is going to bring everything else down because it's not just -- you know, the -- the damage has been done. They say, "Well, we're trying to bring it down right now." These people don't have a clue. The damage is done. We have to get the prices down, and that's going to bring other things down with it.

We're also going to get the interest rates down because interest is far too high right now.

So, we're going to get interest. But we're going to get the oil. We have more than anybody. I call it liquid gold. We have more liquid gold than any other nation in the world, including Saudi Arabia, including Russia. No matter where you go, we have more. We're going to use it. You know where we're getting a lot from? Venezuela.

Why are we doing that? And it's not good stuff either. It's -- we call it the Venezuelan tar. So, we're going to get your energy costs down. That's going to bring everything -- and you're going to make so much money. You're going to do good.

OK?

Thank you, darling.

Thank you very much.

Thank you.

Good job.

Hello, Mom. Good job you did, Mom.

Good job, Mom.

Well, the energy is such a big factor. And when they did that, all of a sudden, the energy is going up, up, up. And it was obvious that everything else is going to follow, but it's going to follow it -- it's going to follow it down, too. We have so much, and we don't use it properly. You know, they started -- as you know, they were going to end it all, and they got into a bind.

That's what happened. And they got -- and then they let it go back to the Trump. But if we were -- that was four years ago. We would be three to four times more energy. We'd be selling to Asia. We'd be reducing debt. Right now, we have $35 trillion in debt. We're going to make this country so good. One of the things we talk about is, as an example, Detroit is doing very poorly because they're taking our car business, other countries.

We're going to solve that very quickly. But one of the things we're doing is interest deductions on when you borrow money to buy a car, you get a deduction on it. And that's great. But you only get the deduction if it's built in America. The car has to be built in America.

Thank you. I like that person. I like that person.

Hi, Marty.

Thank you, Marty. And -- and he's wearing a beautiful tie.

He's wearing a beautiful tie. It's a Trump tie, so I like it.

So -- so, Marty, it's going to be the first order. It'll be done in the first hour of the first day. And you know, as I said, we had the safest border in the recorded history of our country. You saw the chart. That was a Border Patrol chart. We had the safest border. We had it going so well, all they had to do was leave it the way it was.

We had Remain in Mexico. You couldn't come in. We had all -- catch and release in Mexico, not in this country. We had the best border. It was so good and only going to get better. And now, we have the worst border ever in the world. In 2016, we had a bad border, and I solved the problem pretty quickly and it was no longer an issue in 2020.

And then in 2020, we ran. And as you know, we got millions more votes than we did in 2016. So, you'll explain that one. That's why we have to get a lot of votes. We've got to get a lot of votes. But we made the border really good. And now, we're going to have to do it again. The difference is this border is 10 times, 15 times worse than it was in 2016, as you know.

But we're going to stop it, and we're going to deport all of these criminals that have been brought into the country.

Thank you, Marty. Good.

Look at all these people.

You know who they are?

The fake news, the fake news.

That's a lot of people.

That's a lot of people.

Well, I say this, faith, when you have faith, when you believe in God, it's -- it's a big advantage over people that don't have that. It's a big advantage. And when you have a great family -- my son, Eric, is with us today. He's been great. But we have such a great family and such a strong backing. And Melania, our first lady, has been great.

She's got the No. 1 bestselling book. Can you believe Melania? So, go buy the book. But I will say this. I've been investigated more than any human being, I suspect, in the history of our country, more than Alphonse Capone. Did anyone ever hear of Alphonse? Al Capone was the gangster of all gangsters.

Scarface, as he's commonly known. I've been investigated more than Scarface. My father is looking down from heaven -- I -- I think my father is in heaven. I know my mother is in heaven, but I -- but my father was great. He was a strong guy, but a good -- great guy, but a strong guy. But, you know, I have been, and it makes you stronger.

And the fact that I had such backing from the public -- these scoundrels came after me at a level -- it's called election interference. It's called the weaponization of the FBI, the DOJ. They were all coming. And we're going to get things turned around in this country because it's so bad. They don't do that, except in third-world countries.

Nobody thought it was even possible. Nobody thought it was even possible. They used to talk about it before all this stuff happened, and they'd say, well, it'll never happen because it's never happened before. And think of the scoundrels that are in office right now. It didn't happen to them. So, I just want to thank you, actually, for your support because it made me -- [Audience member calls out "We love you, Trump."

] it actually made me more popular. A woman -- a great woman said to me, "Sir, when you first got in trouble in New York over nothing, I've -- since then, I've gone to the bridge and I've waved the flag." Where is that woman? She was so --  Stand up, please. Stand up. She was so incredible. I said -- no --

Thank you, darling.

No, she said to me, she said, "You know, I really liked you a lot, but I really loved you when they went after you so unfairly. And from that day on, there was nobody else, but Trump." I remember you, OK? Thank you, darling. Thank you.

Thank you very much.

OK. Let's hear what he has to say.

So, I have an idea. Are you right outside now? Let's go outside and talk to him.

You know why?

They've got thousands of people outside. And you know what, you guys follow us out. Let's all go together, OK?

Thank you very much. Let's all go together.