Well, thank you very much, everybody. This is great.  I want to just thank Derrick who is an incredible congressman, so respected in Washington. He's really respected. And I don't know if there's somebody running against him or not. I guess there probably is.

Well, you make sure he wins, please. OK? Totally respected by everybody. And I'm thrilled to be back in this beautiful state. I love this state.  I just gave you the biggest -- you know, I gave you -- before I left, I gave you the biggest shipbuilding contract in the nation.

And a lot of other states are angry at me. You know that, Derrick. You know where it is, right?

That's a big one, and they're doing a beautiful job, too. But I gave you the biggest, and a lot of states aren't so happy with that. They still remember that.

But I just want to really -- I appreciate it. These a hardworking beautiful Americans, and it's something special. But outside, we have thousands and thousands of people. Would anybody love to give up their seat? So --  so, we were going to have a thing outside someplace in an area where we could have held the people.

And I would say, what do you think, 40,000, 50,000 people at least out there.  This one almost all the way to the airport. And it looked like when Lindbergh landed in New York. Do you remember that? He had -- he had -- all the way to the Broadway, the whole -- the way they used to do it.

And this looked like it. But thousands and thousands of people, and they all could have had a lot of fun. Instead, now, they're probably leaving and walking back home because we have a nice little room that probably holds 1,500, 2,000, maybe less. And outside, you have 40,000, 50,000 people because the administration couldn't give us the Secret Service necessary because they're guarding --  because they're guarding the Iranian president who's looking to kill Trump.

Can you believe it? Now, we could add 30,000, 40 -- I mean, you see it. It's -- I've -- it's unusual that you see  something like that. Yeah, we're calling the National Guard. That's a very good -- he's a smart guy. Stand up. I want to see what that guy -- very smart.

That's a very good idea. They could have done that, come to think. But, you know, I think it's a disgrace. I think it's a disgrace. But nonetheless, 38 days from now, we are going to win Wisconsin, we're going to defeat Kamala Harris, and we are going to make America great again. Thank you for being here.

Thank you. Thank you, fellas. That's great. Great job. They're making your jobs much tougher, right? Your jobs -- oh, that's nice people looking. Oh, look at the people behind. Are they relatives of yours, Chief? I don't think so. Oh, that's nice. Wonderful. Well, you got a lot of killers in our country.

You saw that yesterday. Last night, after four straight years of obliterating our border -- I watched this show that she put on. Four years of the most incompetent border anywhere in the world in history -- Kamala Harris traveled to the scene. In fact, she stood near where I put up border wall. That was her backdrop.

And in one of the most heinous crimes ever committed by any administration in American history. That's what she did by allowing these millions of people -- millions and millions of people to come through our border and make our civilization very unsafe. It's our civilization, very, very unsafe. It's a heritage.

Border Czar Harris went to the border to lie in the most shameless and horrible way possible, at the very site where she released so much suffering, misery, and death. There's no greater act of disloyalty than to extinguish the sovereignty of your own nation right through your border. No matter what lies she tells, Kamala Harris can never be forgiven for her erasing our border, and she must never be allowed to become president of the United States.

She must never be allowed. And, Wisconsin, you can't do it. You can't do it. What she's done is a total disqualifier, what she's done. And so much death has already taken place. And we have some people up here and a friend of mine, in particular, who suffered greatly because of it. And this is already taken place by the hundreds, but it's going to take place by the tens of thousands according to explosive data that was just released yesterday by ICE.

And they've never released this before. They never talk about deaths and how many. They talk about certain things, but they've never released this kind of information. But it was so bad. Never done. But under Kamala Harris, more than 13,099 convicted murderers. So, these are people that have gone through the system.

They're convicted. They're in jails for life. Some are getting the death sentence. But instead of that, they've crossed our border. They've been taken out by their countries and set free into the United States of America. So, they're free to kill again. Oh, they'll kill. These are killers. These are killers that -- at a level that nobody's ever seen.

Not even your great law enforcement has ever seen people like this. They got a dose of it, though, recently. They got a dose of it. Their jobs have become a lot tougher. And you remember when they say, "No, no, these are migrants. And these migrants, they don't commit crimes like us. No, no." They make our criminals look like babies.

These are stone-cold killers that walk into your kitchen. They'll cut your throat. Kamala also let in 25,272 illegals convicted for rape, sex offenses, or sexual assault; 62,231 criminal aliens convicted of violent assault. Everything but death happened to the people they assaulted. In total, she let in 425,431 people convicted of -- and -- and these are convicted of the worst crimes.

They're criminal aliens, along with an additional 222,000 illegals with pending criminal charges. Many of those charges also are murder, which will add on to your 13,000 murderers that were let into the country. That's over 647,572 migrant criminals who Kamala set loose to rape, pillage, thieve, plunder, and kill the people of the United States of America.

And they're not going to change. They're only going to get worse. They're only going to get worse. And our law enforcement system, we have the greatest in the world, but our people are told not to do their jobs. You know, we don't want you to do anything. And they come from tough systems. They're going to love our system.

Kamala is mentally impaired. If a Republican did what she did --  if a Republican did what she did, that Republican would be impeached and removed from office and rightfully so for high crimes and misdemeanors. That would be high crimes and misdemeanors. Think of it, 13,099 murderers, convicted of murder, not like convicted of murder.

Some of the worst murders you've ever seen. They're all in our country now, every one of them. And I've been saying this for three years, and the fake news has been saying, "Well, you don't know that." Well, now, we know it. They've never released a list like this. Not just on this. They've never done it.

Over the years, they've never done it. She let in -- and that's not even mentioning the rapists, the gang members, the drug dealers, the child predators, and the traffickers in women -- in women -- mostly women. Joe Biden became mentally impaired. Kamala was born that way.  Yeah, she was born that way.

And if you think about it, only a mentally disabled person could have allowed this to happen to our country. Anybody would know this. And before I knew the numbers, I was saying it for a long time, "They're coming in. They're murderers." I've said it so much. They're from jails. I say jails and prisons.

There's a difference. One's a little stronger than the other, as you understand. They come from mental institutions and insane asylums. How many times have you heard -- there's also a difference there. One's a little bit stronger than the others. And they're terrorists. They're terrorists. They're terrorists at the highest level.

We have the -- the -- some of the greatest terrorists in the world in our country right now. We have no idea where they are. We have no idea, anything about them. They could be in Iowa. They could be in Idaho. They could be here because every border is right now running around every state. Every state is a border town.

Every state is a border state. They're flying them in by the hundreds of thousands. Can you believe it? Even yesterday when she was talking about how she's going to start getting very tough. Why didn't she do this four years ago? Then -- and she lies so much. She lies so much. How about she lies, she said, "Donald Trump ripped the babies out of the crib."

I ripped the babies out of a crib. No. And it was actually President Obama that built the cages. Remember when they were saying Donald Trump, and they showed a picture of cages? And then I was lucky enough, somebody from Border Patrol said, "No, that was in 2014. That was Obama." And then that story went away very rapidly.

Remember? All of a sudden, the cages -- the cage story went away when it wasn't me. No, she lies. Well, look, I mean, the simplest lie is that she worked at McDonald's, and she never worked at McDonald's. She worked at McDonald's, and I didn't work there. She didn't work there. But I'm going to go to a McDonald's I think over the next two weeks, and I'm going to stand over the french fries.

She said, "I stood over those french fries." She never did it. It turned out to be a lie. And when I mentioned that, they go, "Oh, he's fallen into a trap because he's --" Did you ever see that? Whenever I criticize, they say -- all the -- the stupid people, the anchors back there -- no, they say, "He fell into a trap, her trap."

She can't set a mental trap. There is no -- but if she says something wrong, like in the debate, she said something wrong, I questioned it. She said another thing wrong, I made her look bad. She said another thing. They don't want me to ever question. They said, "Oh, he fell into a trap. He questioned the fact on Charlottesville --" which was totally debunked.

On all of these stories that were totally debunked, fake stories, she mentions them. But yesterday, this is one I never heard, that I ripped the baby out of the cribs. No, no, that might have been Obama and other people, but it wasn't us. We had the safest border in the history of our country. And even a sign that I put down, fortunately -- I put that sign down, and I love that sign.

I love the graph. You know, the graph, that beautiful blue, gold, and red graph? It's my favorite piece of paper, perhaps, anywhere in the world.  But she's so radical, she even wants to legalize fentanyl right away. Fentanyl will kill you. Just a little tiny on the top of a pin and you're dead.

I have so many friends that have lost their children to fentanyl. No, we're going to do something else. We're going to get China that  if they send us any fentanyl -- I had this deal done with him, but -- but Biden never got it finished. Do you think he lies awake at night thinking about fentanyl and death?   No, I had the deal done, and then we had a bad -- a bad election.

We got more votes than anybody that ever ran for office. Think of it, more votes than any sitting president in the history of our country, and we lost by just a little bit, just a little bit. I was told if I got 63 million votes, which is what we got in 2016 -- we got millions, millions, and millions more votes, more than anybody has ever gotten, more votes than any sitting president has ever gotten, and just by a little bit.

No, we got to make sure there's no cheating, and we're working hard on that. We got more lawyers. We got more people watching. And I told them, if we win and when we win, we're going to prosecute people that cheat on this election. And if we can, we'll go back to the last one, too, if we're allowed. But we're going to prosecute people.

So, at least they know that's going to happen. And I said that because we can't -- we have to have strong borders. You need two things, strong borders and fair elections, and we have neither. But we're going to do numbers too big to rig, right? Too big to rig. And, you know, there comes a point when they can't cheat.

And when you see the lines going back -- like even today, lines going back for miles to get in. And this lovely building -- I don't want to insult anybody. It's a lovely building. But if this building were 20 times larger, it wouldn't be big enough. And -- and why should they do that to all the people that journeyed from all over your great state? When I saw these migrant crime numbers yesterday -- first time -- first time they'd ever been released.

They don't release numbers on murders, but they did. Somebody probably liked me. They said, "Boy, this is unfair." But they released them. I said, "You know, this is the real deal. This is something that's very special. There's nothing as serious as this." There's nothing can be as serious as this because this gets down to the very fabric of our society, your way of life.

I mean, you're going to be looking around over your shoulder all the time, communities that were safe. This is more important in a way than inflation, which is a disaster in this country. She's destroyed our middle class, our senior citizens. This is more important than anything having to do with the economy.

We'll make it better. We'll make the economy -- this is something bigger in a sense because this is the fabric of our country. She's letting in people who are going to walk into your house, break into your door, and they'll -- they'll do anything they want. They'll do anything they want. These people are animals.

She's released people -- these people are animals. Now, they'll say, "Oh, that's a terrible thing for him to say." No, no, these people are animals. These are stone-cold killers. They're heartless and they wake up the next morning and they don't even think about what they did the day before. These are real killers.

These are real killers. These are the worst. These are people that have been in jail for many years. These are people that killed many people. They took them out of their jails. You know, in Venezuela, their jails are almost empty. All over the world. You know, this isn't just South America. The Congo, their jails are almost empty, the Congo in Africa.

They took them out. They bring them into our country. Many, many countries, their jails are almost empty. Some are empty, some are much less than -- I would do the same thing. I would have been better than any of them. I would have had everybody out of there. Some of them still have people. They probably couldn't get buses to get them in, right? You know, you need a lot of buses.

But they're bringing them into our country at levels never seen before. And your law enforcement over here had -- you know, you just had a problem here in this beautiful place. We'll talk about -- but what they're doing to us, and I saw that -- it's also the fact that they're taking all of our Black population's jobs and our Hispanic population's jobs.

You haven't seen the real job numbers yet. And I said this, also. Two years ago, I said, "These people that are coming across the border illegally by the millions are taking the jobs of the Black population of America and the Hispanic population of America." Have you seen their job numbers recently? They won't release them, I guarantee, until after the election.

But you take a look at the Black population job numbers. You take a look at the Hispanic population job numbers. And the unions are going to be next. The unions are going to get hit hard by this. They come in illegally, they take everybody's jobs, and you don't know who you're hiring. Our country is being destroyed.

This is the worst president and the worst vice president in history, and you got to get out and vote. Isn't this a wonderful and inspiring speech? I got people sitting in the front row, they're going, "Oh my God." They thought they'd be out there jumping up and down, "Make America Great again." We're going to do that.

Don't worry. We haven't gotten to that part yet. No, I'm just saying this a dark -- this is a dark speech, but we only heard the numbers yesterday for the first time. You know, I took a lot of -- a lot of abuse because they were saying, "What does he mean? How dare he say that." Everyone thinks, oh, it's such beautiful people.

Everyone's so wonderful coming in. No, no stone-cold killers, drug dealers, gang members. Every country in the world is taking their worst people, their criminals that are outside of jail, the gangs that hurt people, the drug dealers which are causing such problems, that get death penalties in a lot of countries and they don't have the problem with drugs, but they're taking their worst people, they're bringing them into our country by the tens of thousands.

And yesterday, for the first time, I saw the numbers. It was reconfirmed. Some of the honest fake news -- look at all the -- look at all the fake news back there. But -- some of them turned the cameras off when I'm talking about this. No, they turned the cameras -- for whatever reason, they don't want people to hear this, you know.

No, we're going to -- we're going to make them honest. If we don't have an honest press -- that's your third leg, by the way, you need an honest press, and we have a very dishonest press, mostly. I mean, I know some -- you know, there's a little sliver that's good. But it's -- you're right. Right side is good.

He said right side. It's true, right side. Now, you have some good people back there. But it's true, you have some very good people, but you have mostly -- mostly horror shows. But small towns in America are terrified of migrants coming in. And even when they haven't yet arrived, they're terrified. They're terrified.

And a lot of these people don't want to -- they don't want to talk about it because they think it's so bad for the town. But they're going to have to talk because people are being killed. I spoke to people from Iowa, Ohio, Michigan, Wisconsin, Pennsylvania. They're beside themselves. And honestly, I tell you, they're not going to take it much longer.

And I guess the -- the easiest way and the best way is on November 5th, you got to vote for Trump because we're not going to let it happen. We're not going to let it.   Thank you very much. Thank you.  Thank you. Oh, I love that young voice.

Stand up, young voice. What a beautiful person you are. Wow. Thank you very much. We love young people. One of those little things, right? They're so great. That's the future. That's who we're really fighting for when you get right down. That's right. We're really fighting for that voice right there, we're fighting, because we want them to grow up in -- in sanity.

This is insanity, what's happening in our country. Who would -- who would do what they're doing? Who would do this? Who would allow 435,000 criminals, criminals, hardened criminals  13,000, think of it, murderers, people that murdered people, viciously? Some people murdered many people.

And they're now in our country. They're not going to change. They're going to get worse, actually. So, we're here today in Prairie du Chien.  Is that a good --  good pronunciation? You could have given me a little easier name than that, but I think -- I think we got it right.

Prairie du Chien, what a beautiful name, and we have to keep it beautiful. And you have great law enforcement here, but they're going through a lot. And we're in Wisconsin, and every -- every person here knows exactly what I'm saying. Just this month, right here in this beautiful town, police arrested an illegal alien, member of a savage Venezuelan prison gang known as Tren de Aragua, Tren de Aragua.

These are really bad ones. This vile monster was charged with holding a mother and daughter captive against their will and sexually assaulting them again and again and again. This animal crossed Kamala's wide open border, along with hundreds of thousands of others that are worse than him -- that are worse than him.

He was arrested and released in the sanctuary city of Minneapolis. And by the way, I'm going to end all sanctuary cities immediately upon taking oath.   Right? Right?  Thank you. All of them are ending. And, you know, the people of these states with big sanctuary cities, these people are -- I mean, they are -- they want them out.

It's only the politicians that want them. Someday, we'll explain why. But he assaulted another woman in the sanctuary jurisdiction of Dane County, and he had outstanding warrants for strangulation all before coming to this small, beautiful, idyllic Wisconsin town. A few months ago in Fond du Lac, Wisconsin -- there's a lot of action going on in Wisconsin with these names.

You know, usually, I have like Clark County. An illegal alien released by Kamala Harris was arrested for tying up and blindfolding a 12-year-old girl in the back of a van and viciously sexually assaulting her. A few weeks ago, yet another illegal alien Kamala let in was charged for sexually assaulting a woman in her home in Wausau, Wisconsin.

How do you like that? Wausau. Wausau. Is that right, Wausau? I like Wausau. No, but think of this, sexually assaulting, and what he did to her was so horrific that he's now facing up to 100 years in prison, 100 years. These are towns that had no -- these are towns and -- and little beautiful areas of our planet that had no problems.

Oh, you're going to have a lot of problems. I don't care how good your law enforcement is. You're going to have a lot of problems. They're all over the place. And I'm telling you what I said before, these towns -- these little towns and cities -- and by the way, the big cities, too. New York, look what's happened in New York.

And they went after the mayor of New York because he was saying this, "We can't do this. We can't do this." They just indicted him for long before he was mayor. But look at what they do. These are vicious monsters in our government that are also stupid people.  They're vicious, but they're stupid, which is a very dangerous combination.

Today, I stand before you to make this promise. I will liberate Wisconsin from this mass migrant invasion of murderers, rapists, hoodlums, drug dealers, thugs, and vicious gang members. We are going to liberate our country. I will liberate -- I will liberate our nation. Our nation will be free again if we win this election.

And it's going to have to go fast because we're not going to be able to handle it. Our nation will be free again, and it will be free, and I'm the only one that's going to be able to do it. Nobody else even -- nobody else even talks about it. Nobody else even -- do you ever notice, the way these people, they don't want to talk about it because they think it's bad publicity for their town? It's not -- it's bad publicity when people are killed all over the place.

They don't want to talk about it. We will not allow these people to invade us, conquer us, and take all of our dignity and pride and everything we have stood for from the very beginning of our lives. You have dignity and pride in this town and this area and this state, and they want to take that dignity and pride.

They want to invade -- they want to take over your homes. They want to take over your buildings. Look at what they're doing in Colorado -- Aurora, Colorado. Venezuela gangs are taking over real estate. They're real estate developers like I was, but they do it with a gun. I did it with bank financing.

They do it with a gun. They will save your communities, and we will -- we will work with your law enforcement. They're going to save your communities. You've got the greatest people on earth, and you've got to respect them. And when you have good ones, you've got to hug them and kiss them and tell them we love you because they're great.

They do so -- I am endorsed by every law enforcement group, I think, or just about. I'd better say just about because they'll find some one little person someplace up -- someplace up someplace, "I don't really like Trump." "Trump lied." No, these are bad people. But virtually everybody. We just had the endorsement of a group of 400,000, the largest group -- the largest law enforcement group, the Fraternal Order, which got 400,000 people who's like -- they said unanimous.

I don't know if it's unanimous. But all the sheriffs all over Florida, all over the country, every sheriffs group, everybody, everybody has endorsed us. Or if they can't, if they're not allowed to, in some cases, they still state their preference. Border Patrol endorsed me, and Border Patrol is like -- it's hard.

How do you endorse somebody and you're -- you know, you're with this other group? But they can't do it. They're unbelievable patriots. They love the country. They hate to stand there and watch these people pour right by them. They want to do their jobs. They're great people. How on earth did a small town in the Midwest in America come to be so famous as some of these towns? Look at what's happening with some of these towns.

They are being talked about all over the world but in a very horrible way, occupied by members of savage prison gangs from Venezuela. I mean, think of that. How does -- you're -- you're talking about areas of the Midwest where they're becoming famous because they're being occupied. And this is hundreds of little cities and little towns.

They're petrified, and their law enforcement is petrified. You have a sheriff and a deputy or you have a small group, and you'll have a group of Venezuelan killers, street gangs occupying the town with Mk47s. I know that gun very well. I got to know it very well. I've become an expert on guns quickly.

My sons know guns. They couldn't believe what the story they heard -- the two stories they heard, actually. But I don't care because we're doing it for you. We're going to make our -- our -- I don't care. I -- I just say we got to do it.   Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you.  I love that guy right in the front. He looks better than I do, and I think he's probably a little older, right? Look at him. He looks fantastic. Four years ago, I handed Kamala Harris the most secure border in US history with the lowest illegal immigration on record.

In the words of former ICE director, Tom Homan -- you know Tom -- "President Trump was the greatest president in my lifetime by far. This country was never better off than when he was there. He was unprecedented in his success on the border, and it saved so many lives. He got it done." Likewise, the head of the National Border Patrol Council, Art Del Cueto, he was -- he's a great incredible guy, he said of Kamala's visit to the border yesterday, "I stood with President Trump when he actually went to the border to areas that are notorious for drug smuggling and human smuggling and are very dangerous. He stood there. He spoke to the agents for a long period of time. He's been speaking to the boots on the ground for eight years and a lot. He stood there for over an hour in 110-degree temperatures with heat."

It was a hot day, I will say. But the heat was crazy. "But with families of victims and illegal aliens. And he spoke to reporters. Vice President Harris went down there. She didn't speak to the agents." And as a former president of the National Border Patrol Council, great guy, Brandon Judd said, "President Trump's actions secured the border. Kamala Harris' actions completely opened up the border and made it very unsafe."

And I just want you to take a look at this little video. We had a video planned, and we're going to use it, even though it was supposed to be for 50,000 people. But maybe they have a little television set outside that they're watching it. But you have to take a look at this. Please.

She is a disaster  and she's not going to ever do anything for the border and she didn't even want to get tough now, except her poll numbers were tanking. And by the way, we're leading in the polls. We're doing great. But you got to get out and vote. You know, this can only happen to me.

I had to beat Biden. We were 21 points up after the debate. And then I said, "Oh, I can't believe it. I think they're going to get him out." Then we had to start all over again with this one. She had her little honeymoon period. But people are now finding out she's not a smart person and she has no idea what the hell she's doing, and she's going to be dealing with the smartest people.

President Xi -- how do you think President Xi is looking? He's chopping. He's just grabbing his -- oh, he's so happy. He's grabbing his people all over the place and watching the same kind of things you just watched but even better. And we can't have this. Look, we had four years of incompetence. We can't have another four years of incompetence because we're not going to have a country anymore.

She's incompetent and a bad person, but she's incompetent -- grossly incompetent. She's a Marxist. You're right, she's a Marxist. Her father is a Marxist professor. Think of it, defund the police. She started the movement. This is a woman that we cannot allow to have in this -- if -- if she gets in, our country is finished.

It's finished. Starting on her first day in office, Kamala Harris terminated every Trump policy I used to deliver the strongest and most secure border in the history of our country. We never had a -- Tom Homan said it, the best border. They interview people on the border that live in hell on the border.

They say, "It was never like Trump had it. We had a great thing." And then as soon as she came in, it was -- she ended up Remain in Mexico. That means you couldn't come into our country. She terminated it. You know what it means. Remain in Mexico is what it means. Released and canceled little things like the Safe Third Agreement, canceled Title 42, halted the removal of virtually all criminal aliens, ended all of our programs that we instituted to stop child trafficking, which is at an all-time record now.

She said last night that we -- I told you -- ripped babies out of the crib. I ripped babies out of the crib.  She's sick and she's a liar. And the reason I keep mentioning McDonald's is because it was so basic. She worked at McDonald's, and it was a lie. She's a liar.

But Kamala, of all things, the worst thing is this. She lost 325,000 migrant children, and they're either dead, being sold into sex slavery, or just plain missing from their parents. They were stolen, 325,000.  What Kamala Harris -- can you imagine if that were a Republican? Can you imagine? What Kamala Harris has done to our border is a betrayal of every citizen, it's a betrayal of her oath, and it's a betrayal of the American nation.

Not only must she be defeated, but in light of this news, Kamala Harris should immediately resign the vice presidency and go home to California in disgrace. She should resign.  Under both Border Czar Harris and sleepy Joe Biden -- where is he, by the way? What the hell -- what the hell happened to him -- Midwestern states from Pennsylvania to Wisconsin are being overwhelmed through two programs she created to deluge towns just like yours.

First, she created a program to fly in migrants from Venezuela, Haiti, and Nicaragua, dumping them into cities and towns all throughout America, right? You know that, right? Remember when she was saying, "No, no, we're thinking --" you know, they got a little tougher about three months ago on the border, a little bit, but they never stopped the flights because they didn't think -- but we caught them about two months ago flying in hundreds of thousands of people over the border.

They didn't think we'd catch them. Can you believe it? In addition, she's allowing virtually unlimited numbers of migrants to enter and be released at the press of a button through her phone app for illegal immigrants. They have a phone app so that people can come into our country. These are smart immigrants, I guess, because most people don't have any idea what the hell a phone app is, but they do.

These are very intelligent immigrants. But you know who they're really meant for? The cartel people, the people that run the cartels. They can use them brilliantly. They're making billions of dollars, among the most successful people in the world. This is why I get shot at so much. I mean, if you think about it.

Only a consequential president gets shot at, OK? Remember that. In less than four years, she relocated almost 5 percent of the entire population of Haiti to the United States, and the rest are coming in rapidly, as rapidly as they can, as fast as they can come out; and 6 percent of the populations of Honduras and Nicaragua.

And remember this, those governments, they send the people they want to send, and those are the people we're getting. These countries are so dangerous that the US State Department has travel advisories warning Americans are -- not to go there. Yet, Kamala is resettling all of those people here, anybody that wants to come.

So, we have travel warnings, don't go here, don't go there, don't go to the various countries. And yet, she's taken in the worst of those people, the killers, the jailbirds, all of the worst of the people, she's taken them in. And then I have to sit there and listen to her bullshit last night.  And who puts it on Fox News? And they shouldn't be allowed to put it on.

It's all lies. It's all lies. Everything she said is a lie. But it all stops the moment I raise my hand and take the oath of office as your 47th president of the United States. It all stops.  Thank you very much. Not far from where we are today, in a small, very beautiful town of 15,000, Whitewater -- do you know Whitewater?  -- right up the road a little bit, Kamala has flooded the town with an estimated 2,000 migrants from Venezuela and Nicaragua, very tough ones.

Some very tough people in that group. I know because I get the info. Housing costs have now soared by 25 percent because the government is buying houses for them. Diseases are spreading like wildfire, all sorts of disease. The police say they cannot handle the surge in crime. The schools can't teach, and they're taking over the schools.

And the town itself has plunged heavily into debt. The town is in big trouble. In Springfield, Ohio, 32,000 migrants from Haiti and other countries descended upon this idyllic town of 50,000 people. How would you like to have 50,000 people; and now, all of a sudden, a short time later, you have 32,000 more? They don't speak the language.

They don't have the culture, a different culture, a whole different culture. Everything is different. But yet, 50,000 people with no crime, no problems, only happiness, love, not anymore. The mayor is a very nice man. I don't know him, but he's a very nice man. And he doesn't want to really talk about it, but he's got to talk about it.

He wants to be politically correct. So, rather than saying what he should be saying, which is, "You're all leaving. You're not coming in. We're not going to take you. We're not going to allow this to happen to our town." Instead of that, he was on television the other day. He said "No, no, we're trying very hard to get along with everyone. We're looking for interpreters --"

because nobody speaks English. And I believe he actually intends on keeping the people in the town. The town is ruined. It's destroyed. I mean, I am politically correct, but not when it's this important. Your -- your towns, your cities, your country is being destroyed. This is bigger than inflation, which is killing you all, caused by Biden and Harris with their stupid energy policy and all of their spending on the green new scam.

Billions and trillions on the green new scam, on garbage that doesn't do -- that actually brings our country back. They don't think about nuclear missiles from different countries. And by the way, they can't handle them anyway. You'll end up in World War III. [Audience member calls out "That's right."

] But they think about global warming, which is now called climate change because global warming doesn't work anymore because it's actually cooling. It worked for a few seasons. But now, it's not working. So, climate change is a much better term because that covers everything: warming, cooling, rain, sun.

It covers everything. Trillions and trillions of dollars they waste. You know, they want to go to 93 trillion. That's more money than every country in the planet has and destroyed -- Germany went that way for one year. And now, they're building coal plants all over the place. You know why? Because they were getting destroyed.

That's why Angela Merkel is no longer there. Already, everybody is talking about leaving the different towns that we're talking about. The majority of the school cannot speak English. In Ohio, Springfield, they can't speak English. They're taking over the schools. There's nobody that can speak English, and the mayor is looking for interpreters.

Isn't that wonderful? How can this happen? How can we allow it to happen? If Kamala is reelected, your town and every town just like it all across Wisconsin and all across our country, the heartland, the coast, it doesn't matter, will be transformed into a third-world hellhole. That's what's going to happen, 100 percent.

Remember there's a hat that's made that sells like crazy. Oh, there's a fly. Oh, I wonder where the fly came from. See, two years ago, I wouldn't have had a fly up here. You're changing rapidly. But we can't take it any longer. We can't take it any longer. It takes centuries to build up the unique -- unique character of the United States of America, centuries and centuries, goes on forever.

Good and bad, it all comes out, and we ended up with a great country. But in three and a half years, they've really destroyed our country. They've really destroyed it. And we can fix it. But you know what? In four years, it's going to be too late, just like we've seen in London and Paris and Minneapolis and Aurora in Colorado and Springfield, Ohio.

But I'll not let it happen here in Wisconsin. I'm not going to let it happen. You're not going to let it happen either. And I will not let it happen to Prairie du Chien. Not going to happen. So, I just want to say we're pleased to be joined by so many great people. But one of them, as I said before, is Congressman Derrick Van Orden, who lives just a short distance away where a heinous sex assault that I mentioned before took place.

It was terrible. And, Derrick, I want to thank you very much for being here. You're doing a great job, but they had a hell of a time, right?

And this was from an illegal that came in through Kamala. And that won't be the last one. It'll only get worse. It's going to get so bad that it won't be sustainable. We have to get these people out. We got to get them out of here, OK? We got to get them out of here fast.  Now, the fake news would say, "Oh, he's such a mean person."

I'm not mean. I'm -- I'm a good person. I want to take care -- we got to take care of people. We've built this over 250 years. We got to take care of our country. Our country is being destroyed by these people, and you don't even know why. Are they stupid? Are they evil? Do they want us to be destroyed? It's so obvious that it can't work.

It can't work. I mean, go and take a look at Springfield, go and take a look. And the governor is a Republican. He's a nice man. I helped him very much. Without me, he wouldn't have been elected. But he's taken an attitude like, oh, isn't it wonderful? Look, you got to do what you got to do. You got to get these people back where they came from.

You have no choice. You're going to lose your culture. You're going to lose your country. You're going to have crime, the likes of which nobody has ever seen before. Now, I'm speaking from common sense. You see, the Republican Party has really become the party of common sense. We need common sense now.

I mean, we're not going to have men playing in women's sports. Things -- we want to have a border. We want to have a border. We want to have good education. We want to have low taxes. We want to have a strong military. I rebuilt our military, then they gave away a big chunk of it to Afghanistan in the single most embarrassing day in the history of our country.

The same idiots are dealing with us now on nuclear weapons in Russia and the problems in the Middle East. We have this -- whole world is exploding. And, you know, one of the toughest, smartest people said very nicely -- Viktor Orban. He's the head of a place called Hungary. He said, "If you bring Trump back, everything's going to be good. Otherwise, this whole world is going to end up in a big fat world war."

You're going to end up having it. Also, with us are Crawford County Sheriff Dale McCullick. Dale, thank you, wherever Dale is. Thank you, Dale. Thank you. Good job. Prairie du Chien Police Chief Kyle Teynor. Kyle, thank you very much. Thank you, Kyle. Good job. And Wisconsin GOP Chair Brian Schimming.

Thank you very much. Where's Brian? Oh, Brian. Stand up, Brian. Are we going to win, Brian?

OK. Good. Brian's doing a great job.  He's doing a great job. Thanks, Brian. Good job. What Kamala did not talk about in her lies last night -- just lied. Everything was a lie. And I always say, "Why didn't she do it?" You know, she's been here almost four years. "I'm going to do this. I'm going to do that," reading off a teleprompter.

Isn't it nice to have a president that doesn't need a teleprompter? I don't need a teleprompter.  But I keep asking, I said it in the debate, I said, "So, why don't you do it? Why don't you just do it?" "We're going to do this. We're going to --" She's been there for almost four years.

They didn't do anything except destroy our country. So, why don't you do it? Then she says about a bill. It was such a bad bill, this bill that she talks about. You know, it's a fake bill. It was put in by the Democrats with a couple of Republicans that got duped and put before. Nobody wanted to vote.

She says I'm the one that talked them out. I wish I had that ability, that I was the one that said don't vote for it. But I do have a certain say, but I would have never voted for that bill. It was so bad. It was -- it would have allowed everybody to become a citizen. It would have allowed at least 2 million people to come into our country and very rough ones.

It was a terrible bill, but they used that as an excuse. The fact is all she has to do is go back to the White House, wake up sleepy Joe. It will be 4 o'clock, so he's gone to bed. And say, "Joe, get your ass down here. I'm going to ask you to do me a favor because I'm losing in the election. Sign this piece of paper."

What is the piece of paper? "It says to the Border Patrol close the border." Three words.  Three words. Like I did. And we want people to come in, but we want them to come in legally. Close the border. "Joe, please sign it. Please sign it, Joe. I need help, Joe. I need help. They're killing me on the border. I'm losing on the border."

You know, I won in 2016 on the border.  It was one of the big things. I mean, I won in a lot of reasons, but I won on the border. I won because I stopped people from coming on and killing our country with trade or the -- you know, the various countries, mostly known as our friends.

Our friends can be the worst on trade, OK? They kill us more than our enemies, frankly. They sort of come underneath; and all of a sudden, you realize, gee, we got taken over. But I did great on that. But I probably won on the border. And I fixed the border. And then in 2020, I couldn't even talk about it.

And yet, I got many -- I got millions of more votes in 2020, but I still couldn't talk about it. And my people were saying to me, "Sir, they don't want to hear about the border because you fixed it." I said, "Well, I want to talk about it." They don't want to hear it. It's true. Nobody wants to hear it.

Today's border is 20 times worse than it was in 2016. 2016 was like a great day for this border. 2016, I fixed it. I built hundreds of miles of wall. I had another 200 miles -- and that's much more than I promised to do -- 200 miles ready to go. And when they took over because of a rigged election, when they took over, they didn't want anything to do with putting those panels up.

You couldn't put them up. They were laying right there, right next to it. I don't know if you heard this story. So, you know, they had sections where they even said we have to build a wall. And the panels that we put up were exactly what Border Patrol and ICE wanted, everything. They even have the anti-climb panel on top, which I hated to look at, but it made it much harder to climb.

So, I said, "Well, do I give up the look for the climb?" It's called an anti-climb panel, and it's right, it's very hard to get over the top. These guys can do anything. And what happened is they didn't want to put up those. So, they went out and bought a totally different panel instead of just putting up, which is nothing by comparison, not nearly as good -- not as good in any way.

Rather than using the panel that was sitting 10 feet away, they put different panels up. Looks like hell, too. Now, you have a wall that doesn't -- you know, they say, "Where the hell did that come from?" But they admit -- you know, I -- I always said for years, I said, "Everything gets obsolete fast."

Like, you have a computer and you think it's great. And then two weeks later, it's obsolete. You have a new cell phone. I love it. I love it. A week and a half later, they come out with a better one. The only things that don't get obsolete are the wheel and the wall. A wall is never obsolete. But what Kamala did not talk about in her remarks last night were the countless Americans who've been brutally assaulted and killed by illegal aliens, and she let them in, killed -- many, many killed, just so many people already.

You know, we think this is the beginning. It's not. This has been going on ever since they took over because from the day they took over, they said, "We want an open border," and nobody believed them. It wasn't believable. And here today is Patty Morin whose heartbreaking story is a tragic warning of what will come to every city in America with four more years of Kamala Harris.

I can't even believe she's being considered. Look, she was considered, eight weeks ago, the worst vice president in history, a very dumb person. The fake news was calling her dumb, stupid, didn't have a chance. She was at the bottom of a list of 12 candidates. They voted. She came in last. She fought Joe Biden -- crooked Joe.

I call him two names. I call him crooked Joe, sleepy Joe. I'm not sure -- I've never figured out which is better.  He said they're both good. I agree. I actually tried them together, but it doesn't work together. You know, I sort of interchange. But think of it, this -- this person, what they've done to our country and what's done to Patty, she lost the most beautiful person, her daughter, you've ever seen.

And I've gotten to know her. And none of this would have happened, just like the war with Ukraine and Russia would have never happened if I was president. No chance. Zero chance. Putin would have never done it. Just like the attack on Israel would have never happened on October 7th. Just like that horror show in -- if you look at -- Afghanistan would have never happened.

Inflation would have never happened. We would, right now, be energy-dominant instead of looking for energy. You know that our reserves -- we have a reserve and very -- it's really meant for war. It's meant for very important things, strategic reserves, right? Just reported today, they're at the lowest point they've been maybe ever, but they know in 40 years because Biden used that to keep -- suppress the numbers because without that, the oil prices for your car -- it wasn't supposed to be for your gasoline in all due respect.

And it's peanuts compared to the amount we're talking about. But now, we have the lowest strategic oil reserves in the history of our country, we think, or many, many decades. And it's a shame. But Patty's precious daughter, Rachel, was a 37-year-old mom of five precious children, a beautiful woman who lived in Maryland, 1,500 miles from the border.

That's a long way from the border. Earlier this year, while Rachel was out on a run, she was brutally raped and murdered by this disgusting illegal alien who was let into the United States by Kamala and her lax law. She -- they -- they every one of my killer -- we had the great -- she would -- he would have never been able to get in.

She stopped every single one of them. She was the border czar. Now, she doesn't admit that. Whether you call her a czar or not, she was no czar because she -- she really wasn't a czar. She didn't give a damn about the border. She never spoke to Border Patrol. Do you ever see the agents, all the top people, they never spoke to Biden or her; and yet, it's like the most important thing.

But Patty has suffered greatly. I've -- I've gotten to know Patty. She's a great woman, and she's lost an amazing person in her family. Her family is suffering tremendously. But I'd like to ask Patty to come up and just say a few words about Rachel. Please, Patty. Thank you very much. Thank you, Patty. You take care of yourself.

Thank you, Patty. Thank you

You take care of yourself, OK? I'll see you later.

So unnecessary. And, Patty, we're so sorry for the terrible suffering that you've had to endure. I've had lunch with Patty. We've spoken. We've spoken to the whole family. And I've spoken to many other families, same thing. It's incredible -- it's just incredible that a thing like that could happen, no reason.

Who has -- who has an open border where people could -- they don't have the names of anybody. You know, those 13,000 murderers that I -- they don't have any idea where they are, who they are. They don't have the names. They don't -- we just know they're all out of jails, all convicted of really bad murders; and now, they're in our country.

And that's a lot of people. In honor of Rachel's life and every other victim of migrant crime, we will win this election. We will secure our border. We will secure that border on day one. I always say -- you know, they say, "What are the first things you're going to do or the first two things?" I always say, "Number one, we're closing our border; and number two, we drill, baby, drill."

But I put drilling behind the border.   A reporter asked me that question last night, "What's the first thing -- but I mean the first thing?" I said, "Well, there's a couple of things." "I said I want to hear the first thing." I said, "You know the first thing, close the border. The second thing is drill, baby, drill."

But I'll do them at the same time. We're going to bring down your cost at a level that you wouldn't believe because that's what you have to do. We're going to have -- we will give you -- you know, your electric costs are -- here are the highest in the nation. I think you probably know that. We will bring down your energy costs within the first 12 months of my administration by 5-0, 50 percent, and it will be easy.

We have more liquid gold under our feet. We're going to bring down your electric and your air conditioning and your gasoline. We're going to bring down your energy costs by 50, 5-0 percent within 12 months of January 20th. So, hold me to it. I hope I make it. All right. I hope I make it. You can hold me to it.

And that, in turn, is going to bring down everybody -- everything else. You're going to bring down the cost of food. You're going to bring -- because your food costs have gone -- you know, the biggest complaint I actually get is groceries. When you talk to the people, they say -- I say, "What's the biggest problem?" "Groceries."

And it's true. You look at the cost of bacon, the cost of cereal, the cost -- these things went up at numbers that nobody's ever seen before because we have an incompetent administration. And she is -- I believe she's more incompetent than Joe. I really do. I believe that she's more incompetent than Joe.

A president's first duty and sole allegiance is to his own citizens, the citizens of his country. And Kamala's allegiance is to illegal aliens and foreign migrants. That's who -- that's what it is. And maybe that's a Marxist thing. I don't know. And where is her father? I'd love to speak to him. I'd love to speak to him because nobody's heard from him.

But I would like to speak to him. My heart is loyal only to the American people. I -- I just feel for the American people. And unless I'm elected, it's only going to get worse. It's only going to get worse. Hey, look, you have two people. So, you had let's say 350 million people. You have no idea how many people you have in this country.

You know, normally, you say we have -- we have no idea how many people. They've lost control. But let's say you have 350 million people, then you had some people running as Republicans, a lot of people running as Democrats. She was the first one out. By the way, I think they had 22 people running as Democrat when they started  and -- is that the right number, right, 22 people, and she was the first one to quit.

She quit the first. She never got to Iowa. And then you had them fade, and you ended up with crooked Joe. And that's OK. I said this is crazy. He's the one that got the nomination. He got 14 million votes. You know how many she got? Nothing. And everyone said she'll never get the nomination. But they were afraid because they wanted to be politically correct, so they gave it to her.

But she was the weakest person on the whole list. But she's got the fake news. They're all fake, and they -- they're behind her. Nobody knows why. I'm sure they don't know why. They do it out of habit. They do it out of -- because there's no reason why anybody would be behind her. She's not qualified.

She'll do a horrible job. She'll be the worst president. She'll be worse than Joe, which is hard to believe. The happiest president right now is Jimmy Carter because his administration was brilliant compared to the one we have right now, and it's a very nice thing. He's an old guy, but he's the happiest guy in the world because he was brilliant by comparison to these people.

They are the worst ever. On day one of my new administration, I'll stop all of the migrant flights into our country. You know, those planes are flying over right now, and they don't count them in the numbers. I don't know if you know. They and the phone app, which are thousands and thousands of -- they're not counted in the numbers.

That's why they do it because they don't want to count it. I will end catch and release. I will restore Remain in Mexico. I will bring back Title 42. That's the medical. I will send in federal law enforcement to rescue every town that has been taken over by migrant gangs and criminal alien thugs. And by that time, many of your towns in this great state will be in that position.

It's happening fast. It's happening fast. And again, the politicians don't like talking because they think it's bad publicity. Worse publicity is to let it happen. The governor of Colorado is a Democrat liberal guy. He's beside -- he doesn't know what to do. These Venezuelans have come in. They're taking over big parts of his towns, and he doesn't -- and they're -- they're armed with weapons that the military doesn't even have.

We will seal the border. We will stop the invasion immediately. We will begin the largest deportation operation in the history of our country because we have no choice.  No matter what obstacles and dangers are thrown in our path, I will keep on fighting for you and for this country that we all love.

That's why I'm doing this. I tell you what, I had a good life before I did this. Nobody was shooting at me. I had a hell of a life. Oh, those locations, those beautiful -- I could have been -- I could have been sunbathing on the beach. You have never seen a body so beautiful, much better than -- much better than sleepy Joe.

No, but think of it. Here's a guy. He's president. Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, he goes to the beach. And then he's got a lot of cameras, you know, and somebody told him he looks good in a bathing suit. But -- and he doesn't know -- you know, what's he, 82. It's hard, generally speaking, to look great.

But the mind can be good. You know, the -- I know so many people in their 90s that are sharp. He's not one of them. No, he's not. But -- but think, any guy that can lie down and in front of cameras fall asleep, stone-cold out, and he's the president of the United States and it's a Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday.

He's laying in the beach and he's sleeping. I say how the hell do you fall asleep in front of the fake news media? But see, he can do it. If I did that, I would be -- but because they protect him, he can do it. But he's out cold. And in certain ways, I respect him. I wish I had that ability to fall asleep like that.

I would love that ability. I'd get a lot more sleep. That would be a good thing. But he goes to sleep, stone-cold in front of the -- the media. I never saw anything like it. He's sleeping. I say what the hell. How do you do that? And, you know, honestly, our people don't want to see him at the beach on a Tuesday sleeping.

We really don't want to see that. Our American ancestors shed their blood and tears to build this magnificent land, and we are not going to let Kamala Harris and her party of absolute lunatics like Nancy Pelosi -- how about Nancy? Did you see -- did you see this crazy Nancy? She's crazy as a bedbug.  Listen, crazy Nancy, OK, Visa announces that they're under major investigation, major, by the Department of Justice, major, Visa.

She owns a lot of Visa stock. And they said Nancy Pelosi, she sold it the day before it was announced, one day, her and her husband.  They sold their stock the day before this was announced. Can you imagine if that were a Republican? I don't think so. Oh, no, it's terrible. It's terrible.

No, it's terrible that they're allowed to do that. It's terrible. But you're the people of America, you're the soul of America, and you will be trampled over no longer. We're not going to let this happen. We've got to stop it. We've got to stop it now. You know, I used to say they're trying to destroy our country, and I always hated the sound of that, they're trying -- the truth is they have destroyed our country.

What they've done, they've destroyed -- but we're going to bring it back. We're going to bring it back fast. In this election, we need record turnout from our small towns. We need the heartland of America to stand up and to rescue this nation. We have so many great little towns and cities, you add them all up and they're big -- they're big.

That's what I've always had. But they're trying to destroy them. And they're petrified. I told you, they're petrified of what's happening, even if they haven't gotten the migrants yet. They're all coming. We need the entire Midwest to get out and vote in early mail-in voting for everywhere. The Midwest has been so powerful for us.

This area has been so powerful for us. You've been powerful for us. But, Wisconsin -- I mean, honestly, any place where there's honest voting has been powerful for us. When you look at California, which, by the way, she destroyed San Francisco. She was the DA. Then she became the attorney general of California.

She destroyed California, along with Gavin New-scum. You know that Gavin?  So, I want to ask you to go and vote and really go vote to save America. I believe this is the most important election in the history of our country. With your support, we will get the border shut, we will send the illegals back, we will repel the invasion immediately.

It won't take long. We'll defend our territory, reclaim our sovereignty. We've lost our sovereignty. And restore the allegiance of our government to the people of this country. Together, we will make America powerful again, make America wealthy again, make America healthy again, make America strong again, make America proud again, make America safe again, and we will make America great again.

We are going to make it greater than ever before. So, Wisconsin, get out and vote. God bless you, all. I'll be back. I'll see you soon. Thank you. Get out and vote. Save our country. Save our country.