Thank you. Thank you, everybody. Thank you. Well, thank you very much, everybody. It's an honor to be here. We're working very hard in this state. We're leading in the state. And with Tommy's help, we're going to win this state. And with everyone else's help also, we're going to win it. We won it once.

We had great primaries here, and we think we did really fantastically another time. But we're -- we think we're going to win it very big. There's tremendous enthusiasm. We've never had the enthusiasm that we have right now. So, I just want to thank Governor Thompson, and thanks as well to Congressman Bryan Steil.

Thank you very much, Bryan, for -- for the job. Appreciate it. And everyone else for being here today. It's a very impressive looking group of media. This is largely a press conference. It's a big press conference. I was surprised they got that much hand. I don't know, was the press -- were they clapping? Because it was very impressive.

No, I was impressed actually. But, no, a lot of respect. We have to be together. Before we begin, I want to send our love to the millions of people who are still suffering from the aftermath of Hurricane Helene. Yesterday, I was in Georgia to survey the terrible damage from the storm. It was terrible.

And Georgia was hit very, very hard. They're doing a great job. Governor is doing a great job. Everybody, they're all working together. And we helped them out a little bit in North Carolina. The biggest problem seems to be like zero communication. The polls were all down. The wires were all down. And they asked me whether or not I could help with Starlink.

It's another genius concept of Elon Musk. And I called Elon, and they were having a hard time getting it -- it's a -- it's a hot thing. And Elon immediately got involved, and we have the most incredible that they did. In one day, they got tremendous communication. They went from no -- I mean literally no communication to tremendous.

So, I want to thank Elon Musk for what he's done in North Carolina, a little bit help in Georgia, too, where they had some areas that had a hard time with communication. He hooked it up to the satellites, which he feels very confident in doing. He likes satellites. You know, he likes rocket ships, satellites, and there's nobody better.

He's something -- he's a piece of work, I'll tell you. But he had it done in about 15 seconds. He said, "Look, it goes right up to the satellite." It's already back down. And they had so much -- they had such great communication so rapidly. It's incredible, actually. And the situation in western North Carolina is very catastrophic, very bad.

And they don't even realize the extent of it yet. A lot of people are missing. But we're going to be working with them in North Carolina. Great people, great state, and we're working very hard with them to make sure that -- that it works out as well as it can. Amazingly, this is one of the biggest hurricanes anyone's ever seen.

You know, it's late in the season, very unusual. I guess the water -- the water was 20 feet high, and nobody expects that people go up to their house. And they think they're safe on the second floor and they weren't safe. This was one of the -- they call it the waterfalls. This was one of the biggest they've ever seen.

So, it's too bad. Very late in the season. You almost don't even think of it as hurricane season. Our hearts break for every family that has lost a home, and they've lost so much. They've lost everything in many cases. A lot of people don't have insurance. And we have to come together as neighbors and friends and fellow citizens to support those in need.

And there's a lot of those in need right now. Unfortunately, I look forward to being back in North Carolina and Georgia very soon. And also Tennessee and Alabama, we -- we had some big damage, big damage. But -- but North Carolina was really hit. So, we're going to work with them very hard and hopefully help them.

We're here today to talk about how we're going to rescue American families from the nightmare of the Harris-Biden administration and launch a new generation of golden age for America. You know what's going on with the schools in our country. Not a good situation. Since Kamala Harris cast the deciding votes on the bills that caused the worst inflation in American history by far, by the way, higher prices have cost the typical American family over $29,000.

And you're continuing to pay $1,100 every single month more, more than you were doing before. Nobody can afford that. Even if you get a salary increase, it's nothing compared to the kind of numbers you're talking about. Inflation is devastation, inflation is country bust, and it breaks countries. Look at Germany from centuries ago.

Look at other countries, whether it's centuries ago or decades ago. Anything -- any country that goes through inflation -- and we went through a really bad period. We had the worst in our history. 8.4 million Americans are now working second jobs, the highest in more than 38 years and, you now, have to make $111,000 a year.

That's a lot of money to afford an average home, a 46 percent increase since when I was president. So, it's 46 percent higher. And that's not even including the cost of interest because interest went from 2 percent to 11 percent. And you can't get the money at 11 percent. So, it's not 11. It's a lot higher than that.

With a colossal big government negotiations, Kamala Harris, who's really -- who destroyed San Francisco and destroyed California. San Francisco was the best city in the country 18, 19 years ago. Bob Tisch, a friend of mine from Loews, many of you know Bob Tisch, he said it was the best city in the country.

He was a businessman that had holdings all over. He said San Francisco was the best. He wouldn't believe it. He passed away a number of years ago, but he wouldn't believe what's happened to it. And he's also added an estimated $6,300 a year in regulatory costs onto the backs of every American family.

So, Kamala Harris has done this, and she's done it at a level like nobody's ever seen, with the help of Joe Biden. But I'm not sure Joe was involved because I'm not sure he was involved in anything, to be honest with you. Now, Kamala is coming back for more. So, she ruined San Francisco, she ruins the state of California.

And now, she's coming back to destroy the United States of America. But we're not going to let it happen. As you know, she's a Marxist. Her father is a Marxist professor who nobody has spoken to. I'd love to talk to him. I would be interested in talking to him, actually. But we can't let this happen.

We were way up on Biden, 21 points up on Biden after the debate. And they had a coup. They told him, "You're not going to run." And he's not a happy man. He's pretending he's happy, but they took him out. He had 14 million votes. She had no votes. She was the first one that got broken in the primaries.

She never made it to Iowa. She was the first one out. And now, she's running. The whole thing doesn't make a lot of sense. You had many people did much better. They had 22 people running, and she was the first one out. She went in, and she went out because people didn't like her. She wasn't good. And now, she's the one that's representing the party, and the press gives her a free pass.

And that's a little ridiculous, isn't it? But also, never happened where we spent over $100 million on fighting Joe Biden. And then, all of a sudden, we're fighting somebody else. That's like a fight -- the fighter is doing badly and you say, "OK, let's take him out and give somebody else a chance to win in the middle of the fight."

So, Kamala's plan is projected to raise the typical family's taxes by $2,600. And the tax queen -- you know they called her the tax queen in California because she always had -- she liked taxes. I've never seen anyone win a race where they raise taxes all the time. But she like taxes. This is a unique -- this is definitely a unique election anyway.

The tax queen also wants the largest small business tax hike in history and a 33 percent tax hike on American small businesses, which will send consumer prices skyrocketing. Do you think they're bad now? If Kamala gets four more years, she will crush family budgets with crippling energy costs, thanks to her green new scam.

The green new scam is one of the greatest, most difficult things to be watching. The real number they want is $93 trillion. They want buildings taken down and new buildings built without windows because it's more efficient. Let's do that. Let's just tell people. You have a beautiful apartment, but you don't have any windows.

It's one of the great scams. But you know, the amazing thing is that nobody talks about it anymore. They're not talking about the green new deal anymore. They're not talking about environmental anymore. They're not talking about the oceans will rise by one-sixteenth of an inch over the next 400 years.

They don't talk about it anymore. Something's happened, I don't know what it is. I think it's -- maybe it's not selling too well anymore. They call it now climate change because global warming wasn't working because the planet's actually gotten a little bit cooler recently. But climate change covers everything.

It can rain, it can be dry, it can be hot, it can be cold. Climate change, everything is -- look and I'm -- I believe I really am an environmentalist. I've gotten environmental awards, but I want clean, beautiful air and clean, beautiful water. That's all crystal clean water, and we want clean air. And, you know, during the last two years of my administration, we had the best on record, and we had a lot of drill, baby, drill.

We had a lot of drilling, but we had the best on record. My plan will cut energy prices in half within 12 months. We're going to have energy prices for businesses, but, in my opinion, maybe even more importantly for the average household, I said by 12 months from January 20th, which is the day we go into office.

I hope we have a country left because we are -- what's going on now is very dangerous. I've been talking about World War III. What's going on now between Russia, Ukraine, and the Middle East blowing up all over the place. It's a very dangerous time, most dangerous time since the end of World War II without even question.

But my plan will cut energy prices in half. I'm going to knock it out 50 percent all. This is for families and businesses and everything. And with the artificial intelligence, as you know and shocking, but you need more energy for -- to make that competitive with China and some others. But primarily China, they're going wild now.

They're building tremendous electricity, electric capacity, as you know. But you need more electricity, you have to create tremendous amounts of electricity in order to compete and more than we have right now for the whole country. So, you have to more than double up what we have right now to be competitive.

And we'll be able to do that. I'll be able to do that. They won't be able to do it. You have to make sure your environmental impact statements get approved very quickly. Otherwise, you'll never be able to compete. They don't do environmental impact statements in China, to the best of my knowledge. They have one man say, "Yeah, you can build it," and that's the end of that.

That was the environmental impact statement. We have to go through sometimes years of things, but all of that's going to be rapidly expedited. It's going to save you thousands of dollars on gasoline and home heating and air conditioning and electricity. We're going to say we're going to be down -- for the entire energy package, you will be down by a minimum of 50 percent one year after January 20th.

Nobody else will say that, but I can do that. Because we have more liquid gold under our feet than anybody, any other country. And I know how to use it. We had it going so well. And now, we're buying oil from Venezuela and lots of other places that we shouldn't be buying. I call it Venezuelan tar because essentially it's tar.

You know, it's -- they have -- the places that they hone it and develop it is right in the middle of Houston, right in the middle of Houston. We have a refinery that only does that oil. It's the only one in the world that does that oil because it's not oil, it's tar. And if you're an environmentalist and you like Texas -- because I love Texas.

We just got a poll from Texas where we're through the roof in Texas, which I love because I think it's an incredible place. But if you're an environmental person, the tar and all of the other things coming out of those chimneys and that -- in that wonderful place, the only place in the entire world that does Venezuelan -- I call it, Venezuelan tar.

But there's no reason for us to be doing it because we have more oil and gas. We have more, I say, liquid gold. I think it's the most -- the best expression. We have more liquid gold than Russia, Saudi Arabia, any other country in the world. And we don't even use it. And ours is pure. Perhaps, worst of all, Kamala's mass migrant invasion will destroy our economy, importing tens of millions of -- I mean, think of it, more illegal aliens and -- we've never even thought about taking in.

And for me to watch her the other night standing up at a television set saying -- with a news conference saying how she's going to all of a sudden get involved at the border. She was the border czar. She did a horrible job. She allowed 21 million-plus people to come in and many of them, and you've heard me say this many times, they came from prisons and jails.

They came from mental institutions and insane asylums. And they came from terrorist camps where they trained them to come into the United States. And they come into the United States. Many, many terrorists. We have more terrorists come into the United States in the last three years than we have had in the last 30 years.

And these are the real terrorists. These are the real ones. We have no idea who they are. They let them come in. Just open borders, just the dumbest thing I've ever seen, other than if you're trying to sign them up to vote, which is what they're trying to do. Kamala grants them all amnesty, and she's promised that it will obliterate.

I mean, she promised them that they're going into Medicare and Social Security. And if they go into Medicare and Social Security, then she's going to kill Medicare and Social Security. And we're not going to let her do that. And I didn't let anything happen to either of them during my four years. We didn't raise the age for Social Security.

They're going to end up raising it by six or seven years if they get in. With four more years of Kamala, you'll have a 1929-style depression, that's sort of the ultimate depression. 1929 was the worst. You don't get worse than that. And it took 25 years to recover, frankly. You know, people say, "Oh, we recovered with Roosevelt."

No, it took 25 years to recover from it, and it was tremendous pain and suffering. And that's going to happen again. And I've been very good at predicting things ever. The hat says Trump was right about everything, and it wasn't even my hat. I didn't even do it. But somebody made a lot of money. Trump was right about everything.

But when I win, the next Trump economic boom begins the moment the polls close in Wisconsin on November 5th. And again, Bryan and Tommy and all of the people that have been so great here, we're seeing numbers that a lot of people have never seen -- real numbers that a lot of people haven't seen, especially as Republicans.

They haven't seen -- because they want to have our country back. They don't want to have millions of people pouring in that are criminals, that are murderers. Think of it. We had 13. And this was -- these are numbers that were never announced because they never wanted to do that. They never really talked about these numbers.

They've never done it in many years, but they did here. And I think somebody at -- whether it's Border Patrol or Justice, but somebody said it has to be done. It was announced just before she went to the microphone to say that she was going to do a good job at the border. And a lot of people were saying, "Well, why hasn't she done it in four years? Why -- Why are you doing a good job now?" She's done a horrible job even where they tried to give it a little bit of a kick two months ago, three months ago so they could look a little bit better for the election.

They didn't say that they're flying thousands of people over, and those numbers aren't included or the app. They have an app that's being used by the cartel leaders, the people that are making billions of dollars. The cartel leaders, think of this, call the app and they say where to drop the illegal migrants.

This is done under their administration. It's nobody's ever seen anything like it. But they said they closed the border, but they didn't say that the airplanes are flying over with hundreds of thousands of migrants dropping them all over the place. And I'll tell you what. The people in these towns are scared.

They're scared. Even if they haven't arrived there yet, they're scared. When you take a look at what's happening in Ohio, Springfield, where you have a town of 50,000 people, that's beautiful, it's safe, a great place, idyllic actually. And now, they've, in a short period of time, dropped 32,000 people there.

And some of those people are pretty tough people. And the mayor of the town, I don't know him, but he seems like a nice man. But he doesn't want to talk anything, he doesn't want to say anything bad. He wants to be politically correct. And all he says is we're trying to get interpreters because none of the people -- virtually none of them speak English.

So, he's looking for interpreters when he should be looking for people to take them home because this country cannot sustain what's happening to it. We can't sustain hundreds of thousands of people coming in a month or, more importantly, in a short period of time, 21 million-plus. We have no idea what it is.

You have gotaways, nobody has any idea if you include the gotaways what the number -- we can't even really say, you know, with other countries. Like China, you say it's 1.4 billion. With India, you say it's 1.5 billion. They're big. With us, you don't really know what the number is. You say, how many do we have? Is it 320? Is it 325? Is it 350? Nobody knows if you go to government agencies say how many people are in our country, they have no idea.

Well, we're going to have an idea very soon. Under my leadership, real median household income rose by $7,684. And that's before the pandemic. And even after the pandemic, the annual income was up $6,400. We did a great job in the pandemic, never got the credit we deserved. But we did an amazing job.

Operation Warp Speed is being studied by many, many schools, both militarily and business-wise, Operation Warp Speed. Even my greatest enemies, they say what a job that was. That was a job like no other -- nobody else has ever done. And it's ripped the world apart. Every country got ripped apart, including China.

China was delayed, but it was hit harder proportionately probably than almost any country. And it was a terrible time, probably $60 trillion in damage and caused by the Wuhan Lab. I said that from the beginning. It came out of Wuhan, and the Wuhan Lab -- it wasn't from bats in a cave that was 2,000 miles away.

It wasn't from Italy, it wasn't from France. They blamed everybody. It's really the China virus. But we did a great job with the ventilators, with the -- the masks and the gowns and everything. You know, when we got here, the cupboard -- our cupboards -- I used to say, our cupboards were bare. We had nothing.

No president put anything in for a pandemic. And I don't blame them. Who would have thought? I thought it was sort of an ancient thing. It didn't -- wouldn't happen now. So, it wasn't, you know, something that I ever mentioned very much. I didn't blame other presidents, but they didn't put anything into it.

So, we had -- the cupboards were bare. And all of a sudden, we heard there's something coming from China and terrible. We had the greatest economy in the history of our country. We gave you the biggest tax cuts in the history of our country and the biggest regulation cuts by far, and the biggest, all by far, in the history of our country, and rebuilt our military.

But a lot of that -- not relatively speaking maybe, but a big chunk went to Afghanistan where they're one of the biggest sellers of military equipment now in the world. And what I say is the most embarrassing moment in the history of the United States that we took the soldiers out first. You're supposed to take the soldiers out last.

A child would know that. I brought a child up to the dais once, and I gave him the facts in front of a very big crowd of maybe 10,000 people, maybe more. I gave him the facts. I said, "So, would you take the military out first or last?" He said, "I'll take the military out last, sir." He was 5-years-old.

I said, "How old are you?" He said five. A lot of you saw that. As president, I will deliver gigantic tax cuts for working families. And we will have no tax on tips, no tax on overtime, and no tax on Social Security benefits for our seniors. And that's a very big thing, but especially the last one for our seniors because they've been decimated.

Young people have, too, but they've been decimated, seniors, on their fixed incomes. But nobody's ever been hurt more. Nobody has been hurt more than seniors with respect to inflation. Inflation has just absolutely destroyed seniors. So, I'm giving them no tax on Social Security benefits, and that will make up for some of it.

This was all created by Biden and Harris, although nobody knows -- when I say Harris, nobody knows who I'm talking about. So, Kamala. And while working Americans catch up, we're going to put a temporary cap on credit card interest rates of 10 percent because those rates are going up to 22, 24, 26 percent, and it's not sustainable.

It's not fair. So, it'll be temporary, but we have to help people. They can't pay those rates. We're going to unleash American energy and drive the prices way down. We're going to stop the people from pouring into our border. We're going to have a mass deportation of criminals. We have to get the criminals out of our country.

They're not going to help us. Again, you had 13,000 -- more than 13,000 -- to be exact 13,099, and these are murderers. These are murderers that have murdered in many cases -- about 30 percent of the cases, more than one person. And in some cases, more than five people. These are real murderers. These make our bad people look like innocent people.

I know a lot of the talk from the radical left people is "Well, these immigrants don't commit crime." No, these people are among the worst in the world. They come from -- from the Congo and Africa, many people from the Congo. I don't know what that is, but they come out of jails in the Congo. You know, they're letting their jail population come into the United States.

Their jails are being emptied into the United States. Their gang members are being taken out of Caracas, Venezuela and lots of other places, which was a rough city, rough, very dangerous city. And they're being delivered into the United States. They're gang members. And these are tough gang members. You see what's happening in Aurora in Colorado.

The mayor is petrified he -- he doesn't -- I mean he's petrified, but the governor is a mess. He doesn't know what the hell -- he's a Democrat liberal, and they're taking over real estate, lots of real estate. The governor doesn't know what to do. And you know, they want to be politically correct. They don't want to say anything.

They're so afraid of saying anything and offending anybody. They have to go in, they have to get them out. But when you look at what's happened in Aurora and Colorado, it's incredible. And Springfield is unbelievable. Again, a beautiful community. And now, almost immediately, 32,000 more people. And these are people that have had a rough life, too.

Tough, some of them are real tough, but they've had a rough life. It's not sustainable. It's not sustainable. People in Springfield are moving out. They have to move out. They can't -- they're not going to be able to live there. I'm going to appoint Elon Musk, who's a fantastic guy, to lead a government efficiency commission, tasked with saving trillions of dollars in fraud, waste, and abuse and driving down inflation and driving down costs.

We have tremendous fat, tremendous fat. I mean, just one example, when I came in, I was asked by Boeing to sign a contract with -- for the purchase of a new Air Force One and -- which is actually two planes. A lot of people don't know it. In a way, it's four planes because it's -- sort of Air Force One becomes the plane that the president uses.

And I was asked to do it, and I was able to cut $1.5 billion, $1.6 billion off the deal without any changes, except I was giving it a better-looking paint job. And we ordered new ones, you know, because we have -- Air Force One is 32-years-old -- two planes, 32-years-old. And you'd come and you'd land it next to some of these planes from Saudi Arabia and a lot of other places.

United Arab Emirates is a beauty. But you'd land the plane, and the plane looked awfully shabby. It was time, 32-years-old. So, I got new ones. But when I came in, they asked me to sign a $5.6 billion or $5.7 billion contract. Now, they're very special planes and all because it's like -- you know, people give billions for airplanes, but they're very special.

I can't even say why, but I can tell you that. I'm not supposed to. But they are very expensive but incredible planes from Boeing. And I said, "I'm not going to sign it. It's too much." And Boeing came back and they cut $400 million off just by my saying that. And I said, "No, it's too high." I said it has to have a three in the front of it.

It has to have a three. Because this was a five, right, 5.6 billion, 5.7 billion. I said, "Nope, it's too high." And they called back a week later and they took another $250 million. So, I got 650 million. With like about two minutes of conversation, I said "No, I'm not doing it. It has to have a three."

And this went on for about a month. And I sort of forgot about it, I said, "Look, forget it, let's not do it." And lo and behold, about four months later, I got a call from Dennis. This was prior to the horrible accidents, the two accidents that really hurt Boeing. I mean, it was the greatest company in the world.

I think it was thought of as the greatest company in the world. And now, it's not considered that. They went down a long way. But this was when it was prime time -- Boeing prime time at the beginning of my term. And they said, "Here's the story, sir. We thought we had a deal at $5.7 billion. We'll do it for $3.999 billion, nine, nine, nine, nine, nine, and 99 cents, one penny less than four. I said, "

You got a deal." So, I saved about 1.6 billion. Same exact plane, nothing different. It's not like, oh, gee, we have cheaper engines, or we have no generation system, or the wings are smaller, or lots of things that you can do to cheapen it up. No, the exact same plane except we had a much better paint job. And we saved $1.6 billion. And it took me like three months. And actually, the last part was the most effective because I gave up on him, and he called up out of the blue. In fact, when he called, I said, "

The head of Boeing, what the hell does he want?" That's always the best way to negotiate when it doesn't matter to you so much, right? I said, "What does he want?" And then he said, "You know the plane that we've been talking about a few months ago?" "Yeah, tell me about it." That's when he made the best offer. So, we saved 1.6 billion or 1.7 billion for -- I said, "

So, you're going to make 1.7 billion to build an airplane? That was the way I looked at it, and we have so much. Elon Musk is a master of that, and he's so into it because he loves the country so much. He endorsed me with the warmest endorsement. He thinks it's very important that I win because we're going to save our country.

If these people win, we're not going to have a country. But we're going to have Elon do it. And he'll be able to save, I think, trillions of dollars. I really do. I think trillions of dollars. And nobody in the country will feel a thing except we'll save our country, and we'll then start paying down debt.

But we have deficits. I think we're going to have a $2 trillion deficit with Biden this year or Kamala. Two trillion dollars, it's not sustainable. You can't do that. And China has gotten totally out of control. As you know, they're -- the deficit with China is incredible. The deficit with the European Union is massive, like $320 billion.

And, you know, we have a new one now, Mexico, because Mexico is starting to get a little rambunctious with the car business. And for those people in United Auto Workers, the head of the union is incompetent. The deal he made and allowing the United States to go to all-electric is insane because people don't want to buy all-electric.

I think electric cars are great, but, you know, it's a market, a little percentage, probably 10 percent. I don't know, some percentage. I think they're great, but they don't go far. They're made in China, and they're very expensive. And not everybody can have them. They want everybody to have an electric car.

It won't work. We don't have enough electricity right now to take care of our homes and our buildings in California. Gavin Newsom has a situation that's unbelievable. He's having blackouts and brownouts every week. And now, we're supposed to, on top of it, feed cars all of this electricity. So, it doesn't make sense.

I'll be terminating that on day one. And again, we're all for electric cars, I think it's great. I think Tesla -- I think Elon makes great cars. And, you know, somebody said, "Did he ever speak to you about it?" Because you know the way I've been saying this for two years. It's a tribute to him. He never mentioned it to me once.

It's pretty amazing. He never -- he didn't say, "Well, listen, you got to lay off." Because I'm a big fan of electric cars, but not for everyone. You have to have gasoline-powered cars, and hybrids are great. And some new ones are coming on the market. We have hydrogen. Hydrogen is a hot one right now, but it has a little problem.

It tends to blow up on occasion. And if it does blow up, you are unrecognizable. They will never be able to see who you were, maybe a blood sample, but it's a bad blow up. I would say that's a serious problem. So, I don't expect to be buying a hydrogen car for myself. But a lot of great things are -- are in the marketplace because we're here in Wisconsin with the great Governor Thompson.

He's a great man. He's a great politician, one of the most popular, I think the most popular politician in the history of the state. And it's an honor that he even does this. I mean, he just feels it's -- he's a little like Elon in that sense. He feels it's so important. But one of the founding fathers of School Choice, I didn't even know that until a couple of days ago.

But he's a big School Choice -- a lot of people are -- I got lots of calls, I got lots of calls. I even got a call from Rupert Murdoch, who I have a lot of respect for. And he said, "School Choice, School Choice, you have to go with School Choice." That was just today. I said, "I didn't know he was so into School Choice," but he feels very strongly about it.

And he's a good man, too. I also want to talk about another way that we can help the American family supporting School Choice for every child. And, you know, you have to do the School Choice thing because, right now, we are just about at the bottom of every list. And yet, we're No. 1 on every list of cost per pupil.

Cost per student, we're No. 1. And if you look at a list of the top 40 nations, we are at the bottom of the list. We're No. 40, No. 39 all the time, and often led by Norway and Denmark and Sweden. And China is in the top five usually, pretty amazing with 1.4 billion people, pretty amazing. But China is in the top five.

And we're No. 40, No. 39. And one of the things we'll be doing is moving education back into the states. And, you know, if you think about it, like a state like this, I think would do fantastically well with education. I think that a state like Iowa and Idaho and Indiana, I think you'd end up -- I was looking at them the other night, looking at them just from common sense -- you know, we're a party of common sense, and I said -- more than anything else now we're the party of common sense because that's more important than anything else.

We don't want men in women's sports, we want to have strong borders, and we want to have fair elections, not rigged elections. And we have a lot of problems in this country. But if you take a look at all of it, everything that we're doing, every single thing that we're doing is based on structure and common sense.

I was looking at the various states, and I think 35 states could be the equivalent of Norway and Denmark. If you think about it, they'd run great. I mean, I think Iowa would do great. I think Idaho would do great. I mean, these are states that have no debt, they have low taxes, they've done great. And then, you have the same -- you know, you have a guy like Gavin, who wouldn't do very well, I don't think, with it.

He signed -- he signed a thing yesterday, somebody told me, I haven't -- it's not confirmed, but he signed a document yesterday that said you're not allowed to ask a voter for ID identification. And if you do, it's like a crime. Why would anybody do that? In other words, this was signed yesterday or the day before by Gavin Newsom, a failed governor.

And it said if you ask anybody whether or not anything having to do with their identification -- now for everything else, you're allowed to have a card. But for voting, which is our most important act, it's considered virtually a crime, so you're not allowed to ask for identification. Now, there's only one reason that's done that's because they want to cheat on elections.

When you have something like that, where there will be no asking, it's not a question of having voter ID. It's a question not even allowed to ask. And if you ask, it's a crime that's only because of the fact that they want to cheat on elections. And we can be nice, and we can be politically incorrect, but the only thing they're going to do there is cheat on elections.

And we just can't let this happen. The city of Milwaukee is the home of first and oldest choice program. You have the School Choice program in Milwaukee, it's the oldest in the whole nation. In Milwaukee, which has been run by Democrats for over half a century, it's incredible. Families are faced with one of the worst public school systems in the entire country considered, pretty much the worst, but there are some others that are right there with you.

I guarantee you that. Only 16 percent of Milwaukee public school students are reading at grade level, and only 10 percent can do math at grade level. So, you're talking about 16 percent and 10 percent can basically read or do math. School Choice gives Milwaukee children a lifeline to a better education, eighth grade students in Milwaukee.

And in Milwaukee schools, choice programs are more than twice as likely to be proficient or advanced in math, and that's good. But, you know, when you say we're going to double up from 16 percent or double up from 10 percent, it's not really great, is it? And outsourced -- we're going to outsource -- and outscore other public school districts, so they want to compete against -- start off by competing against certain public school districts.

And I guess that's a good place to start. But it's -- they got to straighten out the schools in this country. Schools are really bad. And we're going to be -- I think we're going to be able to do that. I think we're going to be able to do a lot of it. But if they're run by the state and run by like the parents -- because in Washington -- you know, half of the buildings, such a large number -- every building you pass in Washington says Department of Education.

You would have -- you're going to have a lot of like vacant space. Now, we can have somebody else maybe move in. But the -- these schools, these -- it's massive, it's massive. I figure we'll have like one person plus a secretary. You'll have a secretary to the secretary. You'll have one person plus a secretary.

And all the person has to do is, "Are you teaching English? Are you teaching arithmetic? What are you doing?" "Reading, writing, and arithmetic." "And are you not teaching woke?" Not teaching woke is a very big factor. But we'll have a very small staff. We can occupy that staff right in this room. Actually, I think this room is too large.

And all they're going to do is they're going to see that the basics are taken care of. You know, we don't want to have somebody get crazy and start teaching a language that we don't want them to teach. But we'll do something with education, I think when we move it into the local districts. But the big thing is we're going to take it all out of Washington.

We're going to send it all back to the states. We're going to spend less than half, and we're going to have much better education. But in many states, you will be the equivalent. I mean, you have states that are incredible. And in many states, you'll be the equivalent of a top three, top four school, like a Norway or a -- Sweden is very strongly thought of, too.

Although, lately, they've had some problems. You know all about that. If you want a better education for your child, Kamala Harris stands in your way. Kamala and the radical left Democrat Party want to keep Black and Hispanic children trapped in family government. I mean, I think that's really the reason.

It's all Democrat we're talking about. You know of the top 25 dangerous cities, virtually every single one of them is a Democrat-run city. So, I think there'll be a lot of changes made. I really do. I just can't believe people can continue to go for this. But by contrast, I believe that School Choice is the civil rights issue of our time.

A child's fate should be the -- and should be determined by their -- you have to -- it has to be determined by their love of education, by their parents, by so many factors. But it can't be determined by a zip code. And no parent should be forced to send their child to a failing government-run school.

I mean, in all fairness, they get into these schools, they're so bad. You don't give them a chance. We spend more money on education than any other country in the world. And I said before, much more money per pupil. We're No. 1 on every list. And yet, our public schools get worse and the results get worse.

And it goes just so horrible to see it. I mean, think of it, they graduate from public school, and they can't read, they can't write. This is people that actually literally graduate can barely read or write. Wisconsin private schools received nearly 3,000 less per student per year through the School Choice programs and public schools, yet they achieve far better outcomes.

Great job they've done, actually, even as they fail to educate our youth. Our opponents are using government schools to indoctrinate children, pushing radical transgender ideology on children, and changing the child's gender without even parental consent. Can you imagine that? Your child leaves for school and comes home, and their gender has been changed.

I don't want to get into the details, but it's not even believable, without parental consent. All of that's changing. It's changing immediately. One of the things I wanted to mention with all of the people coming in, they're taking Black and Hispanic jobs. The Black population, their unemployment is way up over the last few months.

And, no, the fake news isn't reporting it. And the reason they're way up is the illegal migrants are taking the Black population's jobs and the Hispanic population's jobs. And that's not fair, that's not a good thing. But that's what's happening. They come in. And many of these people, again, and many of them aren't, many of them are criminals.

Many of them are people that have murdered people, and we just don't know about it. We know nothing about these people because they came in. They didn't have to report. They didn't have to give a piece of paper. I had Remain in Mexico, very strong. The president of Mexico approved. And I said, "Look, you're going to have to approve it."

He said, "I won't approve that. Why would I approve that? Why am I stupid?" I said, "No, you're not stupid. You're very smart. That's our problem. You're too smart." I said, "But you're going to approve it." And he said, "Why would I do that?" I said, "Because if you don't, I'm going to put 100 percent tariffs on your cars coming in, and we're going to make a fortune. He said, "

Like you said, I will approve it. Took me about two minutes." But that is one more reason why I'll fight for the right of every parent to send their child to a public, private charter or a religious school of their choice. We have to be able to have School Choice. School Choice is very important. And the Democrats are very much opposed to it, as you know.

And I have great faith in teachers. You know, I don't care if they're union or nonunion, I have great respect for teachers. They're very -- I've had some teachers that were so good, had a lot to do with my life. Now, some people would say they did a really bad job with him. And that's possible, that's possible.

But, no, they had a lot to do with me. I will tell you, I have great, great respect for teachers at a level that few people would understand. We want federal education dollars to follow the student rather than propping up a bloated and radical bureaucracy in Washington, DC, which is what we're doing now, ultimately.

We want to close the federal Department of Education, and we're going to do that and we're going to move it all back into our states. And as I said, some states are going to be unbelievable. And some states are not going to do a good job. The ones that aren't going to do a good job are the ones that aren't doing a good job now and everything else.

We're joined today by two beneficiaries of School Choice here in Wisconsin sisters, Michaella and Leah Lawrence. Where may you -- look at you -- look -- both attended St. Marcus Lutheran School, a high-performing K-8 private school. And it's a choice school in the inner city Milwaukee. And I love Milwaukee.

We had such a great convention here. They treated us so well. I also like the result. If I didn't get the right result, I probably wouldn't like Milwaukee. I got a great result. But it was beautiful. The building was beautiful. The -- we're going to come here. I believe my people are working. We're going to come here in the same arena.

The arena was great. And we're also going to go to Green Bay. We're going to be announcing it pretty soon, Green Bay for a big -- big one. We're going to have two big ones, very big ones, maybe a third of a little bit more of this nature. But we're going to do a -- your main -- your basketball arena.

We're all sort of set, and we're going to do Green Bay. We'll do it the day before the game as opposed to the day of the game. But Michaella graduated with honors from high school in May and is going to school for dental hygiene. And Leah is now a senior in high school, a wrestler, wow, at Wisconsin Lutheran, who went to the state finals twice, wow, and is currently scouting engineering schools across the country.

She's looking at a really great engineering school. So, Leah and Michaella, if you could come up, I'd love you to say a few words, please. Thank you. Who's the wrestler here?

I'm not -- I'm not going to mess with her. That's good, please.

You're so beautiful. Thank you very much.

What's your record in wrestling?

Well, that's pretty good. She's got a good record. I said, "What's your record in wrestling?" Thank you both. Beautiful job. Thank you. How nice is that? Very proud of you both. It's amazing. So, thank you. And also with us is Taccarra Bell, a mom of three whose family has been uplifted by School Choice.

And so, Taccarra, could you come up and say a few words? Please come on up. It's very exciting. Hi. Thank you.

Oh. Wow. Oh, that's --

Thank you very much.

I'm going to wear it tonight. Thank you. Thank you very, very much. Thank you. Thank you. That's really nice. Come on.

Don't -- don't take it from me. I want to keep -- so again, universal School Choice is very important. We're backing it all the way 100 percent. And I want to thank everybody for being here, and there's a lot of media here. So, if you'd like to ask a couple of questions, I think we'll do that. So, go ahead, please. Brian?

Yes, thank you.

No.

Brian, I think it's the most dangerous time we've had certainly since the end of the Second World War. I think it could end up being a world war. You have two -- two hotspots, and you'll probably have a third maybe with Taiwan. But you have Ukraine and Russia, and that's going -- that's out of control.

I met with President Zelenskyy, and I got along very well with President Putin. I think I can get it solved. But we should get on it immediately. You have to -- I think I would like to be able to solve it while president elect. If I get elected, I'm going to work on that immediately. It's going to be my first two phone calls.

And my second is going to be -- we're going to close the border immediately and have people come into our country, but legally. And my third will be drill, baby, drill. You know, it's like not too complicated. But those -- that call, that series of calls I think is going to be very important. That war, millions of people are being killed.

I don't think people recognize how many people are being killed. I don't think it's being properly reported. It's a horrible, horrible war. And then, you see what's happening even today. You know, where is that going to stop? And, you know, you have to give Israel a lot of credit for being able to protect itself.

You look at these forces. They shut down almost 200 rockets today. But this is not the way anybody should have to live. So, we're going to, obviously, be very involved in the Middle East. This would have never happened. We did the Abraham Accords. I think everybody, including Iran, would have been in the Abraham Accords, had I taken over as president, I believe.

I think even Iran would have been in the Abraham Accords ultimately. It would have been great for everybody, and you would have had peace in the Middle East. We got four countries solved and very respected countries, as you know. They were signed up. And then, when Biden took over, they -- they haven't signed one contract.

I would have had every -- every country in the Middle East would have been signed up. The only question would be Iran. And I think they would have -- you know, for certain reasons, I think they probably would have been there, too. It would have been peace in the Middle East, instead, this is just tearing it apart.

This has really been -- this has really been bad. But they have to finish that process. However, it turns out, they have to finish the process. This is a little bit like two kids fighting in a schoolyard. Sometimes, you have to just sort of let it go a little bit, and we'll see what happens. But that's really caused by a lack of respect for the United States of America.

This would have never happened. Israel would have never happened. October 7th never would have happened. Russia never would have invaded Ukraine. And for four years, they didn't. They would have never invaded. We wouldn't have had inflation. We wouldn't have had -- not the withdrawal because we were withdrawing.

We're the ones that got it ready to withdraw, but we wouldn't have had that horrible, most embarrassing day in the history of our country. And a lot of other good things would have happened. And right now, we have a world in chaos. I always quote Viktor Orban because he's a very respected tough guy. They say he's a tough guy.

Well, I guess they're all sort of tough guys. But Viktor Orban said, "If Trump comes back, you won't have any wars. You won't have any wars." And he's about as tough as they get. And he said it loud and clear and he said why. But you won't have any war. So, I just want to see -- look, there's -- there's no huge benefit.

I think Europe has to pay up more because it's very unequal, and they have to pay up more for that. And they have to do it now because we're -- you know, we have an ocean in between. It's much more important to Europe than it is to us. But we want to see that war taken care of, and we certainly want to see peace in the Middle East as soon as it's possible. All right, thank you very much.

Yeah, please.

Well, I wouldn't be around if they did that, yeah.

Yeah. No, I wouldn't be around if they did that. But let's assume I'm not around, the president of the United States should blow that country to smithereens because you can't do that. And the president should make a statement to that effect. But as you know, I mean, you're in danger right now, you're in danger now because of them and their challenge to me.

And the reason they did that is because I had them in a position where they would have made a deal. They had no money. There was no terrorism. There was no money for Hamas. There was no money for Hezbollah. You know that. I mean, that was reported when I was leaving. They said there was absolutely no terrorism.

In four years, we had no terrorism. And a large part of that was Iran had no money. And I wasn't looking to hurt them. I was looking to -- I want to -- I want them to be wonderful and great and happy, but we didn't want them to have a nuclear weapon. They can't have a nuclear weapon.

Well, I don't want to say what it used because I don't want to give up negotiating abilities because I don't want to say exactly. But they understand where I stand, and we have to get back to being at least a partially civilized world. What's going on today, they sent 200 missiles over to Israel. And now, people would say, "Well, now, it's Israel's turn, right?" That's what happens.

It goes back and forth. It could happen for a long time. It should have never happened. It would never have happened. And, again, Iran was not in a position to sponsor terror because they didn't have any money. I mean, they -- now, they have $300 billion. Biden took off all the sanctions. I had sanctions.

I told China, "If you buy any oil from -- if you buy oil from Iran," that was their biggest customer, "you're not going to do any business in the United States, and we're going to put tariffs all over your products." And they said, "Well, we're going to pass." And they didn't buy, and I said the same thing to other countries, and they didn't buy.

And time went by, and all of a sudden they had no money. And they would have made a deal. And I would have made a good deal for them. I'm not looking to hurt them. I want them to be great, let them be happy and good. But they can't have a nuclear weapon. And now, they're very close to having one, and it's very dangerous for the world, very dangerous for the world.

I mean, the biggest -- the biggest problem today, in my opinion, the biggest risk is the nuclear weapons, the weaponry. It's so powerful today. And I know because I rebuilt the United States military. During my term, I rebuilt it. We had fighter jets that were 50 years old, and we were all F-35s. And we have great -- we have great planes now.

We have largely new -- we gave a lot of it to Afghanistan, stupidly. New goggles, they have new -- the newest goggles. They had the best goggles. They never fought at night because they couldn't see, but now they can fight at night. They have the goggles, they have the -- the trucks that are armor plated.

So, think of it, 70,000 trucks, 70,000. Go to the biggest used car lot in America, and they probably don't have more than 400 or 500 cars available at any one time. We have 70,000 trucks, many of them, millions of dollars each, armor plated with the finest four, five, six-inch armor on these trucks. And we gave it to them.

And they sell the equipment. And they're one of the largest sellers of military equipment. They're selling the equipment that we gave them. Who would do that? Who would be so stupid to do that? Who would move the military out first? Because you know they have American hostages. Most importantly, we lost 13 great soldiers.

And of tremendous importance, we have many soldiers that lost their arms and their legs, and we're just obliterated because of stupid people. We should have left from Bagram, not that base. We had it all mapped out. And we had options. We had a lot of things. They had to do everything they had to do, and they weren't doing it.

And we said, "Good. The deal is dead." And then they did it. We would have had that. It was perfect. It was a beautiful thing. It was going to go well. And they respected me, they respected me. Remember we didn't have one soldier killed in 18 months in Afghanistan. The Taliban, I mean the Taliban, that's their fighter, and I spoke to Abdul, the head of the Taliban, a couple of times.

I explained to him, "You can't do that. You can't do that Abdul." And from the time I spoke to him, we didn't have one -- not one fighter killed, not one American soldier killed or even shot at for 18 months. And then, I left, and we had these clowns take over, and it all blew up. It was not going to blow up.

It was going to be good. One of the worst things they did is give up the largest -- one of the largest air bases in the world, the largest runways, most powerful runways, very deep with concrete. You could land anything on them, you know, meaning the weight. You could land any -- any plane on a very, very long -- I think, like 18,000 feet.

And to give that up and the importance of it, and that was in Afghanistan, the importance of Bagram. And very important was it was one hour away from China where they make their nuclear weapons right in that area. But one hour away from China. Forget about Afghanistan. We should have never been there.

But we were one hour away from where China makes their nuclear weapons. And now, you know who occupies it? China. How about that? They left. So, I was never going to -- I was moving out. We were all set to move. I'm the one that got the soldiers down to that level. We had no problem, and we were going to move out.

Soldiers would have moved out last. We would have taken the equipment. We would have done everything. I had no confidence in the army in -- meaning in their army, the people that they were giving us because they were loyal to the other side. I always knew that. That's why you had so many blue on brown and brown on blue.

You had so many attacks where we trained them, and then we hand them a gun and they turn the gun around. They shoot the sergeants and everybody else there, the Americans. I said, "Well, that was something -- we never had so many attacks like that." We trained them. And as soon as they get a gun that's loaded, they turn it and they shoot everybody.

And I said what the hell is going on over here? And they're tough fighters too, but they weren't. The reason -- the reason they were even in there is because they were the highest-paid soldiers in the world. When Mattis would say, "Sir, they are fighting for their country." Well, they weren't really fighting for their country because, otherwise, you wouldn't have had so many -- I call them turnarounds, where they turn around and shoot you.

They weren't fighting. There was fighting because they were -- they were getting so much money as a soldier. It was just a job where they were making a lot of money, but their loyalty wasn't that great. And the head guy was a total thief. I knew that. I didn't get along with him at all. I -- he left with bags of money on a helicopter, and there were bags of money at the end of the runway.

How stupid can Americans be? The world doesn't respect us because we're -- we've made so many stupid moves. I mean, this guy left with bags of money. And I said he was no good for years. I said he was no good. I met with him a couple of times. I'm fine. But uh, that whole thing was collapsing, but they weren't loyal to us.

They were loyal to themselves. Good fighters, great fighters, I will tell you. Among the best -- they're actually among -- they could take a knife. They were like Rambos. It's like putting a million Rambos. Good old Sylvester Stallone is my friend, but it's like putting a million Rambos. Somebody explained that to me.

They're great fighters. It's like putting a Rambo. Give them a knife, and that's all he needs. And by the time he finishes, he'll go down, and he slits the throats with -- look at what happened with Russia with them. Look at what happened so many different wars. They fight -- they fight tough, but now, they have great equipment.

And then, the other day, it sickens you to see it. They have -- through their boulevard, they have this boulevard, and they're running our equipment through the boulevard, you know, the defeated Americans. We should have left from Bagram because Bagram is a massive base with hundreds of miles of, you know, surrounding area with nothing there and fencing.

And you would have had nobody killed. Instead, a lot of people got killed. We had the 13, but you had hundreds of people who were killed. People, civilians were killed at the same time. So, it's a shame. Again, common sense. We have to use common sense. They should have never left. That's like an inner city airport, and it was packed.

You couldn't even move. And then, a bomb went off and just was so destructive. And so sad because I got to know the parents of the 13 soldiers, most of them. And they're incredible people. They were treated very unfairly. Biden never called them, Kamala never called them. And then, on top of it all, in the debate, she said, "We don't -- we have no soldiers fighting at all. We have no soldiers."

We have soldiers fighting. They were very -- she had no idea. She has no idea what she's doing, and it's very sad. OK?

I didn't say anything because I think it's too soon. I listened. But I think a deal is -- is there to be had. Absolutely. That's what I'd do. What I do is I make deals.

I think that he will make a deal. And I think -- look, it would have been a lot better before because the cities now are all blown up. I mean, they're all blown up, except for Kyiv. You have the cities are -- those beautiful golden towers, they're ancient gold, they're all lying on their sides smashed to smithereens, right? The cities are -- many of them are just gone.

It would have been so great -- would have been so great. Number one, it wouldn't have happened. I wouldn't have had to make a deal. Putin never would have gone -- I talked to him. It was the apple of his eye. I talked to him a lot about Ukraine. I mean, it was the apple of his eye. You know, he said this used to be a part of the Soviet Union.

It used to be a part of Russia. But he had a whole history going. It was something -- he would have never done it. He would have never done it with me there. I mean, I can't speak for the future, probably would have done it eventually. He would have done it because he wanted it. But this was something that was very important to him, but he would have never done it.

And, you know, honestly, he never did do it. And there was never even a threat of him doing it, but we'll get -- I'll get something done. I know both of them. I know both of them very well.

Talked about what?

Yeah.

Well, I think people are going to watch the process a lot closer. Last time we had COVID, people couldn't even get out. You had -- you had no security in rooms. People were afraid to go. Even security people, you couldn't get security. It was a terrible thing that happened last time. If that didn't happen, we'd have a much different country today.

You'd have a much different world today. But last time we had COVID. And to be honest, I mean, you take a look -- take a look at the security. The security was nonexistent. No security guard wanted to go out because they didn't want to catch COVID. Big strong guy, and we say, "Oh, you'll be great." And then he says, "I'm not going out. I don't want to die."

And it was a very sad thing. They did a lot of bad things, including not getting legislative approval for some of the things they did. But I think that people are watching this time. We have lots of lawyers watching, and we're doing it early rather than late. We're not going to do it after. We're doing early.

That's why you see the lawsuits filed. And we're going to try and say too big to rig. You know, we use the expression. As you get a lot, like Tommy Thompson was telling me he's never seen such enthusiasm. And in this state, in Wisconsin, a lot of people have told me that. But they've told me that in other states, too.

And typically, I poll -- you know, we're leading, you saw the polls came out today, we're leading. But typically, I poll very low. And then, in other words, people, it's a little -- you know, I'm not sure it's as nice as they say. Look, we don't want to tell you, and then they vote for Trump, right? That's why the exit polls were so wrong on, number one, they didn't want to say who they're voting for, and then the exit polls reflected that.

And then, at the end of the evening I won. But all I want is a fair election, that's all. Just a fair honest election. I hope we're going to get that.

Did I what?

I'll let you know in about 33 days. No, look, I mean 33 days.

Yeah, go ahead, please. Blue.

So, first of all, injured. What does injured mean? Injured means you mean because they had a headache, because the bombs never hit the fort. So, just so you understand, there was nobody ever tougher in Iraq. They had no money with me. They would have made any deal with me. I would have had a deal made within -- literally, I would have had a deal made within one week after the election.

They were dying to make a deal. And when you say not tough, they had no money. They had no money for Hamas. They had no money for Hezbollah. And when we hit them, they hit us. And they called us. And they said, "We're going to shoot at your fort, but we're not going to hit it." And if you were a truthful reporter, which you're not, you would tell the following.

None of those very accurate missiles hit our fort. They all hit outside. And there was nobody hurt other than the sound was loud, and some people said, "That hurt." And I accept that. But they told us that they were going to do this and that they weren't going to hurt. And they wanted us to know that because they didn't want us to retaliate.

But I essentially bankrupted Iran. They had no money for -- and it was a big story. There was no money for Hezbollah. There was no money for Hamas. There was no terrorism. We had no terror attacks. And I think I would have ultimately gotten along with -- there was nobody ever that was tougher on Iran than I was.

I took their money away, and they were behaved. And I will say and I said it many times, what Biden should have done, he should have made a deal with them in that first week because they were dying. They had nothing. They were dying to do it. But they did just the opposite. They took all the sanctions off.

I had the sanctions that were the toughest. It's like a lot of people say with Russia. Well, I was the one that ended the Nord Stream 2 pipeline, you know that. I think you admit that. I ended it. And then, when Biden came in, he approved it. That was the biggest thing ever that Russia has ever done was the biggest pipeline just about in the world, going to Germany and various places in Europe.

And I ended it. And there was nobody tougher on Russia than I was. But with Iran, it's a very sad situation. But we could have made a deal with Iran. And all of this would have never happened. And the reason was I was the toughest by far. Nobody was ever tougher on Iran. But they did. They called us, and they told us.

We have to retaliate only in the sense that -- and they, you know, I think people know this, we have to retaliate, but we're not going to hit anybody. Just keep your people inside the military base. And that's what happened. The rockets hit in all areas. And of the 18 rockets that were launched, six of them self-destructed, 12 of them -- approximately 12 of them arrived.

And when they arrived, they're very accurate rockets missiles. And when they arrived, they missed the fort. But they had to do that. And I thought it was a very nice thing because they didn't want us to retaliate again. But I was the one that started that. OK?

Yeah, that's a -- that's a big deal.

Yup.

It's massive, it's massive. Those workers are very important to the lifeblood of our country. And it's a massive thing. But don't forget, they've been hurt very badly with inflation. You know those workers, some people would be upset with them and some people not. But those workers were very badly hit with inflation.

And, you know, they're not happy, and they do a good job. And they also don't want to see certain new technologies, which, in many cases, don't work very well. I mean, you know, when they modernize ports, a lot of times, it doesn't work. There's nobody to talk to. It's very inaccurate. I've heard a lot of complaints about these modernized stations, a lot of very big complaints.

But those are really hard workers. I know some of them. And I know that's going to be a tremendous -- that's a tremendous hit. There's another one. Biden shouldn't have let that happen. Not that he should have ended it, he should have worked out a deal between them and the others. He could have worked out a deal.

That's an easy deal to work out in a sense because you have a certain power of being the -- the United States. A lot of these are foreign ship owners. And you have a lot of power being the US, and that should have been worked out. It's a devastating event for the economy. It's also devastating for inflation because everything's going to cost a lot more because of it.

I don't know how long it's going to go on, but I understand the workers' side. I mean, I see both sides of it. These workers have been devastated by inflation. And the inflation was caused by energy, stupid energy policies and equally as much by deadhead spending. And that's what they call it, they call it deadhead spending.

You know why? Because stupid people do what they did, and that caused inflation. So, they were badly hurt. Thank you.

Go ahead.

Well, right now, I went to -- they came to me and would like me to do an interview. But first, I want to get an apology because the last time I did an interview with them, if you remember, they challenged me on the computer. They said the laptop from hell was from Russia. And I said it wasn't from Russia, it was from Hunter.

And I never got an apology. So, I'm sort of waiting. I'd love to do 60 Minutes. I do everything. I mean, I do you right now, right? And you're tougher than 60 Minutes, frankly. The laptop from hell was from Hunter. It wasn't from -- so I haven't gotten -- if you remember, Lesley Stahl, we got into a little bit of an argument on the camera talking about that and other things.

And, you know, they really owed me an apology. I'll tell you, David Muir -- how about David Muir, when he said that crime went down. And then, the following day, they released the numbers from the Justice Department that crime went up 45 percent. Where's my apology? They should apologize. They were wrong on everything.

So, I like to get an apology. So, I've asked them for an apology. Let's see if they do it. I wouldn't mind doing 60 -- I've done 60 Minutes a lot. I did 60 Minutes twice with Mike Wallace, the great Mike Wallace. He was great. His son is from a different ballpark. His son doesn't have -- I said, "You want to be like your father?" Just don't have the talent. Who else, please?

Go ahead.

I think we're doing well. You know, we just went to Dane, and we had a great time. And the other day, we were -- I mean, we had 50,000 people. I think it was Saturday -- Friday or Saturday. We had 50,000 people. And we had a small venue because the United States government wouldn't allow us to have enough Secret Service people.

So, we were forced into having like 1,000 seat venue, and we have 50,000 people outside. We wanted to do a rally, an outside rally. And when we drove in, I said, "Boy, that's a big crowd." And I'm used to the biggest of crowds. And this was a big beautiful crowd. And Washington would not let us -- allow us to have the security that was necessary -- the Secret Service that was necessary.

And that happened a little bit with respect to today. Also, you saw all the people -- I don't know if anybody was up there, but you saw the people there, that crowd was massive. But last week, we had a crowd of 50,000 to 55,000, 60,000 people. And we had planned an outdoor rally, and it would have been amazing.

And Washington would not get us -- they said that we have to guard the United Nations, which meant the president of North Korea, who's basically trying to kill me. So, they want to guard him, but they don't want to guard me. So, we're going to start having it out with them because we've sort of have it.

They want to use it -- it's like a form of election interference. When they tell you can't have enough people to guard yourself, I mean, a lot of people show up for what I'm doing. And that's one of the reasons we're going to win. That's like a poll, and we've never had this excitement. Tommy Thompson said it before.

We never had the excitement that we have. Now, we've had great excitement. Look, I won it. And the second one, they say, lost by 20,000 votes. Oh, sure. But you know what? We did -- we did millions of more votes. Everybody knows. We did millions and millions more votes the second time, got the most votes in the history for a sitting president, sitting president.

Not even -- never even came close to that. And we're doing much better. You people report actually -- you people reported it that we're doing much better today than we did with Hillary or we did the second time. So, I think we're going to have some good results here.

Yes, I did.

I think they generally agreed with me. My vote is generally agreed with me, and I think we have a really good chance of winning it. You know, there are counties that normally are Republicans wouldn't win. But if you would see the crowds that we just left, if you'd see the crowds that we had on Saturday, I really think that we're going to win Wisconsin.

I think Wisconsin's great. And I'm doing a rally in the arena, and I'm doing a rally in Green Bay. And I think we're going to win Wisconsin. I think we might win Wisconsin big. We also -- you know, we also have something else that doesn't get reported much, but we have an enthusiasm level that's double or triple what theirs is, the Republicans have.

And usually it's the other way around, but we have an enthusiasm level that's substantially more than the Democrats' enthusiasm. That's a big thing. Yes, please.

Yeah.

Honesty, integrity. We want people that are honest. We want great integrity. And we want genius. You know, Supreme Court, you have to be very smart. And we don't want to have people that are not brilliant people. And I know many of the justices. And for the most part, I think they're very brilliant people.

You want brilliant people, but you want great integrity, honesty. And, you know, that's -- I don't think it should necessarily be along party lines. It usually tends to be that way. But I don't think it's necessary. I think the main thing is they have to be really respected people. They have to be respected.

You have to respect our Supreme Court. I think they get treated very unfairly. You know, you have people that go around trying to play the ref with them. And I know these people, and they're -- they're really -- they're scum. They're -- they're bad people. And they'll go after not only Supreme Court justices but regular judges.

And they'll hit them about, "Oh, they're not good, they're not smart." They're not -- and actually, they're very smart. They're a lot smarter than the people doing the calling out. But they're trying to be Bobby Knight, you know the great basketball coach who was constantly playing the ref, screaming, screaming, screaming.

And he said, "Maybe I won't win this goal, but I'll win the next one." And he was often right. He was a big supporter of mine from Indiana. He was a big supporter of mine. And he was a great, great coach. But he played the ref. They play the ref by insulting. I don't even know, is it legal to do what they do? I mean, they're so outrageous.

But a lot of the judges don't stand for it. And the ones that really are respected don't stand for it. They do what's right.

No. They have to take up whatever they want to take up. I have no -- no preference. There's certain -- there's certain issues I'd love to see taken up, but they have to do what they have to do. They have that, I'm sure, very well under control. I think the Supreme Court has really made some very brave decisions over the last year.

And I think the -- I mean, I'm looking at their approval numbers, and they have approval numbers for everything. But I'm looking at their approval numbers go up and up and up. Yeah, please go ahead, right there.

Have fun. I said, "JD, have fun." That's true. JD -- that's right. We have -- we have a big deal going on. And I said, "JD, have a lot of fun." He's a smart guy, he's a -- he's been amazing. He's been a real warrior, a top student at Yale. He was a very brilliant guy in so many different ways. And you know, he's a very hard worker.

He goes around, and he's not afraid of the media. He would stand here and he'd answer all of your questions. I have a lot of people that wouldn't do that. They don't like doing that. They get shouted at, and they don't like being shouted at. But JD is very much a warrior, very much a warrior. Thank you very much.

Well, you never know with President Xi. I had a great relationship, as you know, with President Xi. He is a very smart guy so I don't want to read his mind. But he's very smart, and he has a way of doing things. It's very good for China. And he's at the top of his game. Our people are not at the top of their game.

So, you never really know. I think that China is going to be a very interesting subject over the next couple of years. You know, China is having a lot of problems right now. You know, the economy is having some big problems. They just issued very big stimulus. But it's -- it's someplace. And he's -- he's a very -- I mean, people get upset when I say it, but he's a very fierce person.

He really is. He's a fierce warrior. He's a fierce challenger. But I had a very good relationship with him. OK, a couple of more. Go ahead, please. Go ahead, behind you.

Well, I think it's terrible what they've done. They've weaponized government to an extent that nobody's ever seen before. It's -- it's done in third-world countries, banana republics. But I mean, like as an example, they said, "Oh, the documents case, the documents case." Well, he was guilty. They basically said he's guilty, but he's incompetent.

He's allowed to be president, but he's not allowed to go to court. It was a strange ruling. But I was exonerated from my case. That was a big case, as you know, down in Florida. We had a -- I don't know the judge, but a brilliant judge, totally brilliant judge. And I was exonerated and fully exonerated.

And I can only say this that, you know, when I -- when I stand here and I watch the questions being asked by people that are somewhat hostile, many people that are fair -- I mean, you have a lot of different talent, a lot of different talents in this room. I was just thinking to myself, I really -- all I want to see is fairness.

Our country needs you so badly, the media. You're like the policemen and women of -- of the world. You're so important. You keep politicians honest. You keep politicians from doing really bad things. It's so important. And it's so important that the media be fair and -- and really improve because I watch how unfair it is and how one sided it is.

And you need the media to really buck up in this country because nobody's ever seen anything like it. And I can tell you, I don't want any favors. I just want fairness. I want like a level playing field. And if we can get the media back to a level playing field, that's going to do a lot for the good of our country because we have to make a comeback.

Our country is a failing nation. This is a failing nation. We're failing at the borders. We're failing at everything we're doing. You look at the numbers, we lost $2 trillion this year, 2 trillion. You know, people don't report that. Our country, we have a deficit of $2 trillion. It was never a deficit in the history of the world like that.

And one of the reasons I'm going to bring Elon Musk in to negotiate a lot of that. He's very good at it. And he's a great guy, and he loves the country. He really loves the country. It's not easy for him to do an endorsement. You know he does -- he endorsed me. But, Bryan, I would say it's not easy for him to do an endorsement, right? He's got a lot of different factions, a lot of different sides.

But he wants to save the country. And, you know, I tell you the airplane story. I could tell you 20 other stories just like it. We have to -- we have to be a lot different. We have to run a lot different. We are a failing nation, but we're not going to be a failing nation for long, I predict. We're going to have a -- I hope we're going to have a great victory, a big victory, and then we're going to straighten out our country.

We're going to seal up our borders, and we're going to let a lot of people into our country, but they're going to come in legally. We had to Remain in Mexico. And for some reason he voided that immediately. And she did. I guess she did because she was a judge of the border. And I hate to see that when somebody was so bad at the border and then tries to pretend like she wasn't even involved.

This was the worst border in the history of the world, not here, the history of the world. There's never been a border like that. I always say third-world countries would have used sticks and stones to keep people out if that happened to them. There's never been anything like it. And the press doesn't want to report about it, and they've got to report about it.

It's a big story. To me, it's the biggest story. When you allow 13,000 murderers into our country and they're free to kill -- they're free to kill. These are people that are rough, tough, horrible people. It's not going to be a positive thing when you allow thousands of terrorists from very tough countries into our country.

They're here. We don't even know who they are. We know they're terrorists, and we know something about some of them. But generally, we don't -- but we know there are thousands of terrorists led into our country. Drug dealers are in our country at levels we've never seen before. We're really -- you know, we're a very sick country, but we're going to figure it out, and we're going to get it fixed.

Yeah. No, go ahead.

Butler, that's right, it's going to be on Saturday. And it's going to be an amazing rally. You know, Butler has become quite a famous place. It's like a monument. Now, people ride through the streets of Butler, looking as though it were a monument. It was a very important -- we lost a great person, Corey, the fireman.

And two other people were supposedly going to die, and they ended up living because of great doctors up there. These doctors -- two separate doctors. One was just hit badly, and the other one was hit really badly. They were both -- when I said -- the first thing I said is, "How many people are dead?" Because you know, we had a massive crowd as far as the eye could see, and there was no empty areas.

So, when bullets are fired, they're going to hit people. And these are AR-15 bullets. They go -- they were going over my head. I heard them. I didn't know you could hear bullets, but they are -- they are 4,000 miles an hour or something, and they're going over my head. And I was amazed that they just said three.

They said probably three dead. That was my only -- and then two of the three -- and I'm very happy to report the -- a friend of mine -- some people have heard this, but he said, "I'd like to make a contribution." These people live good. There's no crime there. There's -- you know, it's beautiful in many ways, but not a lot of money.

And they had a great relationship. Corey and his wife was really nice and two daughters. He -- he was killed jumping on top of the daughter, so he didn't want the daughters to be hit. And when he jumped on top, he got hit. He got hit really badly. There was a National Guardsman that was seated nine seats away, and we're going to give him something for what he did.

Corey was hit in the head bleeding profusely. And this National Guardsman went over to Corey, saw that he was still living, and gave him mouth-to-mouth resuscitation. And nobody's ever seen anything like it. And it was tough. And then, Corey died. But for that man to do that was amazing actually. So, you know, I'm very pleased to report -- so a friend of mine, rich guy, a member of Mar-a-Lago said, "I'd like to make a contribution to the family of Corey, the firefighter."

And I said, "Well, that would be nice." And I said, "Where is it?" He gives me a check and it was for $1 million. I gave it to Corey's wife, $1 million. But bigger than that, we did a GoFundMe, and I think we picked up about $6 million. And we're giving her, I guess about four. She'll end up with about $5 million.

And she said to me, "I'd rather have my husband." I understood that. It was such a beautiful thing to say. But she said, "I'd rather have my husband." They never saw 1 million or 5 million. You know, this a tremendous amount of money for them. And the other gentlemen are getting more than $1 million a piece.

And we went out to -- we went out -- and that was the public. I mean, it's amazing. So, we're going to be there on Saturday. It's going to be a really big event. And it's going to be something -- we'll celebrate the life of Corey, I think. And I want to celebrate the -- the two gentlemen that got hit really bad.

I mean, you know it's -- but we should celebrate their doctors. Who would think you go up into sort of the country, right, the country. And you have two doctors that took two men that were so badly wounded, and they saved their lives, right? Just very talented people. There are a lot of talented people in our country.

So, that'll be exciting. And the question is how am I going to start the speech? And I think I was going to say "As I was saying," because that's about where I was. I was very early. And if I didn't have that chart, which I always bring up -- I rarely bring it up. But when I do, it's always at the end of the speech, and it's on my left.

And here, it was the first moment of the speech, and it was on my right. Had I not made that turn, I would not be speaking to you people today, and some of you would be extremely happy about that, I suspect. But I want to thank you all. And I'm now going to Texas, going to Houston, and we have some big things there.

And we're traveling. I think I'm booked every single day for 33 days. And as you probably have heard, I've worked for 17 or 18 days, wouldn't you say, in a row and I'm working. Even when I'm not working, but we're -- we're doing a lot of things. We made a lot of -- a lot of different speeches. We'll do -- we're starting up the rallies again, very big.

And we have more enthusiasm than we've ever had. And all we want to do is very simple. We want to make America great again. Thank you all very much. Thank you.

Thank you.

I want to take that. I want to take that.

I want to -- I'm not forgetting this shirt. Thank you. Thank you. OK, let me say goodbye. Fantastic job.

Selfie. You can have a selfie. She wants a selfie. You better believe it, right? Supposing I said no, that wouldn't be good, right? You cannot have -- OK, let's -- take an individual with your sister and I. Go ahead.

Go ahead.

We'll do this one.

Now you take one, OK?

She's done this before.

Good luck. Have a great life. OK?

Have a great life.

I will, yes.

Yeah. You have to be

Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you, everybody. Thank you.