Well, thank you very much, everybody. It's an honor. This is an honor. And I want to thank the people behind me because they have done an incredible job under very adverse conditions, I have to say. And they're very special, very special people, very special. And congratulations to Paul. He gave a speech last week which was incredible.

I mean, they endorsed me, so I have to think it was incredible. So, thank you all very much. Thank you. It's a great group of people they love our country. Before we begin, I want to address the unconstitutional decision issued today by a radical judge appointed by Biden. And it just came down in Virginia illegally allowing noncitizens to vote in our elections.

In fact, a poll came out, 87 percent of the people disagree. So, that's pretty, pretty good amount. Isn't it, Ted? The outrageous decision goes against the very bedrock of our democracy, and thankfully, Virginia Governor Glenn Youngkin, who's doing a terrific job, is working hard to fix this problem.

They found thousands of illegal votes. And the judge said you didn't do it in a timely fashion. They did it a long time ago. As legal scholar, Andy McCarthy, just said and very correctly, "How can noncitizens be allowed on the voter rolls if they're voting? It's a federal crime." Constitutional law professor, Jonathan Turley -- two great guys, by the way, also notes that it is a crime to be a noncitizen voter.

Removing illegal voters off the voting rolls should be a big priority for this country. And yet, instead we're -- we're scorned by a judge. This is blatantly un-American, and it's election interference, and Kamala Harris is behind it very much. And so, I just wanted to bring that to your attention. And obviously, I mean, it's up to the governor of Virginia, Glenn Youngkin, but I assume they're going to be appealing it.

I think he's going to. And they feel very strongly about it. So, we'll see how it goes. But you have to get the confidence going for elections when you have decisions coming down like that where they -- where they allow people to vote that blatantly aren't qualified to vote. It's pretty, pretty sad for our country.

We have enough problems with the elections. It's about confidence. We're here today in the great state of Texas, which is -- I like it, I like it, which, under Kamala Harris, has been turned into ground zero for the largest border invasion in the history of the world. You're lucky you have your governor and people like Ted and Dan and all of the people, Sid.

Even John, who's from a different state, but he feels the same way or you would really have problems. But you've done an amazing job under the circumstances, but the federal government is supposed to be doing that job. And it should be easy. And it's -- it's not because of the people. But over the past four years, this state has become Kamala's staging ground to import her army of migrant gangs and illegal alien criminals into every state in America.

And every state is a border state, you've heard that, it's true, paving a trail of bloodshed suffering and death all across our land. And it's only getting worse. It's just incredible. When you look at the numbers, 21 million people at least during this three and a half year period. And many of them, as you know, are murderers drug dealers, people from jails.

They're -- they're letting their people out of jails and bringing them right into our -- we're like a dumping ground. What Kamala Harris has done on our border is cruel, it's vile, and it's absolutely heartless. Her policy of importing migrant gangs is a crime against our country. It's actually a crime against humanity.

And her abolition of our border should disqualify her for even running. I mean, I don't know how you can run for the president of the United States and allow people to pour into our country. And we're talking about seriously criminal people, many of these people. And they come from all over the world.

It's not just South America. They're coming in from Africa, they're coming in from the Middle East. The Congo, that's a hot place right now. A lot of lot of people coming in from prisons in the Congo, they're coming into our country. It's -- it's not even believable actually when you think -- you know, you're standing up here and you're saying this stuff, John, John Barrasso, but you're -- you're saying this and you say to yourself, you know, "Is it even believable?" It's sort of like actually in a smaller way, but still very important.

Men playing in women's sports, who would want that?  But, you know, 10 years ago -- 10 years ago, you would never say that. And then, you have the transgender operations all over the place. And you're saying this, and you have parental guidance. And we want our child to be parentally guided, and you have to make apologies for the fact that they're not, but they're going to be.

And we're going to bring that back.  We want our parents -- we want our parents. But, you know, if you go back 10 years or 15 years ago, if you ever made a speech like that, they'd say, "This guy's crazy. What is he talking about? Those things would never happen." And they didn't happen until a certain time ago with the radical left.

No person who is responsible for so much bloodshed on our own soil can ever be allowed to become president of the United States. And I think she's coming here today. She doesn't want to go to a swing state because she's losing so badly in those states. So, she decided to come to Texas. And I'm sure she'll be treated very nicely.

Today, she picked the wrong place. I think she picked the wrong place. What do I know about politics? I haven't done it that long actually. But today, Kamala is here in Texas to rub shoulders with woke celebrities. Isn't that exciting?  But she's not going to meet with any of the victims of migrant crime while she's here.

We have many of them right here, the families, we have many of them. And they're incredible people, what they've gone through the hell that they've gone through and will continue to go through, unfortunately. She will not speak to the grieving mothers from whom she has stolen the brightest light in their lives.

She was in charge of this border, and she doesn't like being called border czar anymore. She didn't mind it almost four years ago. But now, she doesn't like it. But you don't need that term. She was in charge of the border. She never came here. And she never made one call to these people behind me or anybody in the group.

Not one call. She's in charge. She deals with border patrol. She hasn't made, Paul, not even -- not one call in four years. So, we're joined today by a Texas mom, Alexis Nungaray, from Houston, a great woman. This past June -- thank you. Great. Where is Alexis? Where is she? Come up here, Alexis. Come up here.

So, this past -- this past June, Alexis' 12-year-old daughter, her precious angel, as you say, Jocelyn. We all called her that. We feel we know Jocelyn. And she's had a big impact, Alexis, you know that, right? She's had a big impact. Walked to a nearby convenience store, Jocelyn was kidnaped, tied up, assaulted, and I'm not going any further than that.

I'm standing with the mother, and horrible things happened to her, to that young beautiful -- that young, beautiful girl. And the animals arrested for Jocelyn's barbaric murder are two illegal aliens believed to be members of the savage Venezuelan prison gang known as Tren de Aragua. And they're all over the place now.

They're all over our country. They were in Aurora, but Aurora is now the least of it. They've taken over buildings in Aurora. The government, a radical left Democrat weak person, doesn't know quite what to do. He's always got a big mouth when he talks about other things, but he has no idea what to do.

And they have weapons of military grade. You say, "How did they get those weapons?" These monsters were in Border Patrol custody. But under a program Kamala Harris created to abolish detention for fighting aged men, whatever that means, and give them free and automatic entry into the United States, the killers were released into our country.

And, Alexis, we cannot begin to imagine your pain. And if you'd like to say a few words, would you like to -- would you -- Thank you. Thank you.

So, I want to thank you, Alexis. And we will never forget Jocelyn, we're not going to -- we've all seen her pictures. It's blazed into our minds and the violence and viciousness and nobody calls, nobody talks. And we have many others like that. The 13 soldiers that were killed so horribly in Afghanistan, nobody called them, nobody calls them.

But certain people they call, but they don't call them. They weren't called. They weren't treated properly. They were treated very badly, actually. And many others, including some of the people in this room, nobody calls. I don't know, just from a human standpoint, I call. It's like -- you can't do much because it's done.

We could have done much if we were running things, Ted. We would have had strong borders. We would have had all the things. At least, they would have had a real good chance of not having been caught up in this crime wave that's happening. It's a crime wave. The number of people coming in, we have no idea what the number is.

I say 21 million. A lot of people think it's more than that. And then, you start talking about the gotaways. I think the gotaways could be then double that. Who knows what it is? Running into the country, we have no idea that we come from parts -- I call them from parts unknown. As of two weeks ago, Tom Homan told me it was 181 countries were represented in people pouring in.

So, it's no longer just a small group of people from the three or four countries that we're accustomed to talking about. In an interview last week, Kamala Harris was asked directly if she would apologize to Alexis for letting in the savage killer that took Jocelyn's life, and Kamala Harris refused to take any responsibility whatsoever.

She refused to own up to the fact that open borders -- open borders -- and totally unchecked. It's not even open borders. Open borders are horrible. And how stupid are they? How stupid? We're the only country in the world that has this. But they don't even check them. They don't vet them. They don't know who they are.

They don't know where they're going. They just come in. And then, they fly them over. You know, when the border got a little bit tougher because people were getting angry and just -- we had citizens standing at the border wanting to do -- and then, they get in trouble because they want to do the job the federal government is supposed to be doing.

But she refused to own up to it. And last night, she said she wants to make strong borders. I mean, what she did last night and the night before the town hall with Cooper was just unbelievable. Allison Cooper got so angry. But think of it, think of it. Never an apology, never a phone call to anybody, to anybody.

So, thank you very much, Alexis. We're going to get this thing straightened out. We're going to get it straightened out. We got to get it straightened out. Just from the standpoint of a heart, no calls, no nothing. Worst of all, Kamala refuses to stop importing these killers into our country. Every day, she brings in more.

She's got no remorse at all for the innocent blood that's on her hands, and the blood is on her hands. And Biden, too. But Biden doesn't know where the hell he is, so what's the difference? I just saw him. He's making a speech somewhere, and he -- he screwed it up pretty badly. But he's got his glasses, the whole deal, you know, standing outside, wind blowing.

He doesn't look great for us. He doesn't look -- that's not what we want. That's not what we want. President Xi used to look at him and still does, I guess, right? But he used to just -- oh, he just said, "Oh, this is so -- this makes me so happy," he says. And Putin and the whole group, Kim Jong Un, they're tough guys out there.

They're tough, and they're smart, and they're streetwise, and they're -- they're at the top of their game. And we don't have that. That's very nice. Thank you. What a good line. That -- she said, "That's why we have you." Thank you very much. Wow. Do you know that woman? You know that woman? That's very good.

Thank you. That's very nice. Thank you very much. Two days ago, she said she could not think of any mistakes that she's made. She was asked a question. "Can you think of anything that you would do different? Can you think of any mistakes that you've made?" Now, actually, she couldn't think of it. Not -- it's about as good.

She could say, "I would have strengthened the border. I would have lowered taxes. I would have --" there are about 500 answers she could give, and you're out of that question, right? She couldn't think of a thing. You know the worst of all really is 325,000 young children are possibly dead, but many of them are dead.

But they're sex slaves, slaves, or, at a minimum, they're missing. They'll never see their parents again, most likely. We'll do everything we can when we come back. I don't know. It's very far down the line. We're going to do everything we can to get them. But -- but think of what that number represents, Dan, 325,000.

And the fake news media doesn't even talk about it? If that were a Republican on stead, it would be the biggest scandal in history. It would be the equivalent of nothing else, and they don't even talk about it. They cannot talk -- 325,000 for you, people, are missing. Think of that, are missing. And probably will never be seen again, most of them.

But we're going to do the best we can. It's a tough assignment. But most of them, they're probably dead. Under border czar Harris, there are 13,099 illegal aliens convicted of murder that were released from jails and prisons and penitentiaries -- penitentiaries. And they were set loose into the United States of America.

We're like a garbage can. We're like a garbage can. First time I said it was last night, gave a speech in Las Vegas, 29,000 people. It was an arena. We set the arena record. That was a big deal arena to -- we set the record, but it was an amazing crowd. The first time I ever said it, I said it, I don't know, it just came out, garbage can.

We're like a garbage can for the rest of the world to dump the people that they don't want. Do you know what they save on that? Their mental institutions are being emptied out, their jails and prisons are being emptied out. And their gangs and their drug dealers and everybody's being taken off the streets.

And Venezuelan crime is down 72 percent. Can you believe it? Well, that's because they don't -- you know, the criminals are being put here. If we don't win this election, we're going to go to Venezuela next year, Ted, and we're going to celebrate there because it's going to be much safer than our country, OK? Is that a deal? We'll all go together.

No, it's just so bad. Well, I have to tell you. I'm not supposed to say it, but we are winning by a lot, actually.  And the reason is we want them to keep voting because we have to go -- you know, these used to take one day. Now, they go on forever. And bad things happen, lots of bad things happen.

Where are those votes that I saw two days ago? "Oh, well, we're painting that section, and we decided to move them, sir." Oh, you can't believe it. So, they said don't say it. So, I didn't say it. Don't tell anyone I said that, but we're doing well. We're doing well in all seven states. Every one of those swing states, we're doing well.

And we're doing really well here. But we expect that. We expect that. But in another atrocity, Kamala released an unvetted MS-13 gang members from El Salvador into the United States. She's a real beauty. MS-13, that's another gang. They use knives. They like knives because it's more painful. They cut people up.

They killed two young students walking to school, two beautiful young women, young girls, and they were walking to school. And they got them walking to school, and they knifed them up and cut them up, didn't want to use guns because that's not painful. And, you know, who got rid of them? ICE, their friends from ICE.

They work so well together. And Kamala wants ICE's -- you know what, ICE is tough people that love our country. They have to be tough because they know a lot of tough people right up here. You don't want to do what they do. They got to be tough. And they've done a great job. But they got -- they did a very good job here.

But the animal that went on to attack and tie up a 20-year-old autistic woman in Maryland before, raping her and strangling -- then strangled her to death very violently in front of numerous people. And actually, put it on tape, put it on tape, these are the people we're bringing into our country. In New York, this past summer, an illegal alien released into our custody and came into our country by Kamala.

You know, I never used the word Harris, because nobody knows who I'm talking about. When I say Harris, they say, "Who the hell is Harris?" It's true. If I said VP Harris, nobody knows who it is. Can you believe she's a VP? VP -- a VP -- how about the guy she's got? That's what -- I'm not sure, he might be worse than her.

Well, she lived by the old adage, always get yourself a bad VP, and she's got one. We were -- we were very happy when we heard that choice. But we didn't know he was as bad as he -- he's -- he's a disaster. But Kamala approached two 13-year-old children with -- think of this. These people that she let in with machetes knives, guns in broad daylight, forced them into the woods, tied them up together, their wrists, everything, raped the young girl, park, filmed the entire thing, put it on camera, put it out for everybody to see.

Badly injured, this person and somebody with her, too, really badly. In Georgia this year, and you know this, everybody knows this except Biden, he didn't know how to pronounce her name after pressure because he didn't talk about it either, Alexis. He refused to talk about it. Then, he was actually forced to because it got so crazy.

But in Georgia this year, an illegal alien criminal with ties to Tren de Aragua kidnaped, assaulted, and murdered a brilliant young nursing student, Laken Riley. You remember? Laken Riley, who was a beautiful -- I got to meet the parents a couple of times. They're incredible, but they're like devastated.

You know, you can't really -- you can't really say, "Oh, well, everything will be --" it's not going to be OK, it's not good. It's just -- you can't really -- there's nothing you can say really. A lot of times they say -- like to Alexis, what can I say? The only thing we can do is do something about it so it doesn't happen again, you know.

But she murdered her while she was out on a run. She wanted to keep herself in good shape, and they got her. Her killer was yet another monster released into America through this open border policy of Kamala and her group of radical left idiots. Under the Trump administration, we will end this migrant invasion and we will deport every last criminal alien targeting our daughters and our children and our families, other people's families.

They're going to be gone. They're going to be gone fast. Some -- some are so violent. You know, we can't let them go. We can't -- we can't send them in because they'll come back. But we have some pretty strong policies that we're putting into place immediately on January 20th. We're honored to be joined by many of the incredible Border Patrol agents and law enforcement heroes who will help us restore safety to America.

And I'd like to invite a very special person. He made such a good speech last night. They endorsed me. And this gentleman made a very good speech. I said, you know, I'm going to have to go back and start practicing. Ted, you and I are going to have to practice a little bit. But Paul Perez just assumed the big power position from -- from Brandon who was a fantastic guy.

He's still involved in so many ways, but they endorsed me. Something they're not really even supposed to do. I won't get into that. But they love the country. And in endorsing, they said very bad things about her. They don't want to say bad things either, they want to say great things, even me. I didn't know I was going to do this.

We had a very good first election. We had a much better second election. We got close to 12 million votes more than we did the first time, the highest number in history. And, OK. And then, I saw what was happening with the country. It was so bad and so incompetent. It didn't take long. I would have preferred that the country was really well run, John.

I would have preferred it if the country was really -- if Biden got in there and he was a great president, I would have actually preferred it. And right now, I'd be on a beach or a golf course or something. I'd be doing something else. But I'd rather be in Texas with you, I can tell you that. I'd rather be in Texas with you because we're going to make our country great again, and we're going to do it.

And if I could ask Paul just to come up and say a few words. And I appreciate very much the endorsement, Paul. Thank you very much. Please.

Thank you very much. Paul, thank you very much. Boy, that's -- you can't say it better, you can't say it better. And they really know the subject. If they thought somebody was slightly better, that's what they want. They just want it fixed. And their job is a lot easier just to let everybody pour through.

It's a tough job when you do it right, but that's what they want. They love the country. This is just a great group. I've gotten to know them so well over the years. I did call them a lot and we had the safest border. We put down my all-time favorite chart. Without that chart, I wouldn't be standing here, Dan.

But that chart basically showed we had the lowest -- and it was done by Border Patrol. We had the lowest number of illegal migrants. We had the lowest number of drugs in many years. And all of the different categories, we're No. 1 the day I left. And I said we're going to have to come back. We're going to have to do it.

And we'll do it even better because we really have experience now that we didn't have then. I want to thank the Guillen family. The Guillen family is here. They are incredible, incredible, brave, and beautiful family. They lost -- they lost their daughter and sister, and she's up in heaven looking down, very proud of you, and very proud of the stance that you took a very vicious group of people -- just liars, you know, and a magazine, that's a failing magazine, run by a guy named Goldberg came out with a story, bad story about me that I had told them I was going to do something and all this.

And they were so incensed that they said we can't let them say that about what took place with the daughter. I -- I was going to help them. If they didn't get the military funding, I was going to fund it myself. I told them that. But they were able to get the funding. And I guess they came out with a story that, what's it called, The Atlantic magazine, The Atlantic.

This is a really bad -- they were the ones that made up the story about me saying bad things about this, about the soldiers. The beautiful thing is that these people were willing to come out and say it didn't happen that way. This man was -- I had them into the White House, and they were all -- they didn't have to do this.

They could have sat back. And your daughter is so proud of you. I'm telling you. They didn't have to do that. I didn't -- you know, I have these people saying all this bad stuff. Then, all of a sudden the family that they're talking about comes out of nowhere and says, "President Trump was perfect. What he did was so great. He got us the money."

And I did say, "If we couldn't get you the money for the funeral, I was going to pay it." "But he got us the money, and it happened so quickly and nice." And they came out, and they said that. Who would do that? A lot of people wouldn't do that. They'd sit back, and they'd say, "Well, he was a nice guy, but we don't want to get involved or something."

We love you. Thank you very much. We love you. And it was phony stories by a general that got fired, and he's a whack job, total whack job, a general. It's funny when you fire people -- see, Biden has never fired anybody. But when you fire people for doing a bad job, they get a little bit angry. Somehow, it just seems to work.

But he was a nut job to start off with. So, it's just -- it's such a beautiful story. I don't know where we get a call saying that problem's solved. Why? Because the family came through. and they said that the magazine totally lied and misrepresented -- this was the same magazine that said that I said about dead soldiers, that there was something -- what was it, suckers and losers.

Think of it. I'm supposed to be standing there over the graves of soldiers with people around me, military people or whatever, making a statement like that. Can -- no, I mean, can you imagine? Can you imagine anybody doing it? I think I'd end up -- I may be the president, but I think somebody would start a fistfight.

And probably, I would say, "You were right. Who would do this?" You'd -- they make up stories. It's not even -- it's not even like they have sources. They don't have sources. They're storytellers. They say what would be bad. I have a bad one. And you know when it's always released? Same time with the last one.

It's released just before the election that suckers and losers story, which was totally fabricated. There's nobody that loves the military -- and these were World War I heroes. They died in World War I. And I'm saying, "They were suckers." I mean, you'd know me. "They were suckers and losers." Can you imagine it? And the problem I have, Ted, is that five, 10, 20 percent of people, when they read that, they're going to believe it.

So, I talk about it because it was a terrible thing. You know, I walked past -- I remember we were doing a big event, and I was going back to Air Force One. And they were under the wing, these -- these fake news people, they're so bad. There's a lot of them back there, by the way. We got a lot of them honoring that special person, right? We got a lot of fake news.

But I remember, I'm walking past, and I hear the people shouting and everything. And I heard this one voice, loud, boisterous, horrible voice say, "Did you call the dead soldiers from World War I suckers and losers?" I said, "I didn't --" you know, to myself, I said, "Man, that's a bad one." Because it's what this sleazebag reporter, Goldberg, against women.

And a percentage of people have to believe it, so all I can do is talk about it. But as soon as I heard that statement, I said, "Man, that's bad." Because to me that's so bad. And that's what they do. These are evil people. They're a threat to democracy. And you know, we are not a threat. The threat to democracy is the other side.

They've weaponized the courts. They've weaponized the FBI to go after people. They go after parents, they're going after Catholics. I don't know what's with Catholics lately. But if you're Catholic, you're being persecuted. Anybody that votes as a Catholic for this -- this horrible candidate that can't put two sentences together -- she can't speak.

She can't put two sentences together. She's -- can you imagine her standing with President Xi of China? I don't think so, Ken. I don't think -- he would be a very happy man. But hopefully, that won't happen. And based on the first four days, it's not going to happen. I want to thank some of the special guests we have, Senator Ted Cruz for being here, Senator Ted.

It's hard to believe he's in a race because, honestly, I don't know who would want to run against him because he's really a great senator. He's a great senator. He loves the country. He's tough as hell. He fights -- he's always fighting. And, you know, and he's fighting for the state, but he's fighting more for the country than just about anybody.

And John Barrasso would acknowledge that. John is one of our leaders in the Senate, and he's a fantastic man. So -- so, Ted, I know your -- I know your thing is going good. I heard you were helped very greatly. You got a big pop, right? And I know you're doing great. But I just want to say he's got my complete and total endorsement.

He has always, he always will have. And you're going to have a great day. And hopefully, I'm going to have a great day, and we're going to be celebrating together. And we're going to make our country, as we say, we'll make America great again. We're going to make it great. And it's going to go faster than you think, but it can't sustain this for another four years.

That, I do believe. A very good friend, the head of my campaign, from the day I ran, he called, he said, "I want to run your campaign." I said, "Well, I'm not very experienced. I'd never done this before." But he liked me, and he saw something, I guess. Dan Patrick, he's a fantastic man. And, Dan, we're doing OK, I hear? Good.

OK, good. When Dan says that, that's good. And by the way, if I had any problems, he would tell me that very quickly, right? But when Dan says it, it means a lot. Thank you, Dan, very much. Appreciate it. Attorney General Ken Paxton,  a really great attorney general, a great attorney general.

Thank you. That's pretty good. That's pretty good. That's pretty good. You see, when they go after people with bullshit, they become -- they become very popular. And that's what happened to Ken. Ken -- Now, Ken was made to suffer for a long period of time, but it worked out very well. And I stuck by him and other people stuck by him, some of the people right there stuck by him, including that one right there.

So, I just -- I think Ken, I said, you know, he's a great attorney general. You got to stick by your attorney generals, and I'm very happy with the way that all worked out. But you went through a lot, right? And that's why they love you because they understand that. Agriculture commissioner, another friend of mine, Sid Miller.

Our first time I saw, Sid was on television. Alexis, he was on television. And I didn't know him at all. He was on Deface the Nation. Ladies and gentlemen, Sid Millar on Deface the Nation. That's the -- that's the name I call it. They don't like it. They spend millions on PR, and then I get on and say Deface the Nation.

But -- but they do deface the nation and the others are just as bad. But he was on there, and they said, "Well, Trump is going to be in a tight race." This is when I first ran in Texas. And we had an event, and he was there. And we had a line that went 10 miles long to get into a stadium, and they couldn't even get in.

And he looks at the anchor. He said, "Listen, I'm from Texas." He's had that beautiful hat on. I love that hat. I'd love to wear it, but it wouldn't work for me, I don't think. Ken would -- Ken -- Ken would say, "It's no good for you. Take it off, please." But -- but no, he said, "I don't know where you come from, but you don't come from Texas because this guy is going to win in a landslide."

And we won in a landslide, right? So, thank you. Thank you. Sid's a great guy. Thank you, Sid. Appreciate it. Land commissioner Dawn -- oh, I like that. I'd love to be land commissioner. I love real estate. Land commissioner Dawn Buckingham. Thank you, Dawn. Great. Doing a good job, I hear that from everybody.

And chairman of the Texas Republican Party, Abraham George, thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you. Good job. So, just in closing -- thank you, Abraham. Great job. Immediately upon taking the oath of office, I will launch the largest deportation program in American history.  We will put -- and I don't like saying that.

You know, the largest -- the record is Dwight Eisenhower, who was essentially a moderate. Good President, General Eisenhower, good president, good general, very -- probably a very good general, right?Better than he gets credit -- he never got credit for a lot of things. He built the interstate system, actually.

He should get a lot of credit, but he was a very good president. But he was a moderate guy, but he has the record for deportation because he could not stand people pouring into the country. And I think we'll break that record. Not that I want to break it, but we have no choice. We have to get all of these criminals, these murderers, and drug dealers, and everything, we're getting them out.

And we'll put these vicious and blood-thirsty criminals in jail or kicked them the hell out of our country, and we'll get them out. Ideally, we want to get them out because we don't want to have to pay for their room and board for the next 50 years, right? To expedite removals of the Tren de Aragua group and the MS-13 and other savage gangs, I'll invoke the Alien Enemies Act of 1798.

Did you know that? I had to go back that far. We couldn't find anything because modern-day politicians, even sort of old, nobody had the courage of these original people. So, we had to go back to 1798, and it gives you the power to target and dismantle every migrant criminal network operating on American soil.

And you can get them out, and there's no Problem. And at least you can't say that it hasn't been around for a while. That's something, right? And if they come back into our country, it's an automatic 10 years in jail with no possibility for parole. So, you know, because a lot of people, what happened and it happened with Eisenhower, you'd take them out, they'd come back in, they kept coming in.

So, he kept bringing them further away. At some point, they didn't come back. But I'm going to do it differently. It's a 10-year system of -- you're in prison for 10 years with no parole. And I'm hereby calling for the death penalty for any migrant that kills an American citizen or a law enforcement officer.

And you'll be amazed how it worked. You know when I was in the White House, we had a lot of people that wanted to pull down statues and things. I didn't like it too much, and we didn't have time to pass a law because they were really getting pretty violent around in Washington, DC. And they were wanted to pull -- you know, actually, when they started roping up, Abraham Lincoln -- it's trouble I said this.

I'm not even sure they knew what they were doing. But we found a law that was in the early 1900s, very tough law that if you so much as touch against in violation of anybody's word if you so much as touch a monument or a statue, you get 10 years in jail. And I had a news conference -- and the town was flooded.

We had a news conference. They had actually a rope around Andrew Jackson's head, the beautiful statue. And I said we're going to go fast, and I went out, and I did it. And within -- it was a beautiful sight. The second I announced 10 years in jail, no probation, nothing. And as soon as I said it, everybody just sort of walked -- I could see them walking.

I don't want to use the term I used last night, a certain part of their body, I watched the back, I saw thousands of them. And I said what a beautiful sight. They just left. And that was the end. We had no more problem until about a month ago, two months ago in DC where they became very violent. They were fighting with police, they were putting spray paint on our beautiful -- on the lions, the beautiful lions.

And, you know, their -- their sandstone, and that's a very porous stone, you'll see that spray paint for many years to come like hundreds of years. You can't really get it out. It goes deep into the stone. And to the best of my knowledge, nothing happened to them, did they -- they were beating up cops or the cops were beating them up, but they were fighting.

They were fighting our police, our great police. We're going to take care of our police too, by the way. They're going to stop the lawlessness. And I'm going to end all migrant flights immediately. You know, they're still flying flights coming in with 450,000 people over a fairly short, 450,000. That's a lot of flights.

And I'm going to outlaw immediately, and we're going to ask you guys to help on that. But we're going to outlaw immediately sanctuary cities. They're sanctuaries for criminals, and we're going to end catch and release once and for all. And Kamala Harris, she started this nightmare open border, no common sense.

We're a party of common sense. There's no common sense to an open border, and I will stop this nightmare immediately. November 5th, 2024 will be liberation day in America. So, I want to thank everybody for being here. And, Alexis, I want to thank you, darling, and your daughter. Very proud of you right now, I can tell you.

Very proud. This unbelievable family back there, thank you very much. We won't forget it. We're going to meet in the White House. We get there -- I told them we're going to have lunch in the White House, all right? And that goes for you. Are we allowed to bring Alexis? Can we do that?

They said yes, OK? So, we're going to do that in honor of your beautiful Jocelyn, OK? Thank you. Thank you very much, everybody. We greatly appreciate it. Thank you, guys. Thank you, Ted. Thank you, everybody. Thank you very much.