Thank you. Thank you very much, everybody, and thank you, Angela, for that introduction. I am truly honored to be invited here tonight as the first president in American history to address the Libertarian National Convention, a great honor. A lot of people ask why I came to speak at this libertarian convention.

You know, it's an interesting question, isn't it? But we're going to have a lot of fun. In the last year, I've been indicted by the government on 91 different things. If I wasn't a libertarian before, I sure as hell am a libertarian now. Unlike Joe Biden, I don't throw people in jail for disagreeing with me. I don't do that.

I want to thank some people that have been really outstanding, and they are great libertarians and great people. Ambassador Ric Grenell, Senator Mike Lee, Kash Patel, and Senate candidate who's going to win from Virginia, Hung Cao. I also want to pay our deepest respects to the two young missionaries from Missouri, Davy and Natalie Lloyd, that were viciously killed yesterday in Haiti.

It was a horrible thing, and I just want to pay our respects to their families, their great families, incredible people. It's a very, very sad moment. What happened was so horrible. To Davy and Natalie, please, thank you very much. I'd also like to express my gratitude to all the fierce champions of freedom in this room.

You are champions of freedom. You are indeed. I'm here to talk to you about the rise of left wing fascism in the country and to need to defeat the corrupt and incompetent tyrant in the White House, crooked Joe Biden, the worst president in the history of the United States. He is the worst president by far in the history of the United States.

In fact, I would say that Jimmy Carter is very happy tonight because he goes down as being a brilliant president by comparison. Everyone here tonight believes that we must fight for the same fundamental freedoms, freedom of expression, freedom of religion, the right to own a firearm, and freedom over taxation.

Oh, that was interesting. Then you're going to like me. Firearm, you're going to like me. Nobody better than me, and we just got the full NRA, the strongest endorsement they've ever given the NRA. That's good. Freedom from overregulation. Freedom from government discrimination. We believe that we do not have a free country if we do not have free speech, and very strongly believe that.

We stand opposed to government tyranny in all of its many forms. We are opposed to a government that spies on political campaigns. I wonder who that might be. Like they did on me, spies on the American people, censors us, and crushes the rights of its own citizens, which the Biden administration does. We want government out of our business, out of our wallets, and out of our lives.

That's what we want. We believe that Marxism is an evil doctrine straight from the ashes of hell. Having Marxism in our government is intolerable, and teaching it to our children is considered to us child abuse. We believe that the job of the United States military is not to wage endless regime change, wars around the globe, senseless wars.

The job of the United States military is to defend America from attack and invasion here at home. We believe that property rights are fundamental to a free society, and that Joe Biden's rampant inflation is a monstrous theft from the American people. It's a theft. We believe that the greatest threat to our country is not from enemies abroad.

It's the tyrants, communists, fascists, and thugs attacking our rights and liberties from within. Above all else, we live by the words of the great American patriot, Patrick Henry, give me liberty or give me death. Our rights and freedoms have never been more in danger than they are right now. That is why I have come to extend a hand of friendship to ask for your partnership to defeat communism, defeat Marxism, and defeat crooked Joe Biden, who is destroying our country.

He's destroying our country. We can be libertarian or anything else. This man is destroying our country. Thank you. By the way, why isn't Joe Biden here speaking to you tonight? You know why? Why isn't he? Because he can't put two sentences together. That's why he's not here. The fact is we should not be fighting each other.

If Joe Biden gets back in, there will be no more liberty for anyone in our country. Combined with us in a partnership, we're asking that of the libertarians, we must work together. Combine with us. You have to combine with us. We cannot give crooked Joe Biden four more years. We cannot give crooked Joe Biden four more years.

Today's radical left Democrat Party is not a Democrat Party of years ago which still wanted big government, but at least believed in tolerance and free speech. Joe Biden's radical left Democrat Party is a fascist movement that wants to throw you in jail. If you post a meme they don't like, they want to throw you in jail, if you do something that isn't quite to their liking.

What you're witnessing under Biden is a toxic fusion of the Marxist left, the deep state, the military industrial complex, the government security and surveillance services, and their partners all merging together into a hideous perversion of the American system. That's exactly what it is. The fact is that Joe Biden is a threat to democracy.

My mission is to liberate our nation from these fascist frauds and to rescue our democracy, to restore our republic, and to evict crooked Joe Biden from the White House so that America can be a free nation once again. He's the worst in history. The Biden regime censors its critics, spies on its opposition, takes away the bank accounts of US citizens as an extra form of punishment, persecutes Christians and patriotic parents, and is currently trying to put the leading candidate for president in jail, that happens to be me, while imposing a strict gag order in order to keep me from talking about their crimes and their unconstitutional acts.

They want to get rid of the First Amendment, the Second Amendment, due process, the right to a fair trial, and the right to counsel, all the while pushing wealth confiscation and waging endless and unnecessary wars all over the globe. Anyone can talk about defending freedom, but I have actually put everything on the line to resist these despots and these thugs.

I stand before you tonight as your best hope of defeating the weaponized Biden and the very evil regime that his people, because it's probably not him, because he doesn't know where the hell he is, but that his people are pursuing. You can make the difference. The Libertarian Party can make a big difference.

The Libertarian Party can make a big difference. Together, we can make America freer than ever before for citizens of all backgrounds and all walks of life. We can unleash new hope, optimism, and energy. We can release limited government so that the people can have an unlimited future. United, we will be unstoppable.

If we unite, we are unstoppable. I will be a true friend to libertarians in the White House, and I am proud to be the only president in 70 years who started no new wars. I took on the military industrial complex. I broke the stranglehold on neocons and warmongers on the Republican Party. Instead of war, I made peace in the Middle East, something nobody thought was possible, and dealt with Kim Jong Un of North Korea, where a nuclear war was guaranteed to start in a very short period of time if Hillary Clinton became president.

That would have been a nuclear war 100%, and you would have never had the October 7th attack in Israel, would have never happened. The attack in Ukraine by Russia would never, ever have happened, wouldn't have happened. Hundreds of thousands and even millions of people would be living today. I unbound the United States from globalist agreements that surrendered our sovereignty.

I withdrew from the Paris Accord. I withdrew from the anti-gun UN arms treaty, and I withdrew from the corrupt and very expensive World Health Organization, not a good thing. This is so important, but I passed the most significant criminal justice reform in history. Perhaps my proudest accomplishment is to have exposed the depth of corruption in the Washington swamp.

Thanks to me, the entire world knows that the deep state is real, and the lamestream media is fake. It's fake. A great libertarian who may very well be in the room right now, I believe, but he's a great libertarian, Deroy Murdock, who I become friends with through his writings in The American Spectator and numerous other places, wrote an article yesterday in which he mentions just some of the things that make me a libertarian without even trying to be one.

That's nice. Deroy wrote, Donald J. Trump will address the Libertarian Party and its national convention on Saturday. The Libertarian Party should nominate Trump for president of the United States. Whoa. That's nice. That's nice. Only if you want to win. Only if you want to win. Maybe you don't want to win.

Maybe you don't want to win. Thank you, Deroy. Thank you. Only do that if you want to win. If you want to lose, don't do that. Keep getting your 3% every four years. The reasons for doing so, policy and politics are as solid as the Hope Diamond. Deroy says this. This event is very unprecedented, he said.

As the Cato Institute president Peter Gertler observed in Thursday's Washington Post, think of this, first time in US history that a presidential candidate of a rival party will address the convention of a party that is presumably gathering to nominate its own candidate. Now, I think you should nominate me, or at least vote for me, and we should win together.

You heard those words. Nominate me or vote. Vote for me because the libertarians want to vote for me and most of them will, and it's very important, because we have to get rid of the worst president in history, and together we will. Without it, there's a risk that we could have four more years, we won't have a country left.

What is the purpose of the Libertarian Party getting 3%? What is the reason to take a chance of having this horrible president destroy our country, which he will do in far less than four years? It's not going to take four years. That is why I'm committing to you tonight that I will put a libertarian in my cabinet and also libertarians in senior posts.

Pretty good. That's pretty big. Or you can keep going the way you have for the last long decades and get your 3% and meet again and get another 3%. No, you want to make yourself winners. It's time to be winners. You have a lot of common sense. It's time to be a winner. Think of it. I'm asking for the Libertarian Party's endorsement or at least lots of your votes, lots and lots of libertarian votes.

Based on my four year, very outstanding presidential record, much of my record is libertarian. Where is Deroy? Is he here? Deroy, where are you? He's great. I like Deroy. I've liked him for a long time, and he is a libertarian. Thank you, Deroy. Thank you. Deroy wrote, the $1.5 trillion Tax Cuts and Jobs Act was America's largest infusion of tax reliefs.

That's the largest tax relief ever. It's sliced individual tax rates for all taxpayers and slash corporate tax rates from a punishing 35% to a globally competitive and much more than that, only 21% way down. It was the largest tax cut in the history of our country. Now you can like it or you don't have to like it. Immediate expensing of business equipment and other reductions fueled the best economy that our country has ever had.

For four years, we had the best economy our country has ever had. Black and Hispanic unemployment reached the best levels in history. Female joblessness slid to levels unseen before. Black poverty collapsed to record lows. All of the things, income inequality shrank and it shrank at levels we've never witnessed.

Between 2016 and 2019, real median household income grew. These were the Trump years, 16.4%, the highest ever to almost $10,000 per family. Think of that. Number two, Trump cut red tape as never before. He promised to kill two old regulations for every new one, and in fact, he ended up actually scrapping 8 for 1, and he was going to 12 to 1 and doing numbers that were unbelievable.

Thank you, Deroy. I'm actually just quoting from the article that came out today from Deroy Murdock. He said number three, Trump fully restrained inflation. We had practically none. Prices were rising just 1.4% as he left office. This was a fraction of the 9% inflation that lying Joe Biden repeatedly claims Trump handed him, we handed him, no. It went up to 9% after he took over the White House and created all the inflationary acts.

He did a horrible job. The 30-year mortgage rate as Trump departed was 2.77% versus the almost 9% today. By the way, even if you pay 9%, you can't get any money. There's no money available. Trump's drill baby drill approach fostered energy independence, which we've never had before. Low fuel and electricity prices helped moderate inflation and propel economic growth.

But all of these things have now skyrocketed. They have skyrocketed to levels never seen. Inflation has hit us harder than it's probably ever hit us before, and people are suffering because of it. Trump promoted parental rights in school choice. Trump's education department repealed the so-called guidance letter that turned on campus sexual harassment accusations into de facto criminal convictions.

You know all about that. Who else would do that for you? Trump restored due process to the he said, she said minefield for your children. I know many, many people, what they've gone through with that is they've gone through hell. In a powerful blow, Trump required universities to respect the First Amendment, lest they lose their federal funds.

I said, you don't respect the First Amendment, we're taking away all of your federal funding. Trump torpedoed Obamacare's individual mandate and got rid of many of its taxes. Medical price transparency empowered consumers to shop for health care services and compare costs, and this is one of the biggest things that's happened, and it's reducing the price of drugs and everything related to drugs and medical care at levels not seen before.

This will soon be happening. The competition is now slowing. We're ballooning health care expenses. Trump signed right to try. Terminally ill patients now can receive experimental and possibly life-saving treatments. When at death's door, what do these suffering Americans have to lose? What do they have to lose, you ask?

Thousands and thousands of people are now living because of right to try. Trump nominated some 300 constitutionalist federal judges of record, including a seldom seen three Supreme Court justices in one presidential term, very rarely seen before. If ever, Trump canceled and defunded federal diversity, equity, and inclusion programs and other state-funded racism schemes.

The VA mission act, which Trump signed, lets military veterans receive federally funded medical care in the private sector if delays prevent their treatment in VA hospitals. In other words, if they're delayed, they can go out and get a private doctor. We pay the bill, they go out, they get a private doctor, they get better.

People were waiting on line for two months, three months, five months, six months, and not anymore. Trump signed a measure that streamlined dismissals of federal bureaucrats who abuse America's beloved veterans. He got NATO countries to pay hundreds of billions of dollars more for their protection, the only president who did so, and substantially reducing what we were forced to pay.

We got them to pay other nations to pay hundreds of billions of dollars that they weren't paying. No other president was able to do that, reducing very substantially what we paid. During the Trump administration, we had peace through strength. No wars other than the complete and total destruction of ISIS.

Deroy ended by saying that most libertarians would say this is a non-exhaustive roster of accomplishments like no other, that it truly shines. Again, Deroy, thank you very much. Deroy Murdock, I appreciate it. We could not have written that better. As you say, there are many other things we did that were quite libertarian also.

I want to thank you very much. I was a great article. Thank you, Deroy Murdock. Thank you. When I return to the White House., we will break the deep state grip on our democracy once and for all. I did far more than any other president in that regard. As an example, I inherited James Comey, a terrible, terrible person, from the Obama administration.

Very early on, I fired him and lots of others at the FBI, in addition to thousands and thousands of corrupt and unnecessary people throughout our government. Now we are going to finish the job. We will root out the sickness that has taken over our Justice Department, our FBI, and other agencies. Our goal will be nothing less than the rebirth of fair, equal, and impartial justice under the constitutional rule of law.

Since the day he took office, Joe Biden has worked to persecute political dissidents, including conservatives, Catholics, and other Christians and opponents of his weaponized state. Right now, the Biden DOJ is trying to put Christians in prison for 11 years for the crime of singing hymns. The moment I win the election, I will appoint a special task force to rapidly review the cases of every political prisoner who has been unjustly persecuted by the Biden administration so that I can sign their pardons or commutations on day one.

I will ensure that libertarians are helping to lead that task force. You'll be on that task force, many of you. As everyone knows, it will be my great honor to pardon the peaceful January 6th protesters or as I often call them, the hostages. They're hostages. There has never been a group of people treated so harshly or unfairly in our country's history.

This abuse will be rectified and it will be rectified very quickly. If you vote for me on day one, I will commute the sentence of Ross Ulbricht, who has sentence of time served. He's already served 11 years. We're going to get him home. We're going to get him home. I'm proud that I have put forward a detailed plan to smash the censorship and industrial complex and restore free speech.

On day one, I will sign an executive order banning federal agencies from colluding to censor the lawful speech of American citizens, and we will remove the rogue bureaucrats who conspire to take away your First Amendment freedoms. We will do that quickly. I will once again slash a record number of liberty-destroying regulations.

I will stop Joe Biden's plan for the largest tax. He is going to give you the largest tax increase in the history of our country. I will end that. I will make the Trump tax cuts, the biggest in the history of our country. We will make them permanent tax cuts. We will also stop the massive Biden inflation tax, a stealth tax which crooked Joe Biden is printing trillions and trillions of dollars and plundering it for the cronies and political friends that he's got all over Washington.

We will cancel the Green New Deal, which is the Green New scam. It's a big scam. We will terminate crooked Joe's insane electric vehicle mandate, and we're going to bring your energy costs down by 60% and 70% because we will drill, baby, drill. We're going to drill, baby, drill. We will eliminate illegal government discrimination, return to a society based on individual rights and individual merit.

Thank you. I will also stop Joe Biden's crusade to crush crypto. We're going to stop it. I will ensure that the future of crypto and the future of Bitcoin will be made in the USA, not driven overseas. I will support the right to self custody to the nation's 50 million crypto holders. I say this with your vote.

I will keep Elizabeth Warren and her goons away from your Bitcoin, and I will never allow the creation of a Central Bank digital currency. I will also immediately end the humanitarian disaster on our southern border. We will end it quickly. You cannot have capitalism and also have open borders, because you will soon be turned into a socialist nation, then a poor nation, and finally you will be a failed nation.

By ending the border crisis, which we will do immediately, we will save freedom, prosperity, and capitalism in America. Before I even arrive at the Oval Office, shortly after we win the presidency, I will have the horrible war between Russia and Ukraine settled. We quit spending hundreds of billions of dollars to fight other people's wars, and so that we start immediately saving thousands and thousands of lives.

I am committed to restoring peace and restoring stability and to stopping Joe Biden's march to World War III. You're being led right into World War III. You know that? You're going to have World War III, and it will be a war like no other because of the weaponry, the massive weaponry. It will be a war like no other.

We will stop it, and I'm the only one that's going to be able to stop it. I will protect American sovereignty from the creeping hands of global government. As we speak, Joe Biden's minions are in Geneva secretly negotiating to surrender more of our liberty to the World Health Organization. Drafts of the agreement show that they want to subjugate America to foreign nations, attack free speech, empower the World Health Organization to redistribute American resources.

They're going to take our money and send it all over the world to other countries that we need for our own citizens in the event of a pandemic, and it can happen again. I am hereby demanding that Joe Biden submit these monstrosities to the Senate as treaties. They have to be submitted as treaties because he cannot be allowed to do that, destroy our country, he is. If he does not, I will rip them up and throw them out on day one of the Trump administration.

On education, we will cut federal funding for any school pushing Marxist and Communist race and gender theories on our children. We will keep men out of women's sports. I will not give one penny to any school that has a vaccine mandate or a mask mandate. We will shut down our out-of-control federal Department of Education and give it back to the states and local governments.

I will return power to the states, local governments, and to the American people. I am a believer in the 10th amendment. I will always defend religious liberty and the right to keep and bear arms. I will secure our elections. In conclusion, to every freedom lover here today, and there are a lot of them, and all across our land I say, this is no ordinary election.

Freedom itself is at stake. This will be the most important election in the history of our country. If you want to strike a blow against the corrupt system in Washington, if you want to send a message to all of the people who want to take away your liberty, then right now in this election, we need your help.

We need your support. When I'm in the White House, you will always find an open door to the Oval Office. Together, we are taking on some of the most menacing forces and vicious opponents our people have ever seen. But no matter how hateful or corrupt the communists and criminals we're fighting are, and they are vicious and they are corrupt, you must never forget, this nation does not belong to them.

This nation belongs to you. This is your home. This is your heritage. Our American liberty is your God-given right. 2024 is our final battle. With your help, we will demolish the deep state. We will expel the warmongers from our government. We will drive out the globalists. We will cast out the Communists, Marxists and fascists.

We will throw off the sick political class that hates our country. We will drain the swamp, and we will restore and rescue our country from these tyrants and villains once and for all. Ladies and gentlemen, the great liberation of America begins on November 5th, 2024. It will be the most important day in the history of our country, and the forgotten man and woman will be forgotten no longer.

I want to thank you. I want your support. Again, you can either nominate us and put us in the position or give us your votes. I would say nominate or give us your votes, but we want libertarian votes because you stand for what we stand for and don't waste a vote and don't allow the worst president in the history of our country to come back and do the final destruction of America.

Thank you very much, everybody. God bless you. God bless you.