What a nice welcome. Thank you. Thank you very much. That is really something. I knew I should be here. You know I knew it. I was told to be here. And I said, I think it's the right place to be because we did a lot of jobs and a lot of -- a lot of opportunity zones, which was great, with Tim Scott. He was really hard at work always.

Tim, always hard, South Carolina senator. And he came in with the Opportunity Zone concept. And I think it was the best economic development ever done for the Black community and beyond. So, it was really great. It was great. But I'm honored to be in Detroit at the 180 Church. 180. Just met your pastor, your great pastor, Lorenzo Sewell.

For hosting us, I want to thank Lorenzo for hosting us and for all the work he's done to serve the people of this community. I hear he's phenomenal. Where is Lorenzo? Where is Lorenzo? What a good job you've done, Lorenzo. Be my pastor any day. I need it, too. I need it. Thank you, Lorenzo. Also, we have a great group of patriots.

As you know, Byron Donalds is an incredible guy. Incredible guy. And I noticed he happens to be on the list of potential vice presidents. Would anybody like to see him as a vice president? I noticed -- I noticed your name is very high on the list. That's good. You should be on the list, too. Congressman John James, my friend.

He is something special. Thank you, John, very much. Great job you're doing too, by the way. And I heard you have no trouble. You're going to just breeze right through it, and you should because you've done a fantastic job. Former secretary and my really good friend for a long time, Ben Carson, Dr. Ben Carson.

There's a man -- he worked very hard. No scandal. No -- everybody that had  scandal. There was no scandal with Ben. Four years, it was perfect. He did a great job. And we love Ben, special person, and Candy, the whole -- the whole family. Thank you, Ben, for being here. Appreciate it. A man who has the mojo.

He's going to be a very great senator and taken off like a rocket. He's leading in all the polls, and he's going to be something very, very special. Mike Rogers. Mike, thank you very much. And, Mrs. Rogers, thank you for being here. So nice to meet you. Yeah, that was an easy endorsement for me. That was a real easy one, but he's got what it takes, and he'll be one of the most formidable senators.

And I think he's going to do a phenomenal job bringing money back to your district, bringing jobs back to your district. He's a -- he's a big believer in that. A person who's endorsed us and who's been fantastic, he's run for office. He could have won for a lot of offices if he want, but he loved being a police chief.

James Craig. Where is James? James Craig. Wonderful guy. And thank you for the support, James. I really do appreciate it. Michigan GOP chair, a friend of mine also, an incredible politician at the time. And he left. He didn't lose. He left after a while, and he went on to big things, including being an ambassador.

And he's the one guy I wanted to head up the GOP here because we think we're going to win this state. We're leading right now by a lot, and we think we're going to win it. Pete Hoekstra, thank you. Thank you, Pete. So, it's an honor to be here. It's a very important area for us. We've done more for -- and I say this, I say it proudly.

More for the Black population than any president since Abraham Lincoln. That's a big statement. And Crooked Joe Biden has done nothing for you except talk. It's only talk. It's all talk. He gets nothing. He gets nothing for anyone. He was lost. And he's in Europe, he's walking around. He doesn't know where the hell he is, and he's supposed to help Detroit?

I don't think so. But we achieved the lowest African American unemployment rate and the lowest African American poverty rate ever recorded, ever, ever recorded during my four years. We lifted 6.6 million people out of poverty. Black Americans saw their largest increase in home ownership on record. There has never been anything like it. This is during our period of time.

We gave record funding to historically Black colleges and universities. You all know that. And got great support. And I will just tell you a quick story. The heads of the colleges would come to Washington once every year. And after two years, they said, "Why do you guys keep coming?" And I liked them. I liked a couple of them.

Really, they're friends of mine, but the whole group was very -- they were just terrific people, men and women heading up the colleges. And I said, "Why do you keep coming?" Because they won't give us long-term financing. We have to come back every year, one said. And I said, respectfully -- he said, "They make us feel like a bunch of beggars.

We have to come back to Washington every year." I said, "Well, we're going to take care of that." And I got them actually more money than they asked for by far. And we got them long-term financing. And I said, "The only thing sad is that I'll never see you again, probably. I will never meet you again." Because we got used to meeting, I kept saying it. And then after a couple of years, I said, "Why do you have to keep coming back?" You mean you've been doing -- he said, we've been doing this for a long time, for 20 years, I guess.

The one gentleman said he was there 20 years. He's been doing it for 20 years. I said, that's not right. And they do a very important job and a great job. And so, I got you long-term financing. And it was -- and I think all of them are voting for Trump. I don't know. I can't say maybe, but I'd say 99% of them.

And if they aren't, I don't know what the hell the other side did. But we'll start an investigation or something, OK? We passed historic criminal justice reform, something that they've been after, people have been after for mostly the Black community for years and years. And to get it done, they needed me. And as you know, President Obama tried.

Biden doesn't even try. Well, he doesn't have to because we got it done, but we're going to get it improved. But President Obama tried, was unable to get it done. You needed conservative votes, and I got conservative votes. And we got criminal justice reform done. Nobody else could have done that.

And we're very proud of it. And when I left office, we had no inflation. Gasoline was less than $2. The 30-year mortgage was at 2.6%. The border was secure, wages were rising, and the jobs were the best in the history of our country. For African American, for Black Americans, the jobs were the best in the history of our country.

Other than that, what did I do? Not that much. Not that much. Now, watch, the press will put that on. I didn't do that much because they're bad people, you know? They're bad. That's why they're the fake news. You have the same problem that I do. They're fake news. So, Biden -- on the other hand, Biden wrote the devastating 1994 crime bill talking about superpredators.

That was Biden. You know, he walks around now talking about the Black vote. He's the king of the superpredators. And he wrote the 1994 crime bill that you talk about so much. I guess everybody here knows about that, especially if you happen to be Black. And he was the one with the superpredators. So, just please remember that when you think you're going to vote Democrat because you shouldn't vote Democrat.

Biden's inflation -- thank you. That's a big deal, too, because, you know, he tries to pretend like, oh, you know, nothing happened. Nothing happened. He was the one. Biden's inflation has cost a typical American family $28,000. Millions of illegal aliens are pouring in, and they're taking your jobs. The Black community is being hurt more by the illegal aliens, 16 million, 17 million.

They're taking your jobs. You were -- you're down 6%, 7% from where you were just three years ago with me. And it's going much lower because millions and millions of people are coming into your communities. It's no longer -- every state is a border state. You've heard that. But they're coming into your community, and they're taking your job.

They're affecting the African Americans. And then after that, the Hispanic Americans, more than any other group. And they're also affecting unions because unions are starting to lose their grip because of it. They've never seen it. We're being inundated. Think of it, millions of people are coming in from prisons, from mental institutions.

They're terrorists at levels that we have never seen before. And in '19 -- let's see, one year. Yeah. 2019, we had a survey done. How many terrorists were coming in. That was a Trump year, 2019. They said none. Now, I don't even believe that. I think that's too good. That -- I wish the fake news wasn't fake then, but it was done by Border Patrol, etc.

And they said no terrorists came in in 2019. I can't believe that. But as soon as they took over, they have thousands of terrorists coming into our country. And we're all going to be hearing about that. We have to get them out. We have -- one of the first things we're doing is we're getting them out, right?

They're coming in at levels never seen before. I say that by the time we get him out -- and again, he's the worst president in the history of our country. And you know what? He's been the worst president for Black people. He's been the worst president for Hispanic people. There's never been anybody so bad.

And remember what I said about the crime bill. Under Biden, real wages for African American workers are down 6%. That's the biggest decrease ever in a short period of time. You're down 6% since he took over. One hundred percent of the net jobs created under Biden have gone to the illegals. Did you know that?

One hundred percent of the jobs created have gone to illegals. And then you're supposed to vote for this guy? And he doesn't know the difference. You're not talking about him. You're talking about people that control him, fascists, communists, people that want to see our country destroyed. So, I'm going to quickly rebuild the greatest economy in history.

We had the greatest economy in history. We're going to stop inflation. And remember, even if you were making the same thing as you made, you are losing a fortune because with food prices and with all of the prices of interest rates which went so high, and you can't get money, but with interest rates, housing costs, rent costs, all of the different costs, you're talking about 30%, 40%, and even 50%, depending on what items you want to use.

And people were making -- if you're making the same amount of money, even if you made more, you're way behind the eight ball. And people that -- actually, somebody said, "Gee, I've been treated nicely. I got wage increases, but I'm losing a fortune compared to when Trump was running things." We had almost no inflation, and they had inflation of -- a number, the real number, if you really get into the real number, it's probably 40% or 50% when you add things up, when you don't just put in the numbers that they want to hear.

Look at just the cost of energy. I'm going to save the auto industry. Instead, we're going to be building all cars, not just electric cars. It's ridiculous. They don't go far. And they're fine. Some people might want them. And we're going to rebuild Detroit. We're going to get the car companies. Under Biden, you're not going to have any more car business.

And whoever Shawn Fain is -- he's the head of the union. I can tell you, the United Auto Workers are voting for Trump. This guy went along with this ridiculous concept of switching over to all-electric cars. They're all going to be made in China. They're very expensive, and they don't go far. They don't go far.

So, we're going to end that. On day one, we're going to end that mandate. And if you want an electric car, you'll absolutely get it. But you'll get gasoline and you'll get hybrids. You'll get whatever it is, and we'll make sure that it's done. We're going to seal the border, and we're going to stop the invasion of your jobs and the invasion of our country.

It's an invasion of your jobs. They are taking away your jobs when they pour in. And it makes sense. I mean, it makes sense. They're taking away your jobs. We'll bring back public safety and defend our communities for law abiding American citizens. We need -- look, the crime is most rampant right here and in African American communities.

And more people see me, and they say, "Sir, we want protection. We want police to protect us. We don't want to get robbed and mugged and beat up or killed because we want to walk across the street to buy a loaf of bread." They wanted so badly, the fake news doesn't talk about it. But the Black population wants law enforcement more than any other population.

So, I think it's an important thing to say. And I'll keep the radical-left wing gender ideology away from our youth. Gender ideology. Wow. You know, it's an amazing thing. Every time I say that, it gets that kind of a  from all groups, from all communities. It's incredible how that continues. Like, I will keep men out of women's sports.

People say -- that's another. Well, just to step it up. We will close the borders. They will be closed tight like they were, and only people will come into our country, they have to come in legally, they have to come in legally. And we'll also support, which is very important for your community, universal school choice.

It's so important. So, with all of that -- with all of that, I want to just say that it's -- Carlos and everybody, it's been an honor to be here. It's an incredible place. I have a lot of friends here, and we're going to do things. We're going to bring back the auto industry. The best thing we can do is bring back the auto industry.

If you look at what Biden's done, you know, we created -- we got rid of NAFTA, the worst trade deal ever made. And we did the USMCA, that's Mexico, Canada, the best trade deal, they say, ever made in this country. Actually, the trade deal I made with China was just as good or better, but I don't talk about it because of the -- the COVID, what they brought upon, the China virus.

Has anyone ever heard of the China virus? We want to be as accurate as possible. But we made great trade deals. But USMCA gave us something that was very special. And if you look right now, they're building massive auto plants in Mexico. And they think they're going to build automobiles, and they're going to send them into our country and get rid of all your jobs in Michigan and get rid of all your jobs all over the country, your auto jobs.

They're building the biggest auto plants anywhere in the world right now in Mexico, fairly close to the border. And let me tell you. Those cars aren't coming into this country, unless they pay a massive tariff, because we want those plants built in our country, not in that country. We're going to bring back the auto industry to Michigan.

We're bringing it back to Michigan. We're going to bring back the auto. And I can tell you from our senator, we will work on that together, but we're going to bring back the auto country. It's going to be called auto country again because you've lost -- you've lost -- over the years, you've lost more than 50% of the automobile-making capacity.

And I think the number is even much higher than that. Used to be the only place, and now, it's almost -- it just -- it didn't go down with me, by the way. We did very well. We kept them out with tariffs and other things, but we're going to do something that's going to really bring back massive auto manufacturing to the state of Michigan.

And we're going to create jobs like you've never seen. And I just want to thank everybody. And, pastor, I want to thank you. This is a nice church, by the way. Very nice. I'll come here some Sunday with you, OK? I'll listen to a real sermon, right?

Thank you very much. Thank you very much, everybody. I appreciate it. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you very much.

Thank you.

Oh, is he a good-looking guy? Look at him. Wow, he's a beauty.

Thank you very much, sir.

Thank you. Good job.

Thank you, Carlos. He does have a point. You know, one thing -- one thing I'll say, Carlos knows better than anybody. We defeated ISIS 100%. They told me it would take five years. They told me it would take five years, and we did it literally in five weeks. We did it quickly. And I will tell you, our soldiers, other than the people on the top that you see on television and some of them are really just weak and pathetic and bad, the way they got out of Afghanistan, getting out was fine.

We were going to get out with dignity and strength. We weren't going to leave people behind, and we weren't going to leave equipment behind, 85 -- think of it. $85 billion worth of brand-new equipment we left, and they're one of the largest sellers right now of military equipment in the world. They left 70,000 trucks, many of them armor-plated, 700,000 rifles.

I don't know why we had so much equipment over there, but they had it. They bought it, and we left it. Brand-new stuff. Goggles and night goggles where they can see perfectly. So, now, the Taliban can fight at night. But you know that we left it over there. I will say, though, we defeated the ISIS caliphate, and our soldiers are real soldiers.

They're not going woke. Nobody's going to talk them into going woke. Those guys did their job. And you're so right. Thank you, Carlos.

Thank you very much. Thank you, Omar.

Right. Well, as you know better than anybody, Omar, the money was not a problem. Four years ago, the banks were lending, and they were lending at very low rates. And now, you can't get money at 10% and 11% and 12%. You can't get any money. Especially for a small business, it's almost impossible. We're going to save our country, the most important thing we have to save.

When you see Russian ships floating essentially off the coast of Miami, I mean, if you think, off the coast of Florida, how did that happen? And the fake news, look at all of them back there. The fake news doesn't even want to talk about it because it makes Biden -- Putin would not be doing that if I were president.

And I had a very good relationship. But I had a tough relationship. You know, I ended the pipeline going all over Europe, the Russian pipeline called Nord Stream 2. He wouldn't be doing it. And I will tell you the most important thing we have to do. We have to save our country because our country is in trouble.

We have a chance, a real chance at World War III. And, you know, we have less than five months now. Actual voting starts in North Carolina. If you take a look, that's going to be on the 6th of September, 22nd of September is Pennsylvania. So, it's not even November 5th, which will go down as the most important day, most important election, but the most important day in the history of our country.

It's going to two things. I'm going to stop at your restaurant the next time, and you're going to give me the greatest lunch you've ever served because I heard you do great steak.

So, we'll do that.

OK? And -- and the other thing, tell your waiters and waitresses and anybody else getting tips because there are a lot of people get tips for car attendants and caddies. And a lot of different people get tips. We are not going to tax tips. The tax immediately is coming off because, as you know, the government under Biden just passed new regulations to really go after these people.

And they're at a level like nobody's ever seen. It's like jail time stuff to go after your waiters and your waitresses and other people getting tips. So, anybody getting tips because there are certain tip industries -- the car business has a lot of tipping going on. We are not going to be taxing tips. It's going to end immediately.

So, thank you, Omar.

Great job.

We'll see you at your restaurant.

We'll see you at the restaurant.

Thank you, Omar.

Appreciate it.

You're coming with me.

It looks good.

Thank you.

That's right. That's right.

Well, we're going to get your children jobs. We're going to make it possible for them to work. We're going to stop illegals from coming in because your biggest threat are the illegals taking the jobs. We have threats as to security, too, because again, so many of them come from prisons and jails, from mental institutions, and even insane asylums.

That's a step above -- that's many steps above mental institutions. And we're not going to allow this to happen. And the first community, and this is open knowledge, that's being affected and affected very badly is the Black community because they're taking your jobs. And we want people to come into our country, but they have to come in legally.

They have to be vetted, and they have to come in legally. So, I think that's the biggest single thing that we can do in terms of the future because you see already what's happening where your wages are down. It's going down. It's going to get very bad. I think it's going to get very bad. So, we have to close up the border.

We have to stop and we have to -- we want people to come in, but we want them to come in legally. And they have to come in through a legal process. It's so unfair to our country, but I think that's the biggest thing we can do.

Thank you very much. Congratulations, too.

Thank you, Valerie.

Thank you, Valerie.

Thank you. No wonder I see you on television so much.  so well. That's something. You know, you mentioned Section 8. I know Section 8 housing. I know quite a bit on it, and I did initially with my father, and we were successful at it, but it's crazy because, essentially, there was no rent. They had no rent.

And people would come up to us and say, you know, "I don't have to live for free, but you -- they help you or you're going to . The program is you pay nothing, or you pay everything. There was nothing in between, right? And people were saying, "I don't want to do that. I mean, I want to help." And they ended up taking it. They literally -- for nothing.

The problem was there was no money left for anybody else. So, people that wanted subsidized housing, they wanted housing to help their family and to live and everything else, they couldn't get the housing. Section 8 program was a -- it was a crazy program. People were saying, I want to pay something. And a lot of people came up to me. They said -- because I know it very well.

I knew that program very well. And they wanted it to be something. They couldn't do it. They got it for almost nothing. And -- but there was nothing left over for a lot of people. It's a crazy program actually, really a crazy government program. Ben Carson would know that better than anybody because he had . But -- so, but that's -- your story is an amazing story.

And thank you. Thank you, Valerie, very much. Appreciate it.

Thank you, Pastor.

Thank you. It's my honor.

And you know, and we talk about this, you have a lot of dollars in the Black community, and they don't keep it. I think one of the biggest problems that I see is the crime. They have to stop the crime. If they stop the crime, you're going to see more and more stores sprout. And we're losing them in other communities, too, where this crime, they just -- you see empty stores, you see them all over.

They see big stores. They moved in 10 years ago. They spend millions of dollars to build it, and now, they're leaving. And these are not necessarily Black communities. In many cases, they're not at all. But where there's crime, there's empty stores that you don't keep the money. So, I think the biggest thing we can do is stop the crime.

We're going to stop the crime. We have to let people feel free and be able to walk outside and not even think about being mugged or hit or shot or anything. And, you know, one of the examples, I see the love in this church, it's incredible what you've done. You've done an incredible job. I would like to ask if you could final out with a prayer.

Does that -- is that OK? I don't want to get you by surprise here because this was not -- but I've heard so much about you with so many great things, and it's such an honor to be here. It's such an incredible honor. And with so many of my friends that are political leaders that are really a growing mix -- and he is on the list, by the way.

And I don't know if he's going to make it, but he's on a list of a few people, not too many people. Would you like to be VP? I think -- maybe one day, he may be a good one, too. But I'd love to ask you to finish off with prayer. Does that make sense?

Thank you very much.

He was good, but I didn't know he was that good. Thank you, Pastor, very much. That's beautiful. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Happy Father's Day. Happy Father's Day.

Thank you, everyone. Thank you. We love you, all. Thank you. God bless you.