Wow, thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you. How about that? Before I got up, the teleprompter fell down. That's great. Great goin' fellas, back there. Then they wanna know why I didn't pay the bill. You know, I get a lotta heat. I gotta teleprompter that's gone. This one's almost gone. But we've been there before.

Supposing that happened to Biden. You know what happens? He'd go like this, Biden. He'd leave. I'll stay here for an hour, have some fun. Fun. I wanna thank Tom. He's been an amazing guy actually. We've gotten to know each other mostly over the last year and, uh, his wife is even more amazing. She's so great.

She -- she's been with me and she convinced him to be with me and now he's more with me than her and it's a very complex relationship. And uh, no they're two great people and thank you very much. Thank you, Tom. Great job. Very respected in Washington. But I wanna just start off by saying hello, Minnesota.

This is a great state. We're gonna win this state. 1952. Can you imagine? I thought we won it in 2016. I thought we won it, I know we won it in 2020. We gotta be, we gotta be careful. We gotta watch those votes. You know, we don't need those votes. We gotta watch the votes. That's the big danger. Stop the steal.

You know, there's a lotta different names for it, but all of 'em are pretty accurate. I'm thrilled to be back in the Twin Cities with the hard-working patriots from the heartland of America. This is really the heartland. And I'm here tonight to declare that we're officially expanding the -- This is an official expansion, Tom, of the electoral map.

We're gonna put this because this -- this is so inflate -- Did you see? Two polls came out. One had me one point behind. One had me two points up. And another one's coming out tomorrow and the word is that I'm two points up. I don't know if that's good or bad. How are ya two points up to Biden? He can't talk.

He can't walk. Can't find his way off a stage. Can't put two sentences together. Although he has agreed to debate, so I don't know. Maybe they know something. He's gonna be so jacked up for those debates. You watch. I wanna thank Minnesota GOP chair David Hann for the incredible job that you do, David. Thank you.

Very good man. David, are we gonna win? What do ya think? You're an important guy. He may be the most important guy in the room, Tom. I'm sorry. Ya know? If he wa -- whatever it takes. You know whatever it take. But thank you and thank you to you to your beautiful wife. Why thank you very much. Thank you very much.

And we're counting on you to do the job as well. Uh, we'll give you the ammunition and I think you will do it based on everything we're seein'. A very good friend of mine, uh, one of the great governors of the country, Doug Burgum as you know, from North Dakota. Thank you, Doug. The best hockey player in the history of Congress.

There's no question about it. Pete Stauber, my friend. A Congresswoman who's a patriot and a real fighter and she's always been with me right from the beginning, Michelle Fischbach. Thank you, Michelle, thank you very much. And the greatest purchaser of advertising in the history of the country. There's never been -- I don't know.

His pillows are excellent. But I'm more impressed with the purchasing. If he could buy my edge, you'd never -- For what I spend, you would never have any empty spot without a Trump ad. This guy's the greatest buyer of ads in history, Mike Lindell. And his beautiful, just married, beautiful new wife. Thank you very much for being with us. That's just great.

It's a beautiful couple. I've said that a lot before but this time, I know it's perfect. I've said so many times, "What a beautiful couple." Two weeks later, "How ya doin?" "Well, we broke up." That one's never breakin' up. But Mike, it is true though. It's, uh, he had a commercial. You know, you call up, like, the -- the networks.

You call up Fox. They do a 30-second commercial. A minute is very hard to buy. This guy's commercials that last 10 minute. They never stop. And now he sells pillows and he sells, uh, sneaker, he sells anything. And we love him. He's a special guy. He's gone to -- How many rallies have you come to? Just over 100 yeah.

No it's amazing. He's our friend. And he does it outta love and we love him. With the help of everyone here tonight, we're goin' to take back the White House and we're going to make America great again. We're gonna do it. Two days it was announced that inflation in April continued to rage at a brutal 3.4 annual rate.

Nobody can believe it because it's just not stopping. That -- that's above the probably 30 points that ya picked up over the last couple of years. This is a level that people have not seen before. Consumer prices just hit an all-time high and since crooked Joe Biden and he is crooked. He's the worst president in the history of the country.

How we can be one point down or two points up in Minnesota to this guy, I don't know. There's only one way it can happen. They cheat. That's the only way. That's the only way. Some people like it. Some people don't. But that's the way it is. Sorry to tell you. And I never use the word "folks." You know why?

That's all he uses. Do you ever watch? "Folks, folks, folks." It's a nervous habit. It's a nerve -- I did a play-by-play of his State of the Union address. Man, was he jacked. But he used, he used the word "folks" like 40 times. Folks. I never use it. I used to use it. I used to sch -- nice, one or two times on the stage.

But groceries are up 22%. Eggs are up 50%. Electricity's up 40, 50, 60%. Gasoline is up 56%. Car insurance, you can't even get it. It's up 52% if it's available. And then if you need it, they don't give it to ya. They fight ya like hell. And meanwhile, real wages are down by almost five percent. This is what we have.

This is Biden-nomics. Ya know, we -- he thought it was such a good term. They had to explain, no it's disaster. No, inflation has eaten -- You know, it's a country-buster. And we have inflation like we haven't seen in, I guess, 78 years. But I think it's probably longer than that. That's why this November, the people of Minnesota are going to tell crooked Joe Biden, right?

The Apprentice. "You're fired. Get outta here. You did a lousy job. Worse president in history. You did a terrible job, Crooked Joe." His inflation catastrophe's in effect. A colossal tax on American families. We will call it the Biden inflation tax. This is a tax that you don't know about, Tom. We -- it's just -- I just came up with it. It's the biggest tax in history.

It's called an inflation tax. It's about 50%. This is like going to Congress raising ahead for a 50% tax. That's what it is. When I lo -- left office and we had virtually no inflation. We had nothing. We had only success. Yet in the past three years -- It's an amazing thing. Yet in the past three years, the taxes cost us an average -- If you think the average Minnesota family is a staggering $28,000. Think about that.

Who can think of that. $28,000 in tax. And the Biden price hikes are continuing to drain $1,165 from the typical Minnesota family budget every single month. And I think of these numbers. These numbers are staggering. And you know, somebody got a little bit of a wage increase. It doesn't matter because the prices have gone up so much.

It's a sad thing. Now they wanna go to an EV. Everybody has to have an electric car. Isn't that wonderful? They don't go far. And by the way, that ends of the first day. First day, first day. And if you wanna buy it, you can buy one. And you know, I'm not knockin' it, ya know, if you wanna go three, four miles and then back home.

Plug it in. Get ready for the purchase of a, of a newspaper the next day. You know, ya wanna go down and buy a newspaper like in the old days every once in awhile. But no, we're gonna end it right away, immediately. And I think people, if they wanna buy an electric car, I think it's great. But they have to be able to buy gasoline-powered, they have to be able to buy hybrids.

The hybrids are good, ya know. They hybrids are good. But the electric, they don't go far. They're very expensive. And they're all gonna be made in China. And now they wanna make electric trucks. And the trucks are disaster because the battery is so big it takes up half of your payload. To go to California, you need six stops and you have no chargers.

Other than that, it's very good. If you go with, like, an 18-wheeler, if you go, you can go from New York to California without a stop. And you know, it's something I ever even heard before. And so one of the truckers told me this. They're beggin' for help because they're gonna be put out of business. They're all gonna be put out of business.

He said, "You know, with a big truck, you buy a gorgeous, I won't even use the names, but you know the names of these companies, and you have this massive tank with diesel fuel. And as it goes along, it gets better and better because you're burnin' fuel. It gets lighter and lighter. With the battery, it just stays the same weight.

You just gotta lift that battery." But they're too big. The batteries' are too big. It's not something that's even feasible. But these people don't wanna hear about it. They don't wanna talk about it. In three minutes, a sane person, if they were in government, could be talked out of going all electric trucks because the batteries are so big and so heavy, they take up half of your payload.

And in three minutes, but they don't wanna hear about it. They say you have to stop six times instead of no times. They say we don't care. I mean, who could say that? These are radical lunatics that we're dealing with. They're lunatics. And now they wanna go all-electric army tanks, okay. So that when we go and blast the crap out of a enemy that we have and that we hate, and sometimes, ya know, we should be there.

Many times, we shouldn't be there to be honest with you. But we blast the hell out of an enemy. We do it in an environmentally friendly way. What are we doin'? And now it turns out, you know, we make the best tanks in the world. And now we -- it turns out that in terms of army tanks, uh, you have to put a truck on the back of the army tank because the battery's so big, it's gonna have to tow a truck and it still doesn't go far and it still cost twice as much and it's not effective.

But it does keep a clean environment which is very important. Because I know up -- up in a place called Minnesota, they like clean air. You know what? You have the cleanest air in history for four years using natural gas. Trump. Natural gas and clean coal. Unbelievably, that's true, that's true, that's true.

The whole thing. And you know, all this stuff has to be made in China because that's what they have. We have a thing called gasoline. We have more liquid gold under our feet than any nation in the world including Russia and including Saudi Arabia. I did ANWR in Alaska. The biggest mine in the world. It's probably the size of, probably the size of Saudi Arabia.

And in his first week in office, they ended it. Ronald Reagan tried to get it. He couldn't get it. Everybody tried to get it. I got it approved. And this guy ended in the first day in office. So sad. I mean, so sad. And ultimately, that caused inflation. Your energy prices went up so much and very simple, whether you make donuts or whether you make tires or whether you make anything, you have to, uh, turn on the furnaces and you have to get the trucks movin' and all of the other things.

And the energy is what caused this massive inflation that we've suffered through. And then everything caught on. I mean, did you ever see bacon? It went up four times, four times over a course of three years. So I don't eat bacon anymore. It's too expensive. But unbelievably, crooked Joe Biden went on television last week and he proclaimed in an interview with Americans can actually that he's saying that Americans can actually afford his brutal inflation tax.

He said they could afford it. He declared the family's quote have the money to spend. They don't have the money to spend. They've run out of money. I mean, they're on literally -- People don't have, if they get sick, if they're away for two or three days of income, I don't know. What do they do? You know, you're spoiled.

You have a lot of rich, a lot of rich people. You know, you set all sorts of records tonight. Have you heard that? You set attendance record. And you set a money-raising record. But can you imagine if you miss a couple of days of work? Can you imagine? You can't pay your bills. I mean, we have the highest percentage of that that we've ever had and Biden blamed his economic disaster on companies shrinking the size of their Snicker bars.

Can you believe that? But you know, it's a funny thing. I don't know if you can see that. Does anyone have good eyes out there because this is -- I just got this today. Somebody handed it to me. It's wei -- and not as a joke. I said, "Anybody have any Tic Tacs?" And the guy said, "I have one." Look at the size of that sucker.

Could you, can you see that piece? This is called Biden Tic Tacs. Can you see it, Tom? This cost more money than the one that was 10 times bigger. This was inflation. That's a perfect -- The guy actually handed me -- "Do you have any Tic Tacs?" "Yeah, take mine, sir." I say, "What the hell is that?" I'm never gonna lose this.

This is gonna be part of our -- Terrible. But Americans are not struggling. You know, this is the worst platform. Who put this stage up because this is the wor -- the frickin' place is falling down. I notice it keeps tilting further left. Like too many other thing. What a crappy contractor this was. No, it's true.

I'm known as being a pretty tough negotiator. Sometimes I get a bad rep. A contractor does a bad job. I met a lotta great contractors here. But he does a bad job, I don't pay him. And then they say, "Trump doesn't pay his-" I pay my bills. I pay the bills so fast if they're good. But this happens to be -- Look, the teleprompter is useless.

It feel down. I don't know why it fell down. I don't mind -- I've lost teleprompters to wind. There's no wind in here so why the hell did it fall down? Did you see it? It fell down. I'm standing here listening to the great Lee Greenwood and the teleprompter falls off the stage. Now I put my hand on this thing and the thing tilts over.

This is not -- I think it was  doesn't like me. No, this sucker's really tenuous. I'm telling you. This -- At some point, I'll be stand -- I won't leave and we'll finish up but this sucker's gonna be sitting down there on the floor. I've never had this before. I've never had a podium that's falling down.

I've had teleprompters. You know, I was in Ohio. In fact, our great senator, yeah, from North Dakota, you were there or somebody that's gonna win, it think. Bernie Moreno. You know, we had 45, we had 45 mile an hour winds. We had 25, 28,000 people. By the way, New Jersey last week, we had 107,000 people. That's a poll, right?

That's a poll. But we're in there to help Bernie Moreno get elected Senate, he's running for the Senate. He's doing well. And we had 45 mile an hour winds. And we had two teleprompters that were goin' like this. And then one broke and fell. I was waiting for that to happen. And I'm supposed to be speakin' for like an hour and a half.

And I'm saying, "We're all by ourselves up here. We got no teleprompter at the stage." But at least we had winds. Here we don't have anything and it's falling apart. This is what happens in America when you don't do things right and we don't like that, do we? We don't like that. We don't like that. But Americans are not struggling to make ends meet because they're buying too many Snicker bars.

We don't talk about that. They're struggling because we have the worst, most incompetent, most corrupt president in the history of our country with -- without question. One of the most vicious effects of the Biden inflation tax is how Crooked Joe has made it impossible for millions of Americans, especially young Americans to buy a home, a car, or even make their rent.

You know, young Americans are getting out of high school and getting out of college and it's a disaster for them. They've never had anything like it. They've never had anything like it. High inflation means that high prices, high interest rates, high mortgage rates and death for the American dream. It really is, it's death.

You know, uh, we talk about death and a lotta farmers here. We have farmers that I took great care of. We got 'em 28 billion dollars from China. Do you think, do you think Biden thinks about getting you money from China? He thinks about giving them money. But we have 28 billion dollars we got you. But we also got rid of the estate tax on your farms and small business because a lotta people, you know, they love their family.

They love their family and they wanna -- Now, i -- i -- if you don't love your family, then you shouldn't leave it to 'em. Is there anybody in the room that doesn't love their family? Because I actually have three or four people usually when we -- They raise their hand. In which case, this tax doesn't help you much.

But we gave you a, we got rid of the death tax or the inheritance tax on small farms and businesses and that's a big thing. But remember this, it's all going back if Biden gets elected. How the hell do you elect this guy? Who would elect this guy? He's destroyed our country. He's destroyed our country. You know, I have great respect for the Office of the President, the presidency.

And I would never speak about him that badly. But then they did something that is unthinkable. They took a president that got 75 million votes, more votes than any president in the history of our country, sitting president. No sitting president even come close to that. And they indicted him for nothing. And you see what's happening.

All falling apart. It was a nothing indict -- And then they indicted him again. Then we had Fani Wade, you know. I call her Fani Wade. This is the name of her great lawyer boyfriend. We hired him because of his expertise. He never did it before. They paid him almost a million dollars. They traveled all over the world.

Didn't they take nine trips to them? What was the last time you took nine trips? He didn't take nine trips in his entire tenure as a politician in this state. I guarantee. And your wife wouldn't let ya. She wants you to work hard. But he took nine trips in like eight months. In other words, they were taking trips and then they said, "Oh, well he's payin', he's being paid." So think of this.

He's getting almost a million dollars and he's taking her for these lovely cruises, uh, Norwegian Cruise Lines. Oh, that's beautiful. These people are just beautiful. And they're going on Norwe -- and they're going all over different trips to Alaska, to Europe, all over the place. She wants to indict me for, like, mobster stuff, okay.

Mobster stuff. When I didn't do anything wrong. You know, today, if you say, "I don't believe the co -- the election results are correct," they wanna indict you because they don't like talkin' about it because you're comin' too close to home. But we talk about it and we're proud to talk about it and if you're killed, you're gonna have very dishonest elections.

And the biggest risk we have here is exactly that because we have plenty of votes here. We're gonna win. But the biggest fear and the biggest -- Because so many people say, "Will it happen again? Will it happen again?" We have great people but these people were born to cheat. You know, they're born to cheat.

They have no shame but think of the fawny. It's F-A-N-I but they pronounce it fawny. How do you co -- wou -- if you had the name, if you had the name F-A-N -- Cou -- Wou -- If you had the name, if you had the name F-A-N-I, it's called Fani, right? How do you get Fani? I think when she became the DA, she gave it a little Frenchy stuff, you know?

Fani. Fani Wade. It's Fani Willis. We call her Fani Wade because her boyfriend, she's so in love with him. And here's the beauty, though. I, I think about her. So, you, you guys have all seen this whole deal. So, she said, uh, "No, no, we took trips. Yes, we took trips." And then she realized that, well, she paid for the trip because she paid him, you know, all this -- Almost a million, probably more than that.

And they used that money to pay. So, then she said, "No, no, uh, I didn't pay for, uh -- I paid cash. That's right, I paid cash." Now she's got a real problem 'cause now they're saying, "Where'd you get the cash?" But they don't go after the Democrats. They only go after the Republicans. Think of it, she said she paid cash.

She didn't pay cash, and she would have. But if she h -- if she paid cash, she has a bigger problem, right? Now she has a real problem. "Where'd she get the cash?" But they leave her alone. She's now running for office and they leave her alone. These are corrupt people. These are bad people, very bad people.

Uh, we have deranged Jack Smith in New York. We have -- He's a deranged individual, Washington. And he, uh, has destroyed a lot of lives over the years and always seems to get overturned because he goes too far. He's a deranged individual. And now you find out that in Florida, he tampered with the evidence.

You saw that, right? He tampered with the evidence. He h -- h got his hand caught in the cookie jar. You know the expression? But this is what we have. And they're using, uh -- They've weaponized, they've weaponized Biden, they've weaponized, uh -- They call it law-fare and I call it warfare because we have to fight this pe -- These people strong.

If you're a congressman, a great one like Michelle or Pete and you get a, uh, subpoena one day, you're out of business. You're out. You might as well just -- Just a subpoena. Pete wa -- gets a subpoena. He doesn't wanna hear about it. Michelle gets a subpoena. That's what they do. They've used this as a weapon.

This is cheating on election, no different than they did four years ago. This is cheating on election. Today I saw in Washington DC, there's a lock box. It looks nice, except there's a problem. The door is open on the bottom, the big door. It's totally open. They're taking pictures of it. This is a whole big scam.

They have lock boxes all over the place. It's a whole big scam. Hundreds of millions of dollars going in, and that's what we have to be careful of 'cause we have all the votes we need. We have all the -- You don't have that problem in North Dakota like we have. But I'll tell you what, we have all the votes we need.

And, uh, I'm counting on the chairman and Tom and everybody to make sure that -- Just, just give us an honest count. We're gonna turn the state for the first time since 1952. But it's s -- I never talk this way because, you know, I used to treat Biden with a little respect, not a lot, but a little. More than he deserves.

And, and, you know, I'd talk about, uh, he didn't do a good job, blah, blah. Now I say he's the worst president, he's incompetent, he's, uh, not a smart person, he has no idea. He can't, he can't find the stairs to . See all the stairs we have? We've got more stairs here. They're all over the place.

How the hell do you not find them? You could walk in any direction and yet he -- You ever watch him? He goes like this. "Huh." And then he -- And so far, he's doing good 'cause there's a stair over there but then he s -- walks into a wall and stuff. Thank god for the Secret Service. They usually run up, take hi -- This is what we're running against.

How the hell do they get 50% of the vote? They start off with a big advantage. Remember that. They start off with a big advantage. They start off with, you know, certain votes that they get almost automatically. But we're gonna be getting a lot of those votes this time. I think we're actually gonna be getting a lot of those union votes that they typically get.

I think we're gonna get a lot of the union votes. United Auto Workers, they're fed up with United Auto Workers in terms of their leadership, but I think we're getting that. I think we're getting a lot of teamsters voting for us. We're doing polls. We're, like, at 82%. And, uh, tough to get the top guys, but I think we're gonna get some top guys very soon.

So, I think we're really eating into 'em. African Americans, Hispanic Americans, we're getting numbers like nobody's ever seen before. So, we have to put it away. We have to be careful. Guard the vote. I call it guard the vote, Mr. Chairman. We have to guard, we have to guard the vote and we have to make sure that vote is counted and they don't add ballots and all of the other things that they do. They'll do anything.

They have no shame. On day one, we will throw out Bidenomics and we will reinstate Maganomics. We're gonna have Maganomics. We're gonna make it the most successful -- We will be, again, the most successful country in the world. We'll stop the Biden stupid spending spree. We'll end his inflation death spiral.

This is a death spiral. We'll terminate his green new scam. You know what the green new scam is, right? And we're going to drill, baby, drill like we've never drilled before. And we're gonna bring down energy prices and we -- You have very high energy prices here and, you know, what I did for you, uh, up north, nobody's ever done what I did for you, and they ended it immediately, right?

Didn't they end it immediately? It's like they came in and they just ended it for no reason. They don't even know why they ended it. It was perfect what we did. And I got so many thanks. I remember when I did I, I was here and miners and people were coming up to me and they had tears in their e -- "Thank you, sir, for giving us our livelihood back." And then they ended it, like, in the first couple of days of the administration.

It's -- Along with many other things, like the Keystone Pipeline and lots of other things that should have never been ended. But just as I did before, I will rescue Minnesota from -- And I'm gonna rescue Minnesota from all of the ravages you've hi -- And we're going to rescue the Iron Range again. We're gonna rescue the Iron Range.

Before I took office, the Obama/Biden administration had wiped out the Iron Range. Every job, it was gone. Seven plants were idled and 2,000 workers were laid off immediately, and then it got worse and worse. But after -- And I came up here and I met some people and they just told me, it took me about a fi -- I figure a minute and a half to figure it out, and I opened it up like nobody's ever opened it up, and it was doing great.

And then these people came and they closed it. I don't know. They closed it. Nobody's knows why. They said the environment. It's not the environment. But after I imposed powerful tariffs on foreign steel, the Iron Range came roaring back to life. I put big tariffs 'cause China was dumping massive amounts of steel in our country and killing all of our steel companies.

The people that like me the most, actually, are the steel guys. They like me. They say, "Thank you. You saved our businesses." But now they're sort of siphoning it off and it's not a pretty picture. I tell you, these people, what they're doing to this country, between the border where millions of people are coming in. I mean, think of it, millions and millions of people are coming into our country from mental institutions and from jails, prisons.

They're coming in, they're pouring in. We have terrorists coming in. Uh, we're gonna do a massive deportation, but we have no choice. It's not like, not like we have a choice. And we start with the criminals. Hundreds of thousands of criminals are coming into our country, hundreds of thousands. Iron/ore shipments out of the port of Duluth soared by nearly 50% under the Trump administration.

I rescinded the federal withdrawal of -- In Superior. You know Superior National Forest? Did anybody ever hear of Superior National Forest? Huh? Good. Well, I opened it up. What's wrong with that, you know? They closed it. They say, "We don't want it." I don't know. These people, th -- I think they just wanna make your lives miserable and destroy our country.

It's so crazy. I mean, you know, seriously, like, why would they want an open border? Why do they want high interest rates? Why do they wanna quadruple your taxes? Which is what is gonna happen. All those things we talked about, I mean, it's gonna happen. Why do they wanna have men playing in women's sports?

They want men --

You gotta look at the weightlifting records. A record that stood for 18 years, 18 years it stood. It was solid. They just couldn't break it, those beautiful, powerful, extremely strong women. Ext -- There aren't too many men could lift like -- But these are men, so. But extremely strong women and they, they were looking and they put a quarter of an ounce, think of that, a quarter of an ounce there, a quarter of an ounce there on the barbell, and they get up and they lift that sucker.

They're gonna do it. Mom's in the first row, right where you are. Beautiful woman. And she's so proud of her daughter. "My daughter's gonna lift that." "Mom, I'm ready. I've been working 10 years for this. I'm ready." Olympic tryouts, right? And then she gets it up. "Mom, I don't know. Mom, this is getting -- This is a heavy sucker." "Oh, mom.

I can't do it." Boom. Can't do it. She couldn't do it. Just that little extra they couldn't do. This guy who transitioned, he transitioned, thank you very much, he comes in. "Have you lifted before?" "Uh, no, not much." He goes, "How much is it? 218. Oh, I should be able to do that." He walks up to the barbell.

They put 30 more pounds on. I mean, what did he break it? By, like, hundreds of pounds, Tom. And then you allow this to happen in congress? The worst is the swimming. How about the swimming, right? How about the swimming records? These are records that women won't be breaking. Maybe in about 400 years if everything goes well.

But with the kind of idiots we have running this country, not a lot of people will be left 'cause the power of weaponry today is very scary. We could very well end up, in the next five months, in a World War III because we have incompetent people. He's an incompetent person. Joe Biden is incompetent. And let me just tell you, I would have never said -- That's a strong statement to say the president is -- He's grossly incompetent.

Everything he's done. Look at Afghanistan, the way they left. I was leaving Afghanistan. We were gonna leave with dignity and strength and our equipment and we were gonna stay in Bagram, and we were taking the soldiers out last, right? Last. You don't take them out first. We took them out first, and then they were free to have -- They had a free for all.

But we were gonna keep Bagram, the big air base. You know who has Bagram right now? It's only one hour away from where China makes its nuclear weapons. You know who has it now? China has it now. The guy is just a horrible h -- So, when he did that, I said, "Now the gloves are off. I can say anything I want." Think of it, Alphonse Capone, the great ou -- Has anyone ever heard of Al Capone, Scarface?

Has anyone? This was not a nice person. Even Doug would have a hard time living with him. You would say, "I need to get the hell out of here. This guy's dangerous." Now, if he didn't like you for dinner, he would kill you. You would never be found, let's put it this way. Do you have any wetlands around or swamps? 'Cause he liked wetlands, you know?

He just dumped them to the wetlands. But, uh, Al Capone was indicted less than me. I was indicted over a short period of time, four times. My whole life, I've never even heard of the word, and now all of a sudden I'm like a professional. And my father who was a straight guy, he was a straight arrow, no games, he was all business, he was just a good man, but he was all business, he's looking down right now with my beautiful mother and they're saying, "My son got indicted four times.

That's more than Alphonse Capone. What the hell's going on?" "That country's going haywire." No, but this is -- They've used this -- This is -- They've weaponized the DOJ. And these are local prosecutors, but they've weaponized local prosecutors. They've taken people from the DOJ and they've put them into local offices.

They've weaponized the whole thing. And if you're a normal, but a very good politician and you get a subpoena or you get some form of a, a grand jury notice, you're sort of out of business. You know what you say, like, hundreds have said before? "I will go home now to my family. I will work on my relationship with my family and I will fight for my name." And by the way, that's the last you've ever heard of that person.

He's gone, because they've weaponized, and that's what their form of cheating is now. And if you're a congressman or a senator or anything, at least I have a voice so I can get up and say, "Here's what the indictment is," and I can explain it. And a poll came out today. 88% say that th -- these indictments are bullshit.

So, that's a very positive thing. And more importantly, my poll numbers are much higher than they would have been without it. You know, they've gone too far. In fact, I heard they were coming down with another one they called in f -- "Don't do it. We're going to indict this guy into the White House. Don't it." You ever hear that?

You know, my poll -- I don't think my poll numbers -- Tom, what do you think? I don't think my poll numbers would s -- It's not a pleasant thing. You don't have a judge in New York who's totally conflicted, totally conflicted. This man is the most conflicted judge that you could ever have in history. And I hate to say a man's crooked, but he's so conflicted it becomes crooked.

And this is what we have. This is what we have. And, uh, it's a very sad thing. But when you explain it, I have a big platform, like these things and lots of them and, uh, you know, I can get on television whenever I want. I can explain a lot of work. But my poll numbers are much higher, I think, wouldn't you say?

They're much higher than they would have ever been, Doug. Much higher. So, we get something out of it. We get something out of it, but you have to do a lot of work and it's a very unfair situation. But they weaponize it. That's their current form of cheating. And this never happened in the United States before.

This happened with this horrible president who's, who's just a ho -- He's destroying our country. He's destroying our country. He's a horrible human being, too. And then they go, you know, "It's all this disinformation." His biggest disinformation -- He's a non athlete, okay? I'm a very good golfer. I'm a very good golfer, I really am. Won 29, 30, 29 club championships.

That's a lot. 29 club championships. And he can't play. And he said the other day, it's all disinformation, "I'll play Trump any time. I'll give him three aside." He's gonna give me three aside. Did you ever see him swing? He's like this. The guy -- I don't believe he can hit a ball 50 years. I've se -- I know, I know sports very well and I know golf very well, and I know good golfers.

I can look at a guy take a practice swing before the round starts, I can tell you whether or not he or she can play. This guy has no -- And he said -- They asked him what his handicap is. "Uh, I'm a 6.2. 6.2." You know, 6.2's a very good player. He's a 6.2. He's gotta be that extra little point 2. You know, like, I've never even heard of it. I've played only about 40 fricken years.

I've never heard of a 6.2. I've heard of a six. I've heard of a seven. But I've never heard of a 6.2. But he wants to make it, like, accurate, you know? Like, in other words, like it exists. He's all about disinformation. Uh, pilots come in. He said, "I used to fly a plane." Truckers come in. "I used to drive a truck." People come in from Minnesota. "I used to live in Minnesota." Right?

He is so full of shit this guy. Terrible. Terrible.

Thank you very much. True. So true. It's so true. Now the fake news back there, they'll say, uh, "Oh, he used foul language." Every once in a while you have a good cr -- Every once in a while you have to use, you know -- There's just no other word to describe it, right? Say, "He didn't use nice words. He didn't use nice -- " It doesn't work quite the same, does it, huh?

But no, it's, uh, it's sad what's happening. It's sad what's happening because it's not based on anything, and he was never a smart person. He was always -- You know, I knew Ted Kennedy very well, and for some reason, very different persuasion politically, but he lived in Palm Beach largely. You know, they had the Kennedy compound and I was there for a long time and I did him a big favor one time and he liked me. I liked him.

I got along with him, but, you know, very different in a lot of ways. But, uh, I said, "Who's the smartest person in the Senate?" He said, "The smartest person -- " He gave me a name. I won't tell you because he's still around and I can't stand the guy, okay? I said, "Who's the dumbest person in the US Senate?" He said, uh, "Probably Joe." I said, "Who the hell is Joe?" "Joe Biden." He said, "He doesn't understand the basic concepts of taxation, of foreign po -- He doesn't -- Any time it gets a little bit complex, he just doesn't understand." And he's our president now, and that was when he was in prime time.

He's not prime time anymore. But less than four years ago we had the most secure border in US history. We ended catch and release, built 571 miles of border wall and got Mexico to send 28,000 soldiers to our border free of charge. I said to the president, "We need your soldiers." "Why?" I said, "'Cause you've got caravans." I came up with that name.

I'm good with names. You know, I come up with a lot of good names. A lot of them I can't use again 'cause they were against my Republican opponent, and now I get along with them, you know? But we've come up with a lot of good names. Uh, Pocahontas was a good name, I think. That actually drove her out of the presidential run, right?

Pocahontas. So many good names. But it's a caravan. It's like a caravan. I came up with that. It's thousands of people walking through Mexico. So, I said to the president, "You gotta give us 28,000 soldiers. I want them now and they gotta stop people from pouring over our border -- Y -- Over the border while we're building the wall.

We're building the wall." We did far more than I said we were gonna do. And I had another 200 miles of wall already built, ready to be put up. It could have been done in three weeks. And that's when I realized, they didn't wanna put it up. And the reason they didn't, because they did want open borders. I couldn't even believe it. It doesn't make sense.

An open border doesn't make sense. You can let people in, but you gotta know something about the people. They're coming in from all over the world, not just South America. So, I said to him, "You've got to give us 28,000 soldiers.". He laughed at me. "That's so funny. Why would we do that?" I said, "Because you're letting people come through your country and they're pouring into our country.

You have to do it." And I really like him, too, AMLO. I really like him. He's a good guy. Socialist, but that's okay. You know, what the hell? You get along with people. Well, I got along with a lot of them, but I was the toughest president during Russia. I stopped the pipeline. You know, they always say, "He was very nice to Russia." No, I was the worst to Russia, but I got along with Putin.

We got along. It's nice to get along with somebody that has a nuclear capability, right? It is. I got along with him. But he said, "I'd hate like hell to see if you weren't nice, because if you're the nicest -- " I, I ended the biggest job they've ever done, the pipeline. When Biden came in, he approved it. And then they say, "He was soft on Russia." I was the worst on Russia.

By the way, Russia would have never attacked Ukraine if I were president, never. Not even a possibility. And Israel wouldn't have happened, the October 7th would have never happened. They would have -- Because Iran was broke under me. I said to China, I said -- Everybody, every nation, "You wanna buy from Iran, you wanna buy oil?

Uh, you'll never do business in the United States again." And they didn't wanna take a chance, and they didn't. And Iran was broke. They had no money for terror. But we did a hell of a job, and people are realizing it and I think that's why we're up in just about every poll, nationally, uh, swing states and now even your state.

That was a big story, you know, 'cause it came out two days ago and it showed we were one point down. Another one came -- 'Cause it came out two days ago, and it showed we were one point down. Another one came out, we were one point up. But when it came out that in Minnesota we're tied or up a little bit, or maybe down a -- just a little bit, everyone was so impressed.

And I'm saying like, why wouldn't we up, be up a lot? I have a friend, he's a very smart guy, but not political. And I had a poll come out last week, I'm up eight over Biden nationally. But, no. But his attitude was, "Could I ask you a question? How could you only be up eight points on this guy?" That was his, you know, a question I get a lot.

It's almost embarrassing, to be honest with you. Crooked Joe came in and turned our country into a dumping ground for other nations. They dump everything right into our country. In Venezuela, violent crime was 67% two months ago. It's now 72%. It's down. Violent crime in Venezuela is down 72% because they're taking their gangs and inmates and criminals and drug dealers and mental patients and people from all sorts of institutions that are trouble, and they deposit them in the wonderful USA. They're dumping everybody into the USA. Pretty soon, we're going to say, "Let's go for a vacation to Venezuela because it's safer than the United States." And I'm serious.

It is so terrible what they're doing. They're dumping from all over the world. The Congo, they come from the Congo. From prisons in the Congo in Africa. But they're coming from Africa. They're coming from Asia. They're coming from all over the world. They're coming from the Middle East. And they're coming from really bad places and they're putting them in our beautiful country.

They're destroying our country. This idiot, this stupid, stupid man is destroying our country. He doesn't know what the hell he's doing. He doesn't know what he's doing. Just days ago, an illegal alien was arrested in the sanctuary state of California. Isn't that wonderful, sanctuary? Sounds so nice, doesn't it? Sanctuary.

And charged with sadistically raping two women last week in the back of a windowless van that police said was disgustingly outfitted as a quote, "a rape dungeon on wheels." That's what it was. They went around raping women all over the place. Nobody did anything about it. Detectives believe this monster had many more victims whom he drove late at night into remote mountain areas, and in many cases would kill them.

When I return to the White House, we will stop the plunder, rape, slaughter, and destruction of our American suburbs, cities and towns. We're going to stop it fast. We will shut down immediately all deadly sanctuary cities. We're going to close them down. And you know, the people in sanctuary states, they don't want 'em. They really don't want 'em. It's not so bad if you would've said that five years ago, seven years ago.

But the people, they don't want 'em. They don't want that. They don't want sanctuary cities, it's the politicians that do. Somehow, it's good politically. I don't actually think it is, but we're going to shut 'em down. I'll shift massive portions of federal law enforcement to immigration enforcement. I came in and saved a couple of your cities, remember that.

You remember that, right? Remember? I came in with a big force that we saved. And Minneapolis, we really saved. Remember that idiot from CNN -- Oops, I shouldn't say that. I'm doing a debate for them. They'll be slightly tougher. Now I have Fake Tappers, the, uh -- they said, "I just wanna debate this guy, but, you know." And I'm gonna, I'm gonna demand a drug test, too, by the way.

I am. No, I really am. I don't want him coming in like the State of the Union. He was high as a kite. I said, is that Joe up there? Our beautiful Roe? And by the end of the evening he's like, "Well." He was exhausted right? Now were gonna demand drug test. But Fake Tapper and these people, they're gonna be fine.

They're gonna be fair. I think they're gonna be fair. And if they're not, you know, you have to deal with it, right? You have to deal with it. But I just wanted to except and you know, the only one he wanted to do it on, basically CNN and another one who could do two of them I guess. And they just agreed or something to a vice president debate.

I said, "How could I have a vice president debate? I haven't even picked?" I haven't picked the gentleman or woman yet. I haven't picked. A lot of people think it's that guy right there. I don't know who the hell it is. He's be very good. We have a lot of them would be good, Doug, right? We have a lot of good people.

But as you may know, in addition to the millions of people pouring across our order, Joe Biden is now reportedly planning to bring in massive numbers of Gazans from the Middle East and resettle them in American communities.

I can't believe you don't, with Tlaib and AOC plus three and all of these things, you don't like that. I'm surprised that Minnesota. I thought you were a very liberal place. I thought you were very liberal I'm so surprised. So disappointed. You've had enough! Right? You've had enough. They're saying in Minnesota, "I've done my share, let's end this stuff.

Let's end it." Now it's, uh, it's pretty amazing actually. How 'bout when they were flying 'em, did you see, they got caught two months ago? Everyone's, you know, they're pouring through but then we found out that they're flying them over the border, freely flying thousands and thousands of people over the borders into little towns and states, great states, that they didn't do anything to deserve this and they're being swamped now.

I just don't understand the thinking, you know? When really, you know, some people say, "You're conservative?" I say, "Yeah, I'm conservative, I guess." But I'm really more of a common sense person. I think we're the party of common sense. I'd almost rather --

And that means you need borders, you need a strong military, you need good education, try and get low interest rates, low taxes. But basically, it's sort of mostly common sense. Like we just went over men and womens -- which, we don't wanna have men in womens sports. It's actually very dangerous, you know.

Women are being very badly hurt. Now they wanna do boxing and they wanna have women in boxing. Can't do these things, okay? You can't do these things. And professional boxers know it very well because they play around. They say, "You can't have women in boxing." But they actually wanna have women in boxing.

The whole thing is crazy. And I think, you know, we're really the party of common sense. I'm making a speech in a week at, to the, uh, let's see, what would I call it? A couple of parties that generally don't vote for us. But they would be with us. They vote for that party and I'm making a speech it's a little bit of a secret right now but I'm making a speech to a certain group of people that get three or four percent.

You know who I'm talking about. Right? The libertarians, they're great people and they are based largely on common sense. And I say, you know, they get three or four percent -- the libertarians get three or four percent every year no matter who runs. And every one of those votes is a republican vote, wouldn't you say?

I mean, I think every one of those votes, Mr. Chairman, is a republican vote. And I'm gonna say, "Why aren't we doing this together? Why are we doing this?" You know, you're gonna get your three percent, you're gonna feel wonderful, but you're not gonna get anything. There's no value in that. But you add that three percent to us and we can't lose.

We'll win by record numbers. And that's basically my speech, it's very simple. That's basically my speech. But they'll be coming from one of the biggest terrorist havens on the planet, the place where the October 7th attack was planned. I mean, they're coming in from places like that and they're coming into our country.

And they launched the attack right from the areas where they're coming into our country. It's not, we can't let this happen. We hae to stop it. We're not gonna have a country. We're poisoning our country. These people will be impossible to vet, the vast majority support Hamas and even neighboring countries like Egypt and Jordan don't want 'em. You know, Jordan doesn't want 'em. Egypt doesn't want, they don't want 'em. But Crooked Joe Biden says, "We'll take 'em here." It's nothing but trouble.

You know, you've heard the snake quite a bit, right? Everybody heard the snake? I should have brought a --

I should have brought the snake but, but basically you take snakes, and you're gonna get bit. And we're taking people that are people that other people don't want and I guess for a reason. You know, neighbors don't wanna take 'em. Any of 'em. And it's a sad thing, it's a very sad thing. But we have to be very, very vigilant.

Look, we have a country that's very fragile. We have a country that could very quickly end up in World War III because we have stupid people running our country. We were guaranteed no wars. All of these things wouldn't have happened. Think of it. Ukraine wouldn't have happened. Inflation wouldn't have happened.

Israel attack wouldn't have happened. None of it would have happened. Presidency wouldn't be flying planes all over the place over Taiwan. He wasn't gonna do that. He woulda never done that with me as president. And everybody admits it, even the democrats admit it. But it's no wonder Joe Biden and his thugs are so desperate to stop us and they know that we are the only ones who can stop them.

You know, this MAGA movement, make America great again, Joe. You know the way he says, "We're gonna stop the America movement." He doesn't have any idea what MAGA means. No, he has no idea what MAGA means. We will stop the MAGA movement, pause. Oh. Pause. 'Member that one? This is what we're dealing with.

And you know in the debate, you know this, we'll have debates, I think, you know, we're gonna have this debate. We'll start off. If he makes it through the debate, and I think he will, they'll say it was the finest debate performance in history. There was no way that Trump could have competed with the intellect.

This, this is the greatest ever. I watched after that horrible State of the Union speech on CNN and MSDNC, where they go -- that's MS Democratic National Committee for those of you that aren't very -- MSDNC. It is MSDNC. Terrible people. Terrible, terrible, sick people. But I watched where they were saying how great this was.

This was the greatest performance since FDR. You know, FDR had the golden, the golden tone. And he would sit up and he'd give, uh, State of the Union speech. FDR, beautiful voice, beautiful, very highly educated guy, and beautiful tone. Uh, "We will fight. And nobody will beat us. We will fight and fight and fight." And you know, he'd do it so beautifully.

And then Joe Biden going, "Uh -- " Do you ever notice he's always like -- How the hell did this ever happen to our country?

There's always coughing but it's not like a cough. He puts his hand up -- Then he walks out and starts shaking people's hands. I don't wanna shake -- do you ever notice how many people don't wanna shake his hand? The people don't wanna shake his hand, it's disgusting. The radical left democrats rigged the Presidential Election in 2020 and we are not going to allow them to rig the Presidential Election in 2024.

Counting at you.

Thank you. Mr. Chairman, you have a lot of spirit in this room, you know, you're sittin' on a wild pony.

Chairman, you're sitting on a wild pony. You gotta pull that pony, you gotta get it going. Everybody has to get out and vote. That's the big thing.

Everyone. They told me to say, though, "Sir, could you please say -- " 'Cause we've got a lot of people. You know. Some people, they love us, but they don't tend to vote. I don't know, for whatever reason. But they love us, more than they've ever loved anybody, but they don't vote. We gotta get them out there vote.

We do that then, uh, they can cheat a little bit at least, you know? 'Cause, 'cause they will cheat a little bit. You know, you can't stop 'em. I saw a news announcer the other night on television, they were talking about a certain state. And they said, well, you have to win it by at least five or six states more because they cheat.

And th -- th -- they're talking about this on like, a program. I say, isn't that terrible when they're allowed to say that? Where they're allowed to say you have to win by six points because they cheat? So we can't do that but we're going to get everybody out to vote. There's more spirit now than there was in 2016 or 2020 and we got a lot of votes.

By, by a lot. Because they've had four years of watching. You know, when I did 2016, the border was a big issue. I almost got elected on the border. And the border was bad but it was nothing compared to this. It was like a peanut. It was like, five percent compared to this. I fixed the border and the border in 2020 was not an issue.

Just wasn't an issue. I used to tell my people backstage, these genius people, I say, "I wanna talk about the border." "Sir, they don't wanna hear about the border. You fixed it." I said, "Isn't that lousy? You do a good job you can't talk about it anymore." But we still got millions of votes more but I couldn't talk because we fixed it. But this border is many times worse.

This isn't just a little bit. This is many, many times worse than it was. It was, it was peanuts compared to what it is now. This is the worst border in the history of the world. There's never been a country in history that had a border like this that's leaking. And we have at least 15 or 16 million people.

That's bigger than almost every state. We have at least 15 or 16 mil -- million people, it could be much higher than that, and we have no idea who they are. And bad things are gonna happen and we have to get 'em out of here fast because bad, bad things are going to happen. Every time the radical left democrats, Marxists, communists and fascists indict me, I consider it a great badge of honor.

I really do, actually. You're lucky to have me instead of some stiff that would crawl into a corner.

They'd crawl into a corner. "Mommy, mommy, I don't like this job. Mommy, take me home," they'd say. I had so much fun, darling, uh, have a little bad news for you. Go home to our great first lady. She says hello, by the way.

They love our first lady. I had my very tall son get, today, he graduated from high school. All 6'9. 6'9. He was easy to spot. You look over there and then you have this one kid like 6'9. But he got good marks. He's a good boy and it was a big day, actually. You know, for a while, the judge said, you can't go to your, uh, son's graduation.

But, but he, uh, I, I -- it was a lot of people not happy about that. But it was a beautiful, it was a beautiful thing to watch. But if you think about what we're doing and what I'm doing, I'm being indicted for you. And never forget, our enemies want to take away my freedom because I will never let them take away your freedom.

True.

Thank you.

Thank you. They wanna silence me because I will never let them silence you and in the end-

-- they're not really after me. They're after you and I'm just standing in their way and always will. I'll be standing right in their way. They're not doing anything to you.

From the very first day that we take bake the White House from Crooked Joe Biden, I believe we're going to see some of the greatest years ahead ever with so much potential in our country that's untapped. They've just turned off everything. They've turned on a lot of things and they're all bad. Everything they did was just bad.

In my first four years, we ended the disaster known as NAFTA, the worst trade deal ever made in the history of our country and replaced it, everyone said, "You'll never be able to end it." We got it ended by Congress, right, Pete?

And replaced it with a brand new USMCA, the best trade deal ever made. It's a fantastic, giant win for Minnesota farmers and dairy produces and manufacturers and every one else. And I know it's good because Mexico and Canada are dying to change it. They're trying to get to change it, and this guy will probably give 'em a change.

Don't do it, Joe, don't do it. I took on Communist China like no administration in history, bringing hundreds of billions of dollars pouring into our treasury when no other president had gotten even ten cents from, not ten cents from China. And I think I made people aware that China is a threat, certainly an economic threat.

And, uh, we took in hundreds of billions of dollars from China. I then gave $28 billion, as I said, to the farmer and in my next term, I will pass the Trump Reciprocal Trade Act. You know what that is?

If China or any other country makes us pay a single dime, if they make us pay, let's say a hundred or 200 percent tariff, which they do, we will make them pay a reciprocal tariff of 100 or 200 percent right back. In other words, you screw us and we screw you. And you know, a lot of politicians, a lot of senators, they, they -- one of them is not that much into the economic world.

And I said, "I want your support." We were all set to do that until COVID came and then we had to focus on the COVID stuff which was a terrible, you know, gift from China. But, and we did a great job on it, with the therapeutics and everything else. But, but think -- and when we left the stock market, it was higher than it was pre-COVID. I've been sort of an amazing thing.

We did a good job. When -- we never got credit. We -- I got credit for the military, I got credit for knocking out ISIS. Soleimani, Al-Baghdadi. I got a lot of credit. Space Force. But we never got credit for the job we did, for the job we did, you know, with this, uh, unknown dust that happened to fly in from, uh, China, the pandemic, the, as they call it, COVID, as I call it, the China virus.

We wanna be accurate. A gift from China. But unlike Joe Biden who will destroy Medicare and Social Security with his border invasion -- you know, when you let millions of people come into our country, you're destroying Medicare. You're destroying your hospitals. You're destroying Social Security. I'll always protect Medicare and Social Security for our great seniors.

They deserve it. They deserve it. They have to be protected. We'll never change it. N -- and I didn't change it. We've also gotten abortion out of the federal government and back to the states, which is a very big thing. Something we have to talk about because a lot of republican politicians really don't know how to talk about it. If you remember, what, when you look at Roe v. Wade, the big thing was getting it out of the federal government.

Every legal scholar, every legal analyst, everybody wanted it back. Democrats wanted it. Everybody wanted it back. And we got it back. We took it back and we put it into the hands of the states and now it's up to the people. The people are voting all over the country. They just voted in Ohio and frankly, it was a more liberal vote than a lot of people thought.

But what it is, is it's the vote of the people. They just voted in Kansas, it was a far more -- we won both those states by a lot but it was a far more liberal vote and in some cases, you have a little bit of the opposite. But we took it out of the federal government where it never belonged. And this used to be only a question of, "Will it be in the federal government?

Is it in the federal government?" Nobody wanted it in the fed -- they wanted it back in the states and now the states are deciding and I think we've made an issue that was a very nasty issue, a very complex issue, very bad issue, frankly, I think we've made it much simpler and I think that we've made it much more fair.

If the radical democratic screamers get their way, they will have a federal law for abortion in the seventh, eighth, ninth month and even --

-- executing a baby after birth. If you remember the governor, the former governor, Democrat, of Virginia, he said, "We'll talk to the mother, we'll talk to the father. If the baby is born, we'll put the baby aside." And then essentially said, "We'll execute the baby after, after birth. We'll make a decision on what to do with a baby." -- the baby after, after birth.

We'll make a decision on what to do with the baby. We don't want that. They're the radical ones. We're not the radical ones. They're the radical ones, and you have to remember it. And you also have to remember that every voter has to go with your heart. You have to go with your heart and your beliefs and do what's right, but you have to think about one thing.

We have to get elected. You have to get elected, and if you can't get elected, then not only the abortion issue, but you have many, many other issues that are very powerful, very big issues, like issues that run our country. We have to get elected. So I want to thank the six Supreme Court Justices, Clarence Thomas, Samuel Alito, John Roberts, Brett Kavanaugh, Neil Gorsuch and Amy Coney Barrett, for the wisdom and the courage that they showed on this long-term, very contentious issue.

And getting it back to the States puts the question where it belongs, with a vote of the people. It puts it, really, where  the vote of the people. And it's really, uh -- It's been sort of amazing because it's really calmed down a lot. I think you see that, um, it's calmed down a lot. It's now a vote of the people, and our country can finally come together.

This issue has been going along for 51 years, and it's been very, very nasty. It's been a rough issue and, until maybe 10 years ago, all they talked about was they wanted to get it back to the states. We brought it back to the states, and now the states are deciding and people are coming together. So it's very interesting to watch actually, but I want to thank the justices.

Before I even arrive at the Oval Office shortly after we win the presidency, we win. And so, all of us, we're gonna win it together. I will have the horrible war between Russia and Ukraine settled. I'll get -- I know both of them very well. And we will build a great Iron Dome over our country, a dome like has never been seen before, a state-of-the-art missile defense shield that will be entirely built in America and create job, job, jobs.

And much of it will be built actually in a place called Minnesota. A lot of it's going to be built right here. We're one of the nations that are be -- but don't you think -- You know, I watch Israel and I watch those rockets go up, 300 rockets go up, and virtually every one of them is knocked down. Well, we're a big target.

And the the level of power, the level of, uh, power of these weapons, and especially the nuclear weapons, the power is so incredible. We deserve to have a dome like other countries have domes, like Israel has a dome. Think of Israel without the dome, without the Iron Dome or whatever you want to call it. But that's what it is, and it was largely manufactured and was largely conceived by us. We can do something that will be so incredible.

It really will be a safety net, and I think we deserve to have it. And, again, it's made in the USA. It really works. I mean, they shut down every, I think, every missile. Maybe one got through, but they shut down close to 300 missiles. Now, think of what would happen if they didn't have it. 300 missiles?

You might not even have an Israel right now. We need that same kind of protection for ourselves. We have to have it it. And we'll do it, and we'll do it at the highest level. It'll be an amazing thing. We're going to give our police back their protection, and we're gonna give them back their respect. As president, when the riders came to burn down Minneapolis, I insisted on sending in the National Guard to save this city.

I saved your city. Remember though, Velshi? Velshi? I remember Velshi then, "Uh, this is a peaceful, uh, protest. This is largely peaceful." The entire city was burning down behind him. You remember the scene? The fire looked like it went for miles. He's saying, "Uh, this is a peaceful protest." And then somebody threw something.

It hit him on the leg and he went down. Right? He went down. He's down. He's down. It's a peaceful -- It was real peaceful. You lost half of your damn city. If you didn't have me president, you wouldn't have Minneapolis today, and you wouldn't have had a couple of other cities that we saved or little beautiful areas that we saved.

We saved them for you, but what -- I'll never forget the scene of this guy screaming that, "This is peaceful. It's peaceful," and people are throwing everything at him, including bullets. Unbelievable. Unbelievable. Where are they coming from? Under my leadership, we will stand up to the radical Marxist DAs who have set loose thousands of dame -- dangerous, horrible, dangerous criminals onto our streets.

We're going to rebuild our cities into beacons of hope, safety and beauty better than they've ever been before. We will take over the horribly-run capital of our nation in Washington, DC, and clean up, renovate and rebuild our capital so that it's no longer a nightmare of murder and crime, but, rather, it will become the most beautiful capital anywhere in the world.

And it will be safe for people of Minnesota to go and see those wonderful monuments, to -- monumental people. It will be safe. It's a cesspool of crime and graffiti right now. You have to see our capital, what happened to our capital. We're gonna clean it up, make it more beautiful than it ever was. It'd be the most beautiful capital in the world.

On day one, I will sign a new executive order to cut Federal funding for any school pushing critical race theory, transgender insanity and any other inappropriate, racial, sexual or political content onto the lives of our children. Yeah, and I will not give one penny to any school that has a vaccine mandate or a mask mandate and, as you've already heard tonight, I will keep men immediately out of women's sports.

Is that okay? I will fully uphold our great but very under-siege Second Amendment. We're gonna with -- withhold the powers and the beauty of our Second Amendment. We need our Second Amendment probably more than we've ever needed it before. It's under siege. Tomorrow, I go to Texas. I go to Dallas, and I'm speaking before the NRA. There's a rumor that they're gonna give me their full endorsement.

So that's a nice endorsement to get. That's a rumor. I don't know anything. I don't know what they -- I don't know. Don't say it. It's only a rumor. Maybe they're gonna give it to Doug. Who the hell knows? We will protect innocent life and we will restore free speech. And I will secure our election, so, importantly, you have to have borders and you have to have free, fair elections.

Our goal will be one-day voting with paper ballots, proof of citizenship and voter ID. We will have voter ID. But until then, Republicans must win. We have to win to put us in that position where we can make these changes. They're not drastic changes. You know, I, I've negotiated over the last number of years with the Democrats about voting, and they never want to give up on something called voter ID. Can you believe it? It's just a little tag like this is me and this is "I want to vote", pictures sort of look similar.

It doesn't even have to be perfect. It's won't take any -- They don't want to give it up. You know why? Because they want to cheat. They want to cheat. There's only one reason. "We won't give you voter ID with the meeting starting off." "All right, we're all set to start, sir, but, uh, we will not give up on voter ID." "Why?" "Because you're cheaters.

That's why. Then you'd -- The meeting, it starts there and it ends there. Well, they don't want to give up voter ID. We want a landslide in your state, and we want a landslide in our nation. We have a chance to have it. That is too big to rig. Okay? Too big to rig. Remember, I used to say five. I used to say five.

This was six months ago. Now, I say 10, and I think I could make it probably 20. If you took the 10 worst presidents in the history of the United States and added them up, they would not have done near the destruction to our country as crooked Joe Biden and the Biden administration have done. It's true. You take the 10 worst presidents in the history of our country, the 10 worst, they will not have done the damage that this guy has done to our country.

Just on the border alone, what he's done? Afghanistan, the most embarrassing day in the history of our country. That's -- It's not, not even possible to think a thing like that could happen. He took the soldiers out first. No, you stupid guy. You take the soldiers out last. And I was all set to do it. We were leaving with dignity and strength. 21 years was enough.

But we are keeping Bogram because it's one hour away. As I said, the Chinese wanted their nuclear weapons, but we were going to leave with dignity and strength. Instead, we left $85 billion worth of equipment behind. We lost Americ -- We left Americans. Right now, they're behind. Right now, there's hundreds of Americans that didn't get out, and we lost 13 unbelievable soldiers and 38 horrifically wounded that nobody ever talks about, horrifically wounded, no legs, no arms, no face, everything.

And that's what happened to us because we're stupid. We are run by stupid people. You know, I dealt with the head of the Taliban, which is really the ones that do the killing and the ones that run Afghanistan. I dealt with -- His name was Abdul, and I said, "Abdul, don't kill our people anymore. Don't do it, and I can't really explain it. This is too tough." But I said, "We will hit you so hard, harder than we've ever hit anybody, Abdul.

Don't do it," "But why? But why do you send me a picture of my home?" he said to me. And I said, "Abdul, you have to ask one of your wives and not us. I'm not giving it to you." But I said, "I will -- We will hit you so hard," and, you know what, for 18 months, we didn't have one soldier killed in Afghanistan, not even a soldier shot at. And then we had a rigged election.

Biden took over. We had a rigged election, really big, badly rigged. Biden took over, and look at wha -- what's happened to our country? But just there, when they saw this guy, they went wild. And don't kid yourself. When Putin saw that horrible withdrawal, that stupid, incompetent withdrawal, Milley and all these guys that didn't know what the hell they were doing, when he saw that, he said, "Wow, these guys are incompetent.

Now I can finally go in and do my number on Ukraine," which was always the apple of his eye, but he would have never done that if it was me. But we would have never given him the power to do it. The other thing they did was energy. The energy went up to close to $100 a barrel. So all of a sudden, he's making a fortune by going into a war.

And we allowed that to happen because we had people running that are grossly incompetent. And don't kid yourself. The biggest risk we have is the next five months. We have five months of danger to our country. We could end up in World War III because of this lunatic. We could end up in World War III, and I mean it. And one thing you'll never have with me, you'll never have a war.

You know Viktor Orbn. He's the head of, you know that, Hungary, very tough guy, considered to be very tough. He's the prime minister of Hungary. They said, "What's going on with the world? The world is coming between Israel and Ukraine, and China flying planes all over Taiwan. You can see they're just itching to take that one.

What's going on?" he said. "Only one thing, Trump isn't here. If Trump was here, none of this would be happening." He said they were afraid of Trump. I don't want to use that language because I don't want people to think, oh, they're afraid of Trump, Trump, Trump, but they respected me. But he said, "No. No. Trump, they were afraid of Trump.

They didn't know what the hell to do with Trump. They wouldn't have ne -- They would have never done it." And it is true. There's no way Putin would have gone in. There's no way Xi would be doing what he's doing right now. And October 7th, that would have never happened. And you know what else, a little something to add on? You wouldn't have had inflation.

We had no inflation because our energy prices were low. The energy caused the inflation. No wonder it went up so much. So if you want to save America, register, get an absentee or a mail-in ballot. Vote early and vote on Election Day. You have to. You, whether you vote early or not, you know, people are disputing, "Well, I want to vote on Tuesday." A lot of Republicans want, but whether you do it early, you vote on Tuesday.

You gotta make sure you, you go and vote. You gotta get out and vote. You gotta people that love us. They love everything we say, but they're just not used to voting. They're just not used to. They have to do it. You know it's an amazing thing. Uh, people that have guns, people that legitimately have guns, they love guns and they use guns for the right purpose and, uh, they're not -- These are not criminals, but they tend to vote very little, and yet they have to vote for us. There's nobody else to vote for because the Democrats want to take their guns away, and they will take their guns away.

So you gotta get all your friends that love us, respect us, but they just typically don't vote, members of the NRA. That's why I'm going to be talking to the NRA tomorrow. I'm going to say, "You gotta get out and vote." This year, election season in Minnesota begins on September 20th and goes all the way to November 5th. Isn't that ridiculous, by the way?

You know what that does? It gives them the right to cheat because all those days, all those weeks and weeks and weeks, and those ballots are sitting on the floor with water pouring all over them, and they shovel them. They use sh --  what it's like? We're like a Third World country. This is going to be the most important election in the history of our country.

I believe that so much. I used to say it with 2016, but -- and I believed it, and then we straightened it out. We had a great economy. We rebuilt our military. We did so much. We created space force. We did so much, and I didn't have to say it in 2020. I didn't consider that the most important election. This is the most important election by far that we've ever had, much more important than 2016. And in conclusion, today, we're taking on some of the most menacing forces and vicious opponents, uh, people that our people haven't ever seen.

We've never seen anything like what's happening. But no matter how hateful and corrupt the communists and criminals we're fighting against may be, you must never forget this is not a nation that belongs to them. This is a nation that totally belongs to you. It belongs to you. This is your home. This is your heritage, and our American Liberty is your God-given right.

From Rochester to Duluth, from Marshall to Minneapolis, and from St. Cloud to St. Paul, this state has pioneered. I mean, you have been pioneered by men and women who braved the wilderness and the frontier to build a life for themselves and their families. And they love your state and they love our country.

They were farmers and miners and manufacturers and shipbuilders, soldiers and lumberjacks, and they help build this country into the single greatest nation in the history of the world. But, now, we are a nation in decline. We are a failing nation. We are a nation that has lost its confidence and willpower and strength.

Think of that. We are a nation that has lost its confidence. But we are not going to allow this horror to continue. Less than four years ago, we were a great nation. We were respected all over the world. Everybody respected us, and we will soon be a great nation again. It was hardworking patriots like you who built this country, and it's hardworking patriots like you who are going to save our country.

We will fight for America like no one has ever fought before. We don't have a choice. 2024 is our final battle. With you at my side, we will demolish the Deep State. We will expel the warmongers from our government. We will drive out the globalist. We will cast out the communist, Marxist and fascists. We will throw off the sick political class that hates our country.

We will route the fake-news media. We will drain the swamp, and we will liberate our country from these tyrants and villains once and for all. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you very much. Like those patriots before us, we will not bend. We will not break. We will not yield, and we will never give in. We will never give up, and we will never ever, ever back down. With your support, we will go on to victory the likes of which no one has ever seen before. We will evict the worst president in the history of our country from the White House on November 5th, 2024. The great silent majority is rising like never before and, under our leadership, the forgotten man and woman will be forgotten no longer like four year ago.

You were not forgotten, but you are forgotten now. We are one movement, one people, one family and one glorious nation under God and, together, we will make America powerful again. We will make America wealthy again. We will make America strong again. We will make America proud again. We will make America safe again.

We will make America free again, and we will make America great again. Thank you, everybody. Thank you. Thank you, Minnesota. God bless you everybody. God bless you. God bless you, man. Thank you.