Thank you. Thank you.  Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much. Wow, what a crowd this one is, huh? What a crowd.  Even up in the rafters. I don't know. You guys OK? Can you see that? Hello up there. I have some friends up there. They couldn't get seats. Can you believe this? Thank you very much, everybody.

It's great to be in Milwaukee. We love Milwaukee.  And a very special welcome to -- we love this place, right? We got it, the ship contract. We got it, the biggest shipping contract. You know that. We love being in Wisconsin. I'm thrilled to be back in this beautiful state with thousands of proud, hardworking American patriots.

That's what you are. And we have a country that's going to hell, but we're going to turn it around very fast. And I'd like to begin with a very simple question, very simple. Are you better off now than you were four years ago?  So, I've come today with a message of hope for all Americans with your beautiful vote.

We don't want your money. I don't want your money. I want your damn vote, OK?  We want that vote. I will end inflation. I will stop the criminal invasion of our country, the biggest problem we have right now, and I will bring back the American dream. And this is all you really need to know.

We have somebody who's grossly incompetent as -- I guess -- I don't know. Is she the vice president, the president? Is she a contender? What the hell is she? Kamala broke it, and I will fix it, and we'll fix it very quickly. And America will be bigger, better, bolder, richer, safer, and stronger than ever before.

It's going to be. You watch. This is going to be so much fun. That's the good thing about that little slippage that they had, that little -- you know, because it showed how bad they are. It showed how bad they are. And there's never been spirit like we had. There's never been any race that we've ever had in the history of this country that's had this kind of spirit.

So, I just want to thank everybody.  This election is a choice between whether we will have four more years of gross incompetence and failure or whether we'll begin the four greatest years in the history of our country. They're going to be the four greatest years. And I'm asking you to -- it's very hard for you to do this, to be honest with you, because you look at what's happened to our country, and how the hell can you do this? But I'm asking you anyway to be excited about the future of our country again, just be excited.

We're going to turn it around. And I'm asking you, dream big, the American dream. Just dream big. We're bringing it back. This will be America's new golden age. It's going to be the golden age. Look at this place. I mean, what the hell? How do you beat it? How do you beat it, huh?  How's Eric doing? I think very well.

Oh, boy. He's a great guy. He's a great-looking guy, too. Sometimes, I'd say maybe he'd be better off without that mustache. I'm not sure. He looks so -- he's such a handsome guy. I said, "I don't know." But, you know, I guess you'd better leave it because I hear you're leaving, so we have to leave the mustache, right? And you're doing great, Eric.

Boy, oh, boy, we love it. We love it. We love this whole place. We had a little event here, you know, recently. You know that, right? That was the convention. We had the convention, and I had a little -- I had a little patch on my ear, excuse me, a little patch. I said, "I don't know." I was a little embarrassed walking out with the patch, but there's nothing you can do about some things, right? Every problem facing us can be solved.

But now, the fate of our nation is in your hands. It really is. We win this state, we win the whole thing. You know that.  On Tuesday, you have to stand up, and you have to tell Kamala that you've had enough, that you can't take it anymore. She's been the worst vice president in the history of our country.

And you remember, just five months ago, everybody was saying, "She can't run. She's grossly incompetent." She was the worst vice president in history. We're not going to take it anymore, Kamala. You're fired. Get the hell out of here.  So, today was the last day for in-person early voting for most of Wisconsin.

There's a little tiny section, but I'm not going to get into the detail. But you still have until Sunday to vote early here in Milwaukee as well as in Madison and Green Bay and Racine. Racine. We love Racine. We just left Green Bay. We had a great event. Was anybody at the one in Green Bay? That was a good one.

That was -- how's your football team? You know what I liked? I love Brett Favre. And we got a call from Brett, and you have to -- I mean, he's a great guy, and boy, what a player. I shook his hand. I said, "Man, that hand is -- that's the biggest hand I've ever seen." His fingers were like sausages. That's why he could throw a ball 80 yards, right? No, he was great, but he wanted -- he never did it before.

It's such an honor because he never did it before.  Thank you very much. No, Brett never did that before. You know, as an athlete, it's hard to do a little bit. You can't do it. You lose some fans maybe. Who knows? Crazy people that say, "Oh, I don't like him because he likes somebody."

But Brett was great, and we had an unbelievable day. And to get his endorsement -- and he wanted to do it right here. He wanted to do it right in Wisconsin. Any place, he said, in Wisconsin, and he gave me a full endorsement. and that was a great honor, right? That was a great honor. Great guy.  He could really rip that ball.

So, thank you very much to Brett. So, get everyone you know. You have to do it. You have to vote, vote, vote. We're going to win this thing, and we're going to win it big, and I'd love to win it right here. I'd love it. And if you haven't voted early, just come on Tuesday. We don't care at this point.

We don't care when you vote. Just make sure you vote. And if you see anybody cheating, you know what you do? You know what you do? Report them immediately. No, we're doing -- we're doing great. We're leading just about -- I think all seven swing states, we're leading, but don't listen to me now. Don't listen.

Just pretend we're one down, right? We're one point down, please. We don't want to say, "Oh, we don't have to vote today, Alice, because he's leading." No, don't do that. We've seen that stuff happen. We don't want to do that.  Oh, the mic. Yeah, I think the mic stinks.

I think it stinks. All right. Crazy, crazy. Oh, that's what -- I was wondering what the hell they were shouting. I think this mic stinks, by the way. And then we don't pay the contractor. I say, "Don't pay the contractor," then they write a story. "Trump doesn't pay his bills. He's a bad guy." No, the mic is terrible.

It was -- I had another one today. You know what? I've done three of these today. Somebody said -- somebody said, "Maybe what we could do is maybe we could just skip the last one." I said, "There's no way I'm skipping. There's no way." And this is the best one of all. Look at this place.  Thank you.

The ladies from North Carolina, 259 of these, they've come to. Look at them. They're beautiful. I don't know where the hell their husbands are. They're married. All of them are married, but they're great. And thank you very much. We're coming -- we're rounding the turn, aren't we, huh? We're rounding the turn.

And we have Front Row Joes over here. Look at them. And we have Mr. Wall over here. You know, it is sort of sad. Is that mic now better back there?  Oh, that pisses me off. They don't -- they don't get it. Well, the mic at Madison Square Garden worked very well. Was that a great event?  But honestly, it was basically the same, the same crowd as you have here, right? Same thing, your NBA arena, your team is very good.

I would say the Greek is a seriously good player. Do you agree?  And tell me, who has more Greek in him, the Greek or me? I think we have about the same, right? He is some -- he's a great player, maybe the best player in the NBA, actually. He may be the best player. He's supposed to be a very good guy, too.

But with your help, we're going to defeat Kamala Harris, and we're going to make America great again.  Thank you very much. Thank you. So, in breaking news, the economy created a pitiful -- you won't even believe this. The economy stinks. What timing, what timing. Four days before the election, they have among the worst numbers ever in history nobody's ever heard.

They did 12,000 jobs. Normally, you're 250,000, 300,000, 400,000, They did 12,000. Think of it, 12,000 jobs.  And it's hundreds of thousands of jobs less than it should be because they're pathetic. They don't know anything. These people don't know anything. She's a very low-IQ person. We don't need a low-IQ individual.

We just had that for four years. We don't need this. But those numbers are so low. They're almost disqualifying. The only thing good about the numbers I'm going to give you now are that it's great to run against the people that created those numbers because it's terrible. And just think a few months ago, they fraudulently claimed -- remember? Three months ago, 818,000 jobs.

It was a fraud. Everything they do is a fraud, and then they go after people that aren't frauds. They're a fraud. The whole operation stinks. But they created 818,000 fake jobs, and they thought they'd get away with it. And a whistleblower blew the whistle, and they blew the whistle. They thought they were going to announce -- they call it a correction.

That's a hell of a correction, by the way. That will be the world's biggest correction in history. What do you think, Ron Johnson? That's the biggest correction, was it? You know, corrections are meant for like 700 jobs, not almost a million jobs. But now, they've just revised the past jobs number, right, your last month, and they revised it downward by 112,000 fake jobs.

So, these guys are playing fast and loose. These are crooked people we're dealing with. The people we're running against are crooked as hell. So, that's almost a million fake jobs. And I think it's something that Congress ought to look into, really. They ought to look into -- who the hell ever heard of these numbers? And they wanted to revise them after the election.

Could you imagine if you lost the election? And then two days later, we've revised the numbers downward, 1 million jobs. Nobody's ever heard of it. But we thank you, Mr. Whistleblower. You know, some whistleblowers are very good. Kamala's failed economic agenda wiped out nearly 30,000 private sector jobs and nearly 50,000 manufacturing jobs in just the last month.

Do you believe this? Nobody's ever heard of these numbers. Even I -- I mean, I know they're incompetent, but I thought they were sort of riding along a little bit on what we built. With almost 100,000 manufacturing jobs killed since the beginning of the year, 100,000. That's a lot. A hundred and fifty thousand -- these are all the numbers coming out of the so-called government, great government we have.

One hundred and fifty thousand Americans joined the unemployment rolls last month. This is like a depression. And there's nothing -- I mean, no event. I think they're trying to blame it on the hurricane. No, that was, you know, a little -- a relatively small area. No, not the hurricane, not the hurricane.

They're the hurricane. And nearly a quarter of a million people dropped out of the labor force, which is almost unheard of. No, no, these are the worst numbers anybody's ever heard of. The data shows that 100 percent, listen to this part, of all new jobs, net job gains in the past year have gone to illegal migrants.

And the jobs were taken from African Americans, Hispanic Americans, and union workers. I don't think the unions are too happy about this. But I told you this was going to happen. It was inevitable. They're letting millions and millions of people flood into the country, and the African American population -- if you see these numbers now -- they're going to release them.

But I think maybe, Ron, you should try and get them early because they're really bad. They have taken so many jobs away from African Americans, less from Hispanic, but that's going to catch up. But the African American job picture is unbelievable. And we had it going so good, but they've come in illegally, and they've taken the jobs.

And people that have had jobs for 20 years and good jobs, and they raised the family, they had a little house and everything nice, and they've now lost their job to illegal migrants that have poured in through the open-border policy of that stupid person. Kamala's inflation nightmare has, think of this, has cost the typical American family $30,000.

Think of that one. Higher prices because the inflation is just raised. And, you know, it started when they played around with my energy. I had no inflation. We had the greatest energy we've ever had. I was going to have it four times higher by now. And we're going to do that, but we got a little bit of a delay because -- and we were going to have it four times higher.

We were going to take care of Asia. We're going to take care of Europe. We're going to take care -- we're going to make a fortune, start paying down debt. We have 35 trillion in debt. We're going to lower your taxes. I gave you the largest tax cut in the history of our country and the largest regulation cuts, and we were able to do more.

Thank you. Thank you. And now, she wants to impose the largest tax hike in American history on top of everything else and raise your taxes by more than $3,000 a year. Is everybody happy?  I don't want to ruin your night, but don't worry. We're going to make it good. We're going to -- you got to suffer a little bit to get them out.

Get those people out. They're grossly incompetent. I stand before you today as the only candidate who can rescue our economy from total obliteration and restore it to strength, prosperity, and actual greatness. We're going to restore you to greatness.  As the just-released numbers plainly indicate, the economy is now a disaster.

And are you listening to this press? They're the most dishonest human beings on Earth. Are you listening to this?  These people, you know, whenever I look at them, they turn the cameras off. The red lights go off like -- you see them all go. They don't want any part of it. Now, that's a lot of press.

That's a lot of cameras going so late at night. But no, we're going to -- we're going to bring it back, and we're going to bring it back fast. You know what we're going to do. We're going to drill, baby, drill. We're going to get the energy down. It's going to come down. We're going to drill, baby, drill.

But I don't know if you know it, the -- their economy is expected to get significantly worse. How does it get worse than that? It's really bad. Top Wall Street analysts like Scott Bessent, who is one of the most brilliant guys on Wall Street, he said that the only reason the stock market is up is because everyone thinks Trump is going to win the presidency.

That's pretty good. That's pretty -- we had a great stock market. Can you imagine if Kamala won? You would go down to a 1929-style depression. I believe that, too. No, that would crush your incomes and kill millions of jobs and wipe out your savings. We're not going to let that happen. You got to get out and vote.

Just got to get out. I don't like to say, you know, when I win. No. I get -- I sort of say -- should I say when or if?  You know -- I know, but it sounds a little braggadocio, right? All right. When I win, you are four days away from the best jobs, the biggest paychecks, and the brightest economic future the world has ever seen.

Thank you. That's so nice. Thank you. Thank you. I will massively cut taxes for workers and small businesses, and we will have no tax on tips, no tax on overtime, and for our seniors, ready? No tax on Social Security benefits. And I am going to -- this was given to me by a friend of mine. Actually, this was given to me by a great political reporter, a she, said, "Sir, why don't you support and give a tax credit for family caregivers who take care of a parent or a loved one?" I said, "That's a good idea."

So, we're going to do that. You know, if you didn't have those people, you would not have enough hospitals in this country to take care of anything. You'd need to double your hospitals, and you still -- those are the greatest people on Earth, and they do it with love, and we're going to get them a tax credit.

Is that OK? It's about time. To rapidly reduce inflation, I will end Kamala's war on American energy. We're going to drill, baby, drill. We're going to frac, frac, frac. You know, she goes, and she says, "Oh, no, I've always wanted to frac." This woman, she's the worst liar. Look, I had to go and beat Crooked Hillary Clinton.

She's crooked as a $4 bill. You know, I've never held a microphone up so long in my damn life. It's like I'm weightlifting. Sucker's heavy. But she's crooked as hell, right? Crooked Hillary. But she was less -- like, she didn't lie this way. This woman, "Trump is going to do -- he's going to terminate your Social Security in his first week in office."

No, no, no. I'm the one that's going to keep it going. No increases in age. "He's going to ruin Medicare. He's going to do that." I see her today. She's at a news conference. First of all, she's exhausted. She looks like -- no, she's exhausted, right? Man. And you know what? I've gone 62 days, no days off.

I've done so many. I've done so many.  Thank you. Thank you very much. No, I've gone 62 days. Today is an example. Yesterday, I started off in New Mexico. You know why? It's not really a swing state, but it's a state that likes me a lot. It's got a thing called a border, and it's an open sieve, and people are pouring in by the thousands and thousands and doing a lot of destruction and doing a lot of crime.

And I went there. We had a massive crowd. You couldn't even see the end of it. It was like early in the day on a regular weekday. And today, I was in Michigan. We were all over the place. We were in Michigan, but I said -- and Michigan is very important. You know, we're leading in Michigan. You know why? I'm going to bring back -- I'm going to bring back the car business, a little thing like that.

You know, I told them today, a year ago, I heard through a friend of mine who builds plants. He's a great plant builder, the best and the biggest in the world. He's building this massive plant, and I wanted to see it. I said, "I want to see the plant you're building." He goes, "Well, it's not in the U.S."

I said, "Then I don't want to see it. I'm not interested. I have no interest. Where is it?" "It's in Mexico." "Who owns it?" "China." They're building this massive -- they didn't start it. They're building this massive plant right on the border, so they can make cars, sell them into the United States, and destroy the rest of Detroit, take all the business away from Michigan and, in all fairness, Tennessee and South Carolina and lots of other places and you, to a lesser extent, but you, too.

But they're going to build this big plant, and I didn't like it. I said, "That's killer." You know, they're trying to solve the Detroit situation, and we want to bring back company -- and we're going to bring them back because -- you know why? The most beautiful word in the entire dictionary, you know what it is? It's tariff.

The tariff. You're going to become so rich with the word tariff. You're going to become rich as hell. You're not going to know what to do with the money. I'm telling you, you're going to become very rich. The word tariff. And so, I told them, and I was at the Detroit Economic Club. It was beautiful, and I was giving a talk.

And I saw the guy that told me that they're going to start building a big plant in Mexico, right on the border. And he was in the audience. John, his name is. He's, I think, the biggest in the world at this stuff. He's very good. And he told me, if you asked me to build an apartment, I couldn't build it or a road.

They couldn't lay the asphalt. But a plant, he has no problem with, with computers all over the place and robots. Lots of robots, by the way. So, I said, "Well, how's that going?" I was making a speech, and I saw him right about there, where that very beautiful girl is. I'm not allowed to say that. See the beautiful blond girl right there? I said -- no, you know, that's the end of your political career when you do that.

You're not allowed to call anybody beautiful anymore. If you do, it's the end of your political career. Ron Johnson would never do that. That's why he's a great politician. No. Right where that young lady is, John is sitting there, and I called him. I said, "Could you come back?" And he comes backstage.

Thank you very much.  Fix the mic. Oh, you got to be kidding. Do you want to see me knock the hell out of people backstage? Do you want to see me --  I don't mind if they want to come up a little forward or something, but it's a pretty stupid situation, but that's OK.

I get so angry. I'm up here seething. I'm seething. I'm working my ass off with this stupid mic. I'm blowing out my left arm. Now, I'm going to blow out my right arm, and I'm blowing out my damn throat, too, because of these stupid people. I'll make you a deal. Pretend you're listening to it perfectly, and I'll come back and do another one, OK, with a decent -- it's so stupid.

And, you know, the only thing I asked for -- I don't care about lighting. I don't care about teleprompters because I never read the damn things anyway. By the way, isn't it nice to have a president that doesn't need a freaking teleprompter?  But I don't ask for much. I don't ask for much.

The only thing I ask for is a good mic, and this is the second time today that this happened. So, now, if I was in -- if I were the president, and you know, like a dopey guy like this, Kelly, the guy's a total moron, and that happened. I'd fire him, and everybody would say, gee, I'm such a bad person.

You're not bad. You fire people when -- for instance, the generals that destroyed us in Afghanistan, every one of them should have been fired, should have been fired.  Hello? Hello? I don't think so. Hello? Is that better? Is that better?  That's terrible. Is that better back there?  Is that yes or no? Oh, what crap.

The only thing I asked for is a mic. You don't have to give me -- I don't even need a stage. I don't give a damn. Give me a good mic. And I went through two of these today, and it knocks the hell out of your throat. But so far, I'm doing OK, right? OK. Is that better? Yeah. And did you notice, I also -- I came in today, and you know, this is after four of these things.

I mean, in all fairness, I mean, I'm a human being, right? I come in, and here's the problem. I said, "Oh, man, it's too low." I said, "It's too low." So, I had to go -- way too low. Way too low. So, I walk in, and I say, "Shit." There's nothing worse than -- I walk in like this, and I'm -- did you notice? I was bending over like this.

Hello. And then everybody says, "Is there something wrong with his back? What the hell is wrong with that guy?" They're saying, "He's cognitively impaired and physically impaired. There's something wrong with him." All because I have guys that are stupid back there. All right. What are you going to do? What are you going to do, right? Oh, what a shame.

But we're going to come back. I'm going to give you a free performance back in that corner. You got a bad area back there. But I think this is better. I think it's probably better. But what we're doing is we're going to cut your price of energy in half in 12 months. You are -- because we have more liquid gold under our feet than Russia, than Saudi Arabia, than anybody.

Oh, that sounds much better. Does that sound better?  Oh, that's good. Now, I don't have to come back. But we're going to cut it because we have all this beautiful liquid gold, and we're going to cut it, and it's going to drive everything down. It's going to be -- you're going to get -- OK, ready? January 20th -- first of all, you're going to vote November 5th.

You're going on Tuesday. That's number one because we got to get -- I don't like talking about -- like people are coming up to me, my staff over here who are great, "Sir, I'd like to recommend some people." I said, "I don't want to talk about any people. First, I want to win." Right? We don't want to talk about people.

Don't tell me about people. Everybody wants a job. Remember, there was a moment where they were saying, "Oh, nobody wants to work for Trump. He's too difficult." Let me tell you a little secret. They die to work for us. You know why? Because they all want to be this glamor deal. They want to be in this beautiful administration.

They want to be secretary of State. No, they say, "Sir, nobody wants to work for you. Nobody wants to be secretary of State and be known famous for the rest of your life. Nobody wants to be secretary of the Treasury." Nobody these people are nuts. These people right there, they don't want to work for Trump.

They don't want it because he's difficult. You know why I'm difficult? Because I want perfection for our country. That's the only reason I'm difficult.  So, I will terminate the Green New Scam, one of the great scams in history. Remember? Remember, our country was going to be dead in 12 years.

Remember that? Well, we came up with the 12. What happened? Where are we? Let me tell you, they have global warming, right? They said global warming. They used to call it, but now they call it climate change. You know why? Because climate change covers cold. If it's too cold, if it's too -- climate change.

We're suffering, climate change. If it's cold, that's good. If it's hot as hell, that's good. It used to be global warming, and that wasn't working because we're actually cooling. So, we have that. But, you know, the biggest warming problem we have is nuclear warming. So, they talk all the time about the ocean will rise, in 500 years, one-eighth of an inch.

Who the hell cares, OK? But we have maniacs that have nuclear weapons, and we can't let that happen. And you need a smart president. As an example, Russia would have never gone into Ukraine if I were president. Zero chance with Putin. Zero. And everything Biden said, I said he's saying the exact opposite of what he should be saying.

Israel would have never happened, that attack. October 7th would have never happened. What a shame, right? What a shame. You know what else wouldn't have happened? Afghanistan. The way -- not the -- we would have left sooner, but we were going to leave with dignity and strength. Instead, we lost 13 great soldiers.

I know their families. You know, Biden and Kamala would never call the families, not even one little phone call.  I don't think they really wanted to hear from him in the end. But they wouldn't call. Thirteen great people were lost. Many people lost the legs, the arms. The face was just horrifically injured and obliterated, in some cases.

Nobody ever talks about them. I talk about them all the time because those people -- I mean, they're going to suffer for the rest of their lives. It's so sad what happened. That Afghanistan -- and because of that, by the way, Putin looked. He said, "Oh, the U.S. is a paper tiger. I guess I can finally go into Ukraine."

Because it's the apple of his eye, always was. He told me, "No, I love it." I mean, he loved it, right? He loved it. He wanted it, but he would have never done it with me. Zero chance, zero chance. So sad. So sad. So many things have happened. You know what else wouldn't have happened to you? You would have had no inflation.

I had no inflation. You wouldn't have had -- inflation was caused by their stupid energy policy that drove -- it drove the energy through the roof. It's not so complicated. To bring back millions of jobs, we will give our companies the lowest taxes, the lowest energy costs, the lowest regulatory burdens, and free access to the best and biggest market on the planet.

And this mic is much heavier than the other one, I will tell you. I can do exercise. I can build up my muscle. But only for those who make their product here in the USA and hire American workers for the job, right? Right?  And if these companies don't make their products here in the USA, then they will be forced to pay a very stiff tariff when they send their products into the United States for the privilege of competing with our workers and taking our workers' jobs.

And we will now have protected companies. These companies will not leave because they're going to be protected by tariffs because they can't be undercut. You know, I took in hundreds of billions of dollars from China. Nobody talks about it. Those guys don't -- they don't talk about anything. They only talk about bad.

They only talk about fake news. But we took in hundreds of billions, billions with a B, dollars from China. No other president took in $0.10. Oh, you know -- and I watched the other day. Mrs. Obama was nasty to me.  What was -- what was that all about? What was that all about, Scott Walker? Nasty.

Oh, look, it's Tommy Thompson. Holy mackerel, it's Tommy. Is that Tommy Thompson? Or am I -- stand up, Tommy. Stand up, Scott.  What a good -- oh, what a couple of real pros. Good guys. But Tommy, I got along with him great. You know, in 2016, I wanted to win Wisconsin so bad. He said it's not doable.

You are a very difficult state, but I won it. You know that. I did win it despite your difficulty. I actually won it twice, but these are minor details. But -- which is -- which everyone knows is actually true. But Tommy Thompson -- and he's a longtime governor, a longtime pro. And I said, "What do you think, Tommy? I have a big meeting."

And it's hard. You know, you have all these states. You want to go to the states. And he said, "Sir, you're wasting your time if you come to Wisconsin." And I said, "I don't feel that way, Tommy." I had a -- I had like one of these deals except with fewer people, to be honest. You know, we become more popular with time.

But it was good. It was big. I said, "I don't think so." He said, "Sir, I'm telling you, you're wasting your time. But here's what I'll do. I don't want you -- go to Pennsylvania, go to Michigan, go to these places. You have to win. Don't do it, sir. But here's what I'm going to do." I never forgot it.

It was the weirdest thing. He said, "Sir, don't do it. But if I feel you can win it or if I feel you're going to win it, if something happens over the next couple of months, I'll call you, and you can do it then." I said, "Wow, that's a great idea." So, three weeks go by, and I get a phone call. They said, "Sir, there's a Governor Tommy Thompson on the phone."

I said, "Who the hell is that?" You know, you sort of forget. You sort of forget, right? You know, it's like you're focused on the -- and I said, "Well, it's like Tommy." So, I said, "Hi, Tommy. How are you doing? What's up?" "Sir, it's time for you to get in that little chopper and come right up to Wisconsin. You're going to win this sucker."

He said, "You're going to win it." And he was right, right? He was right.  He was right. I got in that chopper. I was up here so fast. They couldn't believe -- they couldn't believe you could travel that fast. No. And we won. We had a great victory. And I will say this. We're much more popular.

This is a much bigger movement. You know, Make America Great Again, MAGA, it's the greatest movement, by far, in the history of our country. It's amazing. There's never been anything like it. And people don't even fight it anymore. Really, they don't win, but it's the greatest movement. And when Biden was doing that thing with the purple background, you remember that? He looked like the devil, right? You remember that? Sebastian, have you gotten taller, Sebastian? What's going on with you? Sebastian, do you remember? Why are you standing? Do they not have a seat for you? He's giving me applause before we -- he's a great guy.

Does everybody listen to his show?  He's been loyal. I'll tell you one thing. That guy was with me through thick and thin. Anything that came up, he said, "The president is innocent." I said, "Oh, thank you, Sebastian." He would say, "I don't know exactly what they're accusing him of, but he's innocent."

No. Sebastian's been great. He's been a very good, loyal friend, a really good friend and a really talented guy, smart, smart.  But we are now more popular. This is the weave, you know, a little weave, right? You know, they used to say -- these are stupid people. They used to say, "He rambled."

I don't ramble. I do a weave. You know what a weave is? It's a story, and as you're telling the story, you realize that there's a little offshoot. Go up here. But the key is then you have to come back, and then you're doing the story. You're getting down to bottom line, and boom, you do another little weave.

Then sometimes, you do a weave off a weave. It's here and then -- and then back. It's called the weave. And one guy got it right, a writer. They said, "Trump is a totally brilliant guy." He said, "He's the most -- I've never seen anything -- " Because you always have to end up in the right place, or then you're rambling, you know, then you're rambling.

But no, I have a very fertile, very fertile brain. But it's the weave, and we do it. And it covers a lot of -- this way, you tell one story, and you cover -- really, it's like 15 subplots. But you get down to the final answer. And actually, they're starting to say it. You know who said it? Do you know who said it? Rogan.

Did anyone see that? What a nice guy. What a good guy. Because that's called long form. Joe Rogan, it's called long form. So, you're with him, and you're talking, and you don't have to rush your answer, cram it in, right? I like the way -- by the way, ""60 Minutes"" -- see, this is part of the weave, too.

I like the way ""60 Minutes"" -- in order because she doesn't do a weave. She doesn't know where the hell she is. She gave the worst answer I've ever heard to a question. One of the main questions -- she was on ""60 Minutes"," Kamala was. You can't call her Harris because nobody knows who Harris is, right? Have you -- have you seen Harris lately? Who the hell is Harris? So, you call her Kamala.

But on ""60 Minutes"," they did something that was amazing. I never thought -- I think it's the worst scandal in the history of broadcast. I mean, I think it's the worst scandal. She gave an answer which showed that she was grossly incompetent, grossly. It was crazy. It was just like all words. They had no meaning, no effect.

They took the entire answer. They said, "Yes, we adjusted it slightly. Yeah." They took the entire answer out, threw it away, and they took an answer down here that had nothing to do with it and put it, which was still crappy, but at least you could make a case. So, they took the answer out, and they put in a new answer.

And I said, "That's terrible." This is doing -- it's part of the news division. They get free licensing. They're worth billions, by the way, but they get -- the government brilliantly gives it to them for nothing. And they're all crooked. ABC's crooked as hell. Look at this David Muir, the way he was asking stuff.

This guy, pretty boy.  And his hair's not as good as it used to be, by the way. It used to be much better. But you know what? He was asking stuff. I said, "What the hell is he asking?" He said crime went down. I said only a fool would say crime went down. Crime didn't go down. It went -- and then the following day, right, it came out.

Crime was up 49 percent. It's terrible. But what ""60 Minutes"" did is unbelievable. They took the answer out. They replaced it with another answer. You got to see them trying to explain, Sebastian. They're trying to explain why they did that one. Did you ever do that? Would you ever do that? See, he may do that for me, but I don't think so, right, huh? If he did, he wouldn't be talking about it, that I can tell you.

But he may -- I don't want people to do that. You know what they do? They take mine. Mine is a beautiful, beautiful answer. But here's what they do. They cut out part of the weave, and then it doesn't sound so good anymore. But they -- what they -- what "60 Minutes" did and CBS, I think the license should be taken away from CBS.

And I think that "60 Minutes" should be forced to either close or take a very extended stay. And I'll tell you what. If a conservative broadcaster ever did what they did, it would be the end of their lives. Everybody would be in jail. Everybody would be in jail, what they did. And so, in honor of you, we sued them yesterday for a lot of money.

We sued them. And I sued them, and we call it election interference fraud. It's election interference. It's a fraud. And I don't think there's any real way. I don't believe there's any way they can even answer it if you want to know the truth. But as we rescue our economy, I will restore our borders because I think that's your biggest problem.

I do. I really -- they're destroying our country. They're putting dangerous people. Look at these beautiful people. You'll be interspersed with murderers, drug dealers, terrorists. Do we have any in the house right now? Are there any people -- over the past four years, Kamala has orchestrated the most egregious betrayal that any leader in American history has ever inflicted on our people.

She's violated her oath, eradicated our sovereign border, and unleashed an army of gangs and criminal migrants from prisons and jails, insane asylums, and mental institutions all around the world, from the Congo in Africa to Venezuela. You know, Venezuelan crime is down like 72 percent, right? Because they put their criminals into the United States of America.

Thank you. Thank you, our stupid leaders.  And they're stealing countless American lives. You'll see that in a couple of minutes. It's horrible what's going on. It's a terrible situation. Today, I want to hear directly from a mother whose world has been absolutely shattered. This is a young, beautiful mother who I met at one of the rallies, and we said, "Do you mind if we do this?" She was so -- it's so -- I had some of the toughest people I've ever seen with me.

They were all crying when they saw this. Wait till you see this. Please.

This is what we're letting into our country. This is what we're letting in. And you could take that scene and multiply it times thousands, whether it's on highways, whether it's just shootings, plain shootings. These are rough people, rough, rough people. And we can't take it. And it's the worst thing that's happening to our country.

I think it's the worst thing that's happened to our country in decades. Nobody's ever even imagined a thing where other countries will take their prisons and open them and drop everybody, thousands of their prisoners. You know what they save by doing that? And I know most of the heads of these countries.

It's like they can't believe they got away with it. And as soon as I heard we were going to have open borders, I said -- I know immediately that that's what's going to be done. They're opening their jails and their prisons and their mental institutions, and they're becoming empty. Some are already empty.

But all over the world -- this is all over the world. This isn't just in South America. It's not just Guatemala, Mexico, Honduras. You know, you think in terms of a little -- these are all over the world, big, big in the Congo, big, big. They're sending them over big, tough. They're tough. They're tough.

And they're mean. And they're mean. The day I take the Oath of Office, the migrant invasion ends, and the restoration of our country begins.  The savages charged with brutalizing and murdering precious Jocelyn are members of the same vicious Venezuelan prison gang, Tren de Aragua, that's taking over apartment complexes and unleashing violent killing sprees all over America, all over America.

Think of it. They're in Colorado. I think Colorado is going to vote for Trump. You know what they did? They were the ones that led the thing to get me -- I was the leading candidate of both parties, leading the Republicans and leading the Democrats, leading the Democrats one to one. I was the leading candidate.

And then they talk about a threat to democracy. And that governor, a radical-left lunatic who's petrified of the gangs that are taking over his state, this guy went and told his people to try and get me off the ballot. Can you imagine that? That would have been a fine mess.  That would have been a fine mess for the country, wouldn't it? And we went to the Supreme Court of the United States, won nine to nothing, because even the justice that were liberally inclined -- the justices that were liberally inclined, they said, "You can't do that. You can't -- you got to beat them at the ballot box."

It was very -- actually, it was very heartwarming to see it as a nine to nothing. But this governor in Colorado did it. And, you know, who hated him the most are the Democrats in Colorado. They thought it was terrible. The United States is now an occupied country, but it will soon be an occupied country no longer.

November 5th, 2024, will be Liberation Day in America. Liberation Day.  And on day 1, I will launch the largest deportation program in American history. I will rescue every city and town that has been invaded and conquered. These towns have been conquered. Think of what that means, conquered.

And we will put these vicious and bloodthirsty criminals in jail or kick them the hell out of our country immediately. And to expedite removals of Tren de Aragua criminals and MS-13 criminals, which are just about as bad -- we took out thousands of MS-13s. You know, they loved Long Island. Isn't that nice? Do you know? Two beautiful girls, 16 years old, were walking to school one day, and MS-13 attacked the two girls, and they sliced them up with knives.

They didn't want to shoot them because that's too quick and not painful enough. They took and they killed both girls. And it's lucky that we have ICE around because ICE was extremely good. They were extremely good. And this fool that we have running for president without having gotten one single vote to his 14 million votes, this fool wanted to defund ICE.

We want to defund ICE. If you defunded ICE, you had nobody. That's tough enough to go in there and get these animals out of our country. She wanted to defund ICE. I will invoke the -- and this is -- this is incredible because we had to go back so far. I will invoke the Alien Enemies Act of 1798. That's when they ran a tough country.

To target and dismantle every migrant criminal network operating on American soil. And if they come back into our country, it's an automatic 10 years in jail with no possibility of parole. And I am hereby calling for the death penalty for any migrant that kills an American citizen or a law enforcement officer.

And I will immediately ban all sanctuary cities in the United States of America. We will have them no longer. And despite all the damage she has caused, Kamala has spent the final week of her campaign comparing her political opponents to the most evil mass murderers in history. You know that, right? All of us, you, me.

Two days ago, Joe Biden called our supporters garbage. He called them garbage.  That's worse than deplorables, isn't it? Remember Hillary? How did that work out with deplorables? Well, garbage is working out even worse for him. They called you, all of us garbage. We're garbage. And I believe we have 250 million people.

I believe we have -- most of the country is about making America great again.  And my response to Joe and Kamala is very simple. You can't lead America if you don't love Americans. You just can't do it. It doesn't work. And you can't be president if you hate the American people, and I actually think they hate the American people.

She's not a good person. You know, her help --her help -- 95 percent of her help left. Do you know when she was in the DA's office in California, she made everybody stand at attention when she walked in? "Good morning, madam. Good morning," they were told to say. "Good morning, Madam District Attorney."

Stand up at attention. She's not a good person. Kamala's closing message to Americans is that -- I believe she hates you. I do believe that. I mean, I do believe that. My closing message is that I love America, and I'm inviting you to join us in building an extraordinary future for our nation.  My Oath of Office is an oath of allegiance to you, the American people.

We're going to -- we're going to straighten this mess out. We're going to -- it's a mess. It's an incompetent mess. I mean, she can't answer. She can't -- I see her being interviewed yesterday. She can't answer a question. She goes all over the place. She doesn't know what the hell she's talking about.

She's crazy. It's crazy. I'm asking for your vote. But I want you to know that whether you vote for me or not, when I win, I will fight for you with every breath in my body. I'm going to fight very hard whether you vote for me or not.   I took a lot of heat about two months ago because I said, "I think women like me."

I do. I think the suburban housewives like me. I do. I think it's a con job by these people. I think it's all -- it's a lot of crap. But I think they do. And I said, "I think they like me because they know I'm going to protect them." And they said it's such a horrible thing. I said, "No, I want to protect the women of our country."

I want to protect them in many ways. I want to protect them in many ways, but some of the ways are -- suburban housewives, they say, don't like me. I think they do like me because -- because -- thank you. She's saying, "I love you." Where do you live? What part of Westchester do you live?

Oh, well, that's nice. Illinois. Illinois.  You may have the worst governor in the entire country. Thank you very much. He's terrible. They threw him out of the family business, so he decides to run for governor. I know the Pritzker -- I know the Pritzker family very well. I was partners with them, actually.

They have some good people. But they threw him out because he was not very good, and he ends up running for governor because he's got money. But he's terrible. But I'm not allowed to use the fat word. That's the other word you cannot use. You are not allowed to use the fat word. I will not do it, but that guy is disgusting.

Everything Kamala says is a lie. Her entire campaign is one hoax and slander after another, but the more they lie, the more they smear, the more you need to get out and vote. We're going to get rid of these people. We're going to get rid of them fast, right? The only way to stop the lies is to swamp them.

We got to swamp them, swamp them with that vote. It's true. Kamala has no vision. She has no ideas. She's got no brain power. She's got no solutions. All she can talk about -- all -- did you see her the other night? All she could talk about is Donald Trump, Donald Trump, Donald Trump.

All she talked about. You know, there are some people who thrive under pressure, and there are some people who crack under pressure. She cracks under pressure. And the more pressure Kamala is under, the worst -- worse she crumbles. She is, at this point, very rattled. You take a look at her. She may -- is there a chance she would resign before the election, three days? I actually think they should have left Joe.

I think he would have done just as well, maybe better. And it's come out today upon extremely good authority, the press, therefore, it's no authority, but it's come out today that Joe Biden likes me more than he likes Kamala and that he would rather have me win than Kamala win because they took away his presidency.

It's the first time in the history of the presidency. They stole the presidency from him. He would rather have me win. Actually, I think psychologically, he's better off. It's a much better story for him. What they did is terrible. They went in, and they said, "You're out, Joe." Can you imagine? You're the president of the United States, and you have Crazy Nancy.

She's crazy as a bedbug. Crazy Nancy who had a lot of Visa stock, and she sold it one day before it was announced that Visa is under major investigation. And the fake news doesn't do anything about it.  And then you have Kamala who couldn't do an interview with Joe Rogan, who, frankly, is very fair.

I call him tough but fair. But he's great. Great guy. You know, we had the largest -- it was the biggest interview he did me last week, as you might have heard, the biggest interview that he's ever done in terms of hits, hits, hits, over 100 million, much more than 100 million. How much? Like 100 whiz TikTok Jack.

He knows everything. There's Tiktok. He's a TikToker. You know, if they're 20 years old and they work -- we have a guy, TikTok Jack. When they turn 20, they're finished in that business. No, they're too old, much too old. Then you get sued for age discrimination. If she can't handle an interview, then she can't handle, certainly, President Xi of China, President Putin.

He would have never done it. She can't handle anything. She's not equipped for that. She's not a president. She'll get overwhelmed, melt down, and millions of people will die. You're going to die. This is not a charity event. This is an election for the biggest and toughest job anywhere in the world.

This is the toughest job in the world with the most at stake, right? So, do you want to lose your life savings because we put a weak and foolish and incompetent person in the White House? I don't think so. Do you want to lose your job and maybe your house and pension because Kamala has the economic understanding of a child?  The presidency is a job held by Teddy Roosevelt, Abraham Lincoln, Dwight Eisenhower, George Washington, and even Ronald Reagan, people of strength and intelligence, people that have a leadership quality.

Would you trust Kamala Harris to talk with Russia or China about nuclear war?  I don't think so. I really don't. Would you trust her to steer us out of an economic crisis?  I don't think so. Nothing is more dangerous than to give immense power to a very weak and incompetent person with an extremely low IQ.

We don't want -- we had enough of low IQs in the last four years. We don't need -- we can't go through another person who's a dummy. We can't do it. You wouldn't put Kamala Harris in charge of even a kindergarten class. You can't do it. You can't do it. So, at the end of the day, you need to ask yourself, can you afford to put someone this incompetent in charge of our country's future? No, you can't.

No, you can't. But on top of it all, Kamala says she would not do anything different, not one thing different than Joe Biden did. In other words, she should not run for office because he was the worst ever. Take a look.

Thank you.  "There is nothing that would come to mind." Can you imagine? How about the 325,000 children that she could have saved if she had the correct policy? No, she doesn't want to bring that up either. No. She actually would have changed things, but she couldn't think of it. You know, she didn't have enough time.

She only had about four days to prepare. If you want to end this disaster, you must get out and vote. We're going to solve this problem very quickly. It's going to happen fast. It's going to be beautiful to watch. We're pleased to be joined today by your next senator from the great state of Wisconsin, Eric Hovde.

Eric, thank you very much. You're going to have a great, great career. He's a good man, too, good man, loves the state. And he is -- is he central casting? And I'll tell you what. She is a disaster, OK? She's a horror show. Thanks as well to Senators Ron Johnson. Ron, stand up. Wow. Good man. He's a good man.

He really is. Thank you, Ron. Great job. Great job. Thank you. We have a man who's just become recently -- he was a great attorney general, and he's now a senator. He won a big race, a tough race, a race that everyone said, "Well, there's no way anybody's going to win this race." And he beat somebody that was supposed to win, and he's become a star in the Senate.

Eric Schmitt. Eric, thank you. Thank you. And from the great state of Oklahoma -- I love Oklahoma. You know, they have 77 counties, and I won all 77. You know who second was? Ronald Reagan. Ronald Reagan was second. He won 56. I won 77. I have to move there immediately. I have to move. Markwayne Mullin.

Thank you, Markwayne. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you, Markwayne. And we have Representatives Bryan Steil. How are you doing with the ActBlue or whatever it's called? You got to get it done before the election. He's working on one of the biggest scandals in the country. It's like where the Democrats put money into ActBlue or whatever the hell they call it and massive amounts of money.

And everybody's talking. And he's in charge. So, we're going to blame you if nothing happens, right? No, but everybody knows it was a rip. But honestly, you got to get this stuff done before elections, not after elections. And we learned that they're finding all sorts of things now in Pennsylvania. Who would have thought you had to do this? But good luck with that, Bryan.

That's so important. OK? Thanks. Good luck. Scott Fitzgerald. Scott, thank you very much. Thank you. Great. Good job you're doing. Kevin Hern. Thank you, Kevin. Thank you. We appreciate -- these are warriors, by the way. And a real warrior, he grew up here, and he moved to Texas. He's one of the most popular guys in Texas.

He's a congressman. He could do anything he wanted. They love him. And he actually asked for a leave of absence. He said, "If you don't mind, I'd like to go to Wisconsin where I grew up. I want to help the president win that state." He left Texas. And you know what Texas said? "We love you for doing it because we have no problem."

You know, we won Texas by a lot. This is always a little bit tighter. It shouldn't be tighter. It should be the same thing. Oh, I wish it was the same thing. Texas has been so good. But, you know, they view him as a hero for doing this as opposed to, "Gee, why is he not in Texas?" And he's been up here for four months.

He's got his brothers helping him. He's a great congressman, and he's a fantastic man. Troy Nehls. Thank you, Troy. Have your brothers stand up. Your brothers, stand up, fellas. Boy, oh, boy, the whole family came up here. Really, they came up just to help me. It was so really incredible. And candidate for Congress, I don't want to mess with this guy.

He's a big, powerful man. Randy Niemeyer. Thank you. Look at the size of that guy. I met him backstage, Scott. I met him, and I said, "Wow." And former governors, Scott Walker and Tommy Thompson. Great people, great. Thank you, Scott. Great. Two great guys. A very respected man in D.C. and here, a friend of mine, a great lawyer, Reince Priebus.

Reince. Thank you, Reince. Thank you, Reince. And we loved Bobby Kennedy, didn't we? Didn't we? We loved him. Everybody loves him. You know, I have a deal with him because he's really into the environment, but he's really into health. I say, "Bobby, you take care of health. You work on those potatoes and work on those oranges, and you work on everything, everything. You can work on everything. The only thing you got to leave alone, Bobby, just leave it alone is the liquid gold because we're going to make our fortune. I don't want you telling me I can't touch it, Bobby."

The only thing I've asked Bobby to just please, Bobby, don't tell me it's like a problem, please, because we're going to make so much damn money. We have more liquid gold under our feet than any other nation in the world, including Saudi Arabia -- including Saudi Arabia and Russia. You know, I took it from No.

4 to No. 1. We were No. 1. We were energy independent. Can you imagine? Mr. Wall. Please stand up, Mr. Wall. I'm going to buy that suit. I'm going to buy that suit. Susie, please buy that suit for me. We also have the head of our campaign on today, and other than this microphone, she's done an unbelievable job this year.

Unbelievable. It's the best run campaign. People are saying -- well, actually, to say it's the best run campaign, you got to win. So, let's say -- do you mind if I wait about four days? But Susie, wow, she's incredible. Incredible. You know who's your father. You know, I believe in this stuff so much.

Pat Summerall. Right? Great announcer, great football player, great announcer. Look, he's going, "Wow, that's very impressive." But no, we believe in genetics a little bit, right? But Susie's done an incredible job. And thank you, Susie. You really have -- and Chris and everybody else, right? Thank you, everybody.

Appreciate it. Former Small Business Administrator Jovita Carranza. Thank you, Jovita. Jovita. Thank you, Jovita. Did a good job. And Sebastian, we want to thank you very much. You are really -- Sebastian Gorka, everybody. And a man who I think is going to bring us home, GOP Chairman Brian Schimming.

Thank you, Brian. What a good job you're doing. I heard him speak the other day. I was in the plane, flying in, and he was up, speaking. You are good. You are psyched, right, like we all are. We want to win. This is the biggest win. This will be the biggest win. Think of it. And if we win the whole thing, it'll be the greatest event in political history in this country and maybe beyond.

And not only great because it's a great event. It's going to be great because of what we're going to be able to do. We're going to be able to fix our country. That's why it's really going to be great. It's going to be very important. And a friend of mine, one of the greatest developers, a great guy, a very generous person.

He's always giving money to charity when there's a problem like in North Carolina. He went to go with me. He wrote out a big check all the time. He's a fantastic man. Steve Witkoff. Thank you, Steve. Thank you, Steve. Great guy. So, in conclusion, here are the facts. Kamala is a radical-left Marxist, rated even worse than Crazy Bernie Sanders or Pocahontas herself.

Remember Pocahontas? Her mother said she had high cheekbones, which I think is very racist for somebody to say. I think it's a racist statement. I think you should investigate that statement. She destroyed our economy. She was an original creator of Defund the Police movement, and anybody who wants to defund the police for even one week or one day is not worthy of being president of the United States.

Kamala vowed to abolish ICE. She pledged to confiscate your guns and endorse a total ban on handgun ownership. Who in this room is willing to give up their gun, please, to Kamala?  Who refuses to give up their gun?  I think she has a very tough job. But she even called for free sex changes for illegal aliens in detention at taxpayer expense.

And perhaps worst of all, she lied about working at McDonald's. She lied. She never worked at McDonald's. Never worked there. She never worked there. She's a liar. It was always -- oh, I saw -- I went and checked it out. Actually, they were the best french fries I ever had, nine seconds after taking them out of that fat, whatever the hell -- but they were the best.

You know, when they sit around for about two hours, not so good. With your vote this November, we're going to fire Kamala, and we are going to save America.  We will cut your taxes, end inflation, slash your prices, raise your wages, and bring thousands of factories back to America and back to a place called Wisconsin.

We will build America. We will buy American, and we will hire American. That's what we want. And I will end the war in Ukraine. It would have never happened if I was president. And I will stop the chaos in the Middle East. October 7th would have never happened. All those people would be alive right now.

And I will prevent World War III. We're not going to have World War III. With this people, you'll have it, and it would be a war like no other. This would be a war like -- because of the power of the weaponry. We will crush violent crime and give our police the support, protection, resources, and respect that they so dearly deserve.

We will strengthen and modernize our military. We will build a missile defense shield over our country, all made in the USA. And we will rebuild our cities, including our Capitol in Washington, D.C., making them safe, clean, and beautiful again. We will teach our children to love our country, to honor our history, and to always respect our great American flag.

And we will put in a bill into Congress. They say it's unconstitutional. I don't know why. But we're going to protect our great American flag. Anybody burning the American flag or destroying our American flag gets one year in jail. Thank you very much.  And we will get critical race theory and transgender insanity the hell out of our schools.

And we will keep men out of women's sports. Yes. I will defend religious liberty. I will restore free speech, and I will defend the right to keep and bear arms. Our Second Amendment will be totally protected. After years of building up foreign nations, defending foreign borders, and protecting foreign lands, we are finally going to build up our country and defend our borders and protect our citizens and our land, right? And we will stop illegal immigration once and for all.

It will be stopped. And we want people to come into our country. We do. We want people. But they have to come in legally through a system. They have to love us. They have to love our country. We will not be invaded. We will not -- and that's -- we are not going to be invaded. We are -- it's like an invasion.

It's like a military invasion. You know, the guns and weapons they have, some of these guys have, they're military-grade. They're at least military-grade. Some are better than military-grade. We will not be invaded. We will not be occupied. We will not be overrun. We will not be conquered. We will be a free and proud nation once again.

Everyone will prosper. Every family will thrive, and every day will be filled with opportunity and hope. And it will be -- more than anything else, it will be filled with a thing called the American dream. We're going to have the American dream back. But for that to happen, we must defeat Kamala Harris and stop her radical-left agenda with a landslide that is just too big to rig.

So, you need to get out and vote. For the past nine years, we have been fighting against the most sinister and corrupt forces on Earth. They are corrupt, sinister, horrible people, horrible people. With your vote in this election, you can show them once and for all that this nation does not belong to them.

This nation belongs to you, all of you. Belongs to you. It belongs to you. It was hardworking patriots like you who built this country, and four days from now, it is hardworking patriots like you who are going to save our country. You're going to save our country.  And I would love to see you do it because you deserve it.

You've been very loyal to me. I won all my primaries here. I won everything here. I had a little -- a little slip-up with some bad things that happened in one election, but, you know, everybody understands it. And we just had -- we just had tremendous success here. I have so many friends here, incredible people.

And remember, when you're about to press that lever, and I told you this before, everybody wanted that damn boat contract to build like 28 destroyer-type boats. And I'm a very visual person, so I took the thing that was designed, which wasn't that beautiful, and I took the bow of the boat, and I reshaped it with them, with the yard, right? You know the yard.

We're talking about great yard. That's correct. Thank you very much. And I took it, and I said, "No, you got to have a little more point. You got to -- " Oh, you got to see this thing. It looks like a yacht with lots of guns on it, and they've done a great job. And everybody wanted it. Every state wanted it.

Some of them won't even talk to me still. But I wanted that big -- one of the biggest contracts, right? That was one of the biggest contracts. And Ron helped me a lot, and I wanted it to go to Wisconsin, and it went to Wisconsin. And they're building their little hearts out. So, when you're ready to press that lever, Sebastian, remember that beautiful boat.

Remember the yacht with guns all over it. After all we've been through -- and we have been through a lot. But after all that we have been through together, we stand on the verge of the four greatest years in American history. We're going to make them great years. We're going to make them great years.

With your help from now until Election Day, four days, we will restore America's promise, and we will take back the nation that we love. We love this nation. I mean, I wouldn't be doing this. I could have a hell of an easy life. I could have those waves just smacking me in the face, beautiful saltwater waves all over the place.

I got waves all over the place, lots of places with lots of waves. Mr. Witkoff can confirm that, right, Steve, like probably more than anybody. I don't have to be here, but if I had my choice, I'd rather be right here with a broken-down shit microphone in Wisconsin. I would rather be in Wisconsin than some beautiful beach.

I would rather be right here because we are one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God. We will never give in. We will never give up. We will never back down. We will never, ever surrender. Together, we will fight, fight, fight, and we will win, win, win. We're going to start winning again.

November 5th will be the most important day in the history of our country, and together, we will make America powerful again. We will make America wealthy again. We will make America healthy again. Thank you, RFK, Jr. We will make America strong again. We will make America proud again. We will make America safe again.

And we will make America great again. Thank you. Thank you very much, Wisconsin. God bless you. God bless you all. Thank you.