Speaker: Bernie Sanders
Source: /Users/jstenger/Documents/repos/trading/kalshi-research/data-bernie/raw-transcripts/new/2025-11-19.LIVE with the Godfather of AI.txt
================================================================================

All right. Okay. Um, first of all, let me thank all of you for coming out. This is a wonderful turnout. Uh, let me thank Georgetown for sponsoring the event and mostly let me thank Dr. Hinton uh one of the world's leading authorities on AI for being with us in DC today. Dr. Hinton, thanks so much for coming. Uh the reason I invited Dr. Hinton uh to DC is that in my view uh AI and robotics are going to have a very profound transformative impact on our country and the entire world. But despite that reality, we are not hearing the kind of discussion we need in Congress uh in the media and within American society about what this consequential change is about and how we address it. So that's what tonight is about. We don't have all of the answers. I certainly don't. But this is an an issue. This is an issue that is in going to impact everyone of your lives and we need to be thinking about it big time. So, we don't have a whole lot of time this evening and there's a ton of stuff uh that we've got to cover. So, with that uh let me just start off by asking uh Dr. Hinton uh a leading uh question that is uh I have heard Dr. Hinton uh from folks all over the country who say you know what AI yeah you're right it's going to displace jobs it's going to create jobs but that's the way the world has always been weard gone from agriculture to industry we've gone from industry to tech to uh information what's the big deal so what is the big deal

All right. Uh the reality is I think many people know is that some of the very wealthiest people in the world uh Elon Musk um Jeff Bezos, Mark Zuckerberg, Larry Ellison, other multi multi-billionaires are investing hundreds and hundreds of billions of dollars into AI and robotics. Are these people staying up nights worrying about workingclass people and low-income people? Is that why they're doing this investment?

Um, Mr. Musk says said last month that AI and robots will replace all jobs. Working will be optional. Bill Gates also involved in AI predicted that humans quote quote won't be needed for most things and quote Dario Amodi the CEO of Anthropic warned that AI could lead to the loss of half of all entrylevel white collar jobs. What is your thought about short-term and long-term impact of AI and robotics on our economy? Are these guys right?

It's a real concern and I think as you know communities all over the country are rejecting these data centers for a couple of reasons. Uh number one uh as often as not their electric bills are going to sore and communities in rural areas are saying why am I paying an increase in my electricity bill in order to lose my job. So they're rejecting that. And also as you indicate it's not just enormous consumption of electricity it's also consuming a great deal of water. So there are real uh environmental impacts associated uh with data centers that I think communities all over the country are responding and what we are seeing is many of these very very large corporations are trying to bulldoze their way through and they're a lot more powerful than some local city council you know so it it is a real political issue right now you're seeing governors in Virginia for example I think it was an issue in the campaign we got to do something about rising electric rates because of these data centers. So from an environmental perspective which we had not discussed, it is a very big issue.

I would just add to that that in a world of massive inequality uh AI and robotics is going to be uh just exacerbate that inequality. The wealthy countries will be able to have tools uh that poor countries in a million years won't have.

Uh to answer your question, it is totally absurd and embarrassing that the United States of America, the richest country on earth, is the only major country not to guarantee healthcare to all people as a human right. You know the function of insurance companies is not to provide healthcare is to make a lot of money and they do make a lot money. Drug companies make an enormous amount of money and it it saddens me very much uh that we have a system which everybody recognizes is broken. It is dysfunctional. It is enormously complicated.

Well, I think you've raised a very important question and I think you're saying, hey, this is great. AI is going to come. You don't have to do this job. You don't have to do that job. Really, really good. Do you think that is what Mr. Musk and Mr. Bezos have in mind? Do you think that's why they're spending hundreds of billions of dollars to say, "Hey, isn't this great? We can lower the work week. We can guarantee healthcare, highquality health care to everybody. We can expand life expectancy. We can solve global warming. Man, let's go do it. That's what we ought to do." Do you think that's what these guys have in mind? Probably not. Probably not. And what Dr. Hinton was saying is exactly the issue. Is AI are AI and robotics inherently bad? Absolutely not. If they are youth, for example, you are already seeing some of the large unions like the UAW negotiating with the car companies and saying, you know what, our productivity is going up. We want a 32-hour work week. Needless to say, the companies were not sympathetic. But if we can lower the work week, if we could do away with dangerous jobs, improve health care for all, it's a positive. But again, I get back to the point that I started. Understand the people who are pushing this transformative transformative revolution are the richest people in the world. They are not staying up nights worrying about working people. In my view, they want even more wealth and they want even more power. So the struggle is not whether AI is good or bad. It's who controls it and who benefits from it. That is really the the fundamental issue in my view.

It does worry me. You know, getting back to a point that you know, Dr. Hitton raised is in my view, I don't want to put words in his mouth, you have a fairly corrupt political system. So when Wall Street went under, they knew what they were doing. They knew that they were investing in fraudulent mortgages, etc., they went under, they caused a massive recession, and they went to the government and said, "Yeah, we made huge amounts of money. We were crooks. We were dishonest. Bail us out because if you don't bail us out, we're too big to fail. We'll take down the whole economy with us." If that was true then, I suspect it is a lot true right now. But the gumption of people who are multi-billionaires who are making money hand over fist says, "Oh, by the way, if we fail, you who are one of the 60% of American people living paycheck to paycheck, we would appreciate you're bailing us out." All right. So, that gets to another issue. The broader issue is how we create a government that represents ordinary people not just dependent on the campaign contributions of billionaires and that is the broader political issue. How do we create a fact a with a small D a democratic society where government works to protect the interests of all people where AI and robotics are a positive not a negative for working people. That's the issue that we've got to address.

Well, let me just say this that of the monopoly of problems facing this country, uh, education is in at the top of the list. I think uh right now in the richest country in the history of the world, we have a child care system which is basically dysfunctional. So zero through four are the most important years of development uh intellectual and emotional development for a human being and yet we have people who are working with those kids who make less than a McDonald's worker uh which says a lot about how we not only regard education but how we regard our children. That's number one.

Number two, uh some of you may be familiar that international exams, reading, science, uh math, uh we do very poorly, uh compared to other countries around the world. Uh we are having a very difficult time for good reason. Attracting the best and the brightest to go into public schools right now. Being a teacher is an enormously difficult job. We're not giving teachers the support that they need. As many of you are aware of, the cost of higher education is outrageously high. Many of you are going to be graduating with tens and tens of thousands of debt, go to medical school, go to graduate school, it's going to be even more than that. So, getting back to Dr.

To Hinton's point, if we in fact want to make America great, it is not an exaggeration to say that we want the best educated people in the world, that we prize education, that we respect educators, and that we want to make sure that every person in this country has the ability to get all of the education they need to succeed in life. That's good for them, that is good for the country. But we are moving in every direction in exactly the wrong way. My friend Mr. Mandani who is going to be mayor of New York soon has been he has been attacked because he thinks that in New York City child care should be free. What a radical idea. We give a trillion dollars in tax breaks to the 1%. We spend a trillion dollars on the military. But the idea that we have high quality free child care or god forbid in America, we do what was the case 70 years ago and make our major public colleges and universities tuitionfree. That's considered to be radical. So I think we need to take a deep breath and say that if we really want to be a great nation, we've got to respect education. We've got to adequately fund education and we got to make sure that educational opportunity is available to all. All right. Thanks for the question.

I just worry um you know when I hear the word hear folks talking about building millions of robots and at the same time saying they want to rebuild manufacturing in America for example. You can rebuild manufacturing in America but you're not going to have workers doing the work. And I worry in a point that Dr. Hinton made earlier in the program who the hell how do people going to get an income to buy the products that are being sold and in terms of uh AI in the world that you are living in I do worry very much that if entry level jobs are not going to be there for you how do you move up and progress up the ladder so it is a a real concern.

Let me let me if I might mo just ask the people here just raise your hand. Let me see how to frame this question. Do you see or it'll be a I'm going to ask you two questions. The first one is for your own lives as young people, do you see AI as a positive development for your future? Raise your hand. Okay. Same question. Are you concerned about it being a negative impact on your future? Wow. Okay. Most of the hands went up when they go. I would tell you this and Dr. where I became I'm not even on any of the committees in Congress that deal with this stuff, but I got involved. I went around the country uh recently and uh I was in Davenport, Iowa and speaking before a workingclass audience and in the course of a speech you know I said I just curious and I asked the same exact question as I asked you is a working-class audience and I said tell me do you think AI and robotics is going to be a positive development for you in a room of about 2500 people two hands went up so I think among workingclass people, there is a legitimate and real and I think based on reality concern about what AI will do and I'm hearing that in this room uh from many of you as well.

I think in many ways that that question Mo goes beyond AI. It really is a political question and as we have said a dozen times AI is neither good nor bad. It depends on who benefits and how it is used. Right now in this country, you are living in what I refer to as an oligarchic form of society where a small number of very powerful people, people who are moving aggressively in the area of AI, but they were powerful before they did that have enormous control over the economy and the political life of this country through their ability. Musk, for example, contributed $270 million to make Trump the president. So it is not only AI, it is not only climate change, it's not only the economy, it's not only healthcare. You are living in the richest country in the history of the world. And if we had a rational system designed to improve life for all people, there are extraordinary things that we could be doing. AI is going to make us wealthier. Yes, education could be free from child care to graduate school. Yes, we could have universal health care. Yes, we could lead the world in transforming our energy system. Yes, we could build the units of affordable and low-income housing that we need. This is not utopian radical ideas. We could do it. If you have a government that is concerned about the needs of ordinary people, if you have a government concerned and dominated by the rich, they will get tax breaks. they will get deregulation, they will be able to produce more carbon emissions, etc. So, the real question to me is a fundamental political question. And we need your generation and we're seeing progress, I got to tell you, all over the country standing up and creating a government that works for all of us and not just the big money interest. That to me is the issue.