No. I think the Republicans are catching on that you can't throw 15 million Americans off of the health care they have. And studies indicate that, when you do that, some 50,000 Americans a year will die unnecessarily. And then, on top of that, just in Vermont today, Kaitlan, people in my state and all over this country are beginning to receive notices from insurance companies about what their new premiums will be if we do not stop what Trump is doing. In my state of Vermont, there are people today who received notices that their premiums are going to quadruple, quadruple, some less, three times. In my state of Vermont -- and, again, this is true in many parts of the country, middle-class families will be paying $50,000 a year for health care. Anyone think that's sane? It's not. Who can afford that? Republicans are catching on they're playing a losing hand. They are going to come to the table finally and address the health care crisis that they have created.

If I could just add to something Alexandria said...

... this is the cynicism of the speaker of the House. Where are your Republican colleagues tonight? They're back here in Washington negotiating?

Yes.

Right.

Well, let me just -- first of all, thank you very much for your service. And we're going to do everything we can and move as quickly as we can to make sure you get your paychecks. But I want to just back up a little bit to discuss how we got to where we are, because I'm not sure everybody knows this. What Alexandria was just saying is, in the House, majority rules. They passed the budget. In the Senate, not quite the case. It needs 60 votes, okay? That's been going on for a very long time. And the reason for the 60 votes is to encourage bipartisan negotiations. All right? Republicans have 53 people in their caucus. Democrats, including independents, have 47. You got to talk. This time for the first time in history, what Republicans are saying, "Yeah, we don't have 60 votes. We're not talking to you. Our way or the highway." And what we are saying, "Sorry, you got to sit down and talk to us. You got to deal with the health care crisis in this country."

I don't -- no, based on their history, they have had months and months. This is not a new thing. Ever since Trump's Big, Beautiful Bill was passed, we knew this was happening. They have refused to negotiate. And anyone thinks that tomorrow, they'll suddenly start negotiating I think is smoking what is illegal in many states. (LAUGHTER)

You are talking to, along with Alexandria, one of the strongest pro-worker members of the United States Congress. We are going to fight for federal workers. And by the way, in terms of the AFGE union, you are aware that our friend in the White House, basically in an unprecedented way, decided he wasn't going to have that union anymore, et cetera, et cetera. We're going to fight for federal employees. But what you just said, about 50,000 people dying a year, this is based on studies done from the University of Pennsylvania and Yale. You take 15 million people off of their health care, by and large, low income and working class people. What do you think is going to happen to them? They don't go to a doctor. They have chronic problems. They will die. So, this issue -- and by the way, if I may, it's not only about health care. Do you know why we are in the situation we are today? Why do you think Trump and his friends made massive cuts to Medicaid and are forcing us to double premiums for the ACA? They gave the 1 percent in this country a trillion dollars in tax breaks.

A trillion dollars in tax breaks at a time when we have more income and wealth inequality than any time in the history of this country. So, I am not going to sit back and say, yeah, we're going to let 50,000 people die so that Elon Musk and Jeff Bezos and other multibillionaires can get a tax break.

If I could add to what Alexandria was saying, it's not just 15 million people losing their health insurance, and it's not just tens of millions of people seeing a doubling or tripling in their premiums. Our health care system -- and you guys can argue with me if you want -- I think our health care system is broken. I think it is dysfunctional --

-- and I think it's on the verge of collapse.

And understand that when we talk about these massive cuts to health care from Trump and his friends, you're talking about cuts to nursing homes. You're talking about cuts to rural hospitals. You're talking about cuts to community health centers, where 32 million people get their primary care. This system is on the verge of collapse. And I would hope that everybody in this room and everybody in America ask themselves a very simple question, why is the United States the richest country in the history of the world, the only major nation not to guarantee health care to all people as a human right?

Look, I have a radical idea. Are you ready for a radical idea? Let's do what the American people want. Do a poll. Do a poll on CNN. Ask people -- ask people, how many do you think it's a great idea to give $1 trillion in tax breaks to the 1 percent and decimate the American health care system? And if you do not have a -- do not have a strong majority of Republicans, Democrats and independents saying that is crazy, I will be surprised. Let's do what the American people want. And at the very least, as we continue to fight for Medicare for All single-payer system, we're going to protect people today from losing their health care or from seeing their premiums skyrocket, seeing nursing homes, community health centers decimated.

Oh, yeah, no doubt.

The president is a very honest man. (LAUGHTER)

And if he says something, man, you can take it to the bank.

His word? No.

Look, that's a great question, Logan. And let me tell you, I can mention a number of them. There are some decent, honest Republicans. And, you know, in American society, we believe in democracy. You're conservative Republican. Not that -- we disagree. So what? It's called America. We have different points of view. I got to tell you, though, if I may -- one of the things that has concerned me very, very much and -- is that we are seeing the Republican Party doing less of representing their districts and their states than just swearing allegiance to the president of the United States. Now, I never thought that I would say this, but you have somebody like Marjorie Taylor Greene saying, you know what? I was elected by my constituents. That's who I am beholden to, not the president of the United States. So, there are good Republicans out there. And if Trump would leave them alone for five minutes and not threaten them with a primary if they stood up and did the right thing, I think we can make progress. I will give you one story. Thom Tillis, conservative Republican from North Carolina. When we're debating this Big, Beautiful Bill, Tillis looks at the bill. He says, "This is a disaster for North Carolina. I can't vote for it." Literally the next day, Trump was all over social media. The billionaires were all over saying, "Okay, you're finished. We're going to primary you." And a day later, this guy says: I'm out of here. I'm not running for reelection. All right? That's where we are right now. And that is a very serious problem.

All right, what can I tell you? That's obviously unacceptable. Look, what we are dealing with is an unprecedented moment in American history, all right? So it's not only a debate about whether or not we can save health care for tens and tens of millions of Americans. It's also a broader issue. And that issue is whether or not we will accept the reality that a handful of very, very wealthy people are now making out like bandits while 60 percent of our people are living paycheck to paycheck. So I think what we are saying is that now is the time, not just on health care, but all across, all across the spectrum. People can't afford groceries. The housing crisis is enormous, people paying 40, 50 percent of their limited incomes for housing. And all the while, while working-class families are struggling to put food on the table, Trump gives his billionaire friends huge tax breaks, and they are getting richer and richer. So what all of this is about is, do the American people come together and demand that we have a government that represents all of us or just wealthy campaign contributors? That is essentially what this whole fight is about. And, right now, health care is in the middle of it, but there are a lot of other issues. I worry very much -- and Alexandria and I were on the road talking about this issue -- that we are increasingly becoming an oligarchic form of society, where a very small number of people not only control our economy, but through their campaign contributions have huge influence over both political parties. And if there was ever a time in American history when we have got to stand up and fight for working families, fight to prevent authoritarianism taking place in this country, this is the moment.

Health care is huge. When 50,000 people a year may die because of Trump's cuts, that in itself is huge. But the issue is even more than that. It is, do you have a government that represents you and you, or a government that represents billionaires who want more and more tax breaks and more and more favors from the government? That is really what this struggle is about.

Well, that is a great question. I think the Republicans are effective. They have learned a lot about social media. And, by the way, it doesn't hurt that their friends own all of the major social media platforms. Bezos owns Twitter, or X. Zuckerberg owns Meta, Facebook and Instagram. Mr. Ellison is going to own you pretty soon. I think he's going to take over CNN, not to mention CBS. So these guys have -- they can use algorithms to help them. So -- but to answer your question, look, it gets back to something that I have been talking about, Alexandria, others have been talking about. What does the Democratic Party stand for? And I think messaging becomes easy when you're prepared to stand up and fight the right fights. And what is the right fight? At a time when the top 1 percent owns more wealth than the bottom 93 percent and the rich are getting richer, while working families are struggling, you tell me what the issue is. And the issue is whether you stand with the working class of this country or with wealthy campaign contributors. And we're seeing more and more Democrats around the country, by the way, beginning to understand that.

This is the master of social media. (LAUGHTER)

I will let her answer that.

You're a federal employee, don't speak up. You're a government official, don't speak up. You're in a law firm that somehow had clients taking on Trump, don't speak up because they're going to punish you. You are on CNN. We're going to sue you if you ask the wrong questions. My friends, what this is about is a movement toward authoritarianism --

-- intimidating us all, making us afraid. And you stop and you think, what is this country about? What makes us the great country that people all over the world have always envied, looked to? It's the word "freedom". It's the right to dissent. You disagree with me? That's fine. We have free elections. You want to beat me in an election? Go for it. You're a newspaper writer. Write what you want. It's not having a president trying to intimidate you, sue you, cut your funding because you disagree with him.

And that is the issue that we have got to also address, not just health care, not just housing. It's whether or not we stand up for the freedoms that millions of Americans fought and died to defend.

Absolutely, of course.

If I might --

I'm happy to answer that. But let me also just add on to what Alexandria said, give you an example of cutting, quote/unquote, "Democratic programs". I managed to get a $7 billion provision in the Inflation Reduction Act. Do you know what it does? It will help low income and working- class people install solar panels on their rooftops. If you have solar on your rooftop, you know what? Your electric bill will go down 70, 80, 90 percent. We're going to create all kinds of jobs doing that, building the solar, installing the solar. They were suing them, but they cut that program, a Democratic program, significantly reduce electric costs for working class people in America. That is a mentality -- and by the way, it's part of a mentality of Trump, which thinks that climate change is a hoax.

A Democrat from Mississippi.

All right, here we go. (BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

We're going to do everything that we can to bring an end to this terrible shutdown, which is hurting you and which is hurting a million federal employees and millions of people who use federal services. But also, we have got to be cognizant that if Trump wins this fight, our health care system could well collapse, and tens of thousands of people could die every single year.

No. We're going to win it. But it's not -- I don't want to look at it like a political fight. We're going to win it because the American people are on our side. If you are or you're a Republican congresswoman, you're going to go back to your district and people are going to say to you, "Why are you doubling my insurance premiums? Why did you throw me off of health care?" That's a fight that Republicans are not going to win.

No, but let's --

Let me reiterate one point.

Republicans aren't in town.

How do you negotiate with people who refuse even to show up to do their job? They're on vacation for, what, a month ago?

Once again, the war is in the Senate. They need 60 votes. They don't have 60 votes. They have got 53 or maybe 52. That means you have to sit down and talk to the other side. It is not complicated. They are not doing that.

Well, I think it reflects more on Mike Johnson's leadership and President Trump's leadership. This is a leadership which said it's OK to give a -- well, how do you feel? You tell me. I think it's a good idea to give a trillion dollars of tax breaks to the richest people in the country and then make massive cuts to health care for working-class people?

Well, I think, look, as I have said, there are 53 Republicans in the Senate, correct?

They need 60. What does that mean? It means you have to talk to the other side. Mike Johnson is not talking. John Thune is not talking. President Trump is not talking. That is the problem.

But I...

Well, I certainly hope -- it's not a -- this is not a game. And a lot of lives are at stake in terms of our federal employees who are hurt, in terms of tens of millions of people who are going to suffer from these health care proposals. So I hope the Republicans do the right thing. Come to the damn table and talk.

Let me jump in on this one. Let me -- this is -- see, Kaitlan...

This is exactly what we're talking...

You have a country that is falling apart. We have a house -- housing crisis, a health care crisis, an education crisis, massive income and wealth inequality, a corrupt campaign finance system. And the media says, are you going to run? What are you going to run for? (LAUGHTER)

Nobody cares. (CROSSTALK)

Right.

Well, of course, they're saying it to deflect attention away from the real issues.

And, here, we will tell you what the real issue is. Let's see if CNN talks about it. We're living in the richest country in the history of the world, right? All right, you tell me why we're the only nation not to guarantee health care to all people, the only nation not to guarantee paid family and medical leave, why we have a $7.25-an-hour minimum wage, why we have 800,000 people sleeping out on the street, why we have a president who denies the reality of climate change, why we have oligarchs on top who have more and more power every day. Let's talk about that issue, not her own political future. She will decide that.

Well, I am worried again about the president acting in an unconstitutional way. The Constitution is pretty clear. You want to go to war, you have got to go through Congress. You're going to need your authority from Congress. Think about what kind of world we live in that just governments are busy bombing and attacking other countries at will. So that concerns me very much. So, yes, I am concerned about it.

Good. Then come to the Congress and explain to us why you are doing that and, if it makes sense, you will get support.

I am saying that the president is acting unilaterally, in violation of the Constitution. That's a pretty big deal. COLLINS: And, Representative Ocasio-Cortez, another question tonight when it comes to how this shutdown is playing out here in Washington. I want to bring in Jill Ireland, who is a Democrat who works in insurance. She's from Santa Barbara, California, and her question is appearing via video tonight. (BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

Kaitlan, let me just make a point here. You know what demagogues like Trump always do? Instead of addressing the real crises facing our country -- why are we the only major country not to guarantee health care, while spending twice as much per person -- we're spending $14,500? It's a good debate, right? Let's have that debate. You hearing Trump talking about that? No.

Why are we having a housing crisis, when millions of people are spending 40, 50 percent of their limited -- let's discuss that. Do you know what demagogues do, guys? What they do is, they find a powerless minority. In Europe during the '30s, it was the Jews. Then it's the gypsies. In America, it's historically been black people. It's been gay people. It's been Latino people. You name your pick. You got a powerless minority, let's blame them for everything.

But you know what they don't blame? Somehow or another, they don't blame the billionaires who run the country, because those guys finance their campaigns. They're trying to divide us up. And what we have got to do is understand, we are the majority. Most Americans think health care is a right. Most Americans think we should have a minimum wage which is a living wage. Most Americans don't believe we should give tax breaks to billionaires and cut back on education. Let's bring our people together, not fall for the demagoguery of Trump and his friends.

Excuse me. Did he really say that?

They're trying to fix health care by throwing 15 million people off of it and doubling premiums?

Is that how they fix health care? That's a kind of strange way to fix health care. (LAUGHTER)

Look, here's the point. United States, richest country on Earth, only country not to guarantee health care to all people. You go up to Canada, is their system perfect? No. You have a serious operation, you're in the hospital for a month. You know what your bill is when you get out? Zero. They spend half as much as we do per capita. So you have got a health care system which is a disaster, except for one thing. Here's the good news. Drug companies last year charging us the highest prices in the world for prescription drugs made over $100 billion in profit. Insurance companies make tens of millions of dollars. They pay their CEOs $20 million, $30 million a year. The function of the American health care system -- and Mr. Johnson is not going to address it. The function of this system is to guarantee huge profits for the drug companies and the insurance companies, and they could care less about the needs of ordinary people.

-- hard look at what's going on there.

I'll tell you why.

Gaza has a population of 2.2 million people. In the last two years, 160,000 people have been wounded, mostly women, children and the elderly. Sixty-five thousand people have been killed -- women, children and the elderly predominantly. That is 10 percent, 10 percent of the population of Gaza. In America, you know what that would mean? Thirty-three million people dead or wounded, a disaster -- a genocide, if you like. The entire infrastructure of Gaza -- hospitals, schools, water systems, wastewater plants -- have been destroyed. Under Trump supporting -- and by the way, what bothers me as an American --

-- we have given under Biden and under Trump, $22 billion to Netanyahu's extremist government, which for the last month or two have been starving children. That has been their policy.

So, Kaitlan, when you talk about, are we overjoyed that the hostages are back, the prisoners are released, that finally there is peace, hopefully, hopefully, it lasts? Yes, absolutely. But I think not as -- this is not a time for credit. This is a time to think about American policy.

Are we happy that we have given tens of billions of dollars to destroy the Palestinian people?

Israel had a right to defend itself. They were attacked by a terrorist group. They did not have a right to go to an all-out war against women and children in Gaza.

We spent a long time with President Biden trying to make the case.

Look -- again, I think every sane person, and certainly the people in Gaza and Israel are delighted with the ceasefire. We hope it holds. The United States essentially funded this war. If I am funding you, all I got to do is say, "Hey, Benjamin, guess what? You end this war right now. No more money, no more bombs, no more other military support." In other words, the United States has been from day one, under Biden, under Trump, in the driver's seat.

Let me just add to that. She's much nicer than I. (LAUGHTER)

Nicer to people. Look, take a look. You got a Democratic Party. There's no great secret that it's kind of in the doldrums right now. Everybody acknowledges that. You got a candidate in New York City, Zohran Mamdani. And he's running an extraordinary campaign. He has something like 80,000 volunteers knocking on doors.

He is bringing people out who never voted. He is bringing Blacks and Whites and Latinos and Asians, everybody together around a really strong agenda, talking about affordability in New York. What is not to like? (LAUGHTER)

This should be the kind of candidate that Democrats want in every state in the country. Strong grassroots campaigns, a willingness to take on the oligarchs and the big money interests, stand up for working class people. So really, that's a great question. But it comes -- it's very deep because it talks about the future of the Democratic Party.

Sure, I am. Hakeem, you watching this? I don't know. (LAUGHTER)

But look, it is two things. Of course, Alexandria is right. He's the Democratic nominee. How do you not support the Democratic nominee? But more importantly --

He's a great candidate. This should be the model. What we want -- you know, we got political problems in our country. People are giving up on the political process. He's getting people excited, getting them involved. I would like to see that take place in 50 states in this country.

I think Alexandria touched on this before. And that is, we are -- one of the things -- and this really annoys me about Trump -- he is dividing this country. Why would I not? When we hit the road, we were in Idaho, right? It's the most conservative state in America, I think. We had many thousands of people coming out. We are Americans. What, you think I would feel OK if somebody in a Republican state died because they couldn't get health care? I would hope not. I hope nobody feels that way.

I think Alexandria said it very well. I mean, I would just add as an example, this Saturday, millions of people are going to come out on a No Kings day, maybe more people coming out than any time in American history. Speaker Johnson said this is a hate America rally because people are coming out expressing their concerns about massive cuts to health care and the movement toward authoritarianism. It's not a hate America. It's a love America. But the point is, instead of attacking each other in that way, in my view, what we got to do is lay the issues out on the table. We got a health care crisis, do we not, friends? All right. We're the only country not to guarantee your health care at all. How do we move to a health care system that guarantees health care to a human right? Make sense to you? All right. Seventy, 80 years ago in this country, if you went to a public college or university, you know what your tuition was? Zero. And yet you got all of this increased worker productivity, all of the technology. People can't afford their kid -- afford to send their kids to college. They can't afford childcare. People are paying outrageous costs in housing. How do we build the millions of units of affordable low- income housing that we desperately need? How do we save the planet for our kids and transform our energy system away from fossil fuel? Do you know that millions of senior citizens in this country are trying to get by on $15,000 a year or less? They helped build this country. They fought for our country. They're in nursing homes, which are horrible places right now because they're underfunded, understaffed. We are the richest country in the history of the world. How do we provide a good quality life for our kids? Should we have the highest rate of childhood poverty of almost any major nation, highest rate of senior poverty? Those are the issues. You disagree with me? Fine. You got a better idea than mine? Great. Let's go forward. Let's discuss those issues. Let's not attack each other personally that we're un-American, that we hate America. That's nonsense. That just divides us. Let's come together. Let's discuss the real issues. Let us create the kind of extraordinary country that we know we can create.