Speaker: Bernie Sanders
Source: /Users/jstenger/Documents/repos/trading/kalshi-research/data-bernie/raw-transcripts/new/2025-11-09.LIVE Republicans are Making our Broken Health Care System Worse.txt
================================================================================

Thank you. Uh, Mr. President, I wanted to touch on a few topics relating to the shutdown, which is now in its 39th day and doing very serious harm for federal workers here in Washington and Vermont and all over this country. And it's a shutdown that should be ended as soon as possible. The reason for this shutdown really is not complicated. Here in the Senate, we have a 60 vote threshold uh in order to pass a budget that keeps the government open. You need 60 votes and that's been the case for a very very long time. And what has always happened, always happened, is that if the majority party, in this case the Republican party, does not have the 60 votes, which is usually the case, they have to sit down and negotiate with the minority party, which is the Democratic caucus, which has 45 Democrats and two independents, one of which is me. That's what you got to do. You have to negotiate to get the 60 votes. But for the first time, I don't know, in history, the Republicans are saying, "We don't want to negotiate. It is our way or the highway. You take it or leave it." And given what the enormous consequences of what is at stake appropriately, the Democrats are saying, "No, you have to sit down and negotiate." and Republicans are refusing to do that. That is the reason why we are in a shutdown. and to add insult to injury and to tell you how strong the contempt is that the Republican leadership has for the negotiating process over in the House. Now, Speaker Johnson has given his members, the House of Representatives, a sixthw week paid vacation. They're not been in Washington for six weeks. Hundreds and hundreds of thousands of federal employees don't have a paycheck. We're worried about what happens to air traffic. We're seeing flights cut back right now because of Trump not willing to fund SNAP. We are worried that 16 million children in America may go hungry. and the Republicans in the House of Representatives are on a paid vacation. So that is why we are in a shutdown right now.

Now, what will the negotiations when the Republicans finally hear from the American people that it is appropriate for them to do what has always been the case, come and negotiate? What will the negotiations be about? They will be about the health care crisis that this country faces. They will be about the reality that as a result of Trump's big, beautiful bill, 15 million Americans are going to lose the health care that they have because of massive cuts in Medicaid. And Mr. Mr. President, what studies from Yale and University of Pennsylvania have suggested is that if you throw 15 million people off the Medicaid that they depend upon, some 50,000 of them will die unnecessarily every year. And that is rather unbelievable that in the richest country in the history of the world, we would allow 50,000 low-income and workingclass Americans to die unnecessarily. People who have chronic illness, people are struggling with cancer, with diabetes, with heart disease, with some of the terrible illnesses that are out there. They're now getting treatment. Well, when you lose your health care, you can't get treatment. And when you can't get treatment, you die. And we got to put that on the table. That is what needs to be negotiated. And I say to my Republican friends, do you really want to see 50,000 low-income and working-class Americans die unnecessarily? I don't think you do. Let's negotiate. Let's figure a way out of this thing. But it is not just that 15 million Americans will lose their health insurance. What we are looking at now for over 20 million people in the Affordable Care Act is on average on average a doubling of health insurance premiums at a time when health care costs throughout the country are already outrageously high.

Mr. President, I come obviously from the state of Vermont and my neighborhood is northern New England. So I want to talk a little bit about what would happen to northern New England, to Maine, New Hampshire, and Vermont if we did not address this looming crisis. In Maine, some 60,000 people in a small state will be thrown off the health care they have as a result of these massive cuts to Medicaid. In New Hampshire, 46,000 people will lose their health insurance. And in my state of Vermont, some 45,000 people will be thrown off the health care that they have. And by the way, when we talk about throwing 15 million people off of Medicaid, when we talk about doubling premiums for over 20 million, what is the reason that this is happening? Who invented this idea? who said, you know what, who woke up one day and said, you know, it's a great idea that in the wealthiest country in the history of the world, let's throw 15 million people off of healthcare, double premiums for millions more. Why did they do that? And the answer is in order to give a trillion dollars in tax breaks to the 1%. So yeah, good news is if you're Elon Musk and you're worth some $500 billion, you get a tax break. Bad news is that if you're a workingclass person trying to get by on 30 $40,000 a year, you lose your healthcare. There is a reason why poll after poll is showing Republicans responsible for this shutdown. And there is a reason that why on Tuesday there was a wave of disgust at Republicans all over this country from Maine to California when people said no to Trumpism and no to health care proposals that would throw so many people off of the health care they have. I would hope that my Republican colleagues learn something from that.

Now, what the Democrats are talking about, it's not what I want. I would go a lot lot further. But what they're saying is something very simple. Let us at least not raise premiums and then we can have a discussion about where we want to go forward. The sitting president here has an idea. I have a different idea. President of the United States has another idea. Put them on the table. Let's see how the American people feel. Run a campaign on it. and be an election in 2026. See how the American people feel.

Now, getting back to northern New England, I want to talk about what these increased premiums would mean. I want to put them into a real human reality. If the ACA subsidies are not extended, a 40-year-old individual in Portland, Maine, making $35,000 a year, not a lot of money, will see his or her health insurance premiums go up from $1,167 a year to $2556 a year, $119% increase for somebody making $35,000 a year. And this is one because it's true in Vermont and it's true all over the country. I want people to hear this. Again, I'm talking about Maine. I'm going to be talking about Vermont. It is true in every state in America. a 60-year-old couple, that is a couple not yet eligible for Medicare, making $85,000 a year in Fort Kent, Maine, will see their premiums go up from $7,200 a year to $38,490 a year, a $435% increase. So, Mr. President, we are talking about a 60-year-old couple making $85,000 a year will now be paying $38,000 in premiums, not to mention out-of- pocket cost. That is almost 50% of their incomes for health care.

Mr. President in New Hampshire, a family of four making $80,000 a year will see their see their premiums increase by $297 a month. $3600 a year more on an income of $80,000. Think about it. A 62year-old couple in New Hampshire making $90,000 a year will see their premiums go up by $14,000 a year. Making 90,000 couple making 90,000, you're going to see your health care premiums go up by $14,000. How do you survive with that kind of increase?

In Vermont, my state, if the ACA subsidies are not extended, in Bennington, a couple in their 60s earning $85,000 a year now pays about $830 a month in premiums for their Blue Cross Blue Shield healthcare. Next year, without these subsidies, they would pay $3,000 a month. Add the deductible and other costs and they'll spend nearly half of their income, more than $40,000 a year on health care.

Couple in their 60s in Bennington, Vermont, and it is true all over this country will be spending almost 50% of their incomes on health care. That is insane.

Now, it's interesting uh Mr. President that uh my Republican friends now are beginning to talk about healthcare. For a while, they didn't have a word to say. They're coming down here and that's a good thing. So, I think that's the kind of discussion that we should have. But one thing we should know is what we are talking about here is deadly serious.

And and I know that some of my colleagues, you know, have uh talked about bringing forward um a proposal that would uh ask the majority leader, the uh majority leader here in the Senate to bring forth a democratic proposal uh to deal with this crisis. And it would be a strong proposal. But unfortunately, that would be a very wasteful and fraudulent gesture. It would mean nothing because no matter what happened with that proposal here, and I don't know that it would pass, I suspect some Republicans might vote for it. It wouldn't matter one bit because unless you have the commitment of the speaker of the house that he will support it and that the president of the United States will sign it. And we certainly certainly do not have that commitment now. So all it would be is a kind of wasteful gesture. People could feel good. They'd vote for a bill with a full understanding that bill would go nowhere and premiums throughout this country would double.

So, where do we go from here? Well, shortterm, we cannot allow millions and millions of people to see an outrageous increase in their premiums when they simply cannot afford it. That would be a disaster. We cannot throw 15 million people off the health insurance they have.

But some of my Republican colleagues I hear have come to the floor and they're saying, "You know what? These insurance companies are making huge profits." No kidding. Gee, that is something that some of us have been talking about for decades and so are the drug companies. In fact, the function of the current health care system is to do precisely that. What is the function of the American health care system? It's to make huge profits for the insurance companies and the drug companies to pay their CEOs outrageous, really crazy salaries, tens of millions of dollars a year. That's the function of the American health care system today.

You know, Mr. president in my own state of Vermont and throughout this country including Louisiana, I have talked to a whole lot of people and almost always in my remarks I ask a very simple question. I say tell me how many of you believe that the American system is working well, American health care system. How many of you think it is broken? And whether it's Louisiana, Vermont, or any place else. Overwhelmingly, people understand the American health care system is broken. It is outrageously expensive. It is cruel. It is dysfunctional. Not a secret. I'm glad that some of my Republican colleagues are beginning to catch on.

Mr. President, as I think you know well, we spend almost twice as much per capita on health care as any other country on Earth. Unbelievably, this really is according to the most recent data here in the United States. We are spending $14,500 per person on health care. $14,000 over 14,000 for every man, woman, and child. And let me tell you how that compares to other countries. Somehow in Japan, they're able to provide health care to all for $5,600. In the UK, $6,000. in Australia 6,900 in Canada 7,000 and $7100 in France. In other words, major country and major country around the world manages to guarantee health care to all of their people as a human right and they're spending less than half per capita than we are spending.

And I can tell you having been all over the country that the American people are disgusted with that reality, they understand and they believe that healthc care is a human right, not a privilege. That every man, woman, and child in this country is entitled to healthcare, no matter how old you are, no matter how young you are, no matter rich you are, no matter how poor you are.

While private insurance companies and big trunk big drug companies continue to make outrageous profits, over 85 million Americans are either uninsured or underinsured today before the disaster, the disastrous attack on healthcare that Trump is proposing. The results, some 68,000 Americans die each year because they cannot afford to go to a doctor. And more than a half a million Americans go bankrupt due to medically related debt. How absurd? How horrific is that?

In America, under this current absurd health care system, 42% of cancer patients deplete their entire life savings within the first two years of di their diagnosis, while one out of every four of them declared bankruptcy or lost their homes to foreclosure or eviction in 2022. Think about it. It is bad enough to get cancer. It is beyond horrific to understand that your family is going to be financially ruined as a result.

Under the absurd American health care system, our life expectancy, how long we live, is shorter than every other major country. Despite the fact that we spend twice as much per capita, we live four years shorter lives on average than people in other wealthy countries, while the typical workingclass person in America lives seven years a seven years shorter life than the wealthy. We also have the dubious distinction of having by far the highest infant mortality rate of any other wealthy country on earth.

And as bad as our overall health care system is, our primary care system is even worse. Today, tens of millions of people live in communities where they cannot find a doctor, a dentist, or a psychologist, even when they have decent insurance. and others have to wait months in order to be seen. So, unbelievably, again, we're spending twice what other countries are spending. We don't even have enough doctors. We don't have enough dentists. We don't have enough nurses, mental health practitioners, pharmacists, or home health care workers. And one out of four Americans cannot afford to purchase the medicine their doctors need. So it is no wonder that the American people understand that the current system is broken.

So where do we go from here? It's one thing to talk about a system that is broken. It's another thing to have a solution. And I have a solution. Not a radical idea. In fact, in many ways, it just emulates what goes on in every other major country on Earth. It is to say that healthc care is a human right that we need universal health care and that we must pass a Medicare for all singlepayer program.

So what is that legislation? What would it look like? What that legislation would do is provide comprehensive health care coverage to all with zero out-of-pocket expenses. And unlike the current system, it would provide full freedom of choice regarding health care providers. No more insurance premiums, no more deductibles, no more co-ayments, no more filling out endless forms and fighting with insurance companies to get the coverage that you paid for. no more networks to be treated by a doctor who is not in your network who can charge you some astronomical cost. And it would also mean when we talk about comprehensive the coverage of dental care, last I heard dental care is healthcare, vision, hearing aids, prescription drugs, and home health care.

And importantly, when we have a Medicare for all program, it gives Americans the freedom to switch jobs without losing their health insurance. Right now, you got millions of people who are staying at a job that they don't like because it provides decent health care to their families. That is kind of crazy unto itself. And under our legislation, healthc care becomes a human right guaranteed to all and not a job benefit. If there's a recession and people lose their jobs, they lose their health care because their health care is tied to their jobs.

We saw that during the terrible COVID pandemic and everybody gets access to the same quality healthcare. Yes, workers at McDonald's. Here's a radical idea. Workers at McDonald's deserve the same quality health care as executives on Wall Street.

Well, would a Medicare for all health care system be expensive? Yes, it would. But while providing comprehensive health care for all, no more out-of-pocket expenses, no more premiums, no more deductibles, it would be significantly less expensive than our current dysfunctional system.

Now, why why would that be the case? Well, because it would eliminate an enormous amount of the bureaucracy, profitering, administrative costs, and misplaced priorities inherent in our current forprofit system. The function of the current system is to make profits for the insurance companies and the drug companies. That's what this system is about. And in built into that system is all kinds of disincentives for quality and inexpensive care. In fact, the Congressional Budget Office has estimated that Medicare for all would save the American people $650 billion each and every year.

Under Medicare for all, there would no longer be armies of insurance employees billing us. Go to any hospital in Alabama or Vermont or any place else. Go down in the basement. You know what you're going to find? Not doctors, not nurses, not people who provide health care. You're going to have people billying you, people hounding you for your late payments. Those people are not contributing to making us healthy. They are part of an administrative system that is costing us huge amounts of money. When you have a simple system, health care for all, publicly funded, it not only substantially reduces administrative cost, it would make life a lot easier for patients, doctors, and nurses who would never again have to fight their way through the nightmare of insurance company bureaucracy.

So right now I am glad that my Republican colleagues are finally being forced to actually talk about healthcare. I am not impressed by some of the ideas that they have brought forth. But at least it's a discussion.

So let me propose what I think is the way out of this shutdown. It ain't complicated. Overwhelmingly, people who consider themselves Democrats, consider themselves Republicans, consider themselves independents, do not want to see these ACA subsidies ended. Not complicated. They don't want to see a doubling in their insurance rates. And by the way, if you end these subsidies, it impacts Republican states more than Democratic states. So, people don't want to see it.

Is the Affordable Care Act the long-term solution to healthcare in America? No, it is not. So, why don't we do something simple? Why don't we just extend these ACA premiums so we don't double premiums for millions of people and then why don't we have a discussion about where we go forward on healthcare. All right. I think that is a common sense solution.

So, Madame President, I think I have solved the problem here in the 39th day of the shutdown. Let us have at least a one-year extension. Let's have a debate on healthcare. Let's involve the American people in healthcare. Let's put our federal employees back to work with a paycheck. Thank you all. I yield the floor. Yeah.