Speaker: Bernie Sanders
Source: /Users/jstenger/Documents/repos/trading/kalshi-research/data-bernie/raw-transcripts/new/2026-04-15.LIVE Senate Votes to Block Arms Sales to Israel.txt
================================================================================

Thank you. Uh, Mr. President, let me begin by thanking Senator Kelly, not only for his remarks uh and his work as a US senator, but for his service to our country in the military, and I very much appreciate his support uh for these resolutions.

Mr. President, 60% of our people here in the United States live paycheck to paycheck. They are struggling to pay for groceries, for housing, for health care, and increasingly the ability to fill up their gas tanks in their cars in order to get to work. We also have a $ 37 trillion national debt. Bottom line, the American people, whether they are Democrats, Republicans, or independents, conservatives, moderates, or progressives, want to make certain that their tax dollars are spent responsibly and in strong and growing numbers. They do not want us to continue spending billions of their taxpayer dollars in support of the illegal, horrific, and expansionist war policies of the Netanyahu government in Israel. Since October 7th, 2023, the United States has provided over 21 billion dollars. $21 billion in military aid to Israel. And today we are saying loudly and clearly enough is enough.

Mr. President, we all know that on October 7th, 2023, Kamas, a terrorist organization, attacked Israel. They killed more than 1,200 innocent men, women, and children and took hundreds of hostages. I believe that there is no disagreement in this chamber. That like any other country on earth, Israel had the absolute right to respond to that barbaric kamas attack. But, Mr. President, Israel did not have the right to violate international law and wage an allout war of unspeakable destruction against the entire Palestinian people in what experts have correctly concluded is a genocide. Israel did not have the right out of a population of 2.2 2 million to kill more than 72,000 Palestinians in Gaza and wound over 170,000. That is more than 10% of the population. If that happened here in America, that would be over 30 million Americans dead or wounded. And in Gaza, a strong majority of the dead and wounded are women, children, and the elderly. And by the way, that number is likely an underestimate as to the tragedy as bodies are literally being pulled out of the rubble every single day.

Mr. President, Israel did not have the right to destroy virtually all of Gaza's infrastructure, including its water and sewer systems and its supply of electricity. They did not have the right to demolish every one of Gaza's 12 universities along with hundreds of schools, dismantling their entire educational system. Vast majority of the children in Gaza today are not in school. Israel did not have the right to indiscriminately bomb civilian neighborhoods and damage or destroy over 90% of the housing units in Gaza. Over 90% damaged or destroyed, resulting in the vast majority of the population there now sleeping in tents. That is where they are today. Israel did not have the right to bomb over 90% of the hospitals in Gaza hospitals and kill 1,700 healthcare workers. And Mr. President, Israel did not have the right to impose a blockade which prevented food, water, and medicine from entering Gaza. resulting in thousands of Palestinians being diagnosed with malnutrition and hundreds actually starving to death.

But Mr. President, today we're not just talking about Gaza. In the West Bank, in direct violation of international law that protects Palestinian territory, Israeli soldiers and settlers since October 2023, have killed over a thousand Palestinians, including 233 children. During that period, Mr. president. They have demolished more than 6,000 Palestinian homes and established more than 200 new illegal settlements and outposts in Palestinian territory. And let us be clear because I think there is some confusion about this. This is not these actions are not just the uh results of some extremists out of control settlers who are just doing whatever they want. Those actions are consistent with Israeli government policy. Netanyahu's security cabinet has approved the most sweeping changes to the West Bank's legal status since 1967, removing nearly all constraints on settlement expansion. Netanyahu himself declared, this is Netanyahu, quote, there will never be a Palestinian state. End quote. And I say that to some people here who still say, "Well, we're in favor of a two-state solution." That is not Mr. Netanyahu's position. Quote, he said, "There will never be a Palestinian state." His finance minister, Bazal Smotri, bragged that new settlement construction in the West Bank would bury, that's his word, bury the idea of a Palestinian state.

But Mr. President, it is not just Gaza and the West Bank. We now know that Netanyahu convinced President Trump to start an unprovoked and unconstitutional war on Iran. For 40 years, for 40 years, Netanyahu has wanted the United States to participate with Israel in a war against Iran. And finally, after 40 years of effort, he finally found in Trump a president willing to go along. He couldn't get Democrats, president, Democratic presidents in the past. Couldn't get Republican presidents in the past. In Trump, he finally found a president willing to go along. This war in violation of international This war in violation of international law has resulted already in the deaths of thousands of civilians, including hundreds of children in Iran and Lebanon, including 26 Israeli civilians who are now dead and 13 American soldiers who have lost their lives so far in this conflict.

Mr. President, all over the world, certainly including the United States, hundreds of millions of innocent people are suffering the economic consequences of this war with higher prices and growing scarcity of basic goods. I believe that in Vermont now, the price of gas, regular gas, is about $4 a gallon. Parts of the country, it is even higher than that.

But, Mr. president for Netanyahu. Gaza was not enough. Attacking Iran was not enough. Netanyahu is now waging a full-blown war of expansion against Lebanon. That war in Lebanon has not only killed more than 2,000 people, but has resulted in Israel occupying 14% of Lebanese territory. Let me repeat that. The war in Lebanon has not only killed more than 2,000 people, but has resulted in Israel occupying 14% of Lebanese territory.

Mr. President, the Israeli defense min minister Israel cats has announced that all Lebanese border villages will be demolished will be demolished. His exact words following quote the model in Gaza demolish border villages. Bazal Smotric, the finance minister, has warned that Da, a suburb of South Beirut, quote, will look like Kunis and quote, a city in Gaza that Israel reduced to rubble. In other words, what they did in parts what they did in Gaza is now what they in intend to do in parts of Lebanon. And these, Mr. President, are not threats. They are promises.

For all of the reasons that I have given and more, and you're going to hear more from some of my colleagues in a few moments, support for Israel in this country has plummeted. Today, according to a recent Pew poll, 80% of Democrats now have an unfavorable opinion of Israel and 41% of Republicans share that view.

And the numbers in all parties among young people are even higher. Young people, whether they are young Democrats, progressives, conservatives, do not want us to continue to fund the horrific war policies of Netanyahu. A recent Quinnipiac poll also found that 60% including 3/4 of Democrats, twothirds of independents, and 37% of Republicans. I say that to my Republican colleagues. 37% of Republicans do not want the US sending more military aid to Israel. And that is why, Mr. President, I am offering today two joint resolutions of disapproval. The only formal mechanism Congress has to block an arm sale. The first resolution would block the sale of 151 million in 1,000 pound bombs. The second would block 295 million in bulldozers, the machines used to demolish homes in the West Bank and Gaza, and make a Palestinian state physically impossible. Mr. President, the time is long overdue for members of the US Senate to start listening to the American people and not to Apac. The time is now for us to end all US military aid to the extremist Netanyahu government and a yes vote is an important way forward. Uh, Mr. President, with that I would yield to my colleague from Maryland, uh, Senator Chris Van Holland.

And that was because the Netanyahu government fueled by extremist Israeli national security minister Ben Gavir and finance minister Smatrich and supported by the Trump administration was blocking humanitarian aid from reaching Palestinians in Gaza. The large-scale bombs covered by those resolutions went far beyond what Israel needed for its defense. Their use would cause indiscriminate damage and only worsen the humanitarian catastrophe in Gaza. Now, the need for restrictions on military aid to Netanyahu has only taken on renewed urgency. The Trump administration is proposing to sell to Netanyahu 1,000 pound bombs and armored bulldozers that Netanyahu could use not only in Gaza, the West Bank, and Lebanon, but also in Trump's illegal and unnecessary war in Iran. I fully support the current ceasefire with Iran. But tenuous as it may be, Vice President JD Vance's bid for a peace deal in Pakistan last weekend failed and fighting could resume at any time. So make no mistake, a vote to approve arm sales to Israel at this time would be seen as a message of approval for Trump and Netanyahu's disastrous war against Iran. I will not send that message. Trump's war of choice in Iran is a moral tragedy, an economic disaster playing out before our eyes. It is only making the United States, Israel, and the world less safe. Let us count the ways. One, we have seen thousands of civilian deaths in Iran and Lebanon. More than 100 Iranian school girls have been killed by American weapons and 13 American service members have been killed and hundreds injured. Two, the United States and the Netanyahu government are losing credibility. In particular, President Trump's threats of war crimes and genocide against Iran are a total abocation of moral leadership on the global stage and must be opposed here and everywhere. Three, the United States and Iran are blockading the straight of Hamuz, crippling the global economy and sending energy prices skyhigh. Four, gas prices in America are a$120 a gallon higher than before the war. Vehicle owners will be paying $500 to $600 more here in the United States uh over the course of this next year. It is going to be Trump at the pump. The American people are going to be paying for this war. And five, this dangerous, unnecessary, and expensive war has cost the American taxpayer about $50 billion so far, with the Trump administration seeking hundreds of billions of dollars more as part of a $1.5 trillion military budget, which must be rejected. And six, Iran still controls its uranium. And seven, there has been no regime change. We just swapped out one Ayatollah for another and eight Iranians are still not free. Why would we send American military weapons that could prolong, escalate, or worsen this horrible situation in the Middle East? I say no more. The Senate should express its opposition to Trump and Netanyahu's needless war and seek to stop it. Number one, we should pass these resolutions to block thousand pound bombs and armored bulldozers for use in this war. Two, we should pass a war powers resolution that denies President Trump the authority to continue this war. And three, we should reject any request for funding to pay for Trump's war of choice. Today, we must send a clear message that the United States Senate opposes in the strongest possible terms Trump and Netanyahu's dangerous, expensive, unnecessary, and immoral war. There is no military solution to this crisis. We must solve this at the negotiating table. We must end this war now. We must pass these resolutions uh in order to have the United States Senate speak to our outrage at what is happening in the name of the American people. Mr. President, uh with that, I yield.

let me thank um Senator Van Holland and Senator Mkeley and Senator Marque and Senator Kaine and before that uh Senator Kelly for their remarks. The American people increasingly are sick and tired of spending billions of dollars in support of illegal, horrific military actions on the part of the Netanyahu government. We have spent tens of billions of dollars already. Gaza has been destroyed. 10% of the population dead or wounded. Netanyahu got Trump into a war in Iran. Thousands of civilians are now dead, including many children. And now Netanyahu is at war in Lebanon. Thousands of civilians dead, civilian neighborhoods bombed, a million people displaced from their homes, and 14% of Lebanese territory occupied by Israel. What the American people are saying is enough. And by the way, this is bipartisan. It's not just Democrats, not just independents. It is significant number of Republicans who remember President Trump talking about America first, talking about the needs to invest in this country, not in bombs and bulldozers to destroy people in the Middle East. So with that, Mr. President, I would hope that we would have a very strong vote in support of these resolutions to tell Netanyahu, to tell the world that enough is enough. And with that, Mr. President, I yield the floor.