Speaker: Bernie Sanders
Source: /Users/jstenger/Documents/repos/trading/kalshi-research/data-bernie/raw-transcripts/new/2026-03-19.My Address to the National Community Action Foundation.txt
================================================================================

Thank you.

Thank you very very much. Uh, and let me thank David for his introduction and thank him for all of the work that he has done for so many years. David and I have worked together for decades, and there are very few people in America have stood up for low-income people uh more aggressively and effectively than uh David Bradley. David, thank you so much.

And let me let me thank all of you. Uh, you have an incredibly difficult and stressful job and I don't know frankly that I could do your job. You may not be able to do my job, but I know I couldn't do your job. And the reason for that is that every day uh people walk into your offices who don't have enough money to heat their homes, don't have enough money to feed their kids, uh or pay for rent or pay for health care, uh or take care of the basic necessities of life. And too often you don't have the resources to help them. And that is a very painful situation to be in. So I think my main message this afternoon is a pretty simple one and that is in the richest country in the history of the world every man, woman and child in America should have a decent standard of living.

And I want you to remember that because it gets lost in the shuffle a little bit and people talk about austerity and they talk about this. We are not a poor country. If we were a poor country, I would as a United States senator have to come before you and say, "I'm sorry. We're a poor country. We can't afford to provide health care to all people. We can't afford to feed the children or to house the homeless. We just can't afford it. That is not the case. This is the richest country again in the history of the world and there is no excuse that so many people are struggling for basic necessities.

And I want to spend a minute talking about an issue that does not get talked a lot in the halls of Congress or in the corporate media. And that is the unprecedented level of income and wealth inequality that exists today. And here is the simple truth. A lot of people don't want to talk about it for kind of obvious reasons, but the truth is that never before in American history have so few had so much wealth and so much power. That is the simple truth. 60% of our people are living paycheck to paycheck. A few blocks from here, there are people sleeping out on the street. And yet, the wealthiest people in this country have never ever had it so good. And this issue of income and wealth inequality is not just a moral issue of some folk some folks having hundreds of billions of dollars or so many people have nothing. It becomes a political issue in the sense that these multi-billionaires are not content with what they have and they want more and more and more. And in order to do that, they are now spending an unprecedented amount of money on campaign contributions to both political parties. So increasingly you have a government that does not represent the needs of ordinary people but represents the needs of the 1%. Does anybody in their right mind think that it makes sense to give a trillion dollar in tax breaks to the top 1% and then throw 15 million people off the healthcare? that they have. Nobody thinks that makes sense. And yet that is precisely what has happened. We spend a trillion dollars plus a year on the military and we are the only major country on earth that does not guarantee health care to all. So what you're seeing is not only massive income and wealth inequality and what that means from a moral perspective. One man in America owns more wealth than the bottom 53% of American households. How's that? Is that what America is supposed to be about? I don't think so. And then they use that wealth politically to make sure that we don't have a Congress that stands up for low-income and working people. Increasingly, they own the media. You may have seen that. Billionaires buying more and more of the media, own the social media. So we don't discuss the important issues facing America. Now, I get around the country a lot. I got all my sight and I get around the country and I will tell you that there is a massive disconnect from what goes on here in Washington and what's going on in neighborhoods all over this country. The American people understand that our current health care system is collapsing. They understand that there is something wrong, fundamentally wrong in a system in which we spend over $15,000 for every man, woman, and child. You got that? A family of four, we're spending 15 uh we're spending $60,000. 15 time four. And yet, despite that huge expenditure, which is double what other major countries are spending, we got 85 million Americans who are uninsured or underinsured. The function of a rational health care system is not to allow large pharmaceutical companies and insurance companies to make huge profits. It's to guarantee health care to all as a human right.

Today in America, we have not only 800,000 Americans who are homeless, we have 20 million households who are spending 50% or more of their limited incomes on housing. Now, how the hell do you survive economically if you're spending 50% of your income on housing? And what happens when a landlord comes in and says, "Oh, by the way, it's a tight housing market. I can raise your rent by 20%." What do you do? And families all over America are struggling with that. So, here's a radical idea, and that is that maybe instead of giving a trillion dollars in tax breaks to the top 1%, maybe we build the millions and millions of units of lowincome and affordable housing that we need.

And when we talk about what's going on in this country, it's not just a bunch of statistics. Our life expectancy, as many of you know, despite all the money that we spend on health care, is lower than other wealthy nations. You all know that it's about three, four years lower. But here's something that you probably don't know because it doesn't get talked about very much. And that is if you are low income or working class, you are going to live in this country 7 years shorter lives than wealthy people. In other words, poverty is a death sentence. Why is that? You deal with it every day. Why? Why do low-income and working-class people die at a significantly lower age than the wealthy? What's the answer? Health care is one. What's the other answer? Food is another. What's the other answer?

You see that every day, do you not? All right. If you are struggling to feed your families or pay the rent, what does that do to you physically and mentally? It's enormous stress. And the doctors have documented it. We did a hearing some years ago and they I I think basically it came down to the physiology of poverty. You understand what I mean by that? Other words, people dealing with enormous stress every day, they can't cope with it. Affects them mentally. It affects them physically. But it's not just that. I get a little bit tired of some of my colleagues talking about how much they love America. Very patriotic. Well, if you love America, you know who else you love? You love the children in our country because they are the future of America, right?

And if you love the children, you do not have in the wealthiest country on earth the highest rate of childhood poverty of almost any major country on earth. You do not have millions of kids. Hard to believe. We've come to accept it. We should not. Today, as we speak, in the richest country on earth, there are families all over America struggling to feed their kids. And the school lunch programs and the school breakfast programs in many, many cases become the only decent meal that children in America get. We must never ever accept that that is what this country is about. And it's not just the children that we abuse in so many ways. It is the senior citizens of this country.

All right. And again, when you think about a value system, I'm asking you to think radically, right? If you were to sit there and say, "All right, what are some of the most important jobs?" Some guy on in Wall Street's buying and selling stock and worrying about what the price of money is in Japan. Is that really all that important? or is it more important to give the little ones the e the emotional and intellectual support that they need? And I think the answer is if you love the kids, you got to give them the support. That means that child care head start workers should be honored and appreciated and be paid living wages with good benefits.

It means that we should have I I don't know the exact number maybe 10 20 years ago we generally regarded as having the best public education system of the world. Not the case anymore. It is very hard to attract good teachers into public schools today. You know why? Because the pay and the working conditions are really in many cases abysmal. I know in my state, in some of the rural areas, in a rural state, we're talking about teachers getting 35 $40,000 when the price of housing is really high. How are you going to attract the best and the brightest? So, we got to change and rethink our value system and not simply honor and worship the billionaires, but maybe the child care workers and the teachers who are doing so much to create a good generation of Americans.

So brothers and sisters, there is a lot in front of us and this is an incredibly difficult moment. But I I believe speaking for myself uh that we have never been in a more challenging moment than we are facing today. It's not only that we have an unbalanced kleptocratic president. uh it is that we have a Congress that is way out of touch with where the American people are. And in the midst of all of that, it is easy to put our heads in the sand and uh live in despair. But we cannot do that, not just for ourselves, but for future generations. And as someone who has traveled all over this country, I will tell you absolutely, not just Democrats, not just independents, not just Republicans, the overwhelming majority of the American people understand that there is something fundamentally wrong in the way government is running today. And they want change. They want to see a government they want a new set of priorities. And they want to see a government which represents all people, not just the people on top.

And in terms of the people on top, I got to say this because I work with these people and I know them. They are extremely greedy people. You would think that if you had a few billion dollars, you might be content. They're not. They want more and more and more. And they really don't care whom they destroy in the process. And if you destroy Social Security and Medicaid and Medicare in order to get huge tax rates, that's the way it is. They have the wealth, they have the power, they own the politicians, and that's what they can and will do.

That's the bad news. But there is a good news as well. And that is that all over this country I think people are beginning to understand that we do not want to live in an authoritarian society. We do not want to live in an oligarchic society and we want to see a government that serves the needs of ordinary people not just wealthy campaign contributors.

So let me just conclude by once again uh expressing my gratitude and appreciation for what you do. Your job is enormously difficult. It is heartbreaking uh because of what you see. You're in the trenches and you see the reality of American society every day. You see lives being destroyed that should not be destroyed. You see kids going without older people having very little to survive on. You're seeing it. That's your work. So, I want to thank you from the bottom of my heart for what you are doing and to tell you that I and some of my colleagues here in Congress are going to do everything that we can to make sure that your jobs are easier, that you have the resources that you need to make sure that your people, our people have the quality of life that they deserve. Thank you all very much.