Speaker: Bernie Sanders
Source: /Users/jstenger/Documents/repos/trading/kalshi-research/data-bernie/raw-transcripts/new/2026-04-30.LIVE The Existential Threat of AI and the Need for International Cooperation.txt
================================================================================

Let me thank uh everybody for coming out tonight. Let me thank our panelists uh for being here. Uh Dr. M Max Tegmark from MIT, Dr. David Krug from the University of Montreal, Dr. Zang Yi from Beijing Institute of AI Safety and Governance, and Dr. Schue Lan from Chinwa University. Uh, and I want to offer a special thanks to our Chinese guests who are uh up at 7 o'clock in the morning to be here. So, we thank you very much.

Most knowledgeable observers believe that we are at the beginning of the most profound technological revolution in world history. A revolution that will bring unimeaginable changes to our society in the months and years ahead. The scale, scope and speed of this transformation will be unprecedented. According to Deis Hassabus, who is the head of Google deep mind, the AI revolution will be 10 times 10 times bigger than the industrial revolution and 10 times faster. In other words, this technological revolution could have 100 times the impact of the industrial revolution. And it's not just what AI companies are saying, it's what they are doing. Over the course of this year, four major AI companies are expected to spend almost 700 billion dollars building data centers and tens of billions more on research and development. That is equivalent to what we spent on the entire Manhattan project which built the atom bomb during World War I every three weeks. That's the magnitude of what these guys are spending.

We are already starting to see AI's impact. There are estimates from very credible sources that tens of millions of jobs could be lost here in the United States in the next 10 years. Whole professions wiped out and young people finding it harder and harder to land entrylevel jobs. Psychologists worry about the mental health challenges facing our young people and about the increased isolation they experience when they become more and more dependent on AI chatbots for their emotional support. Civil libertarians tell us that AI will be able to analyze every email, every text, every phone call, every website visit, every purchase that we make, and that our privacy rights may well be eviscerated. Political scientists worry that AI could threaten the integrity of our elections and political institutions where voters will find it increasingly difficult to tell the difference between truth and lies.

And yet, as enormously significant as all of these profound changes might seem, there is another AI development that could have an even more frightening impact. If AI becomes smarter than human beings, as many scientists believe will happen, the human race could lose control over this technology with catastrophic consequences. In other words, the richest, most powerful people in the world are now building a runaway train with no breaks. They acknowledge that they don't understand how it works and they don't know where it is heading. And that is not just Bernie Sanders talking. Just a few days ago, right here in the US Senate, exop AI board member Helen Toner said, and I quote, "AI companies are deadly serious about building machines that will outperform humans at everything, and deadly serious that they don't know if they'll be able to control the machines they create." Yosua Benjio, the most cited living scientist in the world, says, quote, "We are playing with fire and we still don't know how to make sure the machines won't turn against us." End quote. Jeffrey Hinton, the Nobel Prize winner go and the godfather of AI says there is a quote 10 to 20% chance for AI to wipe us out. end quote. Andrew Yao, the Turing Award winner, says AI could pose existential risks to humanity. Quote, "Once large models become sufficiently intelligent, they will deceive people." End quote. David Saxs, a top White House AI advisor, said in a now deleted tweet, quote, AI is a wonderful tool for the betterment of humanity. AGI, artificial general intelligence, is a potential successor species. End quote. In 2023, more than a thousand leading AI experts, including people like Elon Musk, signed a letter warning that quote, "Contemporary AI systems are now becoming human competitive at general tasks. And we must ask ourselves, should we let machines flood our information channels with propaganda and untruth? Should we automate away all the jobs, including the fulfilling ones? And most importantly, should we develop nonhuman minds that might eventually outnumber, outsmart, obsolete, and replace us? Should we risk loss of control of our civilization? End quote. Those same experts called for AI labs to quote immediately pause for at least six months end quote and if such a pause were not enacted called on governments to quote step in and institute a moratorium end quote. Also that year, that same year, hundreds of researchers, this time joined by the CEOs of the major AI companies, including Sam Alman of Open AI, Dario Amodi of anth Anthropic, and Dennis Habibus of Google, DeepMind, issued a very simple joint statement. It is one sentence long, but its implication is profound. Mitigating the risk of extinction from AI. Let me repeat that. Mitigating the risk of extinction from AI should be a global priority alongside other societal scale risks such as pandemics and nuclear war. End quote. These concerns have been around for years and are only growing.

Given the fact that leading scientists all over the world are telling us about the existential threat posed by AI, one might think that the United States government and governments all over the world would make this a top top priority. One might think that given the risk of extinction that people are talking about, there would have been a pause on AI development as we figured out how to make this technology safe, how to make this technology serve humanity, not threaten our very existence. Has that happened? No, it has not. One might think that given the very real threat to humanity, countries might come together to regulate this technology through an international treaty like we did with nuclear weapons at the height of the Cold War. Has that happened? No, it has not. I'm a member of the United States Senate and I can tell you unequivocally that there has been no serious discussion about this existential threat.

Bottom line, what I believe and what I suspect that most people in the United States, China, and around the world believe is that we need international cooperation between the nations of the world to prevent the possibility of a cataclysmic development. We need to cooperate. We need dialogue. And that is why I am delighted to have some of the leading AI scientists here in the United States and in China joining me this evening. All of them have spent years studying artificial intelligence and the risks this revolutionary technology presents. Dr. Max Tegmark is a professor doing AI research at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology MIT. Dr. Tegmark organized the 2023 statement signed by over a thousand AI experts warning about the risks of human competitive AI. Dr. David Kroger is an assistant professor in robust reasoning and responsible AI at the University of Montreal. Dr. Krueger initiated the extinction risk statement signed by the heads of major AI companies. Dr. Zang Yi is dean of the Beijing Institute of AI Safety and Governance. Dr. Zang is a member of China's National New Generation Artificial Intelligence Governance Expert Committee and the United Nations High Level Advisory Board on AI. Dr. Schue Lan is a distinguished professor at Shinua University. Dr. is the chair of China's national new generation artificial intelligence govern expert committee and a senior fellow at Brooklyn Brookens Brookings Institute. So with that let me once again thank our panelists to uh for being here and let us begin the discussion. Let me begin uh with a very simple question.

give us the good news. We're all eagerly waiting.

You desperately need that. I was going to save it for your solutions section, but I'll add some here.

Okay, what I want to do now, I mean we have talked about the enormous challenges humanity faces. Let's spend a few minutes talking about how we best go forward. Let me go back to China uh with Dr. Schu. Uh Dr. Schu, if I could ask you, what is China doing today today to regulate the risks presented by AI?

Well, I think you're right. I got into this issue not because I am a big tech guy. As my wife will tell you, I have a hard time running our TV, let alone. But what I observed is what we were talking about tonight is that we have a global crisis dealing with the survival of the human race. And I go to work here in the morning and I expect people to be talking about the most important issues facing humanity and I don't hear it. Now the good news is that for a variety of reasons and in a variety of ways whether it's opposition to data centers or whatever people are beginning to stand up and say you know what we want to say in this process we don't want to let just the wealthiest people in the world run over us with possibly incredibly disastrous results. So I think we are I think I think Max you're right. I think more and more people are becoming sensitive to this issue and what we've got to do is take this issue all over the world and bring countries together. We've done it in the past with regard to nuclear weapons. We've done it in the past regarding working together on pandemics. We can do it on this. So with that, let me very much thank our friends in China uh for joining us. Thank you.

And let me thank uh Max and David for all the great work they're doing. Thank you all very much.