Speaker: Bernie Sanders
Source: /Users/jstenger/Documents/repos/trading/kalshi-research/data-bernie/raw-transcripts/new/2026-04-14.LIVE AI and Robotics Where Do We Go From Here.txt
================================================================================

Okay. Okay, 5 4 3 2 1. Thank you all very much for joining us this afternoon and a special thanks to Dr. Jane Sanders. I know her very well. She does a good job and David Sanders uh the Sanders Institute uh the Sanders Institute tries to focus on some of the most important issues facing our country and what we're going to be discussing today certainly is one of those issues and I also want to thank Congressman Ro Khanna, I think he's most people know Ro has been a leader on so many issues uh in the house uh in my view has done an extraordinary job. Ro, thanks very much uh for being with us and we're also delighted to have uh Naomi Klein with us. Naomi is one of the outstanding writers uh in America. Uh her book The Shock Doctrine shocked the business class got them upset. It was a very important book and she has written many others since and you're working on a book on AI right now, is that correct? Yeah. Okay. All right, the issue that we're talking about right now is an issue of enormously profound consequence. And every day we find the American people more and more worried about what's going on. Every day there's another article in some magazine or newspaper about another breakthrough that is taking place. Bottom line is this is not according to me, but it's according to people who know a lot more than I do. This AI robotics revolution is the most sweeping technological change that the world has ever seen. And people talk about the changes that the Industrial Revolution brought, which were profound. This is going to move a lot faster with a lot more impact. Uh according, for example, the Demis Hassabis, who is the head of Google DeepMind the AI revolution will be 10 times bigger than the Industrial Revolution and 10 times faster. 10 * 10 is 100. It will have a hundred times the impact of uh the Industrial Revolution. A lot of issues uh to discuss, but let me start it off uh with Ro and Naomi by telling them what they already know what most of Americans know. This revolution is being pushed by the wealthiest people in the world. We're talking about Elon Musk uh Jeff Zuckerberg uh uh uh Jeff Bezos uh Peter Thiel and other multi multi-billionaires who are spending hundreds and hundreds, if not trillions of dollars combined uh trying to do the research and the implementation for these technologies. So, let me start off with a question for Naomi and Ro. And I think it's important for us to do with What are the motives of these guys? Do the American people think that uh Jeff Bezos and Elon Musk are sitting up nights saying, "Wow, we got this technology. We're going to improve life for working people. Wow, that's what we want to do." Naomi, what do you think their motives are?

Ro, what's their motives? You and Ro represent Silicon Valley where a lot of these guys live and work. What's your sense, Ro? And they're upset at me because of our billionaire tax that we've Yes, I know. proposed.

All right. Help me out here. Explain to people what we all already seeing in terms of uh economics. Just one example, let me start the discussion off in in this way. Uh last month I was with Ro up in Stanford. When we were there, we met with a bunch of folks and we were in uh uh Berkeley. Uh and we uh took a ride on a a Waymo. And I trust everybody knows what a Waymo is. It's a driverless vehicle. So, they're all over San Francisco now. And the driverless uh car companies are expanding throughout the country. Uh in Texas, as we speak, there are 18-wheeler trucks on the road without a human being in it. 18 wheels. Uh the guess is, again, people who know more than I do, that unless we rethink this, in 10 15 years, there will not be truck drivers in America. There will not be bus drivers, cab drivers, Uber drivers. There will be a loss of millions and millions of jobs. And in terms of AI, we're already seeing the impact on young people in terms of uh young college kids having a hard time getting entry-level jobs. So, what do you guys think? Naomi, what are you saying?

that up. Not everybody is as knowledgeable as you are. So, what does it mean that they have now absorbed millions of books and all kinds of things?

Well, well, I think it's so important to realize uh the billionaires. And I've shared before that there 19 billionaires who have over $3 trillion of wealth, 12 and 1/2% of GDP. It's three times the wealth concentration as the Gilded Age with Rockefeller, Carnegie, Morgan. And yeah, they built businesses, but it was built on both massive public investment and extraction. Let me explain briefly both. Uh the public investment, I mean, the internet was created by NSF funding from UCLA to Stanford. It is uh tax dollars that funded the creation of AI. And a lot of that was done at ImageNet at Stanford, at Dartmouth, uh done at the University of Toronto in Canada. And then you look at the extraction, what you're talking about, Naomi, that they are literally taking data from every American. Uh they are uh taking content uh in terms of what they're actually building their models on. Uh they are, as Senator Sanders led, underpaying workers with public subsidies. I mean, that was the whole Amazon fight that they're basically getting uh workers subsidized by tax dollars uh and not paying them a fair wage. They're engaged in stock buybacks. So, it's not like they've had a clean uh way of building uh these fortunes. And so, when I when they say, "Well, don't how have we built this money?" And I say, "Well, the reason I believe you should have a tax on billionaires of 5% is because you had massive public subsidy and there was massive uh exploitation, extractiveness in the economy that allowed you to do that. Now, with this money, I think we do two things. One, my view is we should have regulations saying you have to have truck drivers on a truck. I mean, I don't want planes without a pilots. Uh you know, we want to have I don't want 6 million people uh left out in uh without a job. Uh but beyond that, I suggested we use this money to create a work for America program where the federal government models of Roosevelt hiring people to do things to build community, to build rebuild their towns, to rebuild the country, uh not just becoming uh data folks. I mean, doing things for the parks and health care and community. Uh and I in my view, that would be something that could be a generation patriotic jobs agenda. Uh let me just mention, when we talk about the economy, how bold and aggressive these guys are. Um the Wall Street Journal reported uh recently that Jeff Bezos wants to raise $100 billion to to do what? To automate factories in America and around the world. In English, you know what that means? It means there will no longer be manufacturing jobs in the United States or in warehouses. He wants to get rid of the 600,000 Amazon workers, replace them with robots. Elon Musk is converting Tesla, uh at least partially, to a robotics company. He wants to produce a million robots a year. And as these guys just said, what do you think a robot is there for? It's to replace a human worker. I don't know, nobody knows what these robots will cost, but assuming 20 or 30,000 dollars, that's a hell of a lot cheaper than paying somebody 60, 70, 80,000 dollars a year, health benefits, vacation time, dealing with unions, and so forth, and so on. That is what we are looking at economically. And the polling is really quite clear on this. People do not believe what the establishment is telling us. All this is just another economic change. Yeah, we'll lose jobs, but we're going to gain some other jobs. People do not believe that.

Well, taking a step further, just let's think about this for a moment. The the idea that we're still fighting wars and killing zillions of people in Ukraine and Gaza, Iran, is pathetic. I mean, it speaks not well of humanity. But historically at least, leaders had to make a decision. If I want to go to war, Vietnam War, whatever, I'm going to lose constituents. They're going to get angry at me, right? Their kids are going to get killed in the war. We're talking about wars now where we're not going to be fought by human beings. Which makes it easier, if you like, to go to war. Does it not?

Well, that's an enormous issue. I mean, it's an issue where they're not just taking our data, they're trying to figure out what we think. Uh they're targeting us to have the most uh sensational response without thought, and they're targeting young people, people under 18, especially young girls that who have had eating disorders because of the junk they're being fed, have had suicidal thoughts because of the junk they've been fed, and it was a dereliction of Congress. We have not passed any privacy legislation or restrictions really on social media companies as they've had total carte blanche to do what they want.

up on a point that both of you made. Um uh a couple of years ago, I think it was called the Pew Family Research at Ringing Bell, Pew Research, whatever. They're a prominent and reputable polling uh agency. And they asked a very interesting question. This gets beyond AI. They said in so many words do you think life is better for somebody like you, you know, you middle class, working class, upper income. Is life better for somebody like you today a couple of years ago than it was 50 years ago? You know what the answer was? Pretty overwhelmingly people said they thought life was better for somebody like them 50 years ago. You know, picking up with the point you're making. What is the purpose of this whole thing? All right? So, if you have a flat screen TV, that's great. I can watch the football game more clearly, great. But at the end of the day, what are we trying to do? For these guys efficiency is the whole thing. We as human beings want a little bit more out of life than just efficiency. Okay? And that is a discussion that we have not even begun to have. Uh and I worry and you know, it's when we talk about where we've been in the last number of decades and we've all worked on on these issues we know that it's not just economic in the sense that despite all of the technology out there, increase in worker productivity, workers doing much better today? They're not. Real wages are actually lower than they were 53 years ago. Now, what the hell is going to happen with all of this technology? Is it going to improve life? Everyone going to get wealthier? We going to be able to raise our kids in a happier way? Well, I don't think so. The American people don't think so. This is a but it gets I want to get back to a point that Ro made. Let me throw out to both of you. So, given the enormous level of anxiety that the American people feel about all of these issues given uh the unbelievable impact that AI and technology is going to have on our country and the world one might think that day and night there would be serious debates in the House and the Senate all kinds of good legislation coming up. Uh maybe I missed it, but I have seen virtually nothing. All right. Why is that happening? Ro who's interested in us not doing anything on these issues?

I mean, I just bluntly, you've got an administration that has handed the keys to the tech billionaires. They have no interest in uh making uh any regulatory framework. Uh they they they come to Congress once every 6 months. Uh they get yelled at and nothing changes. Uh and by the way, people should probably be yelling at the Congress as much as these uh these tech titans cuz they the Congress has just given them free reign. And they use this kind of jargon of technological superiority to hide the fact that it's a basic question of values. Uh and it's a question of are you going to stand up for kids and consumers and workers uh or are you just going to allow uh these technologists to to to to call the shots? But I I believe this is the issue of our time. Obviously, I'm biased. I represent that area. I see all these billions, but when you have 1/3 of the nation's wealth being produced in 50 miles in my district and you have massive people across this country saying that the American dream is dead and you have no sign of the AI revolution going to stop and if we're not talking about this issue, I just don't see how you talk about wealth inequality or income inequality or jobs or labor or anything else. We've got to get a handle on this or this is going to be worse than globalization and automation.

Well, they're offering my opponent all kinds of money.

Yeah, that's right. I know.
What we are saying I think these guys thought they can make the case say we're going to build all these data centers. We're going to move aggressively in AI and robotics. Everybody is going to see a higher standard of living. Don't worry about work anymore. Da da da da. Of course we don't want to pay anymore in taxes by the way, but forget about that.
But it it it didn't quite work out that way. What we are seeing uh in all over this country from in conservative areas, in progressive areas, people are saying, "Hey, uh thank you very much. We prefer not to have a data center in our community."
Naomi, you've written a little bit about this, why don't you? Say a few words.