[Music] Bernie. Oh, there's people back here now. All right. Uh, is everyone doing good? I don't really know what to say other than we love you and we're happy to be here genuinely. Oh, we're called Whitney. Yeah, honestly, audience participation is a good thing. It's gonna take the load off. All right. The song is called Golden. [Music] I put you through like I know you know you can't Shame together. Golden days away. [Music] It's [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Searching I feel so reflection [Music] the way I used to hope you [Music] Maybe there's no edge of the night. Maybe there's an end to the tears we cry. People change. It's okay. We knew it all along. We all know [Music] in the wind I'm turning round [Music] through a crowded street upside down. [Music] There's hope in the city. [Music] I can show you what it looks like. on the edge of the mind. Diving at the base of my fear of change. It's okay. Nothing's wrong. We do it all alone. We do it all alone. Oh, [Music] I'm okay. [Music] I knew it all along. Oh, it all along [Music] alone. [Music] You all alone. [Music] Bernie. All right, everyone. All all Gucci. Cool. seems like it. The weather is really lovely outside today. Uh, this next song is also new. It's a bit of a toetapper. I don't expect anyone to stand up or really do anything, move their bodies in any way, but you can tap that toe. Won't [Music] you speak your mind? There's plenty of time. So tell me about the way that you feel. What you really feel? You play yourself. I heard what you said. I don't know what you really mean. What you really mean. [Music] Tell me when you feel like you're all the [Music] something we had missing cuz I can't [Music] swept it away and carried [Music] Don't choose your [Music] plenty of time. So tell me about the way that you feel. [Music] You really feel your [Music] I heard what you said. I don't know what you really mean. What you really mean. [Music] Won't [Music] you take your life? There's plenty of time. Listen to me about the way that you feel. [Music] What you really feel. [Music] Don't you feel? I heard what you say. Oh, don't you really mean what you really mean? [Music] We'll make a living down the road. Cuz I got you holding on to see where we go. [Music] So you keep going. I want you. I can take you. I want to travel around with you. [Music] [Applause] [Music] When I was walking around, couldn't see you alone. [Music] I want to trust you to see what we know. [Music] So do you feel no matter where we go? I want to take you out. I want to jump around with you with the king and run all [Music] day. [Music] Oh, take you. I want to travel around with you. The wind blows down. [Music] Waiting for the morning sun. Are you coming home my love? Tears are falling one by one. I can feel you giving a heart. [Music] Give it a heart. [Music] Oh, [Music] we started losing touch. happy on me because you're the only one I go [Music] all [Music] Give it a home. Oh. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Giving [Music] Give it your heart. [Music] Give it a heart. [Music] Oh. [Music] Thank you, Bernie. [Music] All right. Uh, we have one song left. Uh, but yeah, sincerely, uh, thanks to Senator Sanders for having us. [Music] [Laughter] I left drinking on the city train to spend some time on the road. [Music] Then one morning I woke up in LA. Caught my breath on the coast. [Music] I've been going through a change and I might never be sure. I'm just walking in a haze and I'm not ready to turn. [Music] No woman. [Music] Oh, [Music] Midnight Driving through the B, going back on the road, coming home and I wish I could stay cuz I've been sleeping alone. I've been going through a change and I might never be sure. I'm just walking in the I'm not waiting to turn. Oh my heart. [Music] Oh my [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] I love drinking on the city train to spend some time on the road. Thank y'all so much. [Music] There's power in a factory, power in the land, power in the hand of the worker. But it all amounts to nothing. And together we don't stand. There is power in a union. Now the lessons of the past were all learned with workers blood. Stakes of the buses. We must fight more. From the cities and the far lands to trenches full of mud. wars who wise been the buses wiser. The union forever defending our rights bound with the black workers unite our brothers and our sisters many far off land. There is power in our union. Now I long for the morning that they realize brutality and unjust laws cannot defeat us. But who defend the workers who cannot organize and the bosses send their lies out to cheat us? Money speaks for money, the devil for his own. Who comes to speak for the skin and the bone? What a comfort to the widow, a light to the child. There is power in our union. [Music] But forever blending our rights now with the black world with our brothers and our sisters together we will stand. It's power in the union. [Music] [Music] The world is yours. The world is yours. [Music] The world is yours. I sat watching till I'm charging mechanical movement. Understandable smooth is that murderers move with the thief stip. activation react like I'm facing time like Mason with pins I'm embracing wipe the sweat off my spit the flame on the streets on my beats makes my cipher complete weather cruising in a six cab I can't call it the beats make me falling asleep I keep falling but never falling deep I'm out for presidents to represent me I'm out for presidents to represent me I'm out for dead presidents to represent me this the world is yours The world is yours. Whose world is this? The world is yours. The world is yours. [Music] It's yours. Whose world is this? The world is yours. The world is yours. To my man will go bless your life. To my wild queens. God bless your life. I tripping boxing crazy and all my baby beef with police. scriptures that's maybe Hitler yet I'm the ming foul the versatile honey sticking wild dwelling in the rotten apple you get tackled caught by the devil's lass soaking and tradition [Music] I did he lead the right direction how you Living larger broker charge cards are mediocre. You're flipping spits phases poker poker. It's yours. It's mine. Whose world is this? The world is yours. The world is yours. [Music] Yo, the world is yours. The world is yours. [Music] Jack hey [Music] [Music] hold myself down singleanded for murder to kick my thoughts alone. Geted born alone, die alone. No clue to keep my crown. I beat my sound alone from home. I need a new for me. It's too dark to see tomorrow. Trying to maintain. I flip through the pill to the tip. My make and I'm amped up. They lock the champ up. Even my brains headed for Indiana. The crew is big style. Paycheck. Check. One, two. Microphone. Check. Hello. Hello. Check. Check. Check. Yeah, yeah, yeah. [Music] It's [Music] the world is yours. The world is yours. [Music] It's yours. Yeah. All right. Everybody in the foundrooklyn know the world is yours. The world is yours. Everybody out. The world is yours. Long Island. The world is yours. The world is yours. [Music] [Music] [Music] He thought he was the king of America when they bought Coca-Cola. Now I try hard not to become hysterical. I got I'm laughing. I wish that I could push a button and talk in the past and not present. [Music] Check. Check. One, two. Check. One, two. Microphone check. Hello. Hello. Check. Check. Check. One, two. time. Now it's a crazy [Music] news. It was as much of the alphabet. She knew how you was unspeakable. It lingered in the air like her eyes. [Music] Oh, I said I see you. Isn't that very [Music] She showed me his calling. He gave a more than one or two. [Music] He was a de. Now he's a crazy mistake. [Music] He thought he was the king of America, but it was just the blue broken dreams they do in mirrors and the words whispers and the acts. Wish that I could push and talk in the past and not the present. And watch this feeling disappear like it was common sense. [Music] I wasn't fine. I for you. Now I'm afraid [Music] to stay. [Music] [Applause] I was fight now. [Music] Ladies and gentlemen, [Music] When you drop a nail through all that's good, the carpenter becomes the wood. If my concentration sounds like, it's got a new feeling every 30 [Music] Please welcome State Senator Robert Peters. [Applause] Good evening, Chicago. Can we make some noise and show the world how much Chicago feels the burn? I'm sorry they couldn't hear you. How much does Chicago love Bernie Sanders? I'm State Senator Robert Peters. I'm running for Congress in the Illinois second district. I'm so honored to be on this stage with some of my heroes. Congresswoman Delia Ramirez, [Applause] Senator Bernie Sanders, [Applause] and of course the amazing union members who spoke here and are here today. Bernie, thank you. Thank you for your constant moral clarity and your relentless organizing. Only you could bring us together tonight like this. 10 years ago. 10 years ago, I remember Bernie's first rally at Park Rest when he was running for president. I was a young community organizer and I was very nervous, maybe still nervous, to address the crowd at that rally. So many of us could see back then that Bernie was building a powerful movement for economic justice that would change the politics of our country forever. and I knew I wanted to be a part of it and I was proud to be a delegate for Bernie in 2016 and 2020. My belief in solidarity and the power of community is rooted in my own personal story. I was born heart of hearing to a mother who struggled with addiction. I needed therapy and surgery to be able to speak and hear. I learned from the parents who adopted me, a civil rights lawyer for a father and a social worker for a mom to stand up for those who need a voice. But like my biological mother, my adopted mother struggled with addiction and had a tough time. People worried that I wouldn't finish high school. In fact, people told my parents that I wouldn't graduate from 8th grade. In fact, people told my parents they should have never adopted me. That ain't right. It ain't right. It ain't right. But I had neighbors who had a door open during a time of need, a bed for me to stay in when I couldn't be home. I had a sense of community. In the last 40 years, we have seen politicians like Donald Trump try try to break these bonds and drive us further apart. We have already seen record levels of isolation. This is why I became an organizer because I want to rebuild that sense of community, rebuild that village. And I became a state senator because I wanted to be an organizer inside the state capital in Springfield. Alongside a badass coalition, I helped build and led the fight to end cash bail, making Illinois. [Applause] And in that fight, we have seen the power of grassroots organizing. And I want to say to Donald Trump, you're not going to attack our home state for making history. And if you send troops, we will resist you. Here's the truth. The truth is today in Illinois, we are all safer because no one is locked up just because they are too poor. And no person can buy their way out of jail just because they're rich. [Applause] I took what I learned as an organizer and I passed the Illinois Illinois Healthcare Protection Act. [Applause] Our movement stopped the predatory practices of big insurance companies on workingclass people, particularly working-class black or brown people. But look, all that could be lost because Donald Trump and Republicans in Congress are taking an axe to the programs that our communities depend on to survive. There is more work we need to get done, especially for communities like the second like the second congressional where more people rely on Medicaid than any other district in Illinois. In the second district, the food banks are already running out of food and people who rely on SNAP are going hungry. It says in the Bible, without a vision, the people will perish. We need a vision. And I'm grateful for Bernie for his vision for this country. And I want you to know I'm ready to join him in Washington and continue to be an organizer in the capital to get this done. Look, we have the vision. We have the vision to move people. That vision is simple. A vision where everyone has enough to eat. Where food deserts are a thing of the past. A vision where everyone has healthcare and every community has a good hospital. And we pass Medicare for all. A vision where everyone has a good job and has the power to organize their workplace. [Applause] A vision where every child has a good school and never has to worry about the cost of college. A vision where our students and professors at places like here at UIC, the University of Chicago, Northwestern, and Loyola have the right to research, teach, and learn without interference from the federal government. [Applause] And let me just say a vision where we have peace at home and peace abroad where safety comes through solidarity. We are the richest, most powerful country in the history of the world. We can give working people a life of safety, dignity, and comfort. There are people who say change like this is impossible. But when you grow up like I did, you refuse to ever believe what is and isn't possible. And let us remember, let us remember, there were some people who said abolishing slavery was impossible. There were some people who said that women would never get the right to vote. There were people who told workers they'll never get a union. They told LGBTQ people they won't be able to marry. And you know what? People organized and proved the naysayers wrong. We are the organizers for this moment. Do not let people tell you something's impossible. then nothing will ever get done. We are the ones to make sure change happens. And we're going to run through that wall and make it happen. I'm getting angry. But listen, when you organize with the vision, when you move people towards that vision, anything is possible. This is my vision for our future. I am ready to organize alongside y'all. Please join me and join us at robert petersforongress.com and let's rise up and fight back together and we can win and take back the future of this country. Thank you. [Applause] Thank you. Thank you. [Applause] Now, I'd like to introduce my friend, a real badass organizer, someone I've known fighting in the trenches, whether it's in Springfield and now what she's doing in DC. Please give a warm welcome to Congresswoman Delia Ramirez. Thank you. I need backup in that House of Representatives. And I think we're going to have that in Robert Peters. Good evening, Chicago Buenos. Welcome to Senator Sanders Fight oligarchy tour here in the best city in the country, Chicago. [Applause] I'm Deelia Catalina Ramirez, your congressista, proudly representing the mighty third congressional district. And the most important thing for you to know about me, it's not my title, is that I'm a proud daughter of Guatemalan immigrants, Luis and Maria Ramirez. I am I am a citizen by birthright, an unapologetic defender of our immigrant communities, an unwavering champion of shared humanity and human rights, and a fighter for peace in a country obsessed with war. I am a member of Congress who comes from a workingclass family, fighting for my workingclass neighbors. demanding that Trump, his billionaire bosses, and all of the oligarchs profiting off the suffering of our communities get their hands off our health care, our housing, our land, our climate, our elections, our neighbors, and our futures. [Applause] And Chicago, I'm not backing down. Let me say that again. I am not backing down from this fight and this moment because we we all must be clear about where we stand when there is a fascist in the White House and when our democracy is on the line. For me, everything the Trump administration and their billionaire bosses are doing, cutting services Americans rely on, perpetrating mass deportations, attacking workers and their rights, persecuting human right defenders, deploying the National Guard to democratic cities, undermining our civil rights, and yes, the genocide of the Palestinian people is all connected. [Applause] And I know I know that the billionaire bosses, they want our resources, don't they? They want our land. They want our freedoms. They want our lives to secure their profit and advance their imperialistic authoritarian agendas across the world. They are willing to rob us blind, leave us starving, displaced, detained, deported, and dead to enrich themselves. The wealthiest 10% in this nation are consolidating their power. They're stockpiling their wealth. They're suppressing the scent and they're trying to destroy our democracy all while they try to convince you that your immigrant neighbors are your enemy. Well, they're wrong, aren't they? You see, Trump promised a new golden age for America. Not for working people. I think you're right when you just said BS there, but one ushered by an oligarch for oligarchs. And I don't have to tell you how dangerous, painful, scary times these are. You're living through them. And if we're being honest with each other and ourselves, we've been living through this for a very long time because we know that the hard times started way before the November 2024 election. Working families, black and brown communities, we've seen the cracks in the systems and we know that they have never worked for us. We've heard detached politicians and billionaires brag to us about the American dream. Work hard. Keep working and you will achieve it. But you have worked two jobs, three jobs, and you're still living paycheck to paycheck with no hope of a dignified retirement. And that is not right. You still [Applause] you're still wondering how the hell will I be able to put that down payment on that small house and buy groceries? You're counting your pennies daily and trying to make the impossible decision between paying your ever rising rent, buying your prescription drugs, or finally getting that medical test you've been putting off. You too are crushed by the medical debt from that visit to the emergency room years ago, or by the student student loan you took out when you were 17 years old with the hope of a better future. You spend thousands of dollars in fees in lawyers hoping that one day you will be out of the shadows and still you cannot become a United States citizen. You have worked hard for the American dream and yet you still feel like you don't achieve it. Do you think that's right? Hell no. Say it with me. Hell no. Hell no. But that is why we are clear that in times such as this, we have to build something better. And I know you're tired, but it is times such as this that demand so much of us. They require us to be brave, to resist being overwhelmed and to do everything in our power to stand up and fight back. And it's why we're here tonight. Is that right? Stand up and fight back. Whether that's standing up to ICE and their unlawful, unaccountable, unconstitutional tariff force, stand up and fight back against illegal and unconstitutional executive orders that attempt to defund education, public radio and FEMA. Whether that's calling out Gnome and Homeman and Miller and Trump and all of those that are profiting off of family separation. Whether it's blocking the bombs providing by war mongers like Trump and used by Netanyahu to carry out his genocidal campaign. Whether it's demanding the resources that belong to us or whether it is taking our democracy back from the billionaires and foreign interests trying to buy it because our democracy is not for sale. And folks, I know what's at stake at this moment. And I'm going to keep fighting even on the days when it's hard. And let me tell you, there's some really hard days. And some days will feel even harder. There are days when my safety and that of my family is threatened. when white nationalists question my commitment to you, my community, for upholding my the multi-racial, multicultural identities that make our nation beautiful. There are days when when Trump and his allies demonize, dehumanize, and threaten our communities. And when unaccountable billionaires and their super PACs threaten to silence us, us the the workingclass people who are unwilling to stay silent in the face of injustice. There are hard days. And on those days, it can be really hard to believe that a more just, loving, and compassionate world is possible. But let me be very clear with you today. I do believe a different future is possible. And I believe it because of you. [Applause] Shout out to my elder woman. I see her. Jesse Fuentes. I believe it because of champions like Senator Bernie Sanders who continue to unapologetically hold the line against the interests of billionaires against the oligarchy. I believe in us because of the brave progressive leaders that you see here. Elected, not elected, building movement here. So many of them right here, including Senator Karina Via. We are building a community that co-governs in favor of a democracy because of us. Because there are literally millions of us from California to Iowa to Nevada to Chicago and yes, Texas trying to build a world where we can proudly pass on to future generations. It is us together that sustains my hope. [Applause] And I am hopeful because every day I see us standing up to this tyrannical government. I see you protecting our neighbors, practicing solidarity, rejecting a status quo that is in working for working people, refusing to let the rich and powerful pit us against each other, building progressive power in our communities, and demanding every single damn thing. Working people deserve to thrive. [Applause] So, let me close by saying this in Spanish. I know some folks don't like when I speak Spanish and may may not love my bilingualism, but I don't give a damn. In Spanish, hope hope is translated as espiransa. And espiransa comes from the root word espir or to wait. We wait anxiously, eagerly, hungrily, and we hope for a new day to dawn. For the ark of the universe to bend further towards justice, for collective liberation, for freedom, for an America that works for working people. And I am here to remind you that we are the ones that we have been waiting for. Let our hopeful yearning for a different and better future and our righteous anger and the injustices we see lead us to action. May it lead us to organize, to fight back, to stand firm, to resist, and to make sure that Donald, Elon, Jeff, and all of those billionaires pay their fair share. [Applause] And once we get them to pay their fair share, let's get their money out of our elections. Let's get their money out of the White House. and get their hands out of working people's pockets and off our services. Yes, social security and Medicaid included. So that we win an increase in the minimum wage and we get to a living wage, affordable housing for all, Medicare for all, green new deal, unions for all, comprehensive immigration reform. And that's just the beginning. Because I believe in a more just, loving, and compassionate world. And I know it's possible because I believe in us, in our movement, and what we can do when we stay together. So, if you're not yet part of a progressive project here in Chicago, I encourage you to join us. There are tables of organizations outside. There are folks all over here. Um, there are folks from my team. Sign up. Organize. Let's stay ready. So let us be hope where there is despair. Let us be light in dark places. Let us be love where there is hate. Let's fight like heaven and hell for each other and for a future we're proud on to pass to our children. Let's take on the oligarchs and build with and for the people. And so what better way to do that than to welcome to Chicago and to this stage someone who has taken on the oligarchs his entire life. Someone who has fought for working people his entire career. Whether it's at a city hall or the halls of Congress. He has spoken truth to power even when he's had to do it alone. Help me loudly welcome to the stage the one, the only Senator Bernie Sanders. Power to the people. Power to the people. Power to the people. Power to the people. [Applause] Thank you, Chicago. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Thank you. [Applause] Thank you. Let me thank Tim Canella for the music. Let me thank Fruitbacks and Whitney for their music. Let me thank Arturo Lander with the Teamsters. Let me thank Dr. Matt Mahoney, a great young doctor. Let me thank State Senator Robert Peters, your next member of Congress. And let me thank Congresswoman Delio Ramirez for being one of the strong progressive voices in the US Congress. The truth, thank you. The truth is um politics is not complicated. What politics is about is trying to understand where we are today, how we got to where we are, and maybe most importantly, where we want to go in the future. Now, you may think that that's a pretty simple proposition. Well, where are we today? What's the problem? We all know where we are. Well, we don't. Where do we want to go in the future? Are we really discussing that? So, I want to start off with a proposition, and I'm going to say it over and over again. We are the wealthiest country in the history of the world. There is no excuse why every man, woman, and child in this country is not enjoying a decent standard of living. Period. And everybody in America has got to understand it. No excuse for 800,000 Americans sleeping out on the street or so many of us not having quality healthcare. No excuse at all. So what is going on in America today? Well, what the media doesn't talk about very often and what you almost never hear in the halls of Congress is the reality that today you are living in a nation where a handful of incredibly wealthy people, multi multi-billionaires have enormous power and control over our economy, over our media, over our political system. And we are gathered here today to say that is going to change. Today in America, we have more income and wealth inequality than we have ever had in the history of this country. You all got that? Never been more unequal, not in the 1920s, not in the 1860s, than it is today. today. And again, one of the things the media does and what the establishment does and the whole culture, not a conspiracy, it just happens, is they kind of tell us what we should be upset about, what we should be outraged about. If some kid with a gun goes into a 7-Eleven, we're supposed to be outraged. We are. That's a crime. But somehow we are not outraged when so few have so much and so many have so little. Well, I think we should be outraged at that. In America today, if you can believe it, if you can believe it, one person, our good friend, Mr. Musk, you are familiar with Mr. Musk. One man owns more wealth than the bottom 52% of American households. You got that? Can you believe that? I mean, it is to me now, you don't hear that discussed very much, right? I think I'm one of the few people who talk about it. So, in the richest country on earth, it doesn't matter how rich we are because of this massive inequality. One guy more wealth than the bottom 52%. The top 1% more wealth than the bottom 93%. CEOs today are making 350 times more than the average worker. Today in America, you have more concentration of economic ownership in sector after sector, whether it's media, financial services, agriculture, transportation, you name it. A handful of giant corporations control what is produced and what you pay for those products. But what the economy is is not just income and wealth inequality where the richest people have never had it so good. It's not just concentration of ownership. We are also looking at six major media conglomerates that own and control what you see, hear, and read. Do you ever wonder why some of the most important issues facing working people never get discussed? Well, that's kind of why. Do you ever ask yourself how come we don't hear about what other countries around the world are doing in terms of healthcare or education? That is kind of why. So, you got a handful of billionaires controlling the economy and they control the media. But that's not enough. They also now control our political system. So let us be clear and that is especially since this disastrous Citizens United Supreme Court decision. You have a political system now where billionaires can spend as much money as they want to elect their candidates or defeat candidates who stand with the working class. This is how the system works. Alon Musk, our friend again, contributed $270 million to elect Donald Trump president. And his reward, these guys don't make an investment without asking for something in return. They don't make these donations out of the goodness of their heart. And what he got was the ability to run the United States government for three or four months and to exercise his extreme right-wing ideology. So what Mr. Musk was able to do at a time when Social Security administration is understaffed, seniors are having trouble getting information about their benefits. 7,000 Social Security employees were fired at a time when we are not adequately staffing the Veterans Administration so that the men and women who put their lives on the line to defend us get the health care and benefits they deserve. [Applause] Musk and his friends wanted to cut 80,000 employees from the Veterans Administration. But it's not just elections. It's important to understand, and I tell you this as a United States senator, it's not just the power of money in buying elections. That's really bad. They are also involved in the legislative process every day with all of their lobbyists etc. All right, this is how it works. Trump and the Republican leadership proposed this big beautiful bill. This socalled big beautiful bill is in my view the most horrific and destructive piece of legislation ever passed in the modern history of this country. What this legislation does, in short, in brief, is make massive cuts to Medicaid, the Affordable Care Act, nutrition, and education in order to give $1 trillion in tax breaks to the top 1%. and $900 billion for large profitable corporations. Now, this is how money in politics works. If you think that many Republicans, especially those who represent low-income and workingclass districts, didn't know what was in the bill, you would be mistaken. They knew what was in the bill. And one guy, I don't know if you know his name or not, a guy named Tom Tillis. He's a senator from North Carolina. Tillis is a conservative Republican guy, but he actually did something unusual. He read the bill. This guy reads the bill and he says, "Holy moly, hundreds of thousands of people in North Carolina are going to lose their health insurance if I vote for this bill." So he gets up and he says, "I cannot vote for this bill. It would be destructive for my constituents." You know what happened? Within minutes, Donald Trump was on social media ripping the hell out of this guy. Billionaires were announcing, "You standing up to the president. You don't like the legislation we brought forth. You are out of here. We're going to run somebody against you." and they have the resources to do that. Within a very short time, Senator Tillis says, "Forget it. I'm not running for reelection." The point is, the point is that if people stand up for justice, stand up for what is right, they will be punished by big money interests. And that is a system that we can no longer tolerate because day after day, Washington becomes further and further removed from the reality of the American working class. [Applause] Now, as Delian Robert told you, we are now living under the most dangerous president in perhaps the history of this country. This is a demagogue whose function in life is to serve the oligarchy and to try to divide us up. Now, when Trump was inaugurated, I had the unpleasure of being right in the front row. I somehow got shoved into the front row. Maybe nobody else wanted to go there, so they pushed me there. And I heard this horrific speech. But I want you all to remember because this is the essence of what Trumpism is about. Seated right behind Donald Trump were the three wealthiest people in this country. Mr. Musk, Mr. Bezos, and Mr. Zuckerberg. Seated right behind them were 13 other billionaires who Trump had nominated to head up major federal agencies. And as I was as I was listening to this rather horrific speech, I really did think I was thinking about American history and I was thinking about Abraham Lincoln at Gettysburg. And some of you will remember a few days after that terrible battle where thousands of Union soldiers died to end the abomination of slavery. President Lincoln goes to the battlefield. people just died a few days before. And he looks out at the assembled crowd and in so many words he says, you know, these guys did not die in vain. They died so that we will continue to have a government of the people, by the people, and for the people. [Applause] And when I was listening to Trump and thinking about Abraham Lincoln, I was thinking that this guy is giving us a government of the billionaire class, by the billionaire class, and for the billionaire class. [Music] Now I trust and I know that all of you understand how demagogues function and Trump is not original. It goes on around the world and it has gone on historically. The way demagogues succeed is by dividing people up and by scapegoating powerless minorities. All right. That's how it's always been. It's been true in this country. It's true all over the world. Europe, it was Jews and gypsies. In this country, it was gay people, black people, Latino people. Today, it is trans people and the undocumented. So, that that's the strategy. I mean, it's a wellthoughtout strategy. So instead of addressing the serious crises facing the country and say, "All right, we got a crisis here. We got a crisis here." How do we work together to resolve those crises? What a demagogue like Trump does is say, "Forget about the healthcare crisis. Forget about climate. Forget about education. Forget about housing. We're not going to talk about that. We're going to talk about how we hate this group of people and that group of people. And the antidote to that which we must bring forth, we must create is an understanding that if we do not all stand together, we're all going to go down together. [Applause] And that's where we are now. So they want us to hate this group and tomorrow it's another group and tomorrow it's another group. So people in this country are hurting and they want to understand what's going on. Why am I working longer hours for low wages? Why can't I afford healthcare? Why am I paying 50% of my income in housing? And Trump has an answer. It's the undocumented. It's trans people. It's whoever the next scapeboat is tomorrow. That's how demagogues function. And our job right now is to bring our people together around an agenda that says we're going to create an economy and a government that works for all of us, not just a few. We're not going to fall for your tricks anymore. All right. So, let's talk about what the Democrats often don't talk about, and that is what kind of agenda do we need to address the needs of a struggling working class. Now today, again, we don't talk about it much, but it is a sad reality. While the richest people in America have never ever had it so good, 60 6% of Americans are living paycheck to paycheck. You got it? Some of you are living paycheck to paycheck. Yes. All right. I grew up in a family that lived paycheck to paycheck. I know something about it. And what paycheck to paycheck is about is you wake up in the morning and you say, "How am I going to get through the day or how am I going to get through the week? How am I going to pay for the decent food I want to make sure my kids are able to eat?" What happens if my landlord raises my rent by 20%. Where am I going to live? Can't afford rent right now. I'm going to have to take my kid out of a school. What happens? What happens if my car breaks down and the mechanic tells me it's a,000 bucks to get it fixed? And what happens if I don't have that thousand bucks? And millions of people don't have that thousand bucks. Can't fix my car. If I can't fix my car, I can't get to work. If I can't get to work, I get fired. If I get fired, what happens to my family? What happens if my mom is sick and she can't afford the prescription drugs? or my dad has to go into a nursing home or maybe I have to pay for child care for my kid and I can't afford all these things. The result of all of that is that tens of millions of people in this country are living under incredible stress. And you know what stress does to the human mind and the human body? It kills us. That's exactly right. Now, one of the disgraceful things that we don't talk about much that's going on in America is despite all of the money we spend on healthcare, I'm going to get to that in a second. Despite all of the expenditures we have in healthcare, our life expectancy, how long we live, is four years shorter than people in other wealthy countries. Got it? But you know what's even worse, and it is never discussed? Workingass people in America live lives that are 7 years shorter than wealthy people. Why is that? Tell me why. Give me an example of what I'm talking about. All right, raise your hand. Tell me what that is about. Yes. Stand up. Tell me more about what does that mean? All right. All right. You can't. The truth is I did. Yes. Woman right here. All right. You can't go to the gym because it requires some prescription. You can't get healthy food. You can't go to the doctor when you should. If you have to live under those conditions day after day, month after month, year after year, what the doctors tell you, there is a an expression. It's called the physiology of poverty, physiology of stress. It impacts your heart, it results in a whole lot of diseases, which is why workingclass people die significantly younger than the rich. That ain't right. Not only is that not right, it is criminal. We deserve better. And one of the things, one of the things that the system in its broader sense doesn't want us to ask is just that issue. Should being working class in America be a death sentence? No, it shouldn't. Should so many of our people have to struggle when you got a handful of people on top who have unbelievable wealth? That's right. Those are the issues that we have got to put on the table. God didn't create this stuff. This was created by people who are incredibly greedy. And let me tell you something because I deal with these guys every day. Tell you a story if I might. I'm on the Veterans Committee and I take veterans issues very seriously. And I want to thank all the men and women here today who served our country, put their lives on the line. And I go around my own state very often and I talk to veterans and I say, "Look, Joe, did you happen to know that there are a whole lot of veterans programs that you are entitled to?" And Joe will tell me, he says, "Yeah, Bernie, I know that, but you know what? there are other people who need it more than me. I cannot tell you how many times in Vermont and I'm sure it's sure it's true all over the country. In other words, happens not to be true. These programs are there for all people. But these guys worry that if they get the program, somebody else who's maybe worse off than they will not get it. In other words, there is a generosity of heart and spirit. They worry about other people. That's what being human is about. [Applause] But this sense of empathy of worrying about other people, this truly does not exist among the oligarchs. All right? They are very religious people. You know what their religion is? It's greed. And they worship on the altar of money. And I don't understand this because this is not an economic issue. This is rather a psychiatric issue. And now all of us know it's true. It's absolutely true. I mean all of us know people who have addiction problems. Whether it's drugs, it's alcohol, tobacco, whatever it may be, it's a serious problem in this country. These guys also have a serious addiction problem. No matter how much money they have, it is not enough. And if they have to step on you and you if they have to destroy Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid to get another tax break. so they can get a few billion dollars more. That is what they will do. They are very formidable people. They lack the empathy gene. They could care less about humanity. It's all for themselves. And they becoming more and more ostentatious. They don't give a damn who knows about it. Bezos has a wedding in Venice. 50 million bucks. Zuckerberg decides to buy 11 houses in Palo Alto. Mas Bezos owns 14 homes around. They really are not shy. They're not embarrassed about telling the world that they have it all. And we have got to change that culture in America. We've got to end We've got to end the survival of the the the survival of the the the you know the beast the all in it fighting amongst ourselves and we have got to develop a society that works for all of us. Let me give you some examples of what I think we have got to do. What we have got to make clear loudly and clearly is that healthc care is a human right not a privilege. [Applause] We are the only major country on earth not to guarantee health care to all people. That has got to end. Anyone here think that that's a radical idea? Every other major country guarantees healthcare to all and most of them spend half as much as we do per capita. We got to cut the cost of prescription drugs in this country in half. Think that's a radical idea? We pay in some cases 10 times more than other countries for the same exact medicine. Now, here's another idea that is not radical. We live in a competitive global economy and that means we need to have the best educated workforce in the world. Now, I hear many of my colleagues in Washington given long speeches about how much they love America. Well, if you love America, you love the children in America. You don't have the highest rate of childhood poverty of almost any major country on Earth. You don't have a child care system which is dysfunctional. You pay your public school teachers a living wage. [Applause] I want the best and the brightest to go into teaching. We should start off every teaching job in America at at least $60,000 a year. [Applause] Today I had a meeting in Chicago with medical residents. Some of them graduated medical school $500,000 in debt. Nursing graduates hundred $200,000 in debt. ordinary kids going to a four-year school, 50 $80,000 in debt. We have got to make public colleges and universities tuitionfree and cancel all student debt. [Applause] And again, I want to I got to say this over and over again. I want you to think about it. This is the richest country on earth. Why should we have a dysfunctional child care system which costs parents far more than they can afford and yet pays child care teachers totally inadequate wages? Why is that? How is it that we can give a trillion dollars in tax breaks to the 1% but cannot have the best public school system in the world? [Applause] That's not asking too much. [Applause] And when we talk about where we are as a country, just talked to people the other day in Davenport, young woman gets up and says, "You know what the likelihood is? I am never going to own my own house. And the statistics are pretty clear. And again, try to understand why is this. Why is it that the likelihood of a young person today owning a home is much less than his or her parents. We have a major housing crisis in America. In two weeks, there will be a bill coming before the Senate, the Defense Appropriations Bill. It will ask people to vote for a $1 trillion military budget for a Pentagon that cannot pass an independent audit. [Applause] It increases military spending by $150 billion. Well, I think instead of spending a trillion dollars on the military, how about using that new 150 billion to build millions of lowincome and affordable housing units in America. [Applause] And when we talk about the needs of workers right now in Washington, I'm embarrassed to tell you, but you already know it. The federal minimum wage has not been raised for a long, long time. It is a starvation wage of 7 and a4 an hour. I have the radical belief that if somebody works 40 hours a week, that person should not be living in poverty. Radical idea. We got to raise the minimum wage to a living wage of at least $17 an hour. [Applause] There are millions of workers who want to join unions. If we're going to rebuild the middle class in this country, we need to rebuild the trade union movement. We need to make it easier for workers to be in unions, not harder. And that's why we've got to pass the PRO Act. We are one of a few countries around the world that doesn't guarantee paid family and medical leave. Again, you're living in the richest country on earth. Moms and dads should not have to make the choice about whether they stay home with a sick kid or they get fired if they don't go to work. Not a choice that should have to be made in the United States of America. Let's pass paid family and medical leave. 22 22% of senior citizens in America, again in the richest country on earth, are trying to survive on $15,000 a year or less. Can you imagine anybody trying to get by on 15,000 a year or less, 22% of seniors, half of seniors are trying to get by on 30,000 or less. And then you got Republicans out there saying, "Well, let's cut Social Security." [Music] I have a slightly different idea and that is instead of cutting social security, we should expand Social Security benefits and extend the solveny of Social Security so we know that it's there for our kids and our grandchildren. And you know how you do it? That's right. That's exactly right. Right now, we have the absurd situation. One person makes 10 million a year, one person makes 186,000. They both contribute the same amount into Social Security. Lift the cap. We can significantly expand Social Security benefits and the solveny of the Social Security trust fund. [Applause] And let me remind the young people who are here that there was once a time, not so many years ago, when workers who work for large companies had defined benefit pension plans just like we have in Congress. Good idea. And what it means is that if you work for a company or for several companies, when you retire, you are guaranteed a certain pension every single month. I think that's a good idea and I think we should bring it back. All right. To summarize, we are living in a system today. people on top never had it so good. But for working people, the system is broken. The e economic system is broken. 60% living paycheck to paycheck. Health care system is broken. 85 million uninsured or underinsured. And that will be made much worse as a result of Trump's legislation. education system largely broken. Child care dysfunctional, higher education to expensive trade schools not available for workingclass kids when they need it. In other words, when you talk about the basic necessities of life, health, education, housing, the system is broken. And our job right now is to tell the oligarchs on top their day has come and gone. We're going to reclaim this nation [Applause] and nothing that I am saying I want to pound this away. You know, I've been called a communist and everything else. Nothing that I am telling you is not supported by a strong majority of Americans. They know the system is broken. They know it is rigged for the rich. They know the political system is owned by the oligarchs. But not only, brothers and sisters, do we need to change our domestic policies. We need fundamental changes in our foreign policies. We must not give another nickel to Netanyahu and the Israeli government to starve the children of Gaza. [Applause] I can tell you, I have gone all over this country. I've been all over this country and I've talked to Democrats and progressives. I've talked to conservatives, Republicans, independents. The overwhelming majority of the American people do not believe that we should spend billions of US taxpayer dollars to starve children in Gaza. And this is an issue and I want you to know this is an issue not only addressing the horrific situation which exists today. But do you how do you think the United States of America is going to have an ounce of credibility in condemning human rights abuses any place in the world. China does something, they're going to laugh in your face and say, "You tell us about what we're doing. You supported the murder of the children in Gaza." Russia, the same thing. Russia's bombing Ukrainian cities. How do we go around condemning that when they're going to throw what's going on in Gaza in our face? So, we got a supposed tough guy as president, right? Oh, he's a tough guy. He takes on the poor and the weak. Hey, Mr. President, if you're so tough, take on Netanyahu. Stop funding this war. [Applause] So, brothers and sisters, this is a tough time. No ifs, buts, and may. This is a difficult time for our country, but this is not the only difficult time that we have had. Don't let people tell you that we can't win this thing. You know, people throughout our history have had to stand up and struggle for justice. Workers stood up and struggled to achieve union victories and a decent standard of living for us. Women stood up and struggled for the right to vote and to end sexism in America. African-Americans stood up to end segregation and racism. the gay community stood up to end bigotry against the gay community. So our job now is every single day to stand up and fight against Trump's authoritarianism, his attacks on the working class. But it is also to hold out in our hearts and in our minds a vision of where this country should go. Wouldn't it be extraordinary if the whole world looked at America and said, "Wow, we want to emulate that great health care system you have. How'd you do it? That great educational system. How do you have affordable housing for all of your people? How do you have the best child care system in the world so that your kids are flourishing? That's the America we want. [Applause] Now, I'm not going to kid you. These oligarchs are enormously powerful. They have unlimited, underlined, unlimited amounts of money. They own the media. They control the economy. They have huge influence in both political parties. That is the truth. But here is another truth more powerful than that. And that is I am not a mathematician. Don't have a PhD in mathematics. Kind of failed it when I was in college. But this I do know that at the end of the day 99% is a hell of a lot bigger number than 1%. [Applause] So brothers and sisters, this fight is not only for us, it's for our kids. It's for the entire planet in terms of climate change. It's for democracy around the world. As goes America, so goes the world. There's a lot of responsibility on each and every person's shoulders in this room. We got to think out of the box. We got to go outside of our comfort zones. We got to stand up and fight and create the America we deserve. Thank you all very much. Power to the people. Power to the people. Power to the people. Power to the people. Power to the people. Power to the people.