[Applause] Let me, let me-be a lot of people here tonight-let me thank the MSB Choir, Old 97s for their music, Devidito Hutari, the AFL-CIO, First Vice President Ernie Moran, Pauline Mims, Brian Bryant, an old friend of mine and yours Jim Hightower, Kendall Scottup, Bedrock, and the great leader of the Progressive Caucus in Congress, Greg Casar. And let me start off by making a very simple statement which is factually correct: the future of American politics rests in Texas. [Applause] As goes Texas, so goes America, and you can do it. [Music] As Greg and Beto have indicated, for too many years the Democratic Party has turned its back-nationally and in Texas-on the needs of working people. Let's go out, let's change that. Now, this event is part of our Fighting Oligarchy tour, and tonight I surely am going to talk about oligarchy, but given the events of yesterday, I would be remiss if I didn't in a few minutes say a few words about Trump's illegal, unconstitutional attack on Iran. [Music] [Applause] But before I get there, let me say something about where I see our nation today, and what I'm going to tell you is not something you're going to see in the corporate media, and it's certainly not something that you're going to hear talked about very much on the floors of Congress. And the good-there is both bad news and good news. And the bad news is that, in my view, our country today faces more serious crisis than we have ever faced in the modern history of our country. I wish I could tell you, especially for the young people, to tell you that that is not the case, but it is. And what's even making it worse is that we have a president who almost every single day goes out of his way to undermine our values and the needs of working families. [Applause] But here is the good news: the American people are standing up and they are fighting back. Our Fighting Oligarchy tour has now done 23 events in 15 states, and we have brought out well over 270,000 Americans-Democrats, Republicans, independents. And just last Saturday, as all of you will recall, there were No Kings rallies in every state in this country, and millions and millions and millions of people stood up and said loudly and clearly, "We will not accept oligarchy, we will not accept authoritarianism, we will not accept kleptocracy." [Applause] And we will not accept legislation which gives massive tax breaks to billionaires and cuts programs that working people desperately need. Let me cut right to the chase, and that is that right now in America we are living in an oligarchic form of society and our democracy is being undermined. Never before in the history of our country have so few people had so much wealth and so much power-economic power and political power-and together we're going to change that reality. Today we have more income and wealth inequality than we have ever had. If you can believe it, one man, Mr. Musk, owns more wealth-owns more wealth-than the bottom 52% of American households. The top 1% owns more wealth than the bottom 93%. [Applause] CEOs of large corporations now make 350 times what their workers make. [Applause] Brothers and sisters, that is not what America is supposed to be about. But it's not just income and wealth inequality. Today we have more concentration of ownership in the economy-sector after sector: agriculture, transportation, financial services, media. We got a handful of large corporations owning that sector, charging us the prices when we go to a grocery store that they want. We got to start breaking up those huge corporations. Bottom line is that today the people on top have never, ever had it so good. But it's not just economic power, it is something that we absolutely do not talk about enough. Greg touched on it, Beto touched on it, and that is political power-what kind of political power the billionaire class has. Look, democracy ain't complicated. It's a very simple form of government: you get a vote, you get a vote, I get a vote, majority wins the damn election. And what elections are supposed to be about is, if you want to run for office-and I hope that many of you will-but if you want to run for office, you should not have to go begging to some bloody billionaire for campaign funding so that you could win an election. Today, tragically, the billionaire class-the oligarchs-have enormous political influence over both political parties. And Donald Trump-Donald Trump has been very clear about that, he doesn't hide it. Do you remember-some of you may remember-Trump's inauguration. I was kind of, I don't know how it happened, kind of pushed to the front row, kind of where these guys are. I'm standing a few feet away from Trump. If you will recall, right behind him, in plain vision for the world to see, were the three wealthiest people in our country. Remember that? [Applause] Mr. Musk, [Applause] Mr. Bezos, [Applause] uh, he'll be offended-he's doing a $20 million wedding in Venice today and he got there in his $500 million yacht, oh my goodness-and Mr. Zuckerberg was there too. But that's not all. Behind those three guys were 13 other billionaires who Trump had nominated to run major federal agencies. [Applause] Now, one should remember what you learned in the sixth grade, all right? Think back-sixth grade civics, American history. You remember Abraham Lincoln at Gettysburg, remember that? So Lincoln goes to Gettysburg a few days after this horrible battle where thousands and thousands of soldiers died to end the abomination of slavery. Okay, so Lincoln goes there and he's on the battlefield and he looks around him and he says in so many words, "Those brave men did not die in vain, they died so that we can establish in our country a government of the people." That is what we believe in, and we're not going to let Trump take that away from us. Too many people have fought and died to defend American democracy, and Trump is not going to take that away from the American people. But let me tell you how money in politics works, because it's not talked about terribly much in both parties. For a start, Mr. Musk spends $270 million to get Trump elected, got it? So Trump says, "Thanks for the 270, you got me elected, I am now going to make you the most powerful person in government." Musk goes running around Washington, DC, laying off people at the Social Security Administration, at the Veterans Administration, ends USA which keeps millions of people alive. But it's not just Mr. Musk. Right now-and this is really, again, quite unbelievable-right now, if there is any Republican member of Congress who wakes up one morning and says, "You know, I think maybe it's not a great idea to give massive tax breaks to the rich and cut programs that my constituents need, I'm not going to vote for this terrible reconciliation bill," if anybody were to do that, the very next day Musk or Trump would say, "We are going to primary you and throw you out of office." Just today, just today, it's a guy named Mr. Massie, who I am not familiar with-I think I've never met him-is a congressman from Kentucky, a very, very conservative congressman, completely opposed to my perspective, we differ on everything. And yet Mr. Massie apparently has read the Constitution of the United States, and he has been public that Trump has violated the War Powers Act, does not have the authority to. And just today, for his crime of defending the Constitution, Trump announced that they are going to primary Mr. Massie. In other words, in other words, you know, there was a time-and I'm old enough to tell you this to be true-there were independent members of Congress. They stood up and they said, "Look, I'm here to represent my constituents, this is what I believe, you don't like it, tough luck." But that is not the Republican Party today. If you stand up in any way to Trump or Musk, they are going to try to defeat you politically. But I wish I could tell you it's just the Republican Party-it is not. All right, now let me tell you something else. In my view, what the Netanyahu government in Israel is doing is absolutely horrific. [Applause] Right now, right now, what they are doing is literally starving Palestinian children in Gaza. And I brought forth two very simple resolutions which said basically, given the fact that the Netanyahu government is breaking international and American law, we should not provide them with one nickel more in US military aid. This is not a radical-this is not a radical-resolution, yet I can only get 15 votes in the Senate on one and 16 on another. Now why is that? Do you think it is because members of the Senate feel good about children in Gaza starving to death? They don't. You think they don't know what's going on? They do. But they understand that if they stood up and said, "We're not going to give another nickel to the murderous government of Netanyahu," you know what happens to them? The next day, Democratic super PACs like AIPAC say, "You're out of here." And that is why, in my view, there is no more important political issue than ending this disastrous Citizens United Supreme Court decision. It is not complicated. In America, our democracy means one person, one vote-not billionaires buying elections. [Applause] So this, uh, this small group of oligarchs who control our economy, control much of the media, control much of the United States Congress-what kind of economy have they created? Well, obviously, they have created a great economy for them. [Applause] The truth is, the people on top today have never, ever had it so good in the history of our country. But, but as all of you know, while the 1% are doing phenomenally well, tens of millions of families in Texas, Vermont, and in every other state in this country are struggling to put food on the table, struggling to pay for outrageously high rents and housing costs, struggling to pay for health care, struggling to provide the basic needs that their families have. And here is again a reality that we don't talk about very much: you live right now in the richest country in the history of the world, but in the midst of all of that, 60% of our people are living paycheck to paycheck. [Applause] Do you all know what that means? I grew up in a family that lived paycheck to paycheck. I suspect many of you are living paycheck to paycheck, correct? What does that mean? No savings. It means you got no savings. What else does it mean? You can't afford rent. What else? Can't afford health care. What else? Can't afford to take a vacation. What else? You can't afford to put any money in the bank and save for retirement. What else? All right, and on and on it goes. But here is the point that we don't talk about, and that is, if you are in a family-majority of American families-that are struggling every day and worrying and worrying about how you're going to feed the kids, what happens if my mom, my dad gets ill? We can't afford the prescription drugs. I don't have enough money to take them to the doctor. If, God forbid, there's an operation, our family is going to go bankrupt. What happens if my car breaks down, right? My car breaks down, costs $1,000 to get it fixed. You know most families in America don't have that thousand bucks. And what happens? You can't get to work because your car broke down, you get fired, and if you get fired, you got no income, and your family is in deep doo-doo. That is the reality facing millions of families. And at the end of the day, you know what all of that stress does? What does stress do to people? It kills them. It does. This is not just rhetoric, it's what doctors tell us. Stress, day after day, about how we can survive, impacts your body, your cardiovascular system, impacts your mental health. And here is the sad reality: as a nation, we are now living four years shorter lives than other wealthy countries. Our life expectancy is lower. But what is even more shocking is, if you are working class in America, you will have a 7-year shorter life than the 1%. Do you understand what I'm saying? In other words, all of that economic stress-it's not just, "Oh, I don't have a great car, oh, I don't live in a fancy house"-that economic stress is killing people in the richest country in the history of the world. Today in America, half of older workers have nothing in the bank as they face retirement. You got that? People have worked their entire lives-60, 65-they got nothing in the bank. 22% of our seniors are trying to get by on $15,000 a year or less. 85 million Americans are uninsured or underinsured. We have the highest rate of childhood poverty of almost any major country. 800,000 Americans sleep out on the streets, and 20 million families spend half of their income on housing. Millions of kids can't afford to fulfill their dream of a higher education. Brothers and sisters, this is America. This is the wealthiest country in the world. We must not allow that to continue happening. And our job, our job is to take on the oligarchs and to create an economy that works for all of us, not just the 1%. And as bad as all of that is, if you can believe it, what Republicans and Trump are proposing right now is a reconciliation bill-Trump's big, beautiful bill. This bill would give $650 billion in tax breaks to the 1%. [Applause] $400 billion to large corporations in tax breaks, and to pay for it they're going to make massive cuts in Medicaid, nutrition, and education. [Applause] You know, I don't know how people could sleep at night by voting for a bill which gives $200 billion in tax breaks to the top two-tenths of 1%, and then, and then takes food literally out of the mouths of hungry kids. This is immoral and this is disgraceful. So, brothers and sisters, we have got to do everything we can to fight Trump's agenda, but we have got to do something else. We need to go on the offense and offer an alternative vision for this country as to where we want America to go. And at the top of that agenda at this moment is to say no to the Netanyahu-Trump war in Iran. [Applause] Let me just tell you a story, if I might. Back in the mid-1960s, I was a young man-yes, I was young at one point-and at that point the American government, then under Democratic leadership, lied to the American people and took us into a terrible war in Vietnam. Now, I know a lot of young people-young people might not be familiar with that war-but the American people were lied to about what South Vietnam was doing and so forth and so on, and we went into that war. In that war, 58,000 young Americans died and over 300,000 were wounded. The Vietnam War devastated my entire generation. It will never leave my mind, because those were my friends, people my age who went off to Vietnam. My wife had a couple of good friends, went off to Vietnam, never came back. And for those who came back, it's not just 300,000 who were wounded-many of those came back wounded in spirit, in mind. They were devastated by what they saw. They came home to a country that was divided because many people opposed that war. And that war not only caused so many American casualties, it killed millions of Vietnamese and it brought instability to that entire region. And the result of that is a crazy group of people called the Khmer Rouge rose to power in Cambodia and waged a genocide in Cambodia which killed over 2 million Cambodians. The cost of the war to the American taxpayer was many, many hundreds of billions of dollars. In other words, a lie caused massive, horrible death and suffering. That was what my generation went through in the '60s. And then, years later, in 2002, I was a second-term member of Congress from Vermont, just elected to the Congress, and we heard the rhetoric in 2002 get stronger and stronger about the need to go to war against Iraq and its leader, Saddam Hussein. We were told by all kinds of people in the establishment and much of the media that Iraq was building weapons of mass destruction, and that if we did not act-if we did not act quickly and decisively-nuclear weapons would be dropping on America. And I want you to hear this, because this tells you a lot about what's going on today. Among those back in 2002 who told us that we had to go to war in Iraq was none other than Benjamin Netanyahu, the Prime Minister of Israel. [Applause] And this is what-and I quote-this is what Netanyahu stated in a congressional hearing, and I quote: "There is no question whatsoever that Saddam is seeking nuclear weapons. If you take out Saddam's regime, I guarantee you that it will have enormous positive reverberations." End quote, Netanyahu. Now, President George W. Bush at the time, he said, quote, "Saddam's regime is seeking a nuclear bomb." End quote. And he argued for a preemptive attack, saying, quote, "We cannot wait for the final proof, the smoking gun, which could come in the form of a mushroom cloud." End quote. The United States Congress, against my vote, went to war in Iraq, and we became involved in a terrible regional civil war there. No weapons of mass destruction were ever found. That war was based on a lie-a lie which cost us 4,500 young Americans, 32,000 wounded, and trillions of dollars. I will never forget going to funeral after funeral in my small state of Vermont for young men who died in that war. As a result of the war, the entire region was destabilized. Hundreds of thousands of Iraqis also died in that war. What the-so, a few months ago, in terms of what's going on right now, Trump's own Director of National Intelligence told Congress-this is his National Director of Intelligence-said, quote, "The intelligence community continues to assess that Iran is not building a nuclear weapon," exactly, "and Supreme Leader Khamenei has not authorized the nuclear weapons program he suspended in 2003." End quote. The Netanyahu government of Israel started this war with an unprovoked attack against Iran. This is the same government-this is the same government-that is currently starving and shooting down innocent people in Gaza. [Applause] Brothers and sisters, we cannot allow history to repeat itself. The United States faces enormous problems here at home. We should be spending our money and our manpower rebuilding America, not going into a war against Iran. I am not going to-I am not going to-tell you that the fight against the oligarchs and the war makers is going to be easy. It is not going to be easy. They have enormous wealth, they have enormous power, they control much of the media. But this is what I do know: the American people do not want a government of billionaires. They want health care as a human right. They don't want tax breaks for oligarchs. They want the rich to start paying their fair share of taxes. They don't want a war with Iran. They want to invest in our own people. Now, Trump and other demagogues gain power by dividing us up-by dividing us up by the color of our skin, or where we were born, or what our religion might be. Brothers and sisters, let us not allow them to divide us up. Let us stand together, let's take them on, let's transform this country. Thank you all very much. Thank you, the people. [Applause] Say we-Revolution, we-