Thank you Arizona, this is an unbelievable turnout. I think we got many thousands of people outside and I'm especially delighted to be here tonight with Alexandria. You know, when Alexandria was a little girl, she helped her mom clean homes to make the money the family needed, and she is one of the members of Congress who has not forgotten where she came from. Alexandria and I were in Las Vegas earlier today, tomorrow we'll be in Colorado, and then we're coming back to Tucson because we have a message for Mr. Trump, and that is: we will not allow you to move this country into an oligarchy. We're not going to allow you and your friend Mr. Musk and the other billionaires to wreak havoc on the working families of this country. No, you're not going to destroy Social Security, you're not going to destroy Medicaid, you're not going to destroy the Veterans Administration, and I'll tell you what else you're not going to do: we're not going to let you undermine the democracy that men and women in this country have fought and died for. And every day, every single day, Trump and his friends are ignoring the Constitution of the United States of [Applause] America. You know, when we were kids in elementary school we read about American history and about how this government, our government, was formed and the Constitution was written. I got news for you, those guys way back in the 1790s were nobody's fools. They understood that in our Constitution and in our government you have to have a separation of power so that no one person had it all, and they created an executive branch, a legislative branch, and a judiciary. And every day Trump is trying to take power away from the Congress, he is trying to take power away from the judiciary. Unbelievably, when a court makes a decision, you can agree with it, you can disagree with it. Most of us thought that Citizens United decision was a horrible decision, most of us thought that the decision to override Roe v. Wade was a terrible decision, but in our form of government you don't impeach judges for writing a decision you disagree with. In our form of government, unless you are a coward, you don't sue the media because they report on things you don't like, you don't sue the Des Moines Register because they get a poll whose results you don't like. In a democratic society, we understand that criticism and debate is what makes this country great, and unless you are a coward like Trump is, you welcome that debate and that discussion. But it's not just oligarchy that we are going to fight, it's not just authoritarianism that we're going to fight. We will not accept a society today in which we have massive income and wealth inequalities, where the very rich have never done better while working families are struggling to put food on the table. And we're not-you know, I know we're in a hockey rink and you got guys playing the defense, but they also play offense, and our offense is to remind us all and every person in this country: we are the wealthiest nation in the history of this world, and that we want and will have an economy and a government that works for all of us, not just the 1%. Now, I want to do something radical. You ready for something [Music] radical? I want to discuss some things that you don't hear in Congress and you don't see in the corporate media. In fact, what I want to do is tell the truth. So what don't we talk about in America? What does Trump avoid, will never mention in a million years? And that is that in America today, Trump and his billionaire friends have never, ever had it so good in the history of this [Applause] country. In America today, we have more income and wealth inequality than we have ever, ever had. You got three people-Mr. Musk, Mr. Bezos, Mr. Zuckerberg-who combine, you know those guys, those three people combined, their wealth is greater than the bottom half of American society-170 million people. The top 1% now owns more wealth than the bottom 90%. CEOs now make 300 times more than their average worker. That is not what America is supposed to be about, and together we're going to change that. But it's not-that's right, USA, the greatest country on Earth-and we're not going to allow Trump to destroy our great country. But it is not just income and wealth inequality. What we are seeing today is more concentration of ownership than we have ever had, while the profits on Wall Street and corporate America soar, a handful of giant corporations dominate sector after sector after sector, whether it's agriculture, transportation, media, financial services. You know what you got? You got a few corporations dominating that sector, making huge profits and charging us outrageous prices for the products we need. [Applause] Let me give you-unbelievably, this is really quite unbelievable-three Wall Street firms: BlackRock, Vanguard, and State [Applause] Street. These three firms combined are the major stockholders in 95% of American corporations. [Applause] That is what power is about. You know, you go out, you think this is a corporation-no, it's owned by somebody else. Over the last couple of years, my office has been involved in supporting unions who are on strike around the country. So we get on the phone, I say, I want to talk to the CEO because I'm concerned about the way you're treating your workers, and they say, well, the CEO doesn't have any power, got to talk to the other guy who owns the company, got to talk to somebody else who owns them. So what you have is massive power, massive concentration of ownership. And let me tell you something about these guys, because I deal with them occasionally-they are not nice guys. You know, if somebody goes out and robs a 7-11-you got 7-11s here, all right-somebody goes out and robs a local store, everybody says, you know, that's a criminal, God forbid somebody gets shot, terrible, put the person in jail and so forth. But you know who the biggest criminals are in this country? They are the CEOs of major corporations who are robbing us every single day. They are the fossil fuel industry that has lied to us for years about what they're doing to the planet. It is the drug companies who charge us the highest prices in the world and people die because they can't afford those drugs. It's the insurance companies who deny claim after claim. Those are major criminals. But these people, these people on top, they are completely removed from American society. Do you think they've ever been in a subway in their life? Do you think they send their kids to public schools? Do you think they worry about the cost of health care and whether they can get to a doctor? You think they vacation in a national park? Well, these guys vacation in the islands in which they [Music] own, and some of them, just for kicks, will spend a few million dollars riding on a spaceship to outer space. So that is one America. It's an America where the 1% has never had it so good. And I want to say something I fully don't understand, and maybe you can help me on this. Everybody wants to live comfortably, everybody wants to make money, but what I have never understood is why it is that when you have people who are worth tens of billions of dollars, they have this compulsion, this greed, that they need more and more and more, and they are prepared to step on anybody who gets in their way. Can you imagine people like Musk and other multibillionaires cutting nutrition programs for hungry children? In what world, in what planet, in what religion is that vaguely [Applause] moral? So you got one America in which the people on top have enormous wealth and they have enormous power. And I'll tell you something else about power. Power is not just owning a couple of mansions and a jet plane. What power is, when election comes, it's the ability to spend unlimited amounts of money to buy and sell politicians. And I don't care if you're a Republican, Democrat, or independent-does anybody think that people like Musk spending $270 million to elect Trump as president and then becoming the most important person in government, does anybody think that has anything to do with a democratic [Applause] society? But it is not just us, and it is not just Republicans. Democrats have their billionaire campaign contributors as well, and that is why, in my view, there's probably nothing more important that we can do than overturn this disastrous Citizens United. Let me tell you how bad it is. I tell you how bad it is: if any Republican wants to vote their conscience, and if any Republican in the House or the Senate says, you know, maybe it's not a good idea to give a trillion dollars in tax breaks to the 1% and then cut Medicaid and education and nutrition, if that person were to stand up and say, I have a problem with that, you know what Musk would do? Musk, in five minutes, would say, we are going to primary you, your political life is over. That is not democracy, and our fight is to make sure that we remain a democracy-one person, one vote, not billionaires buying elections. So today we have the 1%, billionaires, doing better than they have ever done before. That's one America. Let me tell you about the other America. But you know as much about that America as I do, and that is that today, in the richest country in the history of the world, 60% of our people are living paycheck to paycheck. You all know what paycheck to paycheck is about. I grew up in a family, Alexandria grew up in a family, that lived paycheck to paycheck, and unlike Donald Trump, I know something about that reality, and it is a reality that got me into politics and it's a reality that I will never forget. So what does living paycheck to paycheck mean? It means that every day, every day, millions of Americans worry about how they're going to pay their rent or their mortgage. Tomorrow your landlord tells you that he's raising your rent 20, 30%. What the hell are you supposed to do? You got a kid, you can't afford the rent, you got to find another place to live, you got to take your kid out of school. All over this country, rents are soaring. We have not only 800,000 Americans who sleep out on the street, but 20 million Americans-and I suspect many in this room-who are paying 40, 50% of their limited incomes for housing. That's living paycheck to paycheck. Living paycheck to paycheck is being a single mom and having to figure out how you come up with $20,000 a year for child care so that you can go to work, support your kids. Living paycheck to paycheck is wanting to buy good quality food for your kids but going to the grocery store and seeing the prices are sky high. Living paycheck to paycheck is getting sick and wondering whether or not you can afford to go to the doctor, wondering whether or not you can take your kids to the doctor. That's living paycheck to paycheck. Living paycheck to paycheck is not having the money to pay off your credit card debt and month after month paying 20, 30% interest rates on that credit [Applause] card. All right, you tell me now, what did I miss? What is living paycheck to paycheck about? Say that again-she got paid yesterday, she's got no money today. You paid off your bills, all right, what else? Living paycheck to paycheck-raise your hand. Yes ma'am? All right, afraid that if you protest you might get arrested and you won't be able to get a job. Yes sir, what? Right now, paying for education. You know, you might think that in a competitive global economy we want to make sure that our kids have the best possible education without going deeply into debt, and yet all over the country we have young people who are wondering whether or not they can go to a trade school to become an electrician or carpenter, whether they go to college, want to become a teacher, but they're worried about coming out of school $50,000, $100,000 in debt. Do you know we are in desperate need of doctors in this country? If you are a working class person, come from a working class family, you go to medical school, do you know what kind of debt you end up with? Anyone know? Half a million dollars. Half a million dollars in debt to score, $300,000, $400,000 in debt. That is totally insane. We want people to be doctors and nurses and mental health counselors and teachers, we don't want to have them go into financial servitude in order to do the jobs we desperately need. You know, but it is not just working age people who are struggling paycheck to paycheck or struggling economically. It's not widely known, but today, again in the richest country on Earth, 22% of senior citizens are trying to survive on $15,000 a year or less. [Applause] How disgraceful is it, the country, the people who raised us, trying to live on 15,000 bucks or less in this rich country where Trump and his friends want to get more tax breaks to billionaires. We have the highest child rate of childhood poverty of any country on Earth. But it's not just income and wealth inequality, not just concentration. In this society today, in America, everybody knows that we have a health care system that is broken, that is dysfunctional, that is cruel. Not widely known, we don't talk about it-I guess the media and politicians are not particularly proud of it-but some 60,000 Americans die every year because they don't get to a doctor on time because they can't afford health care. We got 85 million people who are uninsured or underinsured. How many people right here in this arena have high deductibles? What kind of deductibles do you have, ma'am? What are you-5,000? What do you [Applause] got? How-one at a time-$7,000 deductible. Other deductibles? Yeah, 12,000, 8,000, 8,000. How much? 6, 5,000. All right, what the story is, you can be insured and you count as somebody who's insured, but you can't afford to go to the doctor because you got too high a deductible. That is insane. It's not just health. I want to raise another issue that has never ever, or very rarely, been talked about. I was chairman of a committee, we did some work on this, but it's an issue that needs a whole lot of discussion. Many of you may know-let me take a deep breath-what do we want out of life? Let me ask you a philosophical question. What we want out of life is to live-I think, I think people can correct me if I'm wrong here-you want to live long lives, right? You want to live a long life, you want to live a happy life, we want to live a productive life, we want to do meaningful work, right? Right, that's what we want. In America today, despite spending twice as much per capita on health care as the people of any other nation, our life expectancy-how long we live-is 4 years shorter than other countries on average. Got that? And why that is, it's a long discussion, can't get into it tonight, but here's what I do want to say: as bad as that is, there is something that is even worse, and we don't ever talk about it, and that is if you are a working class person in America, you will live on average 7 to 8 years shorter lives than the wealthy. You got that? In other words, being working class in America is a death sentence. All right, I got a question I want to ask you, and I want you to give me your best answer: why is it that a working class person will die seven or eight years earlier than somebody who's rich? Hold on, hold, can't-hold, one at a time, raise your hand. Ma'am? Access to health care is one issue, it's not the only one. Yes sir? Gentleman here said stress. All right, who wants to tell me about stress? All right, raise your hand and be as loud as you can. Yes sir, right here, be loud. Over-too much overtime, overworked, and he needs too much overtime to take care of the family. Overwork. Yes sir? Supporting disabled parents-supporting two disabled parents on a teacher's salary. Yes sir? Wears your body out. Yeah, after a while. That's right, that's worrying about being deported. Okay, yes ma'am? My kids too, with all these-yeah, still paying off student loans and can't afford to retire. Man right here [Music]-did everybody hear that? What she said is making a choice between getting the medicine you need to stay alive or feeding your family. Now if that's not stress, if that's not a decision that no one in America should have to make, I don't know what is. All-yes, yes, be loud-every-am I missing there? [Music] And right-I think we can probably go on for many hours, but here's the point, and we don't talk about it. I want to back up again, I want to say this, I would say it over and over, but I would eventually bore you to death. If we were-look, if we were a poor country, I would come before you and I'd say, I'm sorry that you got to work 50 hours a week, I'm sorry that you really have to do dangerous and dirty work, I'm sorry that you can't afford to send your kid to college, I'm sorry that the elementary school your kid goes to is inadequate, or that you can't afford child care, but we're a poor country, we just can't afford that. We are not a poor country. There is no excuse on God's Earth that people have to make a choice between food and the medicine they need to stay alive. But what we have got to do-you see, this is, you know, what the system in the broadest sense, what the establishment, what the media, what the politicians want you to believe is, you are powerless, you can't do anything, they got all the money, they got all the power, and that's what you believe, you're just a small number of people. The truth is that the overwhelming majority of people-Democrats, Republicans, independents-understand that everybody in this country has the right to a decent, comfortable standard of [Applause] living. You know, way back, way back in the 1940s, people like President Roosevelt were talking about economic rights as human rights. So under our Constitution, right, you have freedom of speech, freedom of religion, freedom of congregation, freedom of all kinds of freedoms. What we have got to establish in this country is that economic rights are human rights. Everybody is entitled to a decent standard, everybody is entitled to health care, to education, to affordable housing, and brothers and sisters, this is not a radical idea-it exists already in other countries. We are the only major country not to guarantee health care to all people. Go to Europe, kids go to college-you know how much college costs in Germany? Zero. You know what child care costs in [Music] Scandinavia? We can do it. One of the important things when we talk about the list of things that we have to do: making sure that we have a minimum wage in this country, that it's not a starvation wage but a livable wage-17 bucks an hour. Making sure that workers who want to join unions all over this [Music] country-we got union brothers and sisters here, all right, thank you-unions helped create the middle class in this country and we thank you. And all over this country, working people want to join unions, and you know what's happening? People like Bezos and Musk and other billionaires are acting illegally, against the law, making it impossible or difficult for workers to form a union. That's why we got to pass legislation that I recently introduced called the PRO Act. You know, it's an amazing thing, it's an embarrassing thing, and it really is quite extraordinary. Every bloody scientist in the world who has studied the climate issue understands that climate change is real-nothing to be happy about, it's real-and it is caused by carbon emissions and human activity. What is it-we need a doctor, we need-alright, please, got somebody there? Good, okay, let's wait a second for-Trump is not [Applause] [Music]-Trump, thank you. What is extraordinarily embarrassing is that while the entire scientific community understands that climate change is real, it is caused by human activity and carbon emissions, we have a president today who believes that climate change is a hoax originating in [Applause] China. Well, he may think it's a hoax, we think it's an existential threat to the planet, and I want to thank Alexandria, the world, legislation, three jobs-we can create millions of good paying jobs transforming our energy system away from fossil fuel, energy efficiency and sustainability. You know, Musk and his friends are busy going to war against working families and federal employees, and I want to say [Music] something, okay? And I want you to think about this for a moment, take a deep breath and think about this: right now they're in the process, they want to lay off 83,000 employees at the Veterans Administration. Unbelievable. I mean, these are the people who put their lives on the line to defend us, and you got Trump and Musk wanting to significantly lower the quality of health care and other benefits that they [Applause] receive. And they're going after Social Security. Some of you may have heard Trump talking about all of these millions of people, 200 years of age, getting Social Security-it's a lie. I know you will be shocked to hear that he lied. And what their goal is in doing that-in fact, well over 99%, including according to the Inspector General at Social Security, well over 99% of the benefits going out to people are going to people who earned those benefits. And you know why they are lying about Social Security? They want to destroy it, they want to have the American people lose confidence in Social Security and lose confidence that our government can work for them. And what these people really believe-they don't, some of them, people on top, do not believe in the concept of government. You know, back in the 19th century, the ruling class, the kings and the monarchs, propagated the divine rights of kings-you remember that? They were authorized by God to rule. Well, let me tell you something, some of these guys, these big billionaire characters, think they have the right, divine right, to rule us as [Applause] well. So we got some news for them: we ain't going to be ruled by them, we believe in democracy. Let me mention something else, think about it for a minute. We are in the throes of a major technological revolution through artificial intelligence and robotics. Now, I want you to think about this for a second: if Musk and his friends could summarily get rid of hundreds of thousands of federal employees-and by the way, do it illegally-okay, what do you think they are going to do in the private sector when artificial intelligence comes? What, they're going to say, hey, we got a machine, we got a computer that could do your job, thank you, you're out on the street, and by the way, we cut back on Medicaid, Social Security, and Medicare. So this is an issue we've got to watch. Technology, in my view, can be a very positive development if it is used to benefit ordinary people, not just the CEOs. One of the pieces of legislation I introduced last year-we'll introduce it again-is I said, you know what, if you have all of this new technology that is making working people more productive, why don't we reduce the work week to 32 hours with no loss of pay? Not a radical idea, taking place around the country. But here's the point: you got this powerful technology-robotics, artificial intelligence-they're going to make the economy much more productive. We cannot allow the billionaire class alone to benefit from those changes in technology. So we are going to fight Trump and his oligarchic friends, we're going to take on their effort to move us to an authoritarian society, but we have got to do something else. We have got to ourselves have a vision for the kind of country we want to become. And if we are going, as I mentioned a moment ago, to restore a vibrant democracy in this country, we got to get rid of Citizens United and billionaires buying elections. We have got to move to public funding of elections-one person, one vote, not billionaires buying and selling politicians. Trump and his friends want to give a trillion dollars in tax breaks to the 1%. We've got a slightly different idea-maybe they should start paying their fair share. Musk and Trump want to cut Social Security-we ain't going to let it. In fact, instead of cutting Social Security, we should expand Social Security benefits by lifting the cap on the tax. Trump and his friends want to cut Medicaid by $880 billion-millions of kids will lose their health insurance, community health centers will lose an important part of their funding. If you got a mom or a dad in a nursing home, understand that two out of three people in nursing homes are funded by Medicaid. It would be a disaster for the whole health care system. Well, we got a different idea-instead of cutting Medicaid, we're going to guarantee health care to every man, woman, and child. Instead of allowing Wall Street to buy up homes all over America and raise rents, we got a slightly different idea-we're going to build 4 million units of low income and affordable housing. Some may not understand it, but if we're going to make America great, you got to have the best educated workforce in the world. No teacher, no public school teacher in America should make less than $60,000 a year. There is no rational reason why we cannot have the best educational system, best child care system in the entire world, no reason why every young person cannot be able to go to college or trade school regardless of his or her income. Now, Trump and some of my Republican colleagues talk a lot about freedom. Well, in a free society, we must absolutely guarantee that it is the women of America who control their bodies, not the government. I want to remind you in these difficult times that real change, real change always comes from the bottom on up, not the top on down. It was grassroots activism that helped women have the right to control their own bodies. It was grassroots activism that allowed workers in the early part of the 20th century to form unions-don't forget, the bosses of that time denied workers any rights, hired and fired them, worked them any way they wanted. Workers stood up, and some of them got beaten up, some of them got killed, but they stood and they fought and they created the trade union movement. It was Martin Luther King Jr. and grassroots activism that ended segregation, it was grassroots activism that created the environmental movement and the gay rights movement. So I say to you tonight, yes, the oligarchs are enormously powerful-that's just the truth. They have an unlimited amount of money, they control our economy, they own much of the media, and they have enormous influence over our political system. But from the bottom of my heart, I am convinced that they can be defeated if we stand together. If we stand together-this is what demagogues always do-look, they understand, you go out to working class Republicans and you say, hey guys, do you really think we should give tax breaks to billionaires and cut Social Security and Medicaid? They say, well, you're crazy, of course not, nobody believes that. Nobody, or very few people, believe that climate change is not real. Very few people think that we should not expand Medicare to include dental, hearing, vision, right? People are in agreement about this. So how do these right-wing Republicans succeed? They succeed-there's a lot, that's true, don't have the time to get into it, but it's-we have never seen the big lie. I will not here tell you that politicians never lie-they do-but not to the level that we have seen from Trump. We're talking about really big, outrageous lies. You [Music] know, so point is that their job, the way they succeed to give tax breaks to the rich, throw people off of health care, try to cut Social Security, is they divide us up. That's how they do it. They want you to hate her, and her to hate him, and you to hate that person over there. That's how they do it, that's how demagogues always do it. You pick on a scapegoat and you ask the person, who's all the problems you have, you got to hate that person. And we know better. We know that if we stand together and we don't let them divide us up by the color of our skin, where we were born, our religion, our sexual orientation-if we stand together, we can not only defeat Trumpism, but we can create the kind of great nation we know that we can become. Thank you all very much. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Thank you. [Applause] [Music] Happy evening.