you, this is a great turnout. In fact, I've been to Las Vegas a number of times-this is by far the largest turnout. Thank you. I want to thank all the Andrea for being here with us. You know, she mentioned when she was a kid she cleaned houses with her mom in order to help pay the family bills. She has not forgotten where she came from. I want to thank Steve, member who worked for the Culinary Workers Union, former chairman of the Black Caucus and doing a great job in the Congress. Steve, thanks very much.

So why are Alexandria and I here in Las Vegas, and we're heading to Colorado and we're heading to Arizona? We are doing that because this country faces enormous crises, and how we respond to these crises today will impact not only our lives but the lives of our kids, future generations, and in terms of climate change, the very well-being of the planet.

And so today we are here to say very loudly and clearly: no, we will not accept an oligarchic form of society where a handful of billionaires run the government. No, we will not accept an authoritarian form of [Music] society with a president who undermines the Constitution every day and is working aggressively to take away our freedom of speech and freedom of assembly. No, we will not accept a society of massive economic inequalities where the very rich are becoming much richer while working families across the country struggle to put food on the [Music] table.

What we're saying today, as clearly as we can, is that in the richest country in the history of the world, we demand and will achieve an economy and a government that works for all of us, not just for-It seems to me that before we can effectively determine the best way forward, it's important to do what is very rarely done in Congress or in the corporate media, and that is to have a frank discussion about the economic and political realities facing our country.

So let's do something really radical. You ready? Let's tell the truth. In our country today, we have two very different Americas. In one of those Americas, the wealthiest people have never, ever in the history of our country had it so good. People on top are doing extraordinarily well. Today we have more income and wealth inequality in our country than we have ever had. The three wealthiest people in America-Mr. Musk, Mr. Bezos, Mr. [Applause] Zuckerberg-you know those guys. Those three people alone own more wealth than the bottom half of American society-170 million people. The top 1% now owns more wealth than the bottom 90%. And CEOs of major corporations now make 300 times what their average workers [Music] make.

But it's not just income and wealth inequality. Today we have more concentration of ownership than we have ever had, while the profits on Wall Street and Corporate America soar. A handful of giant corporations dominate sector after sector, whether it's agriculture, transportation, media, financial services-a small number of very, very large international corporations dominate, and they charge us outrageously high prices for the products they sell us. If you could believe it, three Wall Street firms-three firms: BlackRock, Vanguard, and State Street-combined are the major stockholders of 95% of American corporations.

And let me say this: the 1% live completely and isolated lives from the rest of this country. They have no clue what is going on in the real world. They live in their mansions and their gated communities. They fly around the world in the private jets or the helicopters that they own. They have well-trained nannies taking care of their babies. They send their kids to the best private schools and colleges. Sometimes they take vacations not in a Motel 6, not in a national park, but in their very own islands that they own. And for the very, very richest, they have fun flying off into outer space on their very own spaceships-and maybe they should stay [Applause] there.

That is one America-an America where people live with tremendous wealth and tremendous luxury. They have it all. But there is another America-the America that you know and the America you live in. And in that America, 60%-60% of our people-are living paycheck to paycheck, and millions of workers are trying to get by on starvation wages. Unlike Donald Trump, I grew up in a family that lived paycheck to paycheck, and I know, as you know, something about that reality. And it is a reality that I will never forget, and I have a feeling as I look out at you today that many of you know that reality.

Now here's something that we don't talk about too much: what does it mean-what does it mean to live paycheck to paycheck? Tell me, what's it mean? Robbing Peter to pay Paul. Oh, raise your hand, let me get to some people. Yes-going without. Yes-no health insurance. Knowing how to figure out how to pay your credit card when interest rates are 20% if you're delinquent, right? Yes ma'am-how to put one's kids through college. Yes-wanting to buy a house, how you going to figure that one out? Yes sir. [Music] Paying-whether or not you're going to buy your prescription drugs or you pay your rent. Going hungry in America. Way in the back there-yeah, wanting to go to college, not having the money to do that. Yeah, okay. Yeah, yes ma'am. Okay-stress every day to pay the rent, that's what it's about.

All right, we could go-I know we could go to everybody in the thousands here who'll give me a different answer, but here is the bottom line: it means that millions of Americans worry every day-we just heard it-how they're going to pay their rent or how they're going to pay their mortgage. And as Alexandria mentioned a moment ago, all over this country the cost of housing is soaring. So what do you do if you're living paycheck to paycheck and your landlord raises your rent 30%? You got to figure out where you're going to go. If you have a kid, you got to find another school. It is a disaster.

How do you live if you're a single mom paying $20,000 a year for child care when you're making $40,000 or $50,000 a year? People want to feed their kids well, want decent food for dinner. How do you provide decent food for kids when the prices at the grocery store are soaring? If you get sick, your kid gets sick, your mom or your dad gets sick, how do you afford to go to the doctor if you have no health insurance or you have a $10,000 a year deductible? How do you pay your credit card bill? People have credit card bills here, and if you don't pay it, what-you get 20%, 30% interest rates.

People all over this country just worry about what happens if you're living paycheck to paycheck and your car breaks down and the guy at the repair shop says it's costing thousands to get it fixed. Well, what happens if you don't have that thousand bucks? How do you get to work? And what happens if you don't get to work? What happens if you get fired? How you going to take care of your families? Those are the stresses that tens of millions of Americans are experiencing.

Let me tell you something that is almost never, ever talked about-no, no. In America today, our life expectancy-how long we live on average-is about four years shorter than people in most other wealthy countries. But what is even more embarrassing is that working class-working class Americans-are living seven years shorter lives than the wealthy. Why is that? Why is that? Raise your hands. Yes ma'am. All right, this woman hit it right on the head. The answer is stress.

What doctors will tell you-a new medical fact-is that when you live under stress every day, trying to figure out how you're going to feed your kids, how you're going to pay the rent, you know, how you deal with a boss who is not very pleasant-all right, right, dealing with Trump-all of that stress has an impact on your body and your mind. And in the richest country in the world, working class people should not have to die unnaturally young. They should be able to live long and productive lives.

The issue that we're dealing with in America now is not just income and wealth inequality, and it's not just the stress that working people are feeling. Today in America, we are the only major nation on Earth that does not guarantee health care to all people as a human right, despite spending twice as much per capita. You got it-it's not that we're not spending enough money, we're spending a fortune-$14,000 for every man, woman, and child. Despite that, 85 million Americans are uninsured or underinsured.

All right, raise your hand if you have a high deductible. There it is. In America today, 60,000 people die because they don't get to a doctor on time. Got it? And the reason is-and I talk to doctors-people walk in much sicker than they should be, and they say-doctors say, "Well, why didn't you come in here when you first felt your symptoms?" Answer is, "I had no health insurance or I had a high deductible." Right.

Health care is a human right. Together we are going to stand up and finally pass a Medicare for All single-payer program. Today, because of the greed of the pharmaceutical industry-anybody here having a hard time paying for prescription drugs? One out of four Americans can't afford to fill the prescriptions their doctors write, because in some cases we pay 10 times more for the same drugs as sold abroad. There is no reason why we should pay the highest prices in the world for prescription drugs. Let us stand together and demand that Congress lower the cost of prescription drugs by at least 50%.

All over this country we've got a housing crisis-got a housing crisis here in Las Vegas. It's not just that we have 800,000 people who are homeless-that's bad enough-but you got 20 million people in America paying 50% of their limited incomes for housing. We got an education crisis-child care dysfunctional, very expensive, the workers there make low wages, public education doesn't have enough money to attract the teachers that we need, and millions of young people are struggling to figure out how they are going to get a higher education.

And in terms of climate change, we now embarrassingly have a president who believes that climate change is a [Music] [Applause] hoax, which means that we're going to fall further and further behind in trying to save the planet.

So why is all of this stuff happening? Why are we the only country that doesn't guarantee health care? Why are the rich getting richer and working people falling further behind? Oh, it's a smart audience, you got it, you know. We all know it's true in Vermont and I'm sure it's true here. We all know people who are dealing with addiction, right? Drug addiction is a horrendous problem. I think we lost 100,000 people because of drug overdoses. We know people who are alcoholic, who need more and more to drink. We know people who can't control themselves with food or tobacco. But I will tell you that the worst addiction in this country today is the greed of the oligarchy. [Applause] They are like heroin addicts-they need more and more and more, and if they destroy Social Security and Medicaid to get what they want, that is what they will do.

And right now, as Alexandria mentioned, they are in the process of dismembering the federal government and cutting programs that low-income and working families desperately need so they can give themselves over a trillion dollars in huge tax [Applause] breaks. And in order to get those tax breaks, they want to cut Medicaid by $880 billion. They want to destroy our Social Security system at a time when 22% of seniors are trying to get by on $15,000 a year or less. What they are trying to do is to discredit Social Security, lie about Social Security-some of you heard Trump say, "Oh, all these people, 150, 200 years of age, getting Social Security"-total, absolutely. Well, over 99% of the people in this country who get those Social Security checks paid for those checks.

We got any veterans here today? Thank you, veterans. The Musk and Trump are going after the VA. They want to lay off over 80,000 employees at the Veterans [Applause] Administration. That will result in low-quality health care and delays in veterans getting the benefits to which they are entitled. Trump and Musk, right now, today, they're trying to dismantle the Department of Education. That means public schools in working class areas could lose money. It means that people on Pell Grants are going to have a hard time getting those grants, and it means-it means that kids with disabilities who are now getting the support they need may lose that [Music] support.

The way you destroy the government is by laying off hundreds of thousands of employees, and that is precisely what they are doing right now. And I want you all to think about this for a moment. I know we all feel badly for those federal employees-people who have worked for the government for years, devoted their lives to public service-and you have Musk coming along and saying, "Oh, we've determined your performance is poor, you're out of here." [Music] Goodbye.

Now, I know a lot of people feel sympathy for those employees, but I want you to think about something. If Musk and his friends can treat federal employees like that-you worked here 20 years, you're out of here, goodbye-what do you think that they will be doing to workers in the private sector when artificial intelligence comes to take your [Music] job?

Now, technology in itself is not a bad thing if it works for working people, not just the people on top. I mean, it's not just domestic policies of the Trump Administration that we've got to fight. For the first time in our 250-year history, we have a president who is turning his back on democracy and allying us with authoritarianism and murderers like Vladimir [Applause] Putin. No, we must not abandon the people of Ukraine who were invaded. Mr. President, Ukraine did not start this war-Russia did. Our country must always stand for democracy, not dictatorship.

Now, at a time when Netanyahu is waging a horrific war against the Palestinian people, our government must not provide another nickel to that murderous-my friends, it is no great secret that our government is way out of touch with the needs of working families. I don't think anybody would deny it. You have a two-party system, both parties heavily dominated by big money interests. So our job in the coming weeks and months is not just to take Trump on in every step of the way, but it's to do more-it's to have a vision for where our country should be going as the wealthiest nation on Earth.

For beginning-to begin, it's important to know that we are not going to make the changes we need so long as we continue to have a corrupt campaign finance system. It is not democracy when Musk himself could spend $270 million to help elect Trump and then become the most powerful person in [Applause] government. And there are billionaires in the Democratic Party also playing a major role. Our job is to overturn this horrendous Supreme Court decision on Citizens United, to move this country to public funding of elections-one person, one vote, not billionaires buying elections.

No, we should not be giving huge tax breaks to billionaires. On the contrary, we've got to demand that they start paying their fair share of taxes. No. [Applause] That sounds pretty good up here.

While we're at it, we cannot maintain a federal minimum wage of $7.25 an hour. We're going to raise that minimum wage to a living wage-at least 17 bucks an hour. And we-all over this country, workers know that if you want decent wages and benefits and working conditions, you got to join a union. And all over this country, corporations are making it harder and harder for workers to join unions, and that's why we need to pass legislation that I just introduced called the PRO Act that penalizes any employer that acts illegally when workers are trying to form a union.

Together, we're going to stop the cuts to Social Security. Instead of cutting Social Security, we're going to expand Social Security. Instead of making massive cuts to Medicaid, we're going to join every other major country on Earth and guarantee health care to all, to a better care for all.

And in the wealthiest country on Earth, you know what? Nobody should go homeless. Nobody should pay 50% of their income in housing. We can create millions of jobs by building four million units of low-income and affordable housing and stopping corporate landlords from jacking up rent prices. I grew up in a rent-controlled apartment-seems to me that's a pretty good idea, yeah.

And in a competitive global economy, we need the best educated workforce in the world. All of our young people must have the ability to get a higher education by making public colleges and universities and trade schools tuition free. And we are leading the effort for the Green New Deal, creating millions of good-paying jobs, transforming our energy system to save the planet. Let's do it.

I know that there are a lot of people here in Las Vegas and around the country who are feeling despair and anxiety about what's happening in DC, and some of you may feel a little bit hopeless. So let me say this: at this particular moment, this pivotal moment in American history, despair is not an option. Giving up is not acceptable, and none of us have the privilege of hiding under the covers. What are you going to do about it?

And let us never forget: real change only occurs when ordinary people at the grassroots level stand up against oppression and injustice and fight back. That is the history of our country-from way back when, when this country was first formed, you had people here who took on the most powerful person in the world, the King of England and the entire British Empire, and you know what? They won.

In the 1840s, you had people in the abolitionist movement standing up and saying slavery is not acceptable, it's horrendous, it's horrific. They had to take on the great power of the slave owners, and we fought a war where hundreds of thousands of people died, but we won-slavery was abolished.

In the early part of our century, workers who were overworked and underpaid demanded to form unions. Some of them were killed, they were fired, they were beaten, but they stood up for the trade union movement and they won and helped create the American middle class.

In the 1930s, we had a depression-25% of America was unemployed-but people stood up, elected a great president, Franklin Delano Roosevelt, transformed the government, and we managed to end the Depression.

In 1941, the country was attacked at Pearl Harbor. Our military was weak, we had to fight a war on two fronts, yet because the nation came together and we produced the planes, the guns, the tanks that we needed, in two and a half years that war was essentially [Music] won.

So what I am saying to you is that this is not the first time we have faced crisis. And what I believe from the bottom of my heart is the American people do not want to see a handful of billionaires running this country. The American people understand that in democracy, we criticize each other, we have free elections, and we're not like Donald Trump-too cowardly to accept criticism. The American people do not want to move us toward an authoritarian society. The American people understand that there's something very, very wrong today when so few have so much and so many have so little.

So my view is that while I am not a mathematician, I do know that 99% is a hell of a lot bigger number than 1%. I believe from the bottom of my heart, if we do not let Trump and his friends divide us up by the color of our skin or where we were born or our religion or our sexual orientation, if we stand together as one people fighting for justice, there is nothing that we cannot do.

Trust me, I work in Washington and I know the power of the oligarchy-they are all very powerful-but if we stand together, I have zero doubt that we can and will defeat them, that we can transform the economics and politics of this country, and that we can have an economy and a government that works for all of us, not just the 1%. Thank you all. [Applause] [Music] w e e e e e