[Applause] Madison and let me let me thank Alexandria not only for that lovely introduction but for the extraordinary work she is doing all over this country. She is inspiring an entire generation of [Applause] Americans and let me thank you for sending Mark Pocan to the United States House and while I'm at it let me beg of you: return Tammy Baldwin to the US Senate. [Applause] Now it's hard to follow Mark and Alexandria but let me just say this: this is a close election and given our crazy political system what happens in the state of Vermont doesn't matter because Trump is going to lose Vermont by 30 [Applause] points. What happens in Wyoming doesn't matter 'cause Trump is going to win there by 30 points. So what happens in 50 states doesn't really matter; what happens in 10 states does matter and what happens in Wisconsin matters very, very much. So we have filled this place up, we got a thousand or more people here, and in a state where this election could be decided by a handful of votes, if each and every person here brought out two or three more people to the polling booths, you could make the difference in terms of what happens in Wisconsin. Wisconsin can make the difference in terms of what happens in America, and what America does changes the world. [Applause] So you got a little bit of responsibility on your shoulders and that means in the next week do everything you can to make sure that Kamala Harris is the next president of the United States. Now I don't want to spend tonight a whole lot of time on Donald Trump because he is not worth a whole lot of time, but I think what is really important and quite interesting in this crazy election is that for the first time I think ever you have somebody who is running for president and you have his former vice president Mike Pence, an extremely conservative Republican, you have Mike Pence saying I cannot support the guy I worked with for four years, can't support him. You have John Kelly, his chief of staff, who says you know I know Donald Trump, I've been in closed door meetings with Donald Trump, I know what he wants to do to this country and I cannot support Donald Trump. You have Mitt Romney, he's on my committee, conservative Republican, disagree with him on everything but he has moral and religious values and Mitt Romney is not supporting Trump, who was the Republican candidate for president of the United States, and you got many others. So the point is not that I or Alexandria agree with these guys on virtually anything, but they do have the decency and the sense to understand that we cannot allow somebody to be president of the United States who is a pathological liar and who is working night and day to undermine American [Applause] democracy.

I want to talk a little bit about what Kamala is going to do. When she began her campaign, the very first thing that she said was that as I go around the country I see a major housing crisis, and it's not just homelessness. What it is is that we are seeing people paying 50 or 60% of their limited incomes for housing. Not acceptable. Let's build 3 million units of affordable [Applause] housing. Let's take on the corporate landlords who are ripping off their tenants every single day. Let's make it easier for working class people to own their own homes. And Kamala understands something that everybody in this room should understand: that it is an absolute disgrace that in America we have the highest rate of childhood poverty of almost any major country on Earth. And what she is proposing is a permanent extension of the child tax credit which will lower childhood poverty by at least 40% in this country. What Kamala understands is that all over America you have elderly folks and people with disabilities who want to stay in their own homes but are being forced to go into nursing homes because they cannot afford the help they need to stay at home. And that is why, in a very significant step forward, Kamala is saying we got to expand Medicare to cover home health [Applause] care. And she understands, shamefully, because we're the only major country on Earth not to guarantee health care to all people, she understands there are millions of seniors who can't afford hearing aids, can't afford eyeglasses. We're going to expand Medicare to cover those as [Applause] well.

You know, some of you may have noticed it was a couple of weeks ago Donald Trump had an honest 15 minutes of work in McDonald's, finally did some honest work, and he goes to McDonald's, he does his photo opportunity, which is fine, everybody has a photo opportunity, and then the reporter says to him, well, you know, you were here at McDonald's, how do you feel about raising the minimum wage? And with Trump, oh I love McDonald's workers, they're great people, I love—how do you feel about raising the minimum—oh I love McDonald's workers. He didn't answer the question, he ducked the question, and the reason he ducked the question is that at a time when we have 20 million workers in America earning less than 15 bucks an hour, Donald Trump and his friends do not want to raise the minimum wage above the $7.25 an hour it currently is. Now how bloody disgraceful is it that you have a so-called billionaire Trump and a zillionaire Elon Musk running around the country and they will not give a pay raise to millions of workers? Kamala Harris understands that the $7.25 minimum wage is an absolute disgrace, it's got to be raised to a living wage, at least 15 bucks an [Applause] hour.

One of the exciting developments that has occurred in the last couple years—and I know Alexandria's been involved, Mark's been involved, I've been involved in it—we are seeing a significant expansion of the trade union movement in [Applause] America. And as somebody who grew up in a working class home, lived in a rent controlled apartment, I know why, and that is that the working people of America are sick and tired of the corporate greed they are seeing every single [Applause] day. So not only are we seeing great unions taking on that corporate greed and saying to the CEOs of these large corporations, you are making tens of millions of dollars a year, you know what, you're going to pay our workers a decent wage and give us decent benefits. [Applause] But while workers all over America are trying to form unions, the corporate world also understands what's going on. They are spending hundreds of millions of dollars to break unions, to engage in union busting, to fire workers who are trying to organize, to threaten workers they're going to move to China if the shop becomes organized, to fire workers who have been involved in organizing efforts, to take them into the back room and brainwash them about, you know, anti-union propaganda. There is legislation that I am supporting which says that those corporations who engage in illegal—and all of that stuff is illegal—in illegal anti-union activity are going to be fined in a very serious way. And because Kamala understands that we got to grow the trade union movement, that one of the only ways the workers are going to get decent wages, decent benefits, decent retirement is through a growth in the trade union movement, she supports the PRO Act and Donald Trump does not.

We have made in recent years under Biden and Harris some progress—not enough, some progress—in lowering the outrageously high cost of prescription drugs in America. For the first time in American history, after years and years of talk, we have had an administration that had the guts to take on one of the most powerful lobbies in Washington, and that is the very greedy pharmaceutical industry. And that means that right now seniors on Medicare pay no more than 35 bucks a month for insulin. It means that we've lowered the cost of asthma inhalers. It means that come January, a few months from now, no senior in America, no matter how many prescription drugs they take, no senior will pay more than $2,000 a year out of pocket cost. And it means, most importantly, that finally Medicare is negotiating the cost of prescription drugs with the pharmaceutical industry. That's a big deal and we should be proud of what Biden and Harris have done in that effort, working with many of us in Congress. We got a long way to go yet, and that is that in America none of us should have to pay a nickel more for prescription drugs than the people of any other country on [Applause] Earth.

Let me tell you how pathetic our current health care system is. Now I could go on for many hours on that particular topic, but one—just one—aspect that Kamala is attempting to deal with, and that is, unbelievably, in America today if you come down with cancer and you undergo cancer treatment, it turns out that 25% of the people who get that cancer treatment either go bankrupt or deplete their family's financial resources. Can you believe that? Can you imagine people dealing with this terrible disease, struggling for their life, and then they got to worry about whether or not their family is going to go bankrupt? What Kamala Harris believes, what I believe, what I think everybody in this room believes: we have got to cancel all medical debt in [Applause] America.

Now let me touch on an issue that is not discussed enough in this campaign and there needs a lot more discussion. There are a lot of angry people in America, and you know what, people have a right to be angry. But when you get angry, take out your anger on the people who caused the problem, not people who are even worse off than you are. And yesterday, as Alexandria mentioned, Madison Square Garden, we saw what misdirected and vicious and ugly anger is all about. We saw people on the floor talking about Kamala Harris in not only a racist way but in a vulgar, sexist way. We saw racism on stage in a way that I never thought I would be seeing in the year 2024, xenophobia on stage in a way that I never thought I would be seeing. But I did not notice that one of those people who was so angry, so vicious, so ugly, had the guts to take on the ruling class whose greed is destroying America. That they did not have. You see, it's always easy to pick on people below you, people who are hurting, people who are worse off. Nothing new. Demagogues have done that for years. Are they taking on the big money interests, the people who have the wealth, the people who have the power, the people who call the tunes? Well, I didn't see anybody up on that stage have the guts to do that. And that is precisely what our job is. What our job is, not only in the next week to elect Kamala Harris as our next president, but our job is the day after to work hard to build the political movement that we need that will take on the big money interests and create an economy and a government that works for all of [Applause] us.

And one of the issues we have got to deal with straight up is the issue of big money in politics. Just a study came out yesterday, I think it was, talking about billionaires in this country spending over two and a half billion dollars on this election campaign. Handful of people, couple of hundred billionaires, spending enormous sums of money. So it's not enough for these guys that they own the economy, now they want to own the political system. And our job is to get rid of this disastrous Citizens United Supreme Court [Applause] decision and move to public funding of elections.

Now it seems almost every day Donald Trump is out there talking about Bernie Sanders and the far-left agenda. Well, it just so happens that far-left agenda is supported by the overwhelming majority of the American [Applause] people, whether they're Democrats, Republicans, Independents, conservatives, progressives, moderates. People understand in America that health care is a human right, not a [Applause] privilege. They understand that the function of a health care system is to provide quality care for all people, not huge profits for the drug companies and the insurance companies. And that's why Alexandria, Mark, and many of us, with your help, will finally see that Medicare for All comes to the United States of America. [Applause]

Now Donald Trump goes around the country telling people that climate change is a hoax. Now that is not only incredibly stupid, it is not only in defiance of what the entire scientific community says, but I do want to tell you it is incredibly dangerous. And I'll tell you why: because if Trump is elected and we give up, in the largest economy in the world, the struggle to transform our energy system away from fossil fuel, if we run away from that, the next day China will be doing that and Europe will be doing that and every other country on Earth. In other words, we will have surrendered the fight against climate change. And God only knows, after we saw what happened a few weeks ago in Florida, North Carolina, we saw the heat waves in Saudi Arabia, in Europe, we see the terrible forest fires in Canada, in the west coast of the United States, we see the extreme weather disturbances, my own state of Vermont hit time and time again, all over the country drought, floods—God only knows what this planet will look like if Trump gets elected and we give up and surrender the struggle against climate change. So we got to stand united, we got to beat Trump, and we have got to continue the effort to transform our energy system. [Applause] And when we do that, we're going to create a whole lot of good paying jobs. Just one example, if I may: both Alexandria and I worked very hard on the Green New Deal and we were able to get a number of components into that, into the Inflation Reduction Act. One of the things we got into it, just to tell you this one thing, is we were able to get a $7 billion program to help working class people put solar panels on their rooftops, and that will not only protect the environment, it will create a whole lot of good paying jobs. And that's what we were able to do there, and that's an effort that Kamala will continue.

And when we talk about the needs in America, we are living in a highly competitive global economy, and I can tell you that in Vermont—and I'm sure it's not much different here in Wisconsin—we need all kinds of workers. We need more doctors, we need more nurses, we need more dentists, we need more pharmacists, we need more mental health counselors, we need more plumbers, carpenters, electricians, construction workers. You know, we passed the largest infrastructure bill in the history of this country, and in my state we don't have the workers to even do the work to rebuild our wastewater plants and our water systems. So we need the best educated workforce in the world, and it makes no sense to me, no sense at all, that we are seeing young people go deeply into debt because they want a higher education. Maybe it's college, maybe it's the training you need to be a good blue collar worker, but whatever it is, people should not have to go into debt in order to get the education they need to do the work that our country desperately [Applause] needs.

Turns out that half of our older people in this country have nothing—older workers have nothing in the bank. 25% of senior citizens are trying to get by on $15,000 a year or less. Can you imagine trying to get by on $15,000 as a senior or anybody? Half of seniors are trying to get by on $30,000 or less. Now in the House of Representatives, where Mark and Alexandria work, there are 80% of the Republicans there have a brilliant idea: they want to cut Social Security. Well, we have a somewhat different idea: we're going to expand social [Applause] security, and we're going to do that by lifting the cap. Right now you have the absurd situation: somebody making 16 million contributes the same amount into Social Security as somebody making 168,000. That's absurd. Lift the cap, we're going to expand benefits and extend Social Security for decades. [Applause]

Now Donald Trump and his friends say, oh, really fine ideas Bernie, how you going to pay for them? And I will tell you, Donald, how we're going to pay for them: you're going to start paying your fair share of [Applause] taxes. Right now we have the absurd situation where billionaires are paying an effective tax rate lower than truck drivers or nurses, if you can believe that. And apparently that is not enough for Trump. He came up with this brilliant idea the other day—I don't know if you saw it—we're going to eliminate all federal income taxes. Billionaires, millionaires, not going to pay a nickel more in federal income tax. Now according to the economists that I have read, this will result in one of the most significant transfers of wealth in the history of our country. The rich, billionaires, millionaires will pay significantly less in taxes, sales taxes and regressive taxes will go up all over this country. So there you got Donald Trump, a billionaire, working day and night for the billionaire class, and our job is to start working for the working class, the middle class of this country, so that we can create an economy that works for them, not just the few.

Now as I said earlier, as I said earlier, people are angry and they should be angry. You know why they should be angry? They should be angry that at a time when the richest people have never had it so good, 60% of our people in the United States of America are living paycheck to paycheck. They should be angry that we're the only major country on Earth not to guarantee health care to all people as a human right. They should be angry that CEOs of major corporations are making 300 times what workers are making. They should be furious that our life expectancy in the wealthiest country on earth is lower than it is compared to almost every other major country on Earth. And here's something that people really should be outraged about: in America today, if you are a working class person, the likelihood is you will live five to ten years lower than if you are rich. You got that? And you know why that is? It's not only the health care crisis—that's important, people can't get to a doctor, we're losing 60,000 people a year because they don't get to a doctor when they should, they don't have the money, high deductibles, co-payments, all that stuff—that's only half of it. The other half is the stress, the stress that people living paycheck to paycheck are experiencing. I grew up in a family and I know in that condition, I know what that stress is about. It means if the landlord raises your rent, you don't know where you're going to go and you don't know what kind of school you're going to have to find for your kid. It means that if your car breaks down and you don't have any money in the bank, how the hell are you going to get it fixed? And if you can't get it fixed, how do you get to work? And if you don't get to work, you get fired. And if you get fired, what are you going to do? It means that if you are sick, you worry about, I can't go to the doctor, well God forbid I'm going to end up in the hospital, $200,000 bill, how the hell am I going to pay that? That's what people in this country are living with, that's why people are dealing with that stress, and that's why people are exhausted physically, mentally, and are dying 5 to 10 years younger than the rich.

Now brothers and sisters, this is the wealthiest country on Earth. We have all kinds of new technology, artificial intelligence that can and should make life better for all of the people, not just enrich the people on top. Over the last—if you can believe it, and again this is why people are angry—over the last 50 years, despite an explosion in technology and an increase in worker productivity, the average American worker today is earning less in inflation adjusted dollars than he or she did 50 years ago. And you know why? Because there was a massive transfer of wealth that went from the bottom 90% to the top 1%. So that is where we are today: an economy where the people on top have never ever had it so good, a political system dominated by the billionaire class, and yet 60% of our people struggle, living paycheck to paycheck, dying 5 to 10 years younger than the rich. So as we say in Vermont, enough is enough. So let us work in the next week to make Kamala our next president, and the day after let us bring our people together.

Alexandria was talking a moment ago about how these right-wing demagogues out there, they are successful politically because they divide us up. Oh, you're Black, I can't work with you. You're Latino, I can't work with you. You're Asian, I won't work with you. You're gay, I can't work with you. You're born in another country, I can't work with you. We're going to divide us all up, that's what they attempt to do. And what we have got to do is exactly the opposite. What we have got to do is bring our people together—Black and white and Latino, Asian, gay and straight, born in America, born abroad—to create an agenda that speaks to the needs of the working class of this [Applause] country. And it is an agenda, despite what Trump is telling the American people, that is widely supported by Democrats, Republicans, and independents. So brothers and sisters, we can do it.

You know, over the last many decades, this country has come a long way in the struggle for civil rights and breaking down racism. We should be proud of that. We've come a long way in the struggle against sexism and opening up opportunities to women that never existed 40, 50 years ago. We have come a long way—a long way—in the fight against homophobia. We should be proud of all of that. But the one area that we have not made progress, and in fact are losing, is the economic struggle. So what we have got to do is bring our people together, tell the billionaire class that we will no longer accept their greed. This country belongs to all of us, not just a handful of greedy billionaires. That's our struggle. Let's do it. Thank you. [Applause] all [Applause]