Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-press-conference-fort-myers-florida-september-14-2017

Donald Trump: Well, we're working on a deal. We'll see what happens. Very important is the wall to me, and we have to know the wall will not be obstructed, because without the wall, I wouldn't do anything.

Question: So why push the wall back and not attach it to the....

Donald Trump: Well, all I, all I, you know, we're already starting the wall. The wall is being renovated. Fully renovated. Because we have mass amounts of wall. The wall is being fully renovated right now, as you know, and also, we're doing samples of the new wall.

Donald Trump: We have four of them being built right now. And they're under construction, and then well make -- then well make a decision as to which one we want to use. We pretty much have a pretty good idea. But we are looking for extreme border security and surveillance, everything else.

Donald Trump: We also have to get the wall. It doesn't have to be here, but they can't obstruct the wall -- whether its in a budget or something else -- when we're ready --

Question: Are you open to citizenship for DREAMers over time?

Donald Trump: No, we're not looking at citizenship. We're not looking at amnesty. We're looking at allowing people to stay here. We're working with everybody -- Republican. We're working with Democrat. I just spoke with Paul Ryan, he's onboard.

Donald Trump: Everybody is onboard. They want to do something. We're not talking about amnesty. We're talking about -- we're talking about taking care of people, people that were brought here, people that have done a good job and were not brought here of their own volition.

Donald Trump: But very importantly, what we want -- we have to have a wall. If the wall is going to be obstructed when we need the funds -- at a little bit later date, well be determining how much we need -- then we're not doing any --

Question: What do you say, Mr. President, to Steve King who says that your promises can't be believed? And what do you say to Senator Charles Grassley who said you undercut what hes doing in the Judiciary Committee by talking with Pelosi and Schumer last night about all this?

Donald Trump: No, what we're doing is we're doing it in conjunction with the Republicans. We have a very, very good relationship with a lot of people. A lot of people want this to happen. They expect it to happen, and well see if it happens.

Donald Trump: But we'll only do it if we get extreme security, if we get not only surveillance, but everything that goes along with surveillance. And ultimately we have to have the wall. If we don't have the wall, we're doing nothing.

Question: Why did the Democrats say there was a deal at dinner?

Donald Trump: There was no deal and they didn't say they had a deal. In fact, they just put out a statement they didn't say that at all.

Question: Mr. President, if Republicans aren't able to get something in six months, will you continue the DACA program on your own?

Donald Trump: Well talk about that. But I think a deal will be made before six months.

Question: So no relief for DACA recipients unless you get the wall, is that what you're saying?

Donald Trump: The wall -- at some point, they're going to have to -- they cannot obstruct the wall. The wall, to me, is vital. If I don't get the wall, then we will become the obstructionists.

Question: What has to come first -- wall, agreement on the wall?

Donald Trump: We have to have an understanding that whether its in the budget or some other vehicle in a fairly short period of time, the wall will be funded. Otherwise, we're not doing anything.

Question: On tax reform, Mr. President, can you clarify what you said yesterday when you said that the wealthiest Americans will stay the same, maybe pay a little more? Some people interpreted that to say that you may actually raise rates on them.

Donald Trump: So the wealthy Americans are not my priority. My priority are people in the middle class, and that's where we're giving the big tax reduction to. Its about the middle class, and its about jobs. And its about bringing jobs back to the country, bringing back -- the companies back so that companies can get a reduction.

Donald Trump: Right now we're paying the highest tax rate in the world. We want to bring that to around 15 percent. That would make us competitive with China and other countries. So my priority is bringing companies back, bringing money back into the country. Theres trillions of dollars outside of our country that we could bring back, but the taxes don't allow it to happen.

Question: But would you possibly --

Donald Trump: Just so you understand, my priority is jobs -- very simple, its jobs and its the middle class. Taking care of both.

Question: Would you possibly raise rates on the wealthiest Americans?

Donald Trump: I don't think well have to do that, but this is not to benefit the wealthy. This is to benefit the middle class and to benefit companies where they're going to be producing jobs. We want to produce jobs in this country. We want factories coming back, and they're already coming back. But we want factories coming back into our country.

Donald Trump: Right now they're leaving our country. They've started since I've been in, as you know -- you look at Michigan, you look at Ohio, you look at -- they're starting to come back. But to really bring them back, we have to reduce our tax rate. So we're trying to bring it down to around 15 percent.

Question: But if you reduce -- it will bring taxes down on the wealthy.

Donald Trump: Whats going to happen is the individual rate coming down will be substantial for the middle class. We want to take care of the middle class. We want to take care of jobs. The way we're going to get jobs is to make our companies more competitive. And don't forget, a lot of these companies are public companies owned by the public, owned by pension funds, owned by vehicles such as that, so they'll get a big benefit.

Donald Trump: Our priority is jobs and the middle class. Okay, now lets go and see how we're doing because I think we're doing a good job in Florida.

Reporters: Thank you.