Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-press-conference-press-gaggle-departure-november-3-2017

Donald Trump: Well, we're about to begin a long trip, I know some of you are coming with us. We look forward to it. We're actually staying an extra day in the Philippines. We have a big conference, a second conference, and I think we're going to have great success.

Donald Trump: We'll be talking about trade, we'll be talking about, obviously, North Korea. We'll be enlisting the help of a lot of people, and countries. We'll see what happens, but I think we're gonna have a very successful trip. There's a lot of goodwill.

Question: Mr. President, do you remember George Papadapoulus in that first meeting?

Donald Trump: I don't remember much about that meeting. It was a very unimportant meeting. It took place a long time... I don't remember much about it.

Question: Mr. President, do you remember talking to anybody about Russia [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: All I can tell you is this: there was no collusion. There was no nothing. It's a disgrace, frankly, that they continue. You ought to look at Hillary Clinton and you ought to look at the new book that was just put out by Donna Brazile, where she basically bought the DNC, and she stole the election from Bernie. So that's what you ought to take a look at.

Question: [Inaudible] what's the military doing that's different?

Donald Trump: What we're doing is every time we're attacked, from this point forward, and it took place yesterday, we are hitting them ten times harder. So when we have an animal do an attack like he did the other day on the west side of Manhattan, we are hitting them ten times harder.

Donald Trump: They claimed him as a soldier. Good luck. Every time they hit us, we know it's ISIS, we hit them, like you folks, won't believe. Thank you. I will see you... I will see you in Pearl Harbor. We're going to Pearl Harbor.

Question: Will you fire Jeff Sessions if the Justice department doesn't take action?

Donald Trump: I don't know. I'm really not involved with the Justice Department. I'd like to let it run itself, but honestly they should be looking at the Democrats.

Donald Trump: They should be looking at Podesta and all of that dishonesty. They should be looking at a lot of things, and a lot of people have disappointed in the Justice Department, including me. Thank you everybody. Thank you.