Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-press-conference-nfl-morristown-new-jersey-september-24-2017

Question: Should the players who kneeled down be fired?

Donald Trump: [Inaudible]

Question: Should the players who kneeled down today be fired?

Donald Trump: Well, I think the owners should do something about it. I think it's very disrespectful to our flag and to our country. So I certainly think the owners should do something about it.

Donald Trump: There was great solidarity -- I watched a little bit. I was not watching the games today, believe me -- I'm doing other things. But I watched a little bit, and I will say that there was tremendous solidarity for our flag and for our country.

Question: Mr. President, when it comes to Roger Goodell (inaudible).

Donald Trump: Well, that's okay. Look, he has to take his ideas and go with what he wants. I think it's very disrespectful to our country. I think it's very, very disrespectful to our flag.

Donald Trump: I like Bob very much, he's my friend. But he gave me a Super Bowl ring a month ago, right? So he's a good friend of mine, and I want him to do what he wants to do.

Donald Trump: But we have a great country. We have great people representing our country, especially our soldiers, our first responders, and they should be treated with respect. And when you get on your knee and you don't respect the American flag or the anthem, that's not being treated with respect.

Question: Are you inflaming racial tensions?

Donald Trump: No, this has nothing to do with race. I've never said anything about race. This has nothing to do with race or anything else. This has to do with respect for our country, and respect for our flag.

Question: Did the Big Six finalize your tax plan yet, do you know?

Donald Trump: Yeah, we have a tax plan that's totally finalized. I think it will be terrific. I think it's going to go through, and it will be the largest tax cut in the history of our country.

Question: President Trump, will you meet with Congressman Rohrabacher to discuss a possible pardon for Julian Assange?

Donald Trump: I've never heard that mentioned. Really, I've never heard that mentioned.

Question: Will the corporate rate be 20 percent?

Donald Trump: I hope the corporate rate is going to be 15 percent.

Question: But with the plan?

Donald Trump: With the plan? We'll see what happens, but I hope it's going to be 15 percent. But it's going to be substantially lower so we bring jobs back into our country.

Question: Do you think the top individual rate will be 35?

Donald Trump: No, we think we're going to bring the individual rate to 10 percent or 12 percent, much lower than it is right now. This is a plan for the middle class and for companies so they can bring back jobs.

Question: Mr. President, do you have a plan to get the healthcare plan through the Senate?

Donald Trump: Well, we're looking at the healthcare. I mean, I've been watching for seven years as the Republicans have been saying "repeal and replace."" Then you have John McCain voting no

Donald Trump: It's also great for Maine; it's also great for Alaska. Every state you're talking about, it happens to be particularly good for. So I don't know what they're doing. But you know what? Eventually, we'll win, whether it's now or later.

Question: Are you willing to work with Democrats on a bipartisan bill?

Donald Trump: Well, we'll see. We'll see what happens. But the Republicans have been saying for seven years, "repeal and replace

Donald Trump: I mean, if you look at the -- with the block grants. You look at Alaska -- one of the biggest beneficiary would be Alaska, and these are the people that are against it.

Donald Trump: Eventually, we will win on that. My primary focus, I must tell you -- and has been from the beginning, as you can imagine -- is taxes. I believe we will be successful in the largest tax cut in our country's history. Thank you all very much. I'll see you later.

Question: Travel ban -- have you made up your mind on restrictions?

Donald Trump: The travel ban: The tougher, the better.