Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-press-conference-healthcare-tillerson-weinstein-october-7-2017

Donald Trump: Do you ever rest? Do you people ever rest?

Question: What are you asking for from Chuck Schumer?

Donald Trump: Well, if we could make a deal, at least on a temporary basis -- because Obamacare is exploding. It's gone. The premiums are through the roof. You see what's happening. So if we can make a temporary deal -- because ultimately, we're going to have it back to the states.

Donald Trump: We're going to block grant back to the states. But if we made a temporary dea,l I think would be a great thing for people. But it's really up to them. Obamacare is a disaster. The numbers are out. It's exploding like I said it would.

Donald Trump: So basically, if we could do a one-year deal or a two-year deal as a temporary measure, you'll have block granting ultimately to the states, which is what the Republicans want, that really is a repeal and replace.

Question: Can you clarify your "calm before the storm" comment?

Donald Trump: Nothing. Nothing to clarify.

Question: On North Korea, what's the one thing that will work with North Korea?

Donald Trump: Well, you'll figure that out pretty soon.

Question: Mr. President, is your relationship with Secretary Tillerson still intact?

Donald Trump: Very good relationship. I have a very good... that was fake news. That was fake news by NBC, sorry.

Question: [Inaudible, about Harvey Weinstein]

Donald Trump: I've known Harvey Weinstein for a long time. I'm not at all surprised to see it.

Question: What about your Chief of Staff John Kelly?

Donald Trump: John Kelly is one of the best people I've ever worked with. He's doing an incredible job, and he told me for the last two months, he loved it more than anything he's ever done.

Donald Trump: He's a military man, but he loves doing this -- which is chief of staff -- more than anything he's ever done. He's doing a great job. He will be here, in my opinion, for the entire seven remaining years.

Question: [Inaudible, about Rex Tillerson]

Donald Trump: No, no. He likes me like Secretary Tillerson. So do I. We have a very good relationship. We disagree in a couple of things. Sometimes I'd like him to be a little bit tougher, but other than that we have a very good relationship.

Question: Were Harvey Weinstein's actions inappropriate?

Donald Trump: Well, he says they were inappropriate.

Question: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: That's locker room. That's locker room. Yeah, go ahead.

Question: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: Well, we're gonna see what happens. We're gonna see what happens. So now I am going to the really great state, a state that I love, of North Carolina, and I'll see you later Go home and rest. What?

Question: Will you recertify the Iran Deal?

Donald Trump: You're gonna see very soon.