Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-press-conference-nfl-white-house-september-24-2017

Question: Do you agree with your Treasury secretary that the first amendment rights should be off the field?

Donald Trump: I think that the flag has to be respected, our country has to be respected. There's plenty of room to do other things, but our country has to be respected, and I've always felt very strongly about that, and, by the way most people agree with me.

Question: What about the players' first amendment rights?

Donald Trump: hey have rights. We all have rights. But when you're on that field, and you know there's a situation going on... this is a great, great country and we have a great flag, and they should respect our flag. They're making a lot of money. I'm not grudging anything. I'm just saying they have to respect our flag, and have to respect our country.

Question: Mr. President, what do you think the NFL should do in this [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: The NFL has to work at their own problems. Their... their numbers are way down, and I think this is a big reason why their numbers are way down.

Question: Are you calling on your supporters to boycott the NFL?

Donald Trump: No, not at all. I don't care. They can do whatever they want. I'm just... I'm just telling you from my standpoint, I think it's very disrespectful to our country. Thank you all very much.

Question: Do you want to comment on your Commerce Secretary's flights? Charter flights? Private flights, Mr. President? [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: Who did?

Question: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: No, I don't think he took the flight. I think if you check your records, he didn't take the flight. Why don't you check your records before you make it... why don't you check check your records before you make a statement.

Donald Trump: As I understood it, I don't know much about it. I haven't heard about it, but I understand he never took the flight.

Question: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: Well, you'll have to ask him about that. I don't know. Now as far as as far as Secretary Price is concerned, that's different. we're looking into it.

Question: Will you respect the investigation?

Donald Trump: Always, always. Thank you very much.