Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-press-gaggle-marine-one-departure-december-8-2018

Donald Trump: Hi everybody. So, I'm going now to the Army-Navy game. I think we're going to flip a coin, and I know both teams are gonna do great.

Donald Trump: General Mark Milley, as you know, was just appointed to the head of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, to be determined date. A little bit later in the year. They usually give quite a bit of notice for a lot of reasons. Mark Milley, he's a great gentleman. He's a great Patriot. He's a great soldier, and I look forward to that.

Donald Trump: On the Mueller situation, we're very happy with what we are reading, because there was no collision whatsoever. There never has been. The last thing I want is help from Russia on a campaign.

Donald Trump: You should ask Hillary Clinton about Russia, because she financed the fake dossier, which I understand they tried to get some information and help from Russia. But, you want to ask them about that very one-sided situation.

Donald Trump: But I think it's all turning around very nicely. But as far as the report that we see according to everybody I've spoken to, I have not read it, there's absolutely no collusion, which is very important.

Question: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: Go ahead.

Question: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: No, no, no.

Question: Does John Kelly still work for you, sir?

Donald Trump: Say it?

Question: Does John Kelly still have a job here?

Donald Trump: John Kelly will be leaving, retire -- I don't know if I can stay retiring, but, he's a great guy. John Kelly will be leaving at the end of the year. We'll be announcing who will be taking John's place. It might be on an interim basis, I'll be announcing that over the next day or two, but John will be leaving at the end of the year.

Donald Trump: He's been with me almost two years now, as you know, between the two positions. So, uh, we're probably going to see him in a little while. But John Kelly --

Question: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: Ready, are you ready? So, John Kelly will be leaving toward the end of the year, at the end of the year, and I appreciate his service very much. Thank you. Thank you all.

Question: [Crosstalk]