Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-press-conference-af1-arrival-cincinnati-october-12-2018

Donald Trump: So, we have good news. Pastor Andrew Brunson is in the air, from Turkey. He's, I think, in good shape. He'll be stopping, most likely, in Germany for a full check-up. And he's going to be coming to the Oval Office, most likely on Saturday.

Donald Trump: But we're very honored to have him back with us. He suffered greatly, but we're very appreciative to a lot of people, a lot of people. So, Pastor Brunson's in the air, heading to Germany, and then coming to the U.S.. He'll be landing, on Saturday, most likely Saturday, in D.C.

Question: What caused the release, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Well, we spoke to Turkey, and he went through a system, and we got him out. They've been trying to get him out for a long time.

Question: [Inaudible, about a deal with Turkey]

Donald Trump: Well, this has nothing to do with anything, there was no deal made, at all. But we're very happy to have him, and have him in good shape. I hear he's in very good shape. We'll see you over at the rally.

Question: Mr. President, are you re-evaluating the relationship with Saudi Arabia?

Donald Trump: Well, we're going to find out what happened with respect to the terrible situation in Turkey having to do with Saudi Arabia and the reporter, and nobody knows quite yet, nobody's been able to put it all together. People are starting to form ideas, and as they're formed, we'll let you know, but it's certainly a terrible thing.

Question: Has their record been overlooked for too long?

Donald Trump: Excuse me?

Question: Has their record otherwise been overlooked for too long?

Donald Trump: Well, I think a lot of records are overlooked. If you look at Iran, if you look at so many the other countries. If you take a look at Syria, if you take a look at a lot of countries, a lot of countries' records have been overlooked, but this is a very serious thing, and we're looking at it in a very serious manner. Okay, and we'll see you. We'll have a big crowd.

Question: Have you spoken with the king in Saudi Arabia about this matter?

Donald Trump: I have not. I have not called him.

Question: Do you plan to soon, sir?

Donald Trump: I will be calling. I will be calling at some point King Salman. You know, you're -- you're right in the way of that camera behind you. I'm sure they -- they think you're a very good-looking guy, but maybe not from that good from the back, right? Alright. So go ahead.

Question: I said, you plan to call him soon?

Donald Trump: I'll be speaking to him. Yes, pretty soon.

Question: Could you tell us -- what will the conversation be like?

Donald Trump: Well, I can't tell you. I will say that they are looking very hard and fast, and not only us. A lot of people are looking to find out, because it -- it is potentially a really, really terrible situation. So we'll see what happens.

Question: Was it a mistake for Jared --

Donald Trump: Yes?

Question: Was it a mistake for Jared to form such a close relationship with the crown prince?

Donald Trump: No, I don't know if it's any closer than other relationships that people have. We have a lot of very close relationships with a lot of countries. But this is a serious problem. Thank you.

Question: Is it right for the Treasury Secretary to go over to their investment conference?

Donald Trump: Well, I guess a lot of people are going over to an investment conference anyway. And he actually called this morning, and he will make that determination. But he was partially over there anyway. A lot of people are going over to the investment conference. We'll see what happens. Maybe some won't be going. We'll make that determination very soon, okay? We'll see you over at the rally.