Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-press-gaggle-air-force-one-arrival-fort-wayne-november-5-2018

Donald Trump: So we have a tremendous crowd of people waiting. It's packed outside, as you'll be able to see. But it's -- they've never seen crowds like this over here. And there's something going on that's really positive for the Republicans. We'll see tomorrow, but there's something going on. And Mike Braun has become well known. He's highly respected. And we're going over now to do a rally with Mike.

Question: Mr. President, how big are the stakes for you in Indiana today?

Donald Trump: Well, I think the stakes are like everywhere else. In Indiana, they like our candidate. It's really about the candidate. But if they want to give me the credit or the liability, I'll be willing to take it. But we have a great, great group of candidates.

Donald Trump: And Mike Braun, he's right at the top. He's done -- he's run a brilliant campaign. Polls just came out; he's actually leading by a little bit. But I don't want to tell Mike that because maybe he'll slow up for the last couple of hours.

Mike Braun: Oh, no. [Laughs]

Donald Trump: But I know him too well. He'll never do that.

Donald Trump: But it's a great race. It's a great race. It's a great state. I won it by a lot, and Mike is going to have a big victory. Okay?

Question: Mr. President, what's your biggest fear if Democrats win the House?

Donald Trump: We'll just have to work a little bit differently. It'll all work out. But I don't think that's going to happen. I think we're doing very well in the House. I think we're doing very well in the Senate. There is something going on, okay? I'm just telling you, we all left Ohio together -- you never saw crowds like this. Thousands and thousands of people outside. In Indiana, you have to see the crowds. And I just got a call from Missouri. We're going to have -- Rush Limbaugh is going to introduce me, which is an honor. And I just had a call from Missouri. They say they've never seen anything like it.

Donald Trump: So it's really something. Something is happening. There's a lot of electricity in the air. Let's see what happens. Right, Mike?

Mike Braun: Yeah.

Question: Are you concerned Democrats will go after your tax returns?

Donald Trump: No, I don't care. They can do whatever they want, and I can do whatever I want.

Donald Trump: Thank you all very much. Thank you.