Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-press-conference-on-air-force-one-july-5-2018

Note: Donald Trump met with reporters for 35 minutes while en route from Washington D.C. to Great Falls, Montana. Cameras and audio recordings were not permitted. Parts were on-the-record, other parts off-the-record.

Note: The below is compiled from pool reports. Please bear in mind that as the White House has not provided an official transcript, we only have the quotes selected by the press pool. Please evaluate the information via that lens.

Question: [Not quoted in pool report. In regard to EPA administrator Scott Pruitt resignation]

Donald Trump: Scott Pruitt did an outstanding job inside of the EPA. We've gotten rid of record breaking regulations and it's been really GOOD. You know, obviously the controversies with Scott but within the agency we were extremely happy.

Donald Trump: His deputy has been with me actually a long time. He was very much an early Trump supporter. He was with us on the campaign. He is a very environmental person. He's a big believer, and he's going to do a fantastic job.

Question: [Not quoted in pool report. In regard to EPA administrator Scott Pruitt and a "final straw"]

Donald Trump: No final straw. I think Scott saw that he was, he was, uh-- look, Scott is a terrific guy. And he came ot me and he said I have such great confidence in the administration. I don't want to be a distraction. And I think Scott felt that he was a distraction.

Question: [Not quoted in pool report. In regard to EPA administrator Scott Pruitt whose decision it was for him to depart]

Donald Trump: It was very much up to him.

Question: [Not quoted in pool report. In regard to EPA administrator Scott Pruitt' resignation timing]

Donald Trump: A couple of days. We've been talking about it for a little while. He'll go on to great things and he's going to have a wonderful life, I hope. But he felt that he did not want to be a distraction for an administration that he has a lot of faith in.

Question: [Not quoted in pool report. In regard to North Korea]

Donald Trump: When I took office, you can quote me on this, North Korea was doing tremendous testing, tremendous missile launches. And you can ask President Obama, he was very close to going to war and he would have lost 50 million people, plus... The rhetoric was very strong. In the meantime for eight months you've had not one rocket launch, missile launch and you haven't had one nuclear test.

Question: [Not quoted in pool report. In regard to North Korea hiding a nuclear program]

Donald Trump: We'll see. We'll see. All I can tell you is this. You ahven't had one missile launch and you haven't had one rocket launch.

Question: [Not quoted in pool report. In regard to trust with Kim Jong-un]

Donald Trump: I had a very good feeling about him from the standpoint -- I shook his hand. I thought we got along very well. I thought we had a good chemistry together. I think we understand each other. I really believe that he sees a different future for North Korea. I hope that's true. If that's not true we'll go back to the other way.

Donald Trump: Under the Obama administration they were launching missiles, they were testing. They're not doing that anymore. That could start tomorrow. Who knows. And if it does, I won't be happy. But for eight months there's been not one rocket or missile launch or there hasn't been a nuclear test. And other things have happened including last week, taking down the anti-US propaganda.

Question: [Not quoted in pool report. In regard to the Supreme Court]

Donald Trump: I'll say on the record that I am interviewing some extraordinarily talented and brilliant people and I'm very, very happy with them and we will pick somebody who will be outstanding, hopefully for many years to come.

Question: [Not quoted in pool report. In regard to the Neil Gorsuch as the model for the announcement]

Donald Trump: Very close. We're going to do it at 9 pm in the White House.

Question: [Not quoted in pool report. In regard to the selection process for the justice]

Donald Trump: I think I have it down to four people and I think of the four people, I have it down to three or two. I think they're all outstanding. Honestly I could pick any of the 25 and they would be terrific. Those are very terrific people. The whole list is extraordinary.

Question: [Not quoted in pool report. A reporter named four potential finalists]

Donald Trump: I don't want say the four. But I have it down to four. I'll have a decision made in my mind by Sunday. We'll announce it on Monday. I'll give you the answer.

Question: [Not quoted in pool report. In regard to candidates visiting Bedminster]

Donald Trump: I was thinking about it. I doubt it. Unlikely. [The president followed up about visitors at Bedminster] We're going to go over the Supreme Court and some other things that we're working on. I do think that something very very exciting is Space Force. There is tremendous excitement about Space Force. We're moving along.

Question: [Not quoted in pool report. In regard to $34 billion in tariffs and China]

Donald Trump: 34, and then you have another 16 in two weeks and then as you know we have 200 billion in abeyance and then after the 200 billion we have 300 billion in abeyance. Ok? So we have 50 plus 200 plus almost 300. It's only on China.

Question: [Not quoted in pool report. In regard to allegations against Rep. Jim Jordan]

Donald Trump: I don't believe them at all. I believe him. Jim Jordan is one of the most outstanding people I've met since I've been in Washington. I believe him 100 percent. No question in my mind. I believe Jim Jordan 100 percent. He's an outstanding man.