Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-press-conference-marine-one-arrival-october-8-2018

Donald Trump: Well, we have a big night. I think it'll be very interesting. I assume most of you will be there for the official swearing-in of Judge Kavanaugh. And I think it will be something very, very special.

Donald Trump: I've always been told it's the biggest thing a President can do, and I can understand that. So it will be very special.

Question: What did you say to Rod Rosenstein?

Donald Trump: We just had a very nice talk. We actually get along. And -- a really good talk.

Question: [Inaudible] the case?

Donald Trump: Yeah, I'm not doing anything. I'm good. So I'm not -- I don't want to do anything about that. I think we'll be treated very fairly. Everybody understands there was no collusion. There's no Russia. It was all made up by the Democrats. They're the ones that colluded with Russia. The Democrats colluded with Russia. And, frankly, the previous administration didn't do anything about Russia when they knew that they should have.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Question: Have you decided to keep Rod Rosenstein?

Donald Trump: You got to speak up. Look.

Question: Have you decided to keep Rod Rosenstein [Inaudible]?

Donald Trump: I said that I was going -- I'm not making any changes. You'd be the first to know. I'm not making any changes, though.

Question: Are you concerned about this Saudi journalist who may have been killed [inaudible]? Have you heard anything about that?

Donald Trump: I am concerned about it. I don't like hearing about it. And hopefully that will sort itself out. Right now, nobody knows anything about it, but there are some pretty bad stories going around. I do not like it.

Donald Trump: Thank you. I'll see you at 7 o'clock.

Question: What do you have to say to Taylor Swift now that she's in politics? Taylor swift coming into politics. What do you have to say to her?

Donald Trump: And what did she say?

Question: She said she wants people to vote for Democrats, and not Marsha Blackburn, especially.

Donald Trump: You know, well, Marsha Blackburn is doing a very good job in Tennessee. She's leading now substantially, which she should. She's a tremendous woman. I'm sure Taylor Swift has nothing -- or doesn't know anything about her. And let's say that I like Taylor's music about 25 percent less now. Okay? Thank you.