Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-press-conference-air-force-one-april-5-2018

Donald Trump: [In Progress] -- very happy. Thought it was really great.

Question: How are you feeling about Scott Pruitt, Mr. President? Is he --

Donald Trump: I think he's done a fantastic job at EPA. I think he's done an incredible job. He's been very courageous. Hasn't been easy, but I think he's done an absolutely fantastic job.

Donald Trump: I think he'll be fine.

Question: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: I think he'll be fine. Yeah, I want to look at it. I haven't seen the details, but I can tell you, at EPA he has done a fantastic job.

Question: Are you bothered by the reports about him, sir?

Donald Trump: On Scott?

Question: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Who's saying that? I have to look at it, and close. You know, I hear different versions of it. But I'll make that determination. But he's a good man.

Donald Trump: He's done a terrific job. But I'll take a look at it very closely.

Question: What did you think of his interview?

Donald Trump: You know, I didn't -- with Ed Henry?

Question: Yes.

Donald Trump: Which one? Ed Henry?

Question: Yes. With Fox.

Donald Trump: It's an interesting interview. [Laughs]

Question: Are you thinking about switching him out for Attorney General?

Donald Trump: No, no. No, Scott is doing a great job where he is.

Question: How many National Guard do you want to see at the border?

Donald Trump: Anywhere from 2,000 to 4,000. We're looking at a combination of from 2,000 to 4,000. We're moving that along.

Question: How much do you think that's going to cost?

Donald Trump: We're looking at it, but, I mean, I have a pretty good idea. But it depends on what we do. But we're looking from 2,000 to 4,000. And we'll probably keep them, or a large portion of them, until such time as we get the wall.

Donald Trump: Did you enjoy the roundtable? A little different, right?

Question: [Inaudible] -- about Amazon. You've been tweeting a lot about that. Are you going to actually take some action to change the law that would affect Amazon?

Donald Trump: Well, Amazon is just not on an even playing field. You know, they have a tremendous lobbying effort, in addition to having The Washington Post, which is, as far as I'm concerned, another lobbyist. But they have a big lobbying effort. One of the biggest, frankly.

Donald Trump: One of the biggest. And it's -- you know, what they have is a very uneven playing field. You look at the sales tax situation -- which is going to be taken up, I guess, very soon -- it's going to be a decision by the Supreme Court.

Donald Trump: [Video Begins] So we'll see what happens. The Post Office is not doing well with Amazon, that I can tell you. But we're going to see what happens. The playing field has to be level for everybody. That's very important.

Question: Would you like to make changes to make that level playing field?

Donald Trump: Well, I'm going to study it and we're going to take a look. We're going to take a very serious look at that. But I want, as long -- hey, it's very important for me. It's got to be an even playing field for everybody.

Question: Mr. President, did you know about the $130,000 payment to Stormy Daniels?

Donald Trump: No. No. What else?

Question: Then why did Michael Cohen make those if there was no truth to her allegations?

Donald Trump: Well, you'll have to ask Michael Cohen. Michael is my attorney. And you'll have to ask Michael Cohen.

Question: Do you know where he got the money to make that payment?

Donald Trump: No, I don't know. No.

Question: Did you ever set up a fund of money that he could draw from?

Question: I'm sorry, I couldn't hear your response earlier about Scott Pruitt. Are you still --

Donald Trump: About who?

Question: About Pruitt. I was -- I couldn't hear it.

Donald Trump: I think that Scott has done a fantastic job. I think he's a fantastic person. I believe -- you know, I just left -- I just left coal and energy country. They love Scott Pruitt.

Donald Trump: They feel very strongly about Scott Pruitt, and they love Scott Pruitt. Thank you very much everybody. I'll see you back in New York. Thank you.

Question: Can you talk about Syria, Mr. President? And North Korea?