Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-press-gaggle-onboard-air-force-one-april-5-2019

Note: This gaggle was held on Air Force one at about 10 a.m. en route from JBA to El Centro, California. No audio or video was made available, only the transcript.]

Donald Trump: Hello, everybody. The economic numbers just came out. They're very, very good. Our country is doing unbelievably well economically. Most of you don't report that because it's -- it doesn't sound good from your perspective. But the country is doing really, really well. We have a lot of very exciting things going on, a lot of companies will be announcing shortly they're moving back into the United States.

Donald Trump: They are all coming back. They want to be where the action is. I'm heading to the border. We're building a lot of wall, were going to show U.S. section, and a lot of things are happening, a lot of very positive things are happening.

Question: [Inaudible, in regard to the Fed]

Donald Trump: Well, I personally think the feds should drop rates. I think they really slowed us down. There is no inflation. I would say in terms of quantitative tightening, it should actually now be quantitative easing. Very little if any inflation, and I think they should drop rates and they should get rid of quantitative tightening.

Donald Trump: You would see a rocket ship. Despite that, we're doing very well.

Question: [Inaudible about the Fed]

Donald Trump: We're going in a little different direction. Ron is a good man, but we're going and a tougher direction. We want to go in a tougher direction. David?

Question: [Inaudible] Joe Biden's behavior and argue the right messenger for that?

Donald Trump: Yeah, I think I'm a very good messenger and people got a kick out of it. He's going through a situation. Let's see what happens, but people got a cake. We got a -- we got to sort of smiled a little bit, right?

Question: [Inaudible, in regard to Joe Biden]

Donald Trump: No, I don't see Joe Biden as a threat. No. I don't see him as a threat. I think he's only a threat to himself.

Question: [Inaudible, in regard to Joe Biden]

Donald Trump: I just don't see him as a threat. He's been there a long time, his record is not good, he'd have to run on the Obama failed to record. You look at what happened with so many different things, North Korea, the Middle East, the economy never got going. No, I don't think Joe is a threat. I'd love him to be. I mean, look, I'd be happy with any of them, to be honest.

Question: Mr. President why did you change your mind about shutting down the border?

Donald Trump: I never changed my mind at all. I may shut it down at some point, but I'd rather do tariffs. So Mexico, I have to say, has been very, very good, you know that over the last four days since I talked about shutting down the border. If they continue that, everything will be fine. If they don't, were going to tear up their cars to 25 percent coming into the United States.

Donald Trump: So every time they make a car, it's a 25 percent tariff. That means we make money as opposed to lose money. We probably bring those car companies back into the United States. But if, on the other hand, it doesn't work, which it will 100 percent -- the tariff will work just like they've worked with steel, our steel industry is so hot right now because of what I did with cherubs.

Donald Trump: Same thing with aluminum. They'll work. But if it didn't work, I'll close the border. I also am looking at an economic penalty for all of the drugs that are coming in through the southern border and killing our people.

Question: [Inaudible, in regard to China]

Donald Trump: The China meeting was a big success. I think we're going to have a -- look, we have a very good relationship. We're going to see. I don't want to predict a deal or not ideal, but we are very well along. We've really negotiated probably the two hardest points very successfully for our country, and China understands.

Donald Trump: You know, China has taken advantage of our country for 30 years and we can't do that anymore, not with me.

Question: [Inaudible, in regard to the border]

Donald Trump: Because Mexico has been absolutely terrific for the last four days. They are apprehending everybody. Yesterday, they apprehended 14 -- 1,400 people. The day before was 1,000. And if they apprehend people at their southern border where they don't have to walk through, that's a big homerun. We can handle it from there.

Donald Trump: It's really good. Now, Congress has to act. They had to get rid of catch and release, chain migration, visa lottery, they have to get rid of the whole asylum system because it doesn't work. And frankly, we should get rid of judges. You can't have a court case every time somebody steps their foot on our ground.

Donald Trump: So very important that Congress acts. But Mexico, for the last 4 days, it's never happened like that in 35 years.

Question: [Inaudible, in regard to trade and Mexico]

Donald Trump: This will supersede USMCA. USMCA is a great deal and it's very good for Mexico, but this will supersede USMCA.

Question: Mr. President, are you going to [Inaudible] or are you going to hold a rally?

Donald Trump: I'm going to hold a rally. Yeah, because the dinner is so boring and so negative that were going to hold a very positive rally.

Question: Where?

Donald Trump: We haven't determined. We have about three sites. Everybody wants it. It'll be a big one. But the correspondent's dinner is too negative. I like positive things. Right?

Question: [Inaudible, in regard to the Russia investigation]

Donald Trump: No, they've already got it. He's old news. He lied numerous times during his last testimony. They've had that for many months.

Question: [Inaudible, in regard to taxes]

Donald Trump: Oh, I don't know. That's up to whoever handles it. I don't know. Hey, I'm under audit but that's up to whoever it is. From what I understand, the law is 100 percent on my side.

Question: [Inaudible, in regard to Venezuela]

Donald Trump: Venezuela is a mess. This is what socialism brings. You elect this socialist here, you will have the same exact country as you have in Venezuela. Thank you.