Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-press-gaggle-aboard-air-force-one-september-17-2019

Note: [Donald Trump spoke for approximately 50 minutes with reporters aboard Air Force One between Albuquerque and Mountain View, California, off-the-record. Afterwards, he agreed to allow certain comments to be captured on-the-record.]

Note: [The below is the transcript as provided by the White House Press Pool. As the conversation was initially off-the-record, there is no public recording of the exchange. Below are the quotes exactly as provided by the Pool, with anything else noted inside brackets.]

Question: Is a meeting with Rouhani still possible, or is that off the table for next week?

Donald Trump: I never rule anything out, but I prefer not meeting him.

Question: Have you determined whether you need to make those releases from the strategic petroleum reserves?

Donald Trump: I don't think I need to, but I'm willing to do it. We're the undisputed champion of energy. We are now way ahead of number two and three, which is Saudi Arabia and Russia. Let people do what they have to do. And they've done it. But I can really step it up a lot more if we have to. So I don't believe I need to, but if we want to use strategic oil reserves, I would open them up."

Question: Will you be talking to Sec. Carson about the homelessness issue?

Donald Trump: Yes. I am. We can't let Los Angeles, San Francisco and numerous other cities destroy themselves by allowing what's happening. And I'm speaking to tenants -- in some cases foreign people, foreign tenants -- but they have where they're tenants in buildings throughout various cities in California, and other places... where they want to leave the country.

Donald Trump: They can't believe what's happening. Where our policeman that are on the beat are getting sick. They're actually sick. They're going to the hospital. We can't let that happen.

Question: [Question not captured by Pool. Trump mentioned the creation of an "individual task force."]

Donald Trump: We're looking at it very seriously. I've spoken to [HUD] Sec. Carson in terms of the housing element. But we have people living in our... best highways our best streets, our best entrances to buildings and pay tremendous taxes, where people in those buildings pay tremendous taxes, where they went to those locations because of the prestige.

Donald Trump: In many cases they came from other countries and they moved to Los Angeles or they moved to San Francisco because of the prestige of the city, and all of a sudden they have tents. Hundreds and hundreds of tents and people living at the entrance to their office building. And they want to leave. And the people of San Francisco are fed up, and the people of Los Angeles are fed up. And we're looking at it, and we'll be doing something about it.

Question: [Question not captured by Pool. Trump gave a list of five finalists for national security adviser: Robert O'Brien, Ric Waddell, Lisa E. Gordon-Hagerty, Fred Fleitz and Keith Kellogg. He praised O'Brien and Kellogg]

Donald Trump: I think [O'Brien's] fantastic. I love Keith Kellogg. Keith Kellogg he's been with me from the beginning. He's great. I like [Waddell] a lot.

Note: [Question not captured by Pool. Trump dismissed the significance of Elizabeth Warren's crowd size in New York on Monday night.]

Donald Trump: Anybody that can't get people standing in the middle of Manhattan in the most densely populated area of the country -- anybody could do that. I think more Democrats should do it. I get these crowds in areas that nobody's ever seen crowds before. Pretty amazing. Certainly, if I went to Manhattan, if I went there -- number one, she didn't have 20,000 people and number two, I think anybody would get a good crowd there.

Donald Trump: I think you have a good crowd there if you don't even go there, just say you're going and how many people are in the park."

Question: [Question not captured by Pool. Trump expressed outrage over the New York Times report on Justice Kavanaugh and sympathy for the justice as he comes under criticism from Democrats and the media.]

Donald Trump: They've hurt that man and his family so badly. He has been just really devastated by the hurt that's been caused to him, his beautiful daughters, his fantastic wife -- they have hurt him so badly. ... He has been hurt so badly and it's so unfair. He's a good man. That wasn't supposed to be in the cards.

Question: [Question not captured by Pool. Trump on the death of Cokie Roberts.]

Donald Trump: I never met her. She never treated me nicely. But I would like to wish her family well. She was a professional and I respect professionals. I respect you guys a lot, you people a lot. She was a real professional. Never treated me well, but I certainly respect her as a professional."

Question: [Question not captured by Pool. Trump on China trade negotiations.

Donald Trump: They are starting to buy our farm products big league.

Question: Deal before the election?

Donald Trump: I think there'll be a deal maybe soon, maybe before the election, or one day after the election. And if it's after the election, it'll be a deal like you've never seen, it'll be the greatest deal ever and China knows that. They think I'm going to win. China thinks I'm going to win so easily and they're concerned because I told them, if it's after the election it's going to be far worse than what it is right now.

Donald Trump: I told them that. Would they like to see somebody else win? Absolutely. It'll be the greatest deal ever made and China knows that. If it's after the election, it'll be the toughest deal anybody's ever had to make from the standpoint of China, and they know that. China knows that. China would love to have Sleepy Joe and Elizabeth 'Pocahontas' Warren.