Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-press-gaggle-marine-one-departure-july-16-2019

Question: Do you have any regrets at all about what you said?

Donald Trump: About what?

Question: From Sunday you feel like [Inaudible]?

Donald Trump: No. If people want to leave our country they can. If they don't want to love our country. If they don't want to fight for our country they can. I'll never change on that. No.

Question: Do you think you're [Inaudible] winning the political fight?

Donald Trump: I do think I'm winning the political fight. I'm winning it by a lot.

Question: Why?

Donald Trump: I think that they are not espousing the needs of our country these four Congresswoman. I think that they said horrible things and the press doesn't cover it. You should try covering it. When you look at some of the things they said they're unthinkable. If somebody else or me or anybody else said things like that it would be historic.

Donald Trump: So, you ought to look at some of the horrible things said because it's never been said before.

Question: [Inaudible] democratic party. How do you think that [Inaudible] on that?

Donald Trump: Well, the democratic party is really going in a direction that nobody thought possible. They are going to so far left they are going to fall off a cliff. So I think they are making a big mistake. But who knows that is up to them.

Question: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: Well, there is a lot of talk about the fact that she was married to her brother. I know nothing about it. I hear she was married to her brother. You're asking me a question about it. I don't know but I'm sure that somebody will be able to look into that.

Question: Earlier today that the democrats in congress went easy on you last night with the [Inaudible].

Donald Trump: Well, I think the story last night was at 187 republicans voted in favor of Trump and 4 voted against. I think that was the big story. That seems to be the story. Great community in the republican party. Very unfair what has happened with respect to the way I would say republicans are being treated, frankly, but certainly the way -- certainly the way this president has been treated.

Donald Trump: In the history of our country there has never been anything like this and this should never be allowed to happen to another president again. Should never be allowed to happen. Despite that we've created the greatest economy in the history of our country. We are doing things like nobody has ever done. And we have the best job numbers in the history of our country -- African American, Asian American, women, Hispanic American -- best job numbers we've ever had.

Donald Trump: And I have to go because I see it starting to pour.

Question: Did someone [Inaudible].

Donald Trump: I'm not relishing the fight. I'm enjoying it because I have to get the word out to the American people and you have to enjoy what you do. I enjoy what I do. The key is -- the key is it's not a question of relishing. They're wrong. They're absolutely wrong. That's not where our country wants to be. We're not going to go and we're not going to be a socialist country.

Donald Trump: It's not going to happen.

Question: [Crosstalk]