Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-press-gaggle-united-nations-arrival-september-23-2019

Question: Mr. President [Crosstalk]

Question: Welcome to the U.N. sir.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. Thank you very much.

Question: Are you will to meet [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: Say it?

Question: Are you willing to meet with Mr. Rouhani, sir?

Donald Trump: We'll see what happens. We have a long way to go. We'll see what happens. We're doing just fine. We're doing very well with the economy. Some numbers came out that are fantastic. Our economy now is better than anybody's in the world, and it has been for the last two years. But we're doing very well, and as far as the meeting is concerned we'll see what happens.

Question: [Crosstalk] A question -- When you just want to raise your voice to make a point for freedom of religion. this is amazing. Actually, I'm very grateful.

Donald Trump: [Inaudible] I would like to see that.

Question: [Inaudible] church [Inaudible] have been severely persecuted,and actually, really close to the capitol. I would like to invite you to visit [Inaudible].

Donald Trump: We'll get to that later -- you'll invite me, that would be very nice.

Question: [Crosstalk] Mr. President, are you concerned about impeachment? Sir, are you concerned about impeachment, sir?

Donald Trump: What?

Question: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: I don't know what you're saying.

Question: [Crosstalk] Mr. President, how seriously are you taking the [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: Not at all, seriously. We had a perfect phone call with the President of Ukraine. Everybody knows it. It's just a Democrat witch hunt. Here we go again. They failed with Russia. They failed with recession. They failed with everything, and now they're bringing this up. The one who's got the problem is Biden, because you look at what Biden did.

Donald Trump: Biden did what they would like to have me do, except that one problem: I didn't do it. What Biden did is a disgrace. What his son did is a disgrace. The son took money from Ukraine. The son took money from China. A lot of money from China. China would love to see -- he would -- they could think of nothing they'd rather see than Biden get in, because they will take this great deal that we're about to make, and they would really have themselves a deal [Crosstalk]. Let me just tell you.

Donald Trump: Let me just tell you. What Biden did was wrong.

Question: What do you tell the Ukrainian president about Joe Biden and his son, during your -- your phone call?

Donald Trump: Well you're going to see, because what we are doing is we want honesty, and if we deal with a country, we want honesty, and I think with the new President, you're going to see much more honesty in the Ukraine. And that's what we're looking for. We're supporting a country. We want to make sure that country is honest.

Donald Trump: It's very important to talk about corruption. If you don't talk about corruption, why would you give money to a country that you think is -- is corrupt. One of the reasons the new President got elected is he was going to stop corruption. So it's very important that on occasion you speak to somebody about corruption.

Donald Trump: Very important.

Question: [Crosstalk] Are you willing to clear this up -- Are you willing to clear this up by releasing the whistleblower report sir?

Donald Trump: Quiet. Go ahead.

Question: When are you going to meet with Kim Jong-un?

Donald Trump: Could happen soon. Could happen soon. It could happen soon. Thank you everybody.