Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-press-gaggle-air-force-one-september-18-2019

Note: [Donald Trump gaggled with reporters aboard Air Force One for about 22 minutes on the flight from San Diego to Joint Base Andrews. This transcript was captured by pool reports and by the White House. No audio was made available.]

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. We're with Robert O'Brien, who, as you know, is the new National Security Advisor. He's worked with me for quite a while now on hostages, and we've had a tremendous track record with respect to hostages. Robert can tell you about it. But we brought a lot of people back home and we haven't spent any money.

Donald Trump: [In progress] Big, big section, many sides. Honestly, too big for one contract. Far too big. And it's going up. I'm glad you got to see it.

Donald Trump: So, that's good, because you can't do the money thing. If you do the money thing, all of a sudden it will double and triple and quadruple. You'll say, "What's going on?" So, Robert has been fantastic. We know each other well. And maybe, Robert, say a few words. Please. AMBASSADOR O'BRIEN: Great.

Question: Was there anything that surprised you about seeing it firsthand?

Donald Trump: Thank you. Look, it's a privilege to serve with the President and to -- and we look forward to another year and a half of peace through strength. We've had tremendous foreign policy successes under President Trump's leadership. I expect those to continue. We've got a number of challenges, but there's a great team in place with Secretary Pompeo and Secretary Esper, Secretary Mnuchin, and others.

Donald Trump: No. I mean, I've seen it. I mean, I saw it -- tiny sections of it -- when we were devising it. This was -- you know, this is a lot -- a lot of work coming out. We have two concepts. We have that concept and we have a point at the top -- it's a little complicated; nobody cares -- but without the structural beam because they structural beam is in a different location.

Donald Trump: And I look forward to working with them and working with the President to keep America safe and continue to rebuild our military and really get us back to a peace-through-strength posture that will keep the American people safe from the many challenges around the world today.

Donald Trump: Both have advantages. This is probably the strongest [Inaudible]. You don't get much stronger than that. [Inaudible]

Question: Mr. O'Brien, what advice do you have for the President about the situation in Saudi Arabia and any possible military strike on Iran?

Question: Is that what you're putting up around the White House?

Robert O'Brien: Yeah, so we're looking at those issues now and getting briefed up. And I think Secretary Pompeo is in Saudi Arabia now or is just coming home. And any advice that I give the President will be something I give him confidentially. But we're monitoring that situation closely.

Donald Trump: No, but that's what the Democrats are putting up around their convention. They're building a big wall. We're doing it, too. [Inaudible] They're building a big wall around their convention, which they should do.

Question: And, Mr. President, any update on your thinking?

Question: What did you sign on the wall? What did you write on the wall.

Donald Trump: Yeah, I have nothing to report yet. We'll probably be speaking to you tomorrow, maybe the next day. But nothing to report. But it hasn't changed very much. I think my thinking pretty much remains the same. And we haven't learned much that we didn't know. But there is -- there is a certain -- a guarantee factor.

Donald Trump: Just my name. They just said, "Sir, could you sign?" The Border Patrol said, "Could you sign your name?" And I did. I autographed one of the bollards. There are a lot of bollards. That's a lot of bollards. So, that's pretty good. So, I -- and I think it's moving along really well.

Donald Trump: We're really at a point now where we know very much what happened. Yes.

Question: Can you talk about -- can you talk about your decision to appoint a different FEMA Administrator?

Question: Lindsey Graham said sanctions aren't enough. Will you do more on Iran?

Donald Trump: No, I'm happy with Kevin. I think Kevin -- are you talking about -- which one? Oh, FEMA?

Donald Trump: We'll see what happens. We'll see. You'll watch. Peter.

Question: To switch out the nomination [Inaudible]?

Question: Mr. President, should Rouhani come to New York next week?

Donald Trump: We're happy with the job they're doing. We looked at a lot of different things. We think he would have been very good. But we're also very happy with the man who's acting, who has been acting. You're talking -- you said "FEMA"? Because I didn't hear you.

Donald Trump: Excuse me?

Question: Yeah. You're going to nominate Gaynor instead of Byard?

Question: Should President Rouhani come to New York next week for [Inaudible]?

Donald Trump: Yeah, we're very happy -- yeah, we're very happy with what's been going in FEMA. They did a fantastic job. Puerto Rico is 100 percent ready and every place was ready. We're not involved in the Bahamas. But after the fact, we've really been a big help to the Bahamas, as you probably have heard. No, FEMA is running very well.

Donald Trump: I really don't know. I really don't know. That's up to him. I mean, I'm -- it's not up to me. It's up to him. We'll see what happens.

Donald Trump: We're very happy [Inaudible]. Yeah.

Question: [Inaudible] visas from Iranians to come?

Question: Sir, there's a document that was circulating on Capitol Hill today that had some proposals for gun reforms that would expand background checks. And that was being given to Republican senators. Is that something you would support: expanding background checks [Inaudible]?

Donald Trump: Well, we're going to see what happens. I would let them come. If it was up to me, I would let them come. I've always felt the United Nations is very important. I think it's got tremendous potential. I don't think it's ever lived up to the potential it has, but I would certainly not want to keep people out if they want to come.

Donald Trump: No, no. We're looking at many different things. That was a news conference that was given. And we're throwing out many different ideas to Republicans and Democrats -- see where they all come out. And that was a document that you were talking -- I haven't seen that document. But we're throwing a lot of ideas out, but we're always going to be watching extremely closely the Second Amendment.

Donald Trump: So, that would be up to them.

Question: That was put out by your leg affairs -- by your legislative affairs?

Question: [Inaudible] Senator Graham, who said that the failure to strike Iran this summer was a sign of -- taken by Iran as a sign of weakness?

Donald Trump: That was put out by, I think -- wasn't that Bill Barr, the Attorney General?

Donald Trump: No, I actually think it's a sign of strength. We have the strongest military in the world now. And I think it's a great sign of strength. It's very easy to attack. But if you ask Lindsey, ask him: How did going into the Middle East -- how did that work out? And how did going in Iraq work out? So, we have a disagreement on that.

Question: The Department of Justice drafted it and then [Inaudible] was involved in it.

Donald Trump: And, you know, there's plenty of time to do some dastardly things. It's very easy to start. And we'll see what happens. We'll see what happens. I think we have a lot of good capital. If we have to do something, we'll do it without hesitation.

Donald Trump: We got Bill Barr involved. He's a very -- he's an expert on guns and gun control. And about a week ago, we asked Bill to get involved. And those are ideas that we're talking to Republicans, Democrats, everybody about. Some -- some they like, some they don't like. Just a series of concepts and ideas.

Question: Mr. President, do you agree with the Secretary -- Mr. Pompeo -- that the attacks in Saudi were an "act of war"? And if so, what's the response on the U.S. end?

Question: It's been about a month since those back-to-back mass shootings that re-sparked the debate.

Donald Trump: He just came out with a statement. He spoke to me a little while ago. And we'll have an announcement. Okay?

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Question: What does Mr. O'Brien bring to the table that you were looking for that maybe you didn't get through Mr. Bolton?

Question: [Inaudible] or do you think that this is just going to kind of peter out, lose momentum, and there won't be [Inaudible]?

Donald Trump: It's very interesting. Mr. O'Brien is highly respected. He was highly respected by so many people that I didn't even know really knew him. He did a tremendous job on hostage negotiation -- really tremendous, like unparalleled. We've had tremendous success in that regard. Brought home many people.

Donald Trump: Well, it depends on whether or not the goalposts are moved. I mean, I think we'll come to some kind of a conclusion -- you know, conclusion. We will come to a conclusion, I believe, with the Democrats. The question is whether or not, if we do, they'll say, "Well, we can't do it. We're going to move the goalposts a little bit."

Donald Trump: And through hostage negotiation, I got to know him very well myself. But also, a lot of people that I respect rated him as their absolute, number-one choice. So, you know, I think we have a very good chemistry together, and I think we're going to have a great relationship. He is a very talented man.

Question: You said they want --

Question: Mr. President, would you raise more sanctions on Iran today?

Donald Trump: It's not an easy -- I think they do want. I think there are certain Democrats that really want to do it. And I would like to do it, and Republicans would like to do it. We have to get something that we all agree on. And, you know, I've been very strong from the day you first met me on the Second Amendment.

Donald Trump: I did.

Donald Trump: We're going to be watching that very closely. So, we have a whole series of ideas and concepts that we're going to be talking about. And some are liked, and some aren't liked. In that report, there are some ideas that were liked and some ideas that weren't liked at all, actually.

Question: Would you announce more sanctions on Iran? What will they include?

Question: Is Robert O'Brien on the plane with you?

Donald Trump: We'll be adding some very significant sanctions onto Iran.

Donald Trump: He's here.

Question: And what will they include, sir?

Question: Did you meet with him last night or this morning?

Donald Trump: We'll be announcing it over the next 48 hours.

Donald Trump: We met last night. We met last night. I've been talking -- he was highly recommended by many people. Many, many people. Many senators recommended him. And some Democrats recommended him, actually.

Question: And you said that there will be a further announcement on Iran. Are you looking at a military strike?

Question: Which Democrats recommended him?

Donald Trump: We'll see what happens.

Question: So you sat down with him?

Question: What are the options, Mr. President, that you're considering? You just said that there were some very bad things you're thinking about.

Donald Trump: We sat down. Well, specifically, I -- you know, without going into detail, but I actually sat down with him, also, before this trip. We had a very successful fundraiser. We raised a lot of money. A lot of people showed up. But we could have had many more show up had we had the room. We went to some very large and beautiful houses, and we had some beautiful fundraisers.

Donald Trump: Well, there are many options, as you know, Phil. There are many options. And there's the ultimate option, and there are options that are a lot less than that. And we'll see. We're in a very powerful position. Right now, we're in a very, very powerful position.

Donald Trump: The one thing that everybody was consistent on is we could have quadrupled the attendance if we wanted to. They were big, but they could of had many more, if they had the physical room.

Question: When you say "the ultimate option," are you talking about a nuclear strike?

Question: Is Robert O'Brien now the official National Security Advisor? Is he sworn-in?

Donald Trump: No, I'm saying "the ultimate option," meaning go in -- war. No, I'm not talking about -- I'm not talking about that ultimate option. No.

Donald Trump: We'll do whatever the process is. I told them about it today, and, as you know, we did -- we had a pretty full day. A pretty full three days, actually.

Question: Okay.

Question: Is he on the job?

Donald Trump: Right?

Donald Trump: Well, he is right now. I said, "Start as soon as you can. Start now." I said, "If you can start now -- " I would imagine there is a concept of swearing in. He doesn't have to be approved, as you know, through the normal -- the normal confirmation process.

Question: How do you see the role of National Security Advisor changing with Mr. O'Brien?

Question: Will he be in any meetings tomorrow on Iran or anything?

Donald Trump: I think it's a very important role. It's really a role that, if the President respects the person that's the advisor, I think it really plays a very, very important role. Okay? Thank you. Peter, thank you.

Donald Trump: If he can. We're going to look at the exact approval process. Now, you have to understand, he's already at a high level and he's already passed Senate confirmation, et cetera, et cetera, on other things. And he's highly thought of, and many senators really liked him a lot. He's got a good way.

Question: You're heading to the border today?

Question: Mr. President, did you want to -- in revoking the California authority on emissions, did you want to do that while you were here in California? Were you trying to send a message?

Donald Trump: We're going to the border later. Are you all with me?

Donald Trump: No, it was really a coincidence, to be honest. It was a coincidence. We've been talking -- not talking about it, we've been perfecting it for a long period of time. And it might end up in the courts -- probably will. But you'll be able to produce a car -- I wish you were there today, because I gave a whole talk on it. We'll be able to produce an automobile for substantially less money, which is substantially safer, which will also be extremely good for the environment.

Question: Yes.

Donald Trump: In addition, you'll have a lot of cars come off the market that are 10, 12, 15 years old that are very bad for the environment and that, you know, chug a lot of fuel, because those people driving those cars don't want to switch to one of the cars that they're producing right now. Number one, they're too expensive.

Donald Trump: We're going to show you a lot of wall. We're building a lot of wall. We won the big case and a couple of other cases, as you know. We're building a lot of wall. So, we'll be talking. We'll be talking to you later on. Okay?

Donald Trump: Number two, they're not nearly as safe. They're lighter, much thinner, much more flimsy. And we're able to produce a sturdier car, which is safer, and we're -- we're able to do something that will cost substantially less money for the consumer.

Question: Have you spoken to Netanyahu?

Question: One more question related to your trip here: Ben Carson is following you to San Francisco --

Donald Trump: I have not. Those results are coming in, and it's very close. Do you have any updates? Any updates? Because you people usually should know before the President, right?

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Question: Are you suspicious at all about the results?

Question: -- and LA. Is he here on kind of like a fact-finding mission? Are you expecting --

Donald Trump: No, I'm not. No, I'm not. Everybody knew it was going to be very close, and we'll see what happens. And, look, our relationship is with Israel. We'll see what happens. Thank you. Thank you everybody.

Donald Trump: No, but I have asked him --

Question: -- a report from him soon?

Donald Trump: I have asked him. We'll start with those two cities. And we're looking at San Francisco. We're looking at Los Angeles. And we're looking at all of the things that are happening. The -- you know, there's tremendous pollution being put into the ocean, because they're going through a storm -- what's called a "storm sewer." That's for rainwater.

Donald Trump: And we have tremendous things that we don't have to discuss pouring into the ocean. You know, there are needles. There are other things. A lot of bad -- a lot of -- a lot of -- it's a terrible situation. That's in Los Angeles and in San Francisco. And we're going to be giving San Francisco -- they're in total violation -- we're going to be giving them the notice very soon.

Question: Will you put out --

Question: A notice of what?

Donald Trump: We're putting out a notice on San Francisco.

Question: What kind of notice, Mr. President?

Donald Trump: Well, you're going to see in -- over the next -- I would say, less than a week. EPA is going to be putting out a notice. And, you know, they're in serious violation. And this is environmental -- very environmental. And they have to clean it up. We can't have our cities going to hell. These are great cities.

Donald Trump: And we can't have -- we can't lose our great cities like this.

Question: What do you think a congressional investigation into President Obama's Netflix deal would find?

Donald Trump: Into his ethics?

Question: No, his Netflix deal.

Donald Trump: Oh, into his Netflix? Well, it was a very substantial deal. I mean, if you were -- if he was Cecil B. DeMille, he would have gotten -- I mean, Cecil B. DeMille should be, if he ever came back from the dead, one of the greats of all time. He would have loved to have made that deal. Plus, the book was the highest book ever sold, and there were many other things that he did.

Donald Trump: So I think somebody should -- if they're going to be looking at me over nonsense, they should certainly be looking at that also.

Question: Would your memoir command as much of an advance?

Donald Trump: I don't know, but I've had a lot of bestsellers. I've written many bestsellers, that I can tell you.

Question: And seriously, though: Did you see the remarks that President Carter made, saying that there should be an age limit for seeking the presidency?

Donald Trump: Well, I think it has to be limited by the public. You know, I met with a man the other day who was 85 years old -- the sharpest guy you'll ever meet. I've dealt with people that were 92, 93, 94, and they were totally sharp. I don't -- you know, I don't -- I can't speak for Biden. I can't speak -- I know nothing about it. But he's given some very strange answers, that I can tell you.

Question: It was Jimmy Carter. The President was Jimmy Carter who said that.

Donald Trump: No, I know that. No, Jimmy Carter said it, but he was referring to Biden. And he said that he was -- because Biden's having a hard time; there's no question about it. But I'm not speaking for Biden. Jimmy Carter made the statement, as I understand it, referring to Biden. But I'm just telling you, I met with somebody three days ago -- 85 years old and sharp as there is in existence.

Donald Trump: You know, I'm sure you people have also. But not everybody is going to be that way.

Question: Sir, did you see the report that the -- Guantanamo had cost $13 million a year for each detainee. Is that something that you think is a good idea?

Donald Trump: Well, we have a big situation where we've defeated ISIS's caliphate. We have thousands of ISIS fighters, and we want those fighters to be taken -- I don't know if you've been really talking about this. I think it's a big thing, Peter. We have thousands of ISIS fighters that we've taken in Syria.

Donald Trump: We've defeated -- we have 100 percent of the caliphate. We're holding -- in various forms of prison, we're holding thousands of people. Many come from Germany. Many come from France. Many come from Poland. You know, really, most of them come from various European countries, and we want them to take them back.

Donald Trump: And I've given them a deadline. I said, "Take them back." Because we're not going to -- you know, they'd like to have us put them in Guantanamo Bay and leave them in Guantanamo Bay for the next 50 years, and cost us a fortune. I said, "Nope. You got to take them back. If they come from Germany, take them back.

Donald Trump: We did you a big favor. If they come from France, take them back, Emmanuel. Take them back." And they're going to have to do that. And if they don't do that, we may very well release them at the borders because we have no choice. We're not going to be taking people from other countries and having them -- you know, paying the cost of them in prison for 40 years.

Question: We have 40 people there. We're paying $13 million each a year now. Is that the best way to handle it?

Donald Trump: No, it's not. And we're looking into that. That's been a long-term -- President Obama said they were going to be totally completed and emptied out by the time he left office. And very much like judges, where, as you know, I ended up with 138 slots, you had a situation where that wasn't cleaned out.

Donald Trump: He was going to have everybody removed and Guantanamo Bay closed up by the time he left office. And he didn't do that. He didn't do that either. So we're stuck with it.

Question: Do you think it should be?

Donald Trump: Well, I don't know. But this was President Obama. You know that. He did say that. He said Guantanamo Bay --

Question: Yeah, but Congress blocked him.

Donald Trump: -- will be totally closed.

Question: Right.

Donald Trump: I don't know. I mean, I just know he was very strong on the fact that -- Guantanamo Bay. So we're taking what he left, and that's where we are right now. We're going to make some decisions on it. But with respect to the ISIS fighters -- by the way, I hope you're having a good time over here, Mark.

Donald Trump: I brought him down to talk about -- if you had any more questions on the wall.

Question: We have questions on the wall.

Donald Trump: I hope you like the wall, by the way. Do you like the wall?

Question: It was interesting for all of us to go.

Donald Trump: Let me ask you one question. I know you're not supposed to -- as a reporter. That is a serious wall. Do you agree with that? That's serious steel.

Question: There was a lot of steel, yes.

Donald Trump: Well, and concrete. It's got steel and concrete -- and very hard concrete, very strong concrete. You know, it's very, very -- 5,000-pound concrete is a very substantial concrete. Hello, are you okay down there?

Unidentified: I'm wonderful, sir. Thank you.

Donald Trump: Okay. I couldn't do that. That's a very -- that's what you get with youth.

Question: When you just said you're looking at making decisions on Guantanamo, do you mean you're looking at potentially closing it?

Donald Trump: We're looking at a lot of things. But President Obama said that Guantanamo Bay would be closed, and he never got it done.

Question: But what would -- what would you like to do?

Donald Trump: It's just like President Obama knew about the Russians and he never got that done either, with respect to the 2016 election. So there are a lot of things he didn't get done, but that's okay. Go ahead.

Question: But what would you like to do? Are you suggesting you'd like to do something on that?

Donald Trump: Well, we're looking at a lot of things. I know about that. I think it's crazy. It's been -- it costs a fortune to operate it and I think it's crazy. But the big decision we have now is we have thousands of people -- they came from other countries. We want those countries to take them back. We did them a big favor by stopping them.

Donald Trump: And if they came from France, we want France to take them, and to try them, and to do whatever they have to do with them. But that's a very expensive situation.

Question: Can we put this one on the record -- that you want to look at Guantanamo?

Donald Trump: Yeah, I think you can have this on the record.

Question: You're going to Houston this weekend --

Donald Trump: Treat it fairly if it wasn't good. But just treat it fairly.

Question: -- with Prime Minister Modi.

Donald Trump: I'm going to -- yeah, I have a great relationship with --

Question: What are you going to announce with him? Or is there any sort of announcement you're going to make?

Donald Trump: Could be. But I have a very good relationship with Prime Minister Modi. By the way, great relationship with Pakistan and with India. But he's got a big crowd coming, and I guess the crowd just got a lot bigger because they just announced -- he asked would I go, and I will go. Then we're stopping in Ohio on the way back, and then I guess we do the United Nations the following week.

Question: What are you going to say in your speech to the U.N. on Tuesday?

Donald Trump: I'm going to say, "The United States is the greatest country in the world. It's never been stronger and it's never been better, and they certainly have one of the great Presidents in our history." We love you guys. Have a good time. Go eat that chocolate cake, okay? Eat that chocolate cake. They didn't give me cake like that, Phil.

Question: You can have ours.

Donald Trump: I'll grab -- I'll grab that sucker right off your plate.

Question: When you go to the U.N., do you ever think back to all the comments that you made as a private citizen about the green marble, about the sort of setting there? The U.N. -- did you pitch yourself to try to rebuild it? If I remember --

Donald Trump: I offered -- I offered to rebuild it, as a real estate developer. I was a very good real estate developer. I offered to rebuild it at a tiny fraction of what they were going to build it for. And I said, "It will end up being much more than that." They didn't even know what New York steam was versus a boiler.

Donald Trump: They knew nothing. So it was a big deal. I made an offer. And I think it was the ambassador to Sweden -- one of the ambassadors -- because I built the building across the street. And that building -- fully built, brand new -- a tremendous building -- Trump -- you know the building, right? Right across the street.

Donald Trump: And that building cost much less than a renovation to the United Nations. So the ambassador to Sweden, I believe, said, "I'd like to call this man." I wasn't the President. So, I was the president of the Trump Organization. "I'd like to call him." And he did. And he spoke to me. He said, "Is it true that you built that building for" -- I think it was -- I think he said, "$360 million." I said, "Yes." He said, "How could you do that for $360 [Million] and they want to spend $2 billion on renovating this smaller building -- the United Nations." I said, "Because I know how the game is played.

Donald Trump: It could be much less." I said, "I could do the whole thing for $500 million." And he said, "What would the difference be?" I said, "The only difference would be that it would be much better. I'd use marble instead of terrazzo, which is more much expensive. I wouldn't move people out. I'd do it by floors." You know, you take three floors at a time.

Donald Trump: You move them around. They moved everybody out, then moved everybody back. And you don't even notice any difference. I mean, I don't even notice. They spent a fortune. And I went and I made the presentation to the -- to the general. We made the presentation. It's a big deal. And I said, "I'll save you billions of dollars, because when it comes in, your people don't know what they're doing." I spoke to the people.

Donald Trump: They didn't know anything about building, although they did know about other things, which are not good. You don't want to know about that. But they knew nothing about building. And it came out -- it came out costing billions of dollars. And I offered to do it for $500 million and it would have been a much better job.

Donald Trump: And they wouldn't have had to empty the building, as I said. We could have done it with people in place. It would have been a great job. And I've done jobs like that, like the Grand Hyatt New York. I did that. That was the old Commodore. I've done a lot of renovation work.

Question: Speaking of money, one of our photographer colleagues saw some $20 bills coming out of your back pocket yesterday as you boarded Air Force One. What was that about?

Donald Trump: Where were they coming? They were --

Question: It was in the back packet of your pants.

Donald Trump: Oh, they were coming out?

Question: All the bills coming out of your pocket.

Donald Trump: Out of my --

Question: Your jacket was up in the wind, so they were --

Donald Trump: Oh, it could -- oh I see, the jacket -- well, it could have been --

Question: Do you carry cash?

Donald Trump: Hey, they have good cameras.

Question: Do you carry cash in your back pocket?

Donald Trump: I do. I do.

Question: When do you --

Donald Trump: He must --

Question: When do you use that cash?

Donald Trump: I haven't used it in a long time. [Laughter] I do.

Question: What about a wallet?

Donald Trump: I do leave -- I will say this, I don't carry a wallet --

Question: Okay.

Donald Trump: -- because I haven't had to use a credit card in a long time. I do like leaving tips at the hotel. You know, I like to carry a little something. I like to give tips to the hotel. I'm telling you -- maybe a President is not supposed to do it, but I like to leave a tip at the hotel, et cetera, et cetera.

Donald Trump: Oh, that's funny. So the jacket was blowing up and they saw it. Who is the man?

Question: Tom here got the picture.

Donald Trump: Boy, that's a good picture. [Laughter] Hey, I'd like a piece of that picture. Anyways, have a good time, fellas. Don't eat that cake, okay? Have a good time.

Question: Thank you.

Donald Trump: We have a good trip -- a really good trip. I hope -- I hope you see the wall as what it is: It's a great structure and it will really do the trick. One thing I think you wanted to say about the catch-and release-program, probably?

Mark Morgan: Yes, sir. So hopefully, within the next couple of weeks, because of the network of initiatives and policies by this administration that's really been supported by several different entities within DHS -- USCIS, ICE, as well as CBP -- we're confident that in a couple of weeks, we're going to be able to end catch and release at the southwest border.

Donald Trump: There will be no more catch and release. Nobody coming into the country.

Mark Morgan: That's right.

Donald Trump: It would be a big -- a big step. And that's without the Democrats. It would have been easier -- you know, if we could have done it the other way. But because of what we've done through regulation and what we're doing with Mexico, we won't have catch -- within two weeks, we'll be free of catch-and-release -- releasing people into the country.

Mark Morgan: Yes, sir. And, you know, not only because of what we've done -- I think everybody understands the new IFR that's going to be coming out that's now -- because of the Supreme Court decision, we're going to be able to utilize that across the southwest border, as well as MPP, the Migrant Protection Protocol.

Mark Morgan: So those are two significant things that are -- that's able to drive us to be able to end catch and release. The government of Mexico -- again, we've talked about it for a little while -- unprecedented support. The President mentioned that today: 25,000 troops. What they're doing is absolutely -- I know we use this word a lot, but it's true --

Donald Trump: [Inaudible]

Mark Morgan: -- it's unprecedented. Mexico has never stepped up and really seen this issue as a true regional crisis like they have now.

Donald Trump: Okay?

Question: Can we place this all on the record, then?

Question: Everything is on the record. All right?

Question: Can we use it on the record?

Donald Trump: Yes. Treat me fairly.