Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-press-gaggle-air-force-one-departure-september-25-2020

Donald Trump: Well, I'll be announcing it tomorrow -- the decision. And I've made it -- in my own mind, yes, I have. And I'll be announcing the decision tomorrow. It's very exciting. Five o'clock at the White House Rose Garden. So that decision will be made. It is made in my own mind, but we'll be announcing it tomorrow, five o'clock, at the White House.

Question: Is it Amy? Is it Amy Coney Barrett? Everybody says that.

Donald Trump: Well, she's outstanding, but I haven't said that. I'll be announcing it tomorrow at five o'clock. We are going to make a roundtable now, and then I'm going to Virginia, as you know. We're doing a rally tonight, and then we'll call it a day. I would say that's a pretty good day.

Question: Did you meet with Lagoa while you were in Florida?

Donald Trump: Say who?

Question: Did you meet with Lagoa?

Donald Trump: No, I did not.

Question: So you have not met with her?

Donald Trump: By the way, a very highly thought-of person, I have to say that. But I did not.

Question: So lawmakers -- are lawmakers being told that it's Coney Barrett? They are?

Donald Trump: Is that what they're telling you?

Question: That they think -- are they being told that?

Donald Trump: You're going to find out -- you're going to find out tomorrow. [Laughs]

Question: Is it her?

Donald Trump: You'll find out tomorrow. She's very -- look, they are all great. It could be any one of them. It could be, actually, anyone on the list. They're outstanding. But I'll be announcing tomorrow at the White House.

Donald Trump: So we're going for a roundtable now. We had an exciting day with Hispanics and the African American community. We're going to have a big roundtable now at the hotel, and then we're going -- I don't know who's going with me. Is anybody going with me on this -- the rally? Steve, you want to see another rally. I know that.

Question: Jeff. Jeff will be with you tonight.

Donald Trump: Say it?

Question: Jeff will be with you tonight.

Donald Trump: Okay, good.

Question: Tell me: What is it you like about Amy Coney Barrett?

Donald Trump: Well, I haven't said it was her. But she is outstanding. But they're all outstanding. They're all very outstanding people -- top of line academically and every way possible.

Question: Did you meet with Barbara Lagoa today?

Donald Trump: I did not. No, I did not.

Question: You did not.

Donald Trump: No, I did not. Have a good time everybody.

Question: When you promised to appoint pro-life judges, was the goal --

Donald Trump: Say it?

Question: When you promised to appoint pro-life justices, was the goal to overturn Roe v. Wade?

Donald Trump: No, no. We'll see -- you'll be seeing all of that tomorrow. We have not made our intentions felt, but you'll be seeing tomorrow.

Donald Trump: Okay? Good. Thank you. And I'll see some of you -- some are traveling with me tonight.

Question: Tomorrow.

Donald Trump: And I think I speak tonight at nine o'clock in Virginia. Okay? Thank you.