Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-press-gaggle-marine-one-departure-july-27-2020

Donald Trump: Well, thank you very much. The stock market is doing very well. The economy is doing very well. I think we're going to have some tremendous numbers over the next number of months. A lot of things are happening.

Donald Trump: I just had a meeting on vaccines and therapeutics, and it was a great meeting. We had a lot of our wonderful doctors and researchers with me. I think the meeting went really well. We're doing well on vaccines. We're doing well on therapeutics. And now I'm heading to North Carolina to look exactly at that.

Question: Have you seen Robert O'Brien lately?

Donald Trump: No, I haven't seen him lately. I heard he --

Question: Is he okay?

Donald Trump: -- he tested. Yeah. I have not seen him. I'm calling him later.

Question: When did he first test positive? When did he first test positive?

Donald Trump: I don't know. I don't know.

Question: Mr. President, do you plan on paying your respects to Congressman Lewis either today or tomorrow on the Capitol?

Donald Trump: No, I won't be going. No.

Question: Mr. President, three years ago, you tweeted about [inaudible].

Donald Trump: I can't hear you. Go ahead.

Question: Three years ago, you tweeted out a ban on transgender people in the military. Would you reconsider that?

Donald Trump: I can't hear a word you're saying.

Question: Mr. President, on the executive order -- the executive order that you signed on Friday, lowering prescription drug prices, why did you wait until three and a half years into your presidency to sign those executive orders?

Donald Trump: We have a great thing happening with lowering of the drug prices. The drug prices in our country will be coming down very substantially. I was given that right because of the DACA decision. The DACA decision allowed me to do things that some people thought the President didn't have the right to do. I was given that right. Drug prices will be coming down very, very substantially. No other President has been allowed to do that. No other President has been able to do that. No President has ever done what I've done for prescription drug prices -- and, by the way, for many other things too.

Donald Trump: Thank you.