Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-press-gaggle-marine-one-departure-july-31-2020

Donald Trump: Yeah, go ahead, please. Go ahead.

Question: Your reaction to President Obama, sir? Your reaction to President Obama? He said that you're targeting minorities and attacking voting rights.

Donald Trump: Well, he did a bad job for minorities. I did much more for minorities than he did. And if you look at our numbers prior to the plague coming in -- and those numbers will soon be back -- you'll see I did a much better job than Obama did, by far, for African Americans, for Asian Americans, for women, for any group you look at. Far better than Obama did.

Donald Trump: Yeah, go ahead.

Question: Mr. President, why weren't you at John Lewis's funeral?

Donald Trump: Yeah, go ahead, please.

Question: Mr. President, what do you say to legal immigrants who are [inaudible]?

Donald Trump: Well, we don't want that to happen.

Question: And so far --

Donald Trump: Yeah, we don't want that to happen.

Question: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: But people have to come into our country legally. Right now, we have 267 miles of wall. We're doing very well on keeping the drugs out and keeping people out that aren't supposed to be here. But people have to come into our country legally.

Question: I'm talking about legal immigrants.

Donald Trump: Go ahead.

Question: What about people who are here legally? You are [inaudible] these immigrants.

Donald Trump: We're taking a look at it very strongly. We're working with representatives of DACA and we're also working on a big immigration bill which is merit-based and something that people are going to be very happy with. We're doing a very big immigration bill and we're doing a very big healthcare bill.

Donald Trump: The other thing we're working on very strongly, and it's very important, is prescription drug prices. The drug companies are not exactly happy. In fact, I assume they'll be taking ads. But we're doing a drug prescription bill, in a sense -- we've already signed it, for the most part; one goes into effect very soon -- that's going to get us to be tied with or lower than the lowest drug prices anywhere in the world.

Donald Trump: Right now, the United States, because of what has happened over years, we have the highest prescription drug prices in the world. We will soon have the lowest.

Donald Trump: Go ahead, Jennifer.

Question: Are you expecting a TikTok decision today?

Donald Trump: We're looking at TikTok. We may be banning TikTok. We may be doing some other things. There are a couple of options. But a lot of things are happening, so we'll see what happens. But we are looking at a lot alternatives with respect to TikTok.

Question: Mr. President, comments about the delay on the election in Hong Kong? What is your opinion about --

Donald Trump: About what?

Question: The delay on the election in Hong Kong.

Donald Trump: We're going to have a report for you tomorrow on that.

Question: But what is your --

Question: On the "suburban lifestyle dream," why would low-income housing in the suburbs destroy the "suburban lifestyle dream"?

Donald Trump: So we ended a rule that was a very horrible rule for people in suburbia -- in the suburbs. And that rule has been a very unfair rule for a long time and it was going to be made a lot worse by Biden and Cory Booker.

Donald Trump: It's a rule that, basically, you build low-income housing and you build other forms of housing -- also having to do with zoning -- and destroy people that have lived in communities in suburbia. For years, they've lived there, and they want to destroy their lives and destroy what they have. And it's been going on for a long time. I ended the rule, so people living in the suburbs will no longer have that problem.

Donald Trump: Thank you. Thank you very much.

Question: Are you worried that Herman Cain caught COVID in Tulsa?

Donald Trump: Herman Cain was a great man. He did a fantastic job. He was respected by everybody. He was loved by everybody. And we will miss Herman Cain.

Question: Are you worried he caught it in Tulsa?

Donald Trump: Who?

Question: Are you worried he caught COVID in Tulsa?

Donald Trump: No, I don't think he did. No.

Donald Trump: Thank you.