Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-press-gaggle-marine-one-departure-may-15-2020

Donald Trump: So we'll be going to Camp David. We have a lot of meetings scheduled. I think they'll be very successful meetings. We're getting a lot of gear out. We're getting a lot of gowns out -- protective equipment. And the governors have all been very thankful. We received a lot of calls today from governors. They're very thankful for the job we're doing. And that's good.

Donald Trump: Do you have any questions? Please.

Question: Yeah, what's the topic of the discussion at Camp David this weekend?

Donald Trump: Go ahead.

Question: What's the topic of the discussion at Camp David this weekend?

Donald Trump: So we have a lot of discussions going on at Camp David, some military and some other than military. We'll probably report back on it on Monday.

Question: Why are you not wanting to talk to President Xi right now, of China?

Donald Trump: I just don't want to talk to him right now. We'll -- we'll see what happens over the next little while. They're buying a lot of our material. They're spending a lot on the trade deal, but the trade deal -- I don't know, somehow I lost a little flavor for it. You can understand. Go ahead.

Question: Sir, how many ventilators are you sending to India?

Donald Trump: We're sending a lot of ventilators to India. I spoke to Prime Minister Modi, and we're sending quite a few ventilators to India. We have a tremendous supply of ventilators . So --

Question: Mr. President? Mr. President, right here.

Question: Sir, who do you think should go to jail, sir?

Donald Trump: Go ahead. Go ahead.

Question: Mr. President, what do you make of the images of people with guns, weapons showing up at the Michigan capitol?

Donald Trump: Say it?

Question: What do you make of the images of people with weapons showing up at the Michigan capitol to protest? Are you okay with that?

Donald Trump: I haven't seen it.

Question: You haven't seen those pictures?

Donald Trump: You'll have to -- you'll have to tell me.

Donald Trump: Yeah, go ahead.

Question: Should a vaccine be free?

Donald Trump: We're looking at that, actually. But we're making a lot of progress on vaccines. But we'll be speaking to you very soon, and I think we're going to have a very good couple of meetings at Camp David.

Donald Trump: Thank you.