Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-press-gaggle-marine-one-departure-september-21-2020

Donald Trump: So we're going to Ohio. Things seem to be very good. We have been doing very well with the China virus, but they've had a pretty big spike in Europe, as you know, and UK in particular. And I'm sure they'll have that under control, hopefully soon.

Donald Trump: But we're in very good shape. The vaccines are coming along. I just got a report: The vaccines are coming along rapidly. Therapeutics are coming along very well. And we'll see what happens. But too bad about Europe. Too bad.

Question: Is there a chance you would announce your Supreme Court pick before Friday?

Donald Trump: I would say on Friday or Saturday I'll be announcing the pick. It's -- five women are being looked at and vetted very carefully. Five. And we'll make a decision probably Saturday, but Friday or Saturday.

Question: Do you plan to meet with any of them in person? Do you plan to meet with any of them in person before you make your decision?

Donald Trump: Yeah, I will.

Question: When are you going to do that?

Donald Trump: During this period of time.

Question: Do you think all five?

Donald Trump: I don't know. I doubt it. I doubt it.

Question: But in person?

Donald Trump: We'll meet with a few, probably.

Question: Have you talked to any of them yet?

Donald Trump: Say it?

Question: Have you talked to any of them yet?

Donald Trump: I have. I have.

Question: Today? On the phone?

Donald Trump: Today and yesterday, the day before.

Question: Is it better to have a vote on your nominee before the election or after?

Donald Trump: Well, I'd much rather have a vote before the election because there's a lot of work to be done, and I'd much rather have it. And we have plenty of time to do it. I mean, there's really a lot of time.

Donald Trump: So let's say I make the announcement on Saturday -- there's a great deal of time before the election. That'll be up to Mitch in the Senate. But I'd certainly much rather have the vote. I think it sends a good signal. And it's solidarity and lots of other things. And I'm just doing my constitutional obligation. I have an obligation to do this. So I would rather see it before the election.

Question: Are you worried about some senators -- Republican senators who may be a little reluctant?

Donald Trump: Well, we'll have to see. I would think that that would be very bad for them. I think their voters -- the people that voted them put them there because of a certain ideology or certain feel. And they don't want to have somebody do that. I think it's very bad if they do that.

Question: What makes you think that the last words -- supposedly the last wishes of Justice Ginsburg were made up? Because it supposedly came from her granddaughter, not from one of the Democrats.

Donald Trump: Yeah, it just sounds to me like it would be somebody else. I don't believe -- it could be. It could be. And it might not be, too. Just too -- it was just too convenient.

Question: What would be your concern if the vote happened after Election Day?

Donald Trump: No concern. I just think it would be better. They asked, "Would I rather have it... " I'd rather have it before the election. I think it would be better for our country.

Donald Trump: And we -- we'll pick somebody that's outstanding, very qualified. They're all qualified, but somebody that is outstanding. And I'd rather see it all take place before the election, so before November 3rd.

Question: Are you concerned if you lost the election, it would be harder to get the person confirmed?

Donald Trump: No, I don't think so. No. I think we're going to win. If you look at the polls -- the real polls -- we're doing very well.

Donald Trump: We're going to Ohio tonight, and we're packed. We're packed everywhere. So people -- there's never been -- we've never had spirit like we have now. Even four years ago, the spirit now is greater even than it was four years ago.

Question: What will be your message tomorrow to the U.N.? And did you just tape it?

Donald Trump: I did. I just taped -- I just did it just now. My message is a strong message on China, and basically -- you'll see it. You'll see it tomorrow. But I just did it a little while ago.

Question: Are you leaning toward one candidate over another? Are you leaning toward --

Donald Trump: I have one or two that I think are -- they're all outstanding, but I have one or two that I have in mind, yeah.

Question: Who do you think poisoned Alexei Navalny?

Donald Trump: Say it?

Question: Who do you think poisoned Alexei Navalny in Russia?

Donald Trump: We'll talk about that at another time.

Question: Is Amy Coney Barrett one of the leading contenders, in your mind?

Donald Trump: She's one of the people that's very respected, but they're all respected. She is certainly one of the candidates, yes.

Question: When you go down to Miami, will you meet with Barbara Lagoa?

Donald Trump: I may. She's highly thought of and has got a lot of support. You know, a lot of people -- I'm getting a lot of phone calls from a lot of people. She has a lot of support. I don't know her, but I hear she's outstanding. And she's one of the people we're looking at.

Question: Did you push the DOJ to name Seattle and New York and Portland "anarchistic cities"?

Donald Trump: Well, I think they are. But that's up to DOJ. That'll be up to -- that will be up to the Attorney General. But certainly they are. If you look at Portland, if you look at what's going on there, what a mess.

Donald Trump: Go ahead.

Donald Trump: And we can straighten it out -- all Democrats. All radical left. We could straighten it out so fast.

Donald Trump: Go ahead.

Question: When will you make a final decision on TikTok?

Donald Trump: That's working its way through. I've given a preliminary okay. They will work -- they're two great companies -- Oracle and Walmart. Larry Ellison is a -- you know, a great genius at that kind of thing. The technology is incredible.

Donald Trump: And so if we can save it, we'll save it. And if we can't, we'll cut it off. But they have preliminary. We'll see what they can do.

Donald Trump: We have to have total security. That's the only thing -- very important. We have to have total security.

Donald Trump: I'll see you in Ohio. Thank you.