Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-press-gaggle-marine-one-departure-may-1-2020

Donald Trump: Hi everybody.

Question: Hi Mr. President.

Donald Trump: So I'll be going to Camp David for a working weekend. We're going to be spending a lot of time with meetings and phone calls and some foreign leaders. So we look forward to that, and we'll be back very soon. I guess we're doing something pretty big on Sunday night at the Lincoln Memorial. That'll be very nice.

Donald Trump: But we'll be back soon and I think some of you will be traveling out around the area where I'm going. But we'll be at Camp David for a working weekend.

Question: The North Korean leader just surfaced at a fertilizer plant in North Korea. Do you know about this? Anything you can tell us about him?

Donald Trump: Yeah, I rather not comment on it yet -- Kim Jong Un. We'll have something to say about it at the appropriate time.

Question: Can you at least confirm that he's alive?

Question: As a friend to the Brazilian President, would you advise him to support social distancing?

Donald Trump: I think he's doing a very good job. He's a great friend of mine. And the President is doing really well in Brazil. We're very proud of him.

Question: How about the situation with the coronavirus in Brazil? Are you worried?

Donald Trump: Well, they have -- they've been hit hard. Brazil has been hit very hard. But you have a President that's doing a very good job.

Question: Mr. President? Mr. --

Question: Mr. President, do you know that Kim is alive? Can you at least say that?

Donald Trump: I don't want to talk about it.

Question: Mr. President --

Question: Are you going to be talking to him this weekend?

Donald Trump: I may.

Question: You -- you talked about potential tariffs on China yesterday. Is that something that's under serious consideration?

Donald Trump: So we're going to see what happens. A lot of things are happening with respect to China. We're not happy, obviously, with what happened. This is a bad situation. All over the world -- 182 countries. But we'll be having a lot to say about that. We -- it's certainly an option. It's certainly an option, John.

Question: You said that you have a good relationship?

Donald Trump: It's certainly an option.

Question: Mr. President, are you going to be social distanc- --are you going to be social distancing during your work weekend?

Donald Trump: Yeah, I will.

Question: May I ask you a quick question about reopening, Mr. President? A week -- a week ago, you said you were not happy with Governor Kemp about opening up in Georgia. While there have been --

Donald Trump: I didn't say that, John. I said I didn't like the particular place -- a spa, a tattoo parlor.

Donald Trump: No, no, I think it's wonderful. I want to see us open safely, but I didn't like spas and tattoo parlors, and I wasn't thrilled about that. But I did -- I said nothing about Georgia, other than that.

Donald Trump: I like the states opening. They will be opening. They're going to open safely and quickly, I hope, because we have to get our country back. Thank you. Thank you.