Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-press-gaggle-marine-one-departure-march-2-2020

Donald Trump: Well, thank you very much. We're going to North Carolina. We have a big gathering tonight, to put it mildly -- many, many people. And it'll be a lot of fun. And, much more importantly, we had a great meeting just now with the pharmaceutical companies. A lot of you probably saw the results of the meeting.

Donald Trump: But I think the results will be spectacular. The stock market went up -- I'm not sure, it may be a record, and I've never seen anything quite like it. But the stock market, I think, had a record day today -- up.

Question: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: Was that a record? Thank you. And so, we're very excited about that. Our country is in great shape. We're well organized. We have great people. And you just met a lot of them. And, again, the great pharmaceutical companies, they're -- they have already been at it. We've already spoken to them. I've been speaking to them for three weeks.

Donald Trump: So, let's see what happens and I'll see you in North Carolina.

Question: Mr. President, speaking of health, I know it's -- everyone is concerned: You went for your physical in November. Have you finished the physical and when can you report on that?

Donald Trump: No, I'm going probably over the next 90 days. I'm so busy, I can't do it.

Question: Where?

Donald Trump: Walter Reed, probably. We do a physical every year.

Question: Anything on the Democratic race? We have two -- we have an endorsement -- we have an endorsement from Senator Klobuchar and Senator -- and Buttigieg.

Donald Trump: No, I think it's rigged against Bernie, but maybe he'll pull it through. It was rigged against me four years ago, and I pulled it through. I think it's rigged against Bernie. You see what's happening with -- Klobuchar just, I heard -- just -- something happened there. And --

Question: She endorsed, as did Buttigieg. So do you think that will change the race?

Donald Trump: Yeah. Yeah, well, he just -- Buttigieg just went out and said something. And probably, they'll say, "Hey, look, if I win, I'll put you in the administration." That's called "quid pro quo," right? Quid pro quo. And they probably said, "Hey, listen, if I win, I'll give you an endorsement, but will you take me in the administration?" Now, I'm sure, like -- I'm sure nothing like that has ever happened, right?

Donald Trump: But that's the way it seems to go. But, no, it's rigged against Bernie. There's no question about it. Sounds like it's a little bit unfair. I'll see you in North Carolina. Thank you.