Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-press-gaggle-marine-one-departure-july-15-2020

Donald Trump: So we're making a trip. You know where we're going, and it won't be long. We'll back here pretty early. Discussing a lot of very interesting topics.

Donald Trump: The markets are very good. The country is doing well. Jobs are growing fast. We want schools to be open, and they will be open. And they'll be open, I think, relatively on time. Hopefully, perfectly on time, most places.

Donald Trump: And do you have any question? Yeah.

Question: Mr. President, what's your reaction to your former Attorney General Jeff Sessions's loss in Alabama yesterday?

Donald Trump: I'm very happy that Tommy Tuberville won the race. I think he's going to be a great senator. We don't have a good senator in there right now. And Jones, he's not doing the job. He should be doing a much better job. Certainly he doesn't represent the views of the people of Alabama -- that's for sure. So we're not happy about him at all.

Donald Trump: I don't think the people of Alabama are happy with their representation in the Senate. And Tommy Tuberville is going to be a great senator. He was a great coach. I spoke to another coach last night -- unrelated -- and he said, "Tommy Tuberville was a great coach and he's a great guy." Someday I'll tell you who said that, but he's somebody respected.

Donald Trump: So it was a great -- it was a tremendous win for Tommy Tuberville last night. I'm very happy about it.

Donald Trump: And also a tremendous win for Ronny Jackson, and it looks like it could be a tremendous win for a gentleman named Gonzales. You know about that too. That race is still a little bit going on. By the time I got involved, a lot of the votes were already cast. But I got involved, really, at the last moment. We think he can easily win that area. So -- and two very good candidates. Reyes is a great candidate and so is Gonzales.

Donald Trump: But when I got involved, a lot of the votes -- early votes were cast, and it was a big comeback. It was a big comeback. So that's going to be a very interesting race.

Donald Trump: The other thing -- very, very amazing -- somebody you all know is Ronny Jackson. Admiral Ronny and Doc Ronny. We call him a lot of different things. But everybody agrees: They respect Ronny Jackson a lot.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Question: Mr. President, you declared MS-13 as a terrorist organization this morning. Are you going to plan to do the same thing with Antifa and leftist organizations that you say cause trouble?

Donald Trump: It could happen. It could happen. Antifa is no good. They're bad. They're bad people, and it could very well happen.

Question: Mr. President, why do you want coronavirus data going to HHS first instead of the CDC? Why make that change?

Donald Trump: Didn't change for me. I -- look, they're all on the same team. We're all on the same team, including Dr. Fauci. I have a very good relationship with Dr. Fauci. And we're all on the same team. We want to get rid of this mess that China sent us.

Donald Trump: So everybody is working on the same line, and we're doing very well. We're doing well in a lot of ways, and our country is coming back very strong. When you look at those job numbers -- we've never had job numbers like we have right now. So it's coming back very strongly.

Donald Trump: Okay?

Question: Has Peter Navarro gone rogue?

Donald Trump: Well, he made a statement representing himself. He shouldn't be doing that. No, I -- I have a very good relationship with Anthony.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. Thank you.