Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-press-gaggle-air-force-one-arrival-green-bay-october-30-2020

Donald Trump: So it's going very well. Tremendous crowds. We have a tremendous crowd in Green Bay. We were going to have 25,000 people, at least, in Minnesota. But the governor wanted it to be, I guess, freedom of speech: 250 people. And rather than canceling, I'm going to see the people. Probably a lot of people are going to be showing up anyway. But we're going to have 25,000, at least.

Donald Trump: You have a very big crowd here. We have a big crowd everywhere. There's something going on that's very exciting. And I think you're going to see that on November 3rd. But who knows? But you're going to see some very exciting things.

Donald Trump: Yeah, go ahead.

Question: Mr. President, do you think it's at all dangerous to be holding these big rallies while the numbers are going up here in the Midwest?

Donald Trump: No, not all. No. And they're out to our rallies. They're all out to it.

Donald Trump: Anything else?

Question: If you could speak to the governor of Minnesota right now, what would you say?

Donald Trump: I can probably speak to him. I can probably call him. I haven't. But I think the people of Minnesota are very angry about it, from what I understand. Number one, they went through riots. And then we saved them -- with the riots. But they should've -- we should've been called a long time before. And they've gone through a lot, the people of Minnesota. Minneapolis has been a disaster.

Donald Trump: And, look, it hasn't been won since 1972, but I think we have a good chance. There's tremendous spirit. It's a great place. I like it. I have a lot of friends there. So we'll see what happens.

Donald Trump: But I think it's crazy when you have 25,000 people who want to go -- very wide, very open, outside -- and they want to go, and they say 250 people. I think it's a very bad decision by the governor. But they were hoping I'd cancel. And I'll go up to see the 250 people.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.