Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-press-gaggle-after-court-new-york-november-6-2023

Donald Trump: I think it went very well. I think you were there and you listened and see what a scam this is. This is a case that should have never been brought. It's a case that should be dismissed immediately. The fraud was on behalf of the court. The court was the fraudster in this case. They made references to assets that were very valuable, and they said -- they had no idea -- they had no idea what the numbers were when they said $18 million for Mar-a-Lago, and it's 50 to 100 times that amount by any estimation.

Donald Trump: It's a terrible thing that's happening here. We're taking days and days and weeks and weeks, and it goes on. And then you look at the outside world and what's happened. But of course, they're getting their wish because I don't have to be here for the most part, but I sort of do have to be here because I want to be here because it's a scam.

Donald Trump: And this is a case that should have never been brought and it's a case that now should be dismissed. Everybody saw what happened today. Everybody saw what happened with their star witness who admitted that I never told him what he originally said I did. He admitted that he lied, and he has absolutely no credibility whatsoever.

Donald Trump: That's their only witness. That's their only witness. And I think you saw what I had to say today, and it was very conclusive. Everything we did was absolutely right. To think that we're being sued and spending all this time and money and you have people being killed all over the world, that this country could stop.

Donald Trump: You have inflation and all of the other problems that this country has. I think it's a disgrace. And when you look at the numbers, the poll numbers that came out today from The New York Times and CBS, I'm sure, The Times was not too happy. But people are sick and tired of what's happening. This is a sad -- I think it's a very sad day for America.

Donald Trump: But anyway, this is a case that should have never been brought and it's a case that should be immediately dismissed. Thank you. Thank you very much.