Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-press-gaggle-after-court-new-york-october-24-2023

Question: President Trump, whose [Inaudible] are you [Inaudible]?

Question: Mr. President, [Inaudible] just hours after your [Inaudible] you had an impact there. And who would you like to see as speaker?

Donald Trump: I absolutely must have had an impact because as soon as I get the un-endorsement -- it was never an endorsement. I was never treated particularly well by him. And she probably [Inaudible]. And he was a MAGA. And most people are MAGA in the Republican Party, the ones [Inaudible] to be great again. So, I disagreed with him on a lot of things over the years.

Donald Trump: And I assume it had a big impact. I wrote a note. I guess you could call it an endorsement of maybe anybody else. And I haven't made a determination on anything else, but we have some very good people. We have some great people. And we're going to have to do a list right now, but we do have some great people.

Question: Would you support Byron Donalds?

Donald Trump: I like Byron very much. I like just about all of them very much. I was not happy with the one that seemed to be gaining speed. I disagreed with him very much on globalism and on many other things. And that's the way it turned out. I'm for America First. America First is very important for me. I don't think he was for America First.

Donald Trump: And so, it looks like he dropped out. Did he just drop out, did I hear?

Question: Yeah, he dropped out.

Donald Trump: Well, that was quick. That was very quick. But we have some great people, and one of them will be chosen. And when they're chosen, I think they'll be a great speaker. We have four or five that want it. They're warriors, they're smart, and they love our country. As far as this proceeding today, this -- again, this is a trial that should have never been brought.

Donald Trump: It's a case that shouldn't have been brought. They had no case. The witness is totally discredited already, and they haven't even started but he's totally discredited. He's their only witness. And to use somebody that's a felon, that's a disgrace. He had many other clients, by the way, not just me, but many clients.

Donald Trump: But, he's a disgraced felon, and that's the way it's coming out. And I think you all see that. This trial should have never been brought. This is a trial that's a disgrace. This is why businesses are fleeing New York, and people are fleeing New York. But this trial is hurting New York very, very much because they're seeing that an attorney general who's corrupt can bring a case, and they should have done this.

Donald Trump: They shouldn't have done this. We're doing -- other than that, we're doing very well. The polls have come out. I'm very close to leading in New York, which would be a great thing, because they see, I think, what's going on here, the scam that's going on, the hoax. And we're very close to leading in New York, which is something that hasn't happened, I guess, in 42 years.

Donald Trump: So, we'll see about that. But we're doing very well in the polls. Polls came out. They had me at 68, 69 to nine in one of them. And others are very close to that number. So, thank you very much. And I'll be here tomorrow. I'll be --

Question: Given the concern with COVID, did you get the COVID-19 vaccine --

Donald Trump: I'll be coming tomorrow. I'll be coming tomorrow, too. Thank you very much, everybody.

Question: Did you get the COVID-19 vaccine booster?