Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-press-gaggle-court-break-new-york-november-6-2023

Question: Mr. Trump, are you called in and testifying today?

Donald Trump: I am. So, while Israel is being attacked, while Ukraine is being attacked, while inflation is eating our country alive, I'm down here and these are all political opponent attack ads by the Biden administration. Their poll numbers are terrible. You saw what happened today. The New York Times and CBS came out with a poll that I'm leading all over the place.

Donald Trump: But it's a very unfair situation. This is really election interference. That's all it is. This trial is ridiculous. The numbers are much greater than on the financial statement. Now, we've already proven that. They said Mar-a-Lago is worth $18 million. Mar-a-Lago is worth anywhere from probably 50 to 100 times more than that.

Donald Trump: And it's a terrible, terrible thing. These are political operatives that I'm going to be dealing with right now. You have a racist attorney general who made some terrible statements, and we just see someone that came over the wires today. And it's a very sad situation for our country. We shouldn't have this.

Donald Trump: This is for third-world countries. And, you know, very unfair. It's very unfair. But in the meantime, the people of the country understand it. They see it, and they don't like it. They don't like it. They say it's political warfare, as you would call it, or political lawfare. Another name. They got a lot of names for it. But usually, it takes place in third-world countries and banana republics, and nobody's ever seen that.

Donald Trump: To this extent, we've never seen it here. But we will go along, and we will hopefully do very well in every regard. And we'll win the election, and we'll make America great again. That's what we're going to do. We're going to make America great again. But we have to take away from the thugs that we deal with and the horrible people that actually must hate our country to do this.

Donald Trump: But we will -- we'll fight very hard for our country. Thank you very much, everybody.