Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-press-gaggle-court-break-third-new-york-october-25-2023

Question: Mr. President, did you violate your gag order?

Donald Trump: So, what just happened, as you know, as the witness was fully impeached. He admitted that he lied. That was a Perry Mason moment. I hope you caught it. I don't know if you did. A lot of times, the press doesn't like to report what happened, but the credibility of the press is very important. So, he just admitted that he lied.

Donald Trump: That was a big one. Any other question? Yes.

Question: Mr. Trump, did Michael Cohen [Inaudible] is a liar [Inaudible] The question is, if he was lying in the past in service to you, while he's loyal to you, doesn't that undercut your events and actually bolster [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: Well, he wasn't -- he wasn't working for me at the time that he lied. You know, when he was doing that testimony, that was before Congress, a very heavily sworn testimony, he was not even working for me, that he had already left. So, he -- he lied, and he admitted that he lied. I'm not sure he really had a choice but to admit it because we caught him.

Donald Trump: But now, he's been totally impeached, as he was in theory before he even made that statement.

Question: What statement --

Donald Trump: But that was very much a Perry Mason moment. What is happening with Congress? Go ahead.

Question: What did he say? What was the statement he gave?

Donald Trump: Go ahead. Go ahead.

Question: What should happen now after the impeachment, Mr. President? What should happen?

Donald Trump: Well, this should happen in terms of this particular trial. I think -- I think it should be dropped. It should have never been started. I don't have a jury. It should have never been started. The judge is a Democrat, but I do respect the judge. I do respect the judge. And, you know, it's very unfair. She -- she worked the trial so that it comes under a certain statute where you don't get a jury.

Donald Trump: That's very unfair.

Question: On Congress, Mr. President, you said you may go to the Capitol to see it in person and meet with House members. What would you say to the House members if you did go in person?

Donald Trump: Well, you saw my statements over the last few days about Mike Johnson. I don't know where that stands right now because I've been sitting in court all day, so I'll find out soon. But he's very respected.

Question: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: What?

Question: What has happened inside of the courtroom right now?

Donald Trump: You mean the conversation?

Question: Yeah.

Donald Trump: That I can't tell you.

Question: Did you violate the gag order, Mr. President?

Donald Trump: No, not at all.

Question: Were you referring to the clerk?

Donald Trump: With respect to what?

Question: The disparaging comments?

Donald Trump: No, not at all. No.

Question: [Inaudible] and you said the person sitting beside the judge.

Donald Trump: Yeah. Any other questions?

Question: Who are you referring to?

Donald Trump: Any other questions?

Question: Yes. Mr. Trump, while in court, have you been monitoring your other cases and what do you think about the idea that so many people who were loyal to you have sent [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: Somebody what?

Question: Sidney -- Sidney Powell, Kenneth Chesebro, and others, that you're now hearing [Inaudible] against you.

Donald Trump: Well, they're offered a deal and they're taking deals. But from what I understand, they're saying nothing bad about me at all. But they're taking deals. A lot of people, they've been under investigation for years on this. And they don't go after the people that rigged the election and stole the election.

Donald Trump: They go after people that have been trying to find out who rigged it and who stole it. And a lot of people know that answer. And if you look at the polls on the public, the public believes very strongly that the election was rigged and stolen. But when somebody has gone after for years, any one of a number of people, for years and years and years, and they eventually say, "Look, let's try and make a deal and get out of this," because it's ruined their lives.

Donald Trump: And yet, the people that rigged it, nothing happens to them. It's very sad, very bad for our country. Thank you.

Question: Who rigged it?