Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-press-gaggle-voting-florida-primary-august-14-2024

Unidentified: Sir, thank you very much.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. [Inaudible]

Unidentified: Thank you.

Question: Mr. President, can you tell us about what the FBI told you about --

Donald Trump: Well, thank you very much. Great honor to vote. They've done a fantastic job here, and we appreciate it. We think we're doing very well. We just had a poll that shows we're doing very well, and we have an interesting couple of months ahead of us. I'm going to -- I'm going to North Carolina right now. We're going to speak on the economy.

Donald Trump: It's basically a speech on what's going on with our economy. It's gone very bad under this group of people with inflation, with the economy itself, and so many other things. The other thing we're going to talk a little bit on is crime. If you look at the migrant crime in New York, it's been out of control and it is everywhere, as I predicted a long time ago.

Donald Trump: And we'll be talking a little bit about crime and all of the people that have come into our country illegally, millions and millions. I think it's close to 20 million, maybe it's more than 20 million. And they shouldn't have been allowed to come here. It's causing a tremendous problem. It's causing death.

Donald Trump: And just it's been -- it's been a horror show. Nobody's seen anything like it. And it's only going to get worse. They should not have allowed this to happen to our country. With that being said, I'm leaving for, right now, North Carolina. Do you have a question?

Question: Yes, sir. What has the FBI told you about the hack on your campaign?

Donald Trump: Well, that they're looking at it, and they're doing it very professionally, and it looks like it's Iran. Iran doing it because --

Question: Did they tell you it was Iran?

Donald Trump: Iran is no friend of mine. And, you know, a lot of bad signals get sent, but it looks like it's Iran doing it. And the reason is because I was strong on Iran and I was protecting people in the Middle East that maybe they aren't -- they aren't so happy about that. So, that's what it seems to be, Iran.

Question: Is that what the FBI told you specifically, that it was Iran?

Donald Trump: I don't want to say exactly, but it was Iran.

Question: And you said Harris' crowd sizes were AI and that there weren't people there. There's all kinds of video evidence and people who were there who have proven that false. Can you tell us about why you made that claim?

Donald Trump: Well, I can't say what was there, who was there. I can only tell you about ours. We have the biggest crowds ever in the history of politics. We have crowds that nobody's ever seen before, and we continue to have that. We have a level of enthusiasm that nobody's seen before. They want to make America great again.

Donald Trump: That's what's happening. We're going to make it great again. Right now, we have a failing nation. We're in a failing nation and become in, many ways, a third-world nation, and we're not going to let that happen. Thank you very much. Thank you, everybody.

Question: How does Elon Musk [Inaudible]

Unidentified: Tell her to go to [Inaudible].com.