Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-press-gaggle-arrival-philadelphia-october-20-2024

Question: Mr. Trump -- Mr. President, can you tell us about your phone call with Netanyahu? So, I had a very nice call with him. He called me up yesterday morning. We talked. I congratulated him on obviously doing a very good job keeping Israel safe. He's -- he's doing very well. He calls me on occasion. I think he wants my views on things.

Question: He's had very little cooperation from the White House as you know. They don't -- they didn't want him to do anything, and they would not be in the good position they're in right now if they listened to the White House, which I guess would be a combination of Kamala and Joe. They're not happy about that either, I will tell you.

Question: Israel's not happy about that. But we had a very good talk, lasted for a while. I know him very well. [inaudible]

Donald Trump: And he'll call me on occasion. I haven't called him. No.

Question: He's been talking about the [inaudible] assassination and drone attack.

Donald Trump: He did. He told me that he was attacked, and his village where he lives, a vacation area, and he was attacked. But he was fine.

Question: Do you think Iraq will counterattack -- Iran [ph]

Donald Trump: Well, we'll see what happens. He was asking -- he was asking what I thought. And I just said you do what you have to do. So, I said you do what you have to do.

Question: President Trump, do you want to see Nikki Haley on the campaign trail with you?

Donald Trump: I think she is going to be. She's supported me. And you know, we had a great primary. It was an unbelievable primary. I did -- it was the fastest anyone's ever gone and it was by the most votes that anyone's ever had. And she wanted to join me. And I said absolutely, I'd love to have -- I want everybody's support.

Question: Do you think we can continue to work on [inaudible]

Donald Trump: Well, you know, it's interesting. When I was at the Catholic dinner, the Al Smith dinner the other night, it was very interesting. People from Lebanon came to see me, very religious people. And they said, "Please tell Israel not to stop." I was surprised. These were people that lived in Lebanon. They have had a lot of problems with the people that were being killed.

Donald Trump: So, I thought it would be the opposite, "Please tell them to stop." They said, "Please let them continue." They actually -- these are people that lived in Lebanon, very important people. So, look, here's the story. Ready? I'm going for a job right now at McDonald's. I've had -- I really wanted to do this all my life.

Donald Trump: And now, I'm going to do it because she didn't do it.

Question: [inaudible]

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. I'll see you at McDonald's.

Unidentified: Thank you, press. Thank you, press. Let's go. Thank you, press. This way. Right this way, to the right, guys. Thank you.