Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-press-gaggle-voters-reporters-union-members-new-york-april-25-2024

Donald Trump: Are you OK? Everybody good? Everybody fine?

Question: Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Nice to see you. I just saw you on television. This is the group that wanted to meet with me. [Inaudible] in New York. [Inaudible] I need to say [Inaudible] I've built many buildings. We have great people, great -- great contractors and great people. And I have a lot of support. I eat here. The Teamsters, you know, I've done a lot of work with Teamsters.

Donald Trump: I built a lot of buildings with the Teamsters, and they like me, a lot of Teamsters here. And it's an amazing show of affection. But we did a great job.

Question: Mr. President, how confident are you?

Question: You're here in New York City. You're talking [Inaudible, Audience chants "We want Trump"]

Question: Maybe changing the minds of lifelong Democrats to vote for you?

Donald Trump: I think there's may be more Democratic, but, to me, they're Republican. And there's not a Democrat in there. These are people -- look at that building. Look at what we can do. We built a lot of great buildings in this city with these people and [Inaudible] support. They're really amazing. First thing, you know what, they're very, very, very talented people.

Donald Trump: They don't get the credit for it. They are -- very few people can do what they do. We used to do three floors a week in concrete, and it was guys like this that did it. So, it's very amazing.

Question: Do you know about the --

Question: Do have [Inaudible]

Question: [Inaudible] last time?

Donald Trump: No, he's been very nice. He's been -- David's been very nice. He's a nice guy.

Question: Did you know -- Mr. President, did you know --

Donald Trump: What's that?

Question: Are you confident that justice --

Donald Trump: Well, we have a big case today. This judge isn't allowing me to go. We have a big case today in the Supreme Court on presidential immunity. A president has to have immunity. If you don't have immunity, you just have a ceremonial president. You won't have a president.

Question: Did you know about the payment --

Donald Trump: You know, we have a big -- we have a very big case, very big case [Inaudible]

Question: Did you know about payment -- [Audience chants "USA"]

Donald Trump: Say it. What?

Question: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: He's very talented, very smart. They know what to do. They're going to be [Inaudible] Thank you.

Question: Do you know about the payment -- [Audience chants "USA"]

Question: [Inaudible] behind President Biden in New York. Do you think it's doable to win New York?

Donald Trump: We're very close in New York, I understand, and we're leading in the country by a lot. Poll just came out a little while ago, as you saw yesterday, that we -- we're up in every swing state and up by a lot in every swing state. So, I think we're going to do very well. And we're going to make a play for New York.

Donald Trump: It's -- they said, I just heard, there was a very good poll that came out. Look, normally, a Democrat will win New York. Biden is the worst president in history. And we have some very bad people here, but we have the greatest people, and they're right behind me. And they all want us to run, and we're going to -- we're going to run very hard in New York.

Donald Trump: New York, we have a good chance of winning New York, in my opinion. But we're going to give it a shot. We're going to give it a shot.

Question: Did you know about the --

Question: [Inaudible] violate your gag order, will you pay that fine?

Donald Trump: Oh, I have no idea. I have no idea. They've taken my constitutional right away with the gag order. That's all it is. It's election interference. This whole thing is election interference. So, the polls have just come out, and I just got another sample. We're leading every swing state by a lot and we're leading the nation by a lot.

Donald Trump: He's the worst president in the history of our country. He makes Jimmy Carter look great. Jimmy Carter is very happy because his presidency was brilliant by comparison. But this is the worst president we've ever had. He's destroying our country. Close the borders. You can do it in one -- one phone call, you can close the borders.

Donald Trump: Close up the borders, Joe. Our country is going to hell. Thank you.

Question: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: [Inaudible] these people and others, and we'll look at this. [Audience chants "We love Trump"]

Donald Trump: [Inaudible] It's election interference. That's all it is. Thank you, everybody.

Question: Mr. President, what about Arizona?