Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-press-gaggle-volodymyr-zelenskyy-ukraine-new-york-september-27-2024

Donald Trump: [Inaudible] here.

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: OK. OK. Yes.

Donald Trump: Well, thank you very much. It's an honor to have the president with us, and he's been through a lot. He's been through a tremendous amount, like probably nobody else -- almost nobody else in history if you really get right down to it. And we're going to have a discussion and see what we can come up with. But a great honor to have you with us.

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: Thank you so much.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: Thank you so much, Mr. President. Thank you so much for this meeting. Five -- five years passed since we had --

Donald Trump: Yes.

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: Yes. We had meeting again here in New York in September. And now, there are a lot of challenges in Ukraine, United States. And, of course, I want to -- to discuss with you, I think, where we are together. I think we have a common view that the war in Ukraine has to be stopped, and Putin can't win, and Ukrainians have to prevail.

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: And I want to discuss with you the details of our plan of victory.

Donald Trump: OK. My honor.

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: Thank you so much.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much, everybody.

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: Thank you.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. You have a question for the president? Anybody?

Question: Why did you decide to meet?

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: I think -- to me or to both of us.

Question: Both of you.

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: OK. Thank you so much. First of all, it's very important to share -- to share all the plans, all our steps, how we can strengthen Ukraine. And, of course, we have to decide it now because, after November, we don't know who is -- only Americans decide who will be the president. But we understand that until November, we can't stop Putin.

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: We have to do it. We will try on the battlefield with our heroic soldiers. But we understand that after November, we have to decide. And we hope that the strength of United States will be very strong. And we count on it. That's why I decided to meet with both candidates with all honor to them. Thank you.

Question: Mr. President -- yeah, Mr. President Trump. So, what are your expectations about this meeting? So, I expect to hear from the President Zelenskyy, and what are your expectations?

Donald Trump: Could you say it a little louder, please?

Question: What are your expectations from this meeting? What do you expect to hear from --

Donald Trump: Nothing. Look, this is a meeting, and we have a big race going on right now. I guess 37 days left, and we're leading in the polls. So, we'll see how it all works out. Hopefully, it'll work out. But if it does, we're going to work very much with both parties to try and get this settled and get it worked out.

Donald Trump: It has to end at some point. It has to end. He's gone through hell, and his country has gone through hell like few countries have ever -- like it's happened anywhere. Nobody's ever seen anything like it. It's a terrible situation. And I will say I have had a great relationship. It was very honorable.

Donald Trump: I don't even know if you know this. But when they did the impeachment hoax -- it was a hoax, just a Democrat hoax, which we won. But one of the reasons we won it so easily is that when the president was asked -- it was over a phone call with the president, and he said he could have grandstanded and played cute, but he didn't do that.

Donald Trump: He said President Trump did absolutely nothing wrong. He said it loud and clear, and the impeachment hoax died right there. He could have said, "Well, I don't know. I mean, I don't know." And I never even told you this to be honest, but he was -- he was like a piece of steel. He said, "President Trump did nothing wrong."

Donald Trump: We had a very nice call. He congratulated me on his victory. You just won. And I remember that. I remember that. He could have played cute, and he didn't play cute. And so, I appreciated that. So, we have a very good relationship, and I also have a very good relationship, as you know, with President Putin.

Donald Trump: And I think if we win, I think we're going to get it resolved very quickly. Very -- I really think we're going to get it resolved --

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: I hope we have more good relations between us.

Donald Trump: We're going to have -- oh, I see.

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Yeah. But, you know, it takes two to tango. You know -- and we will -- we're going to have a good meeting today. And I think the fact that we're even together today is a very good sign. And hopefully, we'll have a good victory because the other side wins, I don't think you're going to have victories with anything to be honest with you.

Donald Trump: So, we're going to sit down, just discuss it. And if we have a win, I think long before I -- before January 20th, before I would take the presidency -- it's January 20th. But long before that, I think that we can work out something that's good for both sides. It's time. And by the way, the president knows that, too.

Donald Trump: He wants to get something done. He doesn't want to do this. And so, we look forward to having the meeting. I look forward to being with him. But what I said is true. He was a -- he was a piece of steel. He gave a very honest, straight answer and that -- it really ended -- essentially ended the impeachment hoax, and I appreciated that. Thank you very much, everybody.

Unidentified: Thank you, press. Thank you, press.

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: Thank you. Thank you very much.

Question: [Inaudible] fellow Republicans were upset about President Zelenskyy's meeting --

Donald Trump: Thank you very much, everybody.

Unidentified: Everybody, please, escort out front? [Inaudible] side of the table.

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: This -- this side.

Donald Trump: You want to go this side?

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: No, no, no.

Donald Trump: Oh, that's better. Yeah.

Unidentified: Press, thank you. Press, thank you very much. Thank you, press. Thank you very much, press. Please be moving. Thank you, press.

Donald Trump: Sure. That'd be good.

Unidentified: Everybody keep moving. Thank you. Thank you, guys. Keep moving, guys. Thank you, press. Keep going. Here we go. Let's go.

Donald Trump: Pulitzer prize winner [Inaudible] right here. He dodged a bullet.

Unidentified: Dodged a bullet?

Donald Trump: He actually got [Inaudible]. He got a picture of the bullet. He's quick. He's fast as a bullet, right?

Unidentified: Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: We have a big team. [Inaudible]

Unidentified: Can you get the double doors? Can you get the double doors? You guys, I need all the press to come with me. No, you guys need to go.