Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-press-gaggle-after-court-day-22-new-york-may-30-2024

Question: Mr. Trump, How do you feel about today. Are you having [Inaudible]?

Donald Trump: Very good. Thank you.

Question: Do you have a fair jury?

Donald Trump: I mean, what is very unfair is that I'm not campaigning. I'm in this room all day long, from morning to night, in the Biden witch hunt. Take a look at where the people come from. It's a Biden witch hunt. It's weaponization. So, it seems that there are a lot of witnesses, a lot of people that they could have called that they didn't call.

Donald Trump: Now, they didn't call them, obviously, because they would have been very bad witnesses for them. But take a look at the list. Because of the gag order, I won't go down into individual names, but you have a lot of big players, very big players that would have solved their problem or actually would have given us the win.

Donald Trump: We already have the win. We -- if we had a fair judge, this case would have been over long time ago. But a lot of key witnesses who were not called, look at your list, look at the players, and you know who I'm talking about. You can take five or six of them. Why didn't they call those witnesses? They didn't call them because they would have been on our side.

Donald Trump: And it's a shame. And in particular, one witness who is now suffering gravely because of what's happened, because of the viciousness of these thugs -- they're vicious people, what they've done to that person. And you know who I'm talking about. And they didn't call him as a witness. They didn't call anybody as a witness.

Donald Trump: And all these people, they could have called and solved the problem. The other thing, the confusion is nobody knows what the crime is because there's no crime. Nobody knows what the crime is. The DA didn't name the crime. They don't know what the crime is. That's what the problem is. It's a disgrace. This thing ought to be ended immediately.

Donald Trump: The judge ought to end it and save his reputation. Thank you very much.

Question: Are you having [Inaudible]?