Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-press-gaggle-reporters-voting-palm-beach-florida-november-5-2024

Donald Trump: Where would you like us here? Is this OK for you? How are you?

Unidentified: Sir, [Inaudible].

Donald Trump: OK.

Question: [Inaudible] what do you expect -- or how late at night are you expecting?

Donald Trump: Well, I hear -- I don't know. The people, you mean? Numbers of people, a lot of people, they'll be at the convention center at Mar-a-Lago. We have a lot of people. I've just been very honored to find out that the lines are long, and the conservative lines, the Republican lines are very long. We got back pretty late last night, and it was an honor.

Donald Trump: It was a great honor. We had four incredible rallies and left Michigan late at night. Many of you were with us. And I hear we're doing very well. I hear we're doing very well.

Question: [Inaudible] the abortion question [Inaudible] six weeks.

Donald Trump: We did a great job in that. We brought it back to the states, as you know. I believe in exceptions, as Ronald Reagan did, and we did a great job. We did something that they've wanted to do for 52 years. Yes, please.

Question: Mr. President, you talked a lot about if you win, there are tens of millions of Harris supporters who are going to be upset. What would your plan be to reach out to those people, bring them in? What would your message be?

Donald Trump: Well, it will be just that. We want to bring everybody in. We want to be very inclusive, and we will be very inclusive. We have a great country, but we have a country that's in trouble. It's in big trouble in many ways. And we have to straighten it out. We have -- crime is through the roof. We have people pouring through our borders that are not exactly perfect.

Donald Trump: They come out of prisons. They come out of prisons, 13,000 people convicted of murder. We don't need this in our country. We have enough difficulty. We don't need that. So, I think people saw that, and it just seems that the conservatives are voting very powerfully.

Question: Looking back --

Donald Trump: Just finish it up. Go ahead.

Question: How are you feeling, nervous, anxious?

Donald Trump: No, I feel very confident. I have felt -- you know, we went in with a very big lead today, and it looks like Republicans have shown up in force. So, we'll see how it turns out, but it seems that they have really shown up in force. I just got a call from Dan Patrick in Texas. He said they've never seen anything like it. It's been very good.

Question: Anything you would do differently about your campaign [Inaudible]?

Donald Trump: Look, regrets, you always have regrets. I can't think of any, to be honest. To use her expression, I can't think of any. No, I look, I ran a great campaign. I think it was maybe the best of the three. We did great in the first one. We did much better in the second one, but something happened. And this was the best. I would say this was the best campaign we ran.

Question: President Trump, do you accept the possibility that you and Vice President Harris both might not get to 270 electoral votes by the end of tonight?

Donald Trump: It should never happen. A thing like that should never happen. This election should be over. They spend all this money on machines. And frankly, if they'd used paper ballots, it would be over by 10:00. And by the way, the paper ballots would cost eight percent -- would be eight percent of the cost. If they would use paper ballots, voter ID, proof of citizenship, and one-day voting, it would all be over by 10:00 in the evening.

Donald Trump: It's crazy. They use these very expensive computers. And I'm hearing in Pennsylvania, they want to have an answer two or three days from now. I think it's an absolute outrage if that's the case. Now, maybe it will be later. But it's paper ballots in France. They went paper ballots because the mail-in was not working.

Donald Trump: It was corrupt. And in France, they went paper ballots, and at 10:00 in the evening, they had 37 million votes counted and done. They had a winner. They had a loser. And in this country, I mean, I'm just hearing that in certain states, it's going to be a long time, and it won't even be close. It won't even be that close.

Donald Trump: They say I'm going to win the state, but it's going to take a long time to certify it.

Question: Could you see a world -- could you see a world where you don't declare victory tonight?

Donald Trump: Yeah. I mean, I'm hearing the same things that you're hearing. I'm hearing states where I'm up by a lot, but they won't have a final number for a long time.

Question: What are your plans tonight in terms of watching the results and so forth?

Donald Trump: So, we're going to have a very special group of people, many of whom you know, and they'll be at Mar-a-Lago. In addition, we'll have 4,000 or 5,000 people at the convention center. In the assumption I win -- I mean, I don't know if something else happens. I don't know what's going to happen in terms of declaring victory.

Donald Trump: But if -- in normal times, I would go over to the convention center, let's say, at 10:00 or 11:00 or something, but I just don't know. It looks like we have a very substantial lead. It looks like we have many more Republicans voting today than Democrats. So, if you have a lead and we have a bigger vote, that means you're doing very well.

Donald Trump: But they have to call a winner. They should -- and they should call a winner. Yes.

Question: [Inaudible] the abortion question. Would you vote against and also [Inaudible]?

Donald Trump: Just stop talking about that. Go ahead.

Question: What do you think are the most significant moments in this campaign?

Donald Trump: Oh, I don't know. I was honored to get Joe Rogan last night. I mean, Joe Rogan is a big deal. He's a very respected person. And I must tell you, Megyn was fantastic. She got up and said some things that were really pretty amazing. But before that, I just think we ran a good campaign. I had good policy.

Donald Trump: I had -- we want people to come into our country, but they have to come in legally. You know, we want strong borders, and we want people to come in. We want to be totally inclusive, but they have to come in -- I think that was a big issue. To me, that was the biggest issue. I may be wrong. And a lot of people said inflation.

Donald Trump: Inflation is a disaster, but I think it's a second issue. I think the first is the border. We can't allow criminals to be put back into our country -- or to be put into our country. So, you have 13,000-plus murderers allowed to roam in our country. Not going to be allowed. They have to go. You have drug dealers.

Donald Trump: You have terrorists. You have a tremendous amount of people that should not be in our country, and we need strong borders in this country. And I think people are voting in. I think it's -- personally, I think it's the No. 1 issue. We'll see how it pans out, but I think it's the No. 1 issue.

Question: Have you told your supporters that there should be no violence and that they should accept [Inaudible]?

Donald Trump: I don't have to tell them that. I don't have to tell them -- I don't have to tell them that, that there will be no violence. Of course, there will be no violence. My supporters are not violent people. I don't have to tell them that. And I certainly don't want any violence, but I certainly don't have to tell -- these are great people.

Donald Trump: These are people that believe in no violence, unlike your question. You believe in violence. Go ahead.

Question: Where will you be looking early to see if you're having a good [Inaudible] or not? What's your go-to?

Donald Trump: Well, I think I'll be at Mar-a-Lago for the most part. We have a lot of political professionals. I'm going over now with Melania, who I'm very proud of. She's got the No. 1 bestseller. Can you believe that? He can believe it. But -- so we're very proud of the job she's done with that. Her book is No.

Donald Trump: 1. But we're going to go over to the office in West Palm, and we're going to say hello to the workers. They've worked very hard.

Question: Will Georgia then be your first indication of whether it's going to be a good thing?

Donald Trump: I think so. I mean, I hear we're doing very well there in Georgia. I hear we're doing very well. I think -- I hear we're doing very well everywhere. Now, I may be -- I may regret that statement, but I'm hearing that we're doing very well.

Question: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: Would you go louder?

Question: Have you prepared your speeches for tonight [Inaudible]?

Donald Trump: No, I haven't prepared a speech. I did speeches last night, all day long, all night long. At 2:00 in the morning, we left. And we did a lot of speeches. You can probably tell.

Question: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: No, I don't have to do that. No. You know, I'm not -- I'm not a Democrat. I'm able to make a speech on pretty quick notice. If I win, I know what I'm going to say, and I don't even want to think about the losing part. I would like to tell all of the people that are online to stay online. We have tremendous Republican lines, and I've been asked, actually, to say it.

Donald Trump: It takes a while. I'd like to just make the statement that I'd like the Republicans to stay online. Democrats, if they'd like, they can leave, but I'd like the Republicans to stay online.

Question: [Inaudible] additional pressure today given the criminal cases against you that would proceed if you lost or go away if you won?

Donald Trump: I have no pressure whatsoever. I'm winning big cases. Those cases are all being won. The biggest case was the Florida case, and it's been won. I appreciate your nice question. No pressure whatsoever.

Question: [Inaudible] for nine for nine years. Regardless of what happens tonight, is this your last campaign? Are you done after this?

Donald Trump: I would think so. I mean, I would think so.

Question: How do you feel about that?

Donald Trump: Sad. Sad and very fulfilled. I think we're going to have a very big victory today.

Question: Mrs. Trump, how are you feeling?

Melania Trump: Very good. Thank you. Thank you.

Question: Sir, if you win, do you have a plan in place to start naming your making staff and the Cabinet?

Donald Trump: No, I'm letting the transition team. But I don't like talking about that until I find out how we do. I mean --

Question: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: Well, it doesn't. Look, we're not looking to do damage to Iran, but they have -- they can't have a nuclear weapon. So, you know, my terms are very easy. They can't have a nuclear weapon. I want to -- I'd like them to be a very successful country, but they just can't have a nuclear weapon.

Question: [Inaudible] have all the threats and --

Donald Trump: Well, I think Secret Service has been a little bit tougher, to put it mildly. I see more machine guns than I've ever seen in my life. We're surrounded by -- I feel very confident with Secret Service. I think they've stepped up. Look, for a long time, they didn't give us the help. They didn't give us the assets, as they say, the manpower, womanpower.

Donald Trump: They didn't give it to us. And we'd have rallies. You saw the rallies, 50,000, 60,000 people, and I'd have less people than Joe Biden, who had five people show up and I'd have 55,000 people show up, and I had fewer people than him. So, they should have done a much better job. And frankly, the president should make a very strong statement to the outside world because --

Question: [Inaudible] heading to the last day?

Donald Trump: I think my team is incredible. Look, they say it's the best-run campaign they've seen. Some people have said it's the best-run campaign they've ever seen. But in order to make that stick, you have to win.

Question: How does it feel to change your past campaigns? Are you more confident now than you were about your team than you were in the last races?

Donald Trump: My team, I'm very confident in, and many of them are the same players, as you know, Susie. A lot of the people are the same players. They've been very good.

Question: Oprah said, and there was a rally last night, "If we don't show up tomorrow, it is entirely possible we won't be able to cast a ballot again." [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: Well, I think it's ridiculous. You know, Oprah, I was on her last show or one of her last shows, and they picked the biggest people and all of that and made a big deal. And I'm -- actually, I'm disappointed. I think Oprah has become a major divider in our country, and I think, frankly, she should be ashamed of herself.

Donald Trump: And you know who else should be ashamed? Fox. Because I've seen Oprah on Fox about 50 times, making the same statement. And I think it's a disgrace what Fox does because everyone thinks Fox is so pro-Trump. They're not pro-Trump at all. They've put Oprah on all morning long. That's all I see is Oprah.

Donald Trump: And, you know, I knew Oprah very well. She's been at Mar-a-Lago many times. Roger King had his funeral -- that's the head of King World, which was Oprah's mentor, and Oprah chose the location. She said, "Mar-a-Lago is the most beautiful place. Would it be possible to have Roger's funeral at Mar-a-Lago, in the ballroom?" We did it, the only time I've ever had a funeral there.

Donald Trump: And I think Oprah should be ashamed of herself to say that. She should be ashamed. She knows me. She wanted to run with me as a vice president. She was going to be the vice president. She wrote me a letter. It's in the book. And now, she goes and makes statements like that. She's a divider. And Barack Hussein Obama is a divider, too.

Question: People who are concerned that you didn't concede the election in 2020 when you lost, they're concerned that if you lost this election, you wouldn't concede again. What do you say to those people?

Donald Trump: I think they're crazy. If I lose an election, if it's a fair election, I'm going to -- I'd be the first one to acknowledge it. And I think it's --

Question: Do you think it's going to be a fair one?

Donald Trump: Well, so far, I think it's been fair. I think there's been a lot of court cases. Both sides are lawyered up. Thousands of lawyers are involved, you know, thousands. Can you imagine? And part of that is because we have too complicated a process. If we had a piece of paper, watermarked -- you know, that paper is more sophisticated now than computers.

Donald Trump: It's watermarked paper. You cannot -- it's -- you cannot -- it's unbelievable, what happens with it. There's nothing you can do to cheat. And it costs you practically nothing to run. Think of it. We spent hundreds of millions and billions of dollars on these campaigns. You could do it for eight percent of the cost and have accuracy.

Donald Trump: And we wouldn't have to be worried about when is Pennsylvania going to announce. It's really a shame.

Unidentified: Last question.

Question: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: Well, he knows exactly what, but that's only based on what RFK told us. I don't think RFK wanted that. You're talking about Health and Human Services. Let me tell you, he's a great guy, RFK, and he's going to do pretty much what he wants as far as I'm concerned. He wants health for women, for men, for children.

Donald Trump: And I happen to agree with a lot of the things he says. The one thing I told him, and I've told you in speeches for the last two weeks, we got to keep him away from the liquid gold because the liquid gold, we have more than any of it. It's called oil and gas. That one, I'm going to handle.

Question: But in your cabinet [Inaudible]?

Donald Trump: Well, I'd be honored to have him. No, I mean, I haven't spoken to Howard about that. But look, he -- if you think of it, he came in third, you know, in running for president, right? He ran a very good race. He was -- he had obstacles. The Democrats just really unfairly put obstacles up, and hence, a Kennedy left the Democrat Party for the Republicans.

Donald Trump: He's a very smart guy. He's a very caring guy. He's very popular, too. We get up and introduce him. The place goes wild. No, we love having him. And you know who else we'll love having? Elon. He's been great. And everybody. Look, everybody. Getting Joe Rogan last night and Megyn Kelly, we just have -- this is very inclusive.

Donald Trump: This is a movement. This is the greatest political movement in the history of our country. And even you people, and some of you are fair sometimes. But it's the greatest movement in the history of our country. And I made that statement a thousand times. It has never been challenged. It is the greatest movement.

Donald Trump: And we're going to make America great again. Thank you all very much. Thank you. Thank you. Nice to see you.