Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-press-gaggle-before-court-day-12-new-york-may-6-2024

Donald Trump: [Inaudible] that first question. As you know, they've taken away my constitutional rights, so I'm not allowed to answer that question. This has never happened in this country before. It's a ridiculous thing. It's a ridiculous case. I did nothing wrong. Absolutely nothing wrong. Take a look at Gregg Jarrett this morning.

Donald Trump: He went on. Take a look at Andrew McCarthy or Jonathan Turley or Mark Levin. It's like they don't -- they say there's no case here. And yet, the judge has gagged me, and I'm not allowed to talk about it, I guess. He's in total conflict. The judge is totally conflict -- is totally conflicted. And you ought to take a look at it. And I'm not supposed to be talking about it, but I am allowed to say that the judge has a conflict that like nobody's ever had before.

Donald Trump: You ought to take a look at it. He's taken away my constitutional right to speak. I was in Miami this weekend, and reporters are asking me questions, the same questions like you're asking me, and I have to say, "I have a gag order. I can't speak about it." Never happened before, ever, number one. Number two, it's a fake trial.

Donald Trump: They have no case. And it's been absolutely proven now. They have no case whatsoever. This is Alvin Bragg doing it for political reasons for Biden. This is a Biden trial. He's a crooked president. Now, it just came out. Columbia just canceled their commencement, Axios. Columbia just canceled their commencement.

Donald Trump: That shouldn't happen. And it also came out that the protesters -- many of the protesters are backed by Biden donors. OK? Are you listening, Israel? I hope you're listening, Israel. Hope you're getting smart. But they're backed by Biden donors. That's where the money is coming from, and I'm not surprised at all.

Donald Trump: There's many other articles, many of them having to do with the gag order and the unconstitutionality having to do with the gag order. And it is unconstitutional and it shouldn't be allowed, and I wish people could move a little bit quicker, the appellate courts, because the whole world is watching this and they see what's happening.

Donald Trump: More importantly, frankly, they have no case. They have absolutely no case. It's a political hoax. It's election interference. Anything they can do. And even the witnesses they want to bring up, they have nothing to do with the case. This is a ridiculous situation. Not fair. Not fair. But we will fight. Thank you.

Question: Mr. President, how is your defense team doing?