Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-press-gaggle-after-court-day-19-new-york-may-20-2024

Donald Trump: So, thank you very much. You saw what we saw, and that was incredible. I've never seen anything like it in my life. [Inaudible] And everyone's talking about it. This is what we have. We have an acting judge appointed judge by the Democrats, by the club. And they're keeping now in resistance our fourth week, soon to be our fifth week.

Donald Trump: Not campaigning, but you saw what happened, what just took place in that courtroom. And hopefully, the motion to dismiss this trial will go through because this trial is a disaster for our country. It's a disaster for New York state, New York City. And Gregg Jarrett just said, "Where exactly is the crime?

Donald Trump: To quote a memorable line from Shakespeare in Love, "I don't know, it's a mystery. There is just no crime." Andy McCathry, "If it's unconstitutional for Texas to enforce federal immigration law, how is it constitutional for New York to enforce federal election law?" We're going by federal law. It's never happened before.

Donald Trump: Nobody's ever seen anything like this. This is a witch hunt. This is a witch hunt. This is to damage Crooked Joe Biden, the worst president in the history of our country by far, by far to damage his political opponent. That's all this is. A highly political judge, a totally conflicted judge who just did something that nobody's ever seen.

Donald Trump: And the [Inaudible] is not happy. I don't imagine. It just got thrown out of the courthouse. Nobody's ever seen anything quite like it. These things are consistent. "Bragg has no authority to enforce election law." And we did nothing wrong. Ted Cruz said, "In over 200 years, never once has a president of the United States been indicted over no crime." No crime.

Donald Trump: Mollie Hemingway, very smart woman, "This is a show trial. There is no actual crime or evidence." Mollie Hemingway, respected by everybody, by the way. Here's a very liberal gentleman but a very talented and critically acclaimed director, Oliver Stone. Haven't heard his name mentioned in a while. "It's a new form of warfare.

Donald Trump: It's called lawfare, and that's what they're using against Trump. [Inaudible] super liberal, but even he's talking. [Inaudible] I've never had such a liberal or as they say nowadays, progressive support. Mark Levin, "You're living through what is not only the worst presidency in American history, that's Biden, when it comes to domestic and foreign affairs, but when it comes to our constitution, the rule of law, law and order, which is the core to this republic, Biden is dismantling it. And I don't even know if it's him.

Donald Trump: I think it's the people around this desk, that beautiful, beautiful Resolute Desk in the Oval Office. It's a horrible thing, but the country's never been in this position. We're doing badly in so many different ways, and we're falling apart, and we're not respected in the world anymore. They're looking at us and saying, "Hey, they're no different than we are." Bad countries are saying that.

Donald Trump: they're saying that the United States is no different than we are. Gavin Wax, [Inaudible] severely miscalculated by declaring war on Trump. I guess he's referring to the fact that the polls are through the roof. But I'm not even talking about that. And the polls are the highest they've ever been. Andrew and Jenny Cherkassky, who are terrific lawyers, as everyone knows, "It's best time for Judge Mershan to dismiss this case.

Donald Trump: Trump's business records, there are..." There are no -- there's no false entry. By the way. They paid a legal expense, and they're marked legal expense. And I say it every day. They could've said construction. They could've said this is for construction purposes. This is for some other purposes. You're building a building.

Donald Trump: They say building expense. They're called legal fees, which is legal expense. They called it legal expense. They paid a lawyer. Money, legal expense. And in the lawyers' [Inaudible] retain and to retain legal [Inaudible]. Former acting attorney general, Matt Whitaker, "The prosecution has presented absolutely no evidence of a crime.

Donald Trump: David Catron, The American Spectator, people over there, "Judge Merchan's animosity towards Trump and his inability to ensure a fair trial is not lost on the voters. Never seen anything like it." And this goes on and on. Ross Douthat, New York Times, "I would defy anyone to summarize the underlying situation in which a presidential candidate could be sent to prison for a misdemeanor offense." But there's not even a misdemeanor. "For a misdemeanor offense elevated by a second crime for which he isn't even being charged." I'm not even being charged for it. They didn't know what to charge me with. The haven't even charged me with a crime. You know what the crime is, I beat Hillary Clinton. That's what the crime is. And they don't want me to meet -- on behalf of, I think, 200 million people, they don't want me to beat Biden. OK. But it's a shame this is what they've done. And just to finish out, without the [Inaudible] coming across as somewhat Kafkaesque. The CNN panels just came out. This is significant. There is no direct link to Trump and his alleged conspiracy. This from CNN. Laura Coates of CNN. Not a fan of mine, as I understand it, "Possibly and fatally undermines the prosecution's case. It's a disaster. But she said here, undermines the prosecution's case. This case should be dropped by the judge. I think the judge did that for me to gain the respect back. We have to -- either the appellate court has to step in or something has to happen. Think of it, the Republican Party, one of the two great parties, nominate somebody to be their candidate, and that candidate now has been sitting here for almost five weeks in a freezing cold icebox listening to this stuff, no crime. Elie Honig for CNN, "The crux of the case is Trump knew this and that. He says some statement down here. Trump didn't know. He never would have agreed to be robbed by [Inaudible]. He absolutely did not. This is a bomb being dropped on the prosecution's case. This is a [Inaudible] to prosecution credibility." I'll tell you what. New York State is so bad, and they're watching all over the world, and businesses are going to be leaving the state. They already are, unfortunately, but they're going to be leaving. They can't be subject to this. This and Engoron and Kaplan, other judges that have just created a horrible scar on our constitution. Hopefully the appellate courts will take care of it. But this is not as thought about that on the record. And this is Elie Honig. "Have not made him plead guilty to larceny..." Because you know what's taking place. I mean, you saw that. I won't even mention it. Because, remember, I have a gag order. I'm not supposed to be talking about certain things. So, I'm being very careful, but you saw what happened. And this is CNN mentioning it, which it is larceny, which it is -- and you know what they're talking about because that was an remittance. "The money he..." Oh, I won't say that. "The money he..." So, I won't say that. In fact, you're gonna have to get this one because I can't read it. I've been gagged from reading this, but it's a vicious statement by a respected person in CNN, Elie Honig. So, you'll have to read that one yourself, because I've been gagged. "It turns out now that Trump was..." Yeah. That's right. You can read that. I can't read it because I'm not allowed to say it. The CNN legal commentator, "The prosecutor misled this jury." So, there is a case to be made because five people have stated very professionally that the prosecutor should be prosecuted and District Attorney Bragg should should be prosecuted because he knew when he submitted this case all about the lies, and therefore, he's committed a crime. Many people have said that, that they should turn this around. He knew that this was [Inaudible]. He knew that the lies -- the lies were all over the place. We're not just talking about a small amount. Also, you have to go get the Southern District about a 28-page book on lies, which the judge wouldn't allow. And by the way, the judge wouldn't allow that. The Southern District, out of respect, a book of 28 pages, I believe, or more of lies we're not allowed to put it in. The expert witness that we have, the best there is in election law, Brad Smith -- he's considered the Rolls-Royce or -- we'll bring it back to an American car, a Cadillac. But the best there is can't testify, not being allowed to testify. And you saw what happened to a highly respected lawyer today, Bob Costello. Bob, I've never seen anything like that. Highly respected. But remember this. We can't put it in an expert witness. We're not allowed to put in an expert witness. Nobody's ever heard that before. You know, election law is very complicated, actually. And we're not allowed to have an expert witness because the judge wants to rule on it. He said, "We don't need an expert witness," I guess. He said he'll rule on it. No, he needs help. And we have the No. 1 person [Inaudible] for a very complex moment. And we did nothing wrong, I will tell you that right now. And he doesn't want him to testify. That's because he's going to say we did nothing wrong. Clay. Travis -- I can't say that one because you're going to have a gag order. Brett Tolman, goes through a whole big thing on -- the witness today, so I can't talk about it. Buck Sexton, the exact same thing. Tim Parlatore who's a very good lawyer, CNN commentator. It's not only goes to the credibility, it's also goes to Alvin Bragg's office's credibility. How did they not get this out ahead of time? Why did they miss what everyone is asking now? How did they put something like this out? And then he goes on to things I'm not allowed to talk about. Can you believe it? Here I am, vice presidential -- we have 15 people that are supposed to be meeting about who's going to be our vice president, but I'm stuck in the refrigerator all day. The presidential nominee, I'm down here by an acting judge. He's acting. And, you know who appointed him? Democrats in a clubhouse. But hopefully, I can tell you, for the good. And I hope the governor steps forward, the mayor steps forward, because you can't go -- and it's like we have an armed camp outside. If you're a civilian, you can't get within three blocks of this courthouse. All we have is [Inaudible] and the [Inaudible] look good to me. But I tell you what, you don't see any civilians outside. I never saw so many iron gates as I've seen the last five weeks. Andy McCarthy, "To show he stole from the Trump Organization even as they're structuring a deal blah blah blah. And now I can't talk about it because, again, I have a gag order. So, I think the case is going very well. We've asked for termination of the case. This case should be terminated. This shouldn't go anywhere. It should be terminated right now. And New York State has to build up its system again. New York State can't let this happen. Can't let this happen. There were no crimes. We did nothing wrong. And I want to get back to campaigning. I'm representing millions and millions, hundreds of millions of people. In the meantime, Russia and China are now good friends. They want to take over the world. Iran is developing a nuclear weapon, and that's not going to be an easy situation when they have -- North Korea is getting frisky and I get along with Kim very well. But the current administration, they don't even know his name. We have a lot of things to solve. Inflation is hitting new highs. You see that hitting new highs. I should be out campaigning so we can turn the country around. Thank you very much. See you tomorrow.