Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-press-gaggle-after-court-day-16-new-york-may-13-2024

Donald Trump: [Inaudible] this is a scam. I think it's a terrible thing that's happening to democracy in this country. And we have a lot of them. They want to come and say, just stay back and pass lots of laws to stop things like this. J.D. Vance, what's going on? And that courtroom is a threat to democracy, and we cannot have a country where we get to prosecute your political opponent instead of persuading voters.

Donald Trump: AG Bird, as you know, very highly respected from Iowa, "Let the American people decide who the next leader of the free world will be. Politics has absolutely no place in this courtroom." This is all politics. Andy McCarthy, great legal analyst, said, "None of this is illegal. There's nothing illegal. It's called politics.

Donald Trump: There's nothing illegal." A lot of people say that. They're all saying that. The only --the one -- the only person who won't say it is the judge because it's a rigged deal. He's conflicted. You got to check that out. But everybody's saying there's no crime. Leo Terrell, "Up until right now, there's not a single shred of evidence that President Trump participated in a crime of either falsifying records or hiding a campaign or state or federal finance charge." None of it. It's been absolutely nothing.

Donald Trump: Look, you're doing great. You know why they're doing great? They've kept me here for three and a half, four weeks instead of campaigning, yet we still have the best poll numbers. Just came out in the New York Times. We've discussed before. Mark Levin, "Let me put this as succinctly as possible. There's no crime, state or federal, with which to link Donald Trump or anyone else.

Donald Trump: This is a case looking for a legal basis. There is none. There is no crime." It's Mark Levin. Again, J.D. Vance said, "To the American voters who are watching this, the one opportunity you get to speak up against this sham prosecution and to say the American people should elect a president, not use corrupt DNC prosecutors to help them get elected," which is exactly what they're doing.

Donald Trump: Andy McCarthy again, "Bragg has no authority to enforce federal law. The NDA payments were not campaign expenditures under federal law. That's why the FEC and DOJ, which do have exclusive authority to enforce federal law, took absolutely no action against Trump." They took no action against me. They looked at it, they said it's fine.

Donald Trump: The only one that did is Soros-backed DA Bragg, who turned down the case. By the way, he turned down the case, and it could have been brought six years ago, seven years ago, almost eight years ago. They bring it right in the middle of my presidential campaign. Bragg, he said we had no case. You know, if you go back, take a look at your earlier records.

Donald Trump: When he came into office, he turned it down, and he was angry because of what took place. When he saw that they were going to use this scam, he was angry. Even Michael Smerconish of CNN, "A person, four or five weeks into a trial, ought to be told exactly that which they're being prosecuted for." And that hasn't happened.

Donald Trump: You know why it happened? Because -- it didn't happen for one very simple reason. Because there is no crime. Here's Marc Thiessen, I know things are going -- "I don't think things are going very well for the prosecution. In the court of law and in the court of public opinion, they're doing even worse." Matt Whitaker, "Another day in trial, and they're keeping the president off the campaign trail." Byron York, "On the hush money trial..." Which is not hush money. "Majority voters in Georgia, Pennsylvania, Michigan say Trump cannot get a fair trial." That's too bad.

Donald Trump: That's really true. Too bad. Andy McCarthy again, "Bragg knows exactly what he's doing. It's improper. Completely political case." Maybe Merchan -- Judge Mershon is having second thoughts. They haven't come to a close to proving -- it had not come close to proving fraud or that any fraud has taken place.

Donald Trump: There's no fraud here. There's no crime here. This is four weeks of keeping me from not campaigning. Jonathan Turley, "Can't imagine any competent lawyer would not be embarrassed by what has happened in this courtroom. This day is truly going to go down as the day of infamy for the New York legal system," which is true.

Donald Trump: The whole world is laughing now at the New York weaponized legal system. Watching this unfold in that courtroom is [Inaudible] really deeply disturbing. They keep on referring to these documents. The documents don't move the ball. The documents show that the NDA and a payment that is not in dispute there -- this is a total -- this is Jonathan Turley.

Donald Trump: They're not unlawful, and it's a federal campaign contribution. There is absolutely no problem. There's no problem here. You know, the FEC wrote this off, FEC, the elections commission, Federal Elections Commission. They looked at this years ago. And they took a pass. They said there's no problem here. Tim Scott, "Objective is to keep Trump off the campaign trail.

Donald Trump: That's all they're trying to do. Keep him off the campaign trail." Here's the New York Times. It just came out a little while ago, where we're leading in every state and every -- the five key states. We're leading very substantially, I might add. So, it's all this. It's really a very sad day for the country.

Donald Trump: It's sad for New York. I mean, New York, that a judge who's highly conflicted at a level that nobody's seen before can possibly -- just think of it, and you should go out and check it out. But we have a corrupt judge, and we have a judge that's highly conflicted. And he's keeping me from campaigning. He's an appointed New York judge.

Donald Trump: He's appointed. You know what appointed him? Democrat politicians. He's appointed. He's a corrupt judge, and he's a conflicted judge. And he ought to let us go out and campaign and get rid of this scam. Every single legal analyst, even CNN, even MSDNC, they're saying there's no case here. Thank you very much.

Question: [Inaudible] be on the campaign trail --