Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-press-gaggle-before-court-day-16-new-york-may-13-2024

Donald Trump: So, thank you very much. Greatly appreciate you being here. The New York Times just came out with a poll that shows us leading everywhere by a lot. This is the cover story, and I think you'll find it very interesting, but I'm sure you've all read it. Leading in Wisconsin, Pennsylvania, Arizona, Michigan, Georgia, and Nevada.

Donald Trump: Nevada, we are leading actually by 12 points, which is generally a Democrat state. I think we're probably leading in New Jersey. We had a rally, over 100,000 people this weekend. A lot of the mainstream media didn't want to say how many people. They didn't want to cover. But -- in fact, I don't think anybody did, and I hear the -- the crowd was not shown by the mainstream media, which is what they tell me, but that's par for the course.

Donald Trump: A couple of quotes that just came out. Fareed Zakaria, no friend of mine, "The Trump trial is politically motivated. I doubt the New York indictment would have been brought against a defendant whose name was not Donald Trump." Mark Levin, great guy, a brilliant man, "Our judicial system has blown up. It's broken." Andrew McCarthy, "Trump should be acquitted in Manhattan.

Donald Trump: Wholly independent of the plethora of constitutional infirmities in the prosecution. It should be thrown out for the most basic of reasons. Bragg cannot prove his case." He got no evidence, and I'm innocent. This is a political witch hunt, and nobody's ever seen anything like it. And it's -- I tell you what, the Appellate Division and the judges should step in because what -- what this judge is getting away with is disgraceful, including the fact that we have thousands of people, we have 100,000 people in New Jersey.

Donald Trump: They would like to show their support. It's like an armed camp outside. You can't get one person within three blocks of this courthouse. Gregg Jarrett, "We're not --" I mean -- I mean, you take a look at this statement. It's "We're entering the fourth week and there's still no evidence whatsoever connecting Trump with any criminal wrongdoing.

Donald Trump: A crime that's not charged. It's a crime that -- in which prosecutors won't even tell the defendant what it is." I have no idea what they're really doing. We have records, and they talk about bookkeeping. The only thing down in the bookkeeping is that we call a legal expense a legal expense. We don't call it a construction expense.

Donald Trump: We don't say for concrete work. We don't say for electrical work. We paid a lawyer, a legal expense, and we have a legal expense is a legal expense. It's marked down in the book "Legal Expense." It's perfectly marked down. The other side doesn't know how to handle it, but they say, "Let's indict him anyway," because that's what Biden -- this all comes from Biden and the White House, by the way.

Donald Trump: And they have their top people here. Because he can't win. He can't put two sentences together. He's the worst president in the history of our country. Can't speak, can't walk off a helicopter, can't walk off a plane, can't walk off a stage. And the only way they think they can win is if they can do something with Trump because we have an incompetent -- the worst president in the history of the United States of America.

Donald Trump: Jonathan Turley, "After Bragg closes the prosecution's case, the defense will make a stand and motion for dismissal." Merchan, who is so corrupt and so conflicted like no judge has ever been, and the press doesn't want to write about it, but you know exactly what we're saying. "Merchan should grant that motion for dismissal.

Donald Trump: There has been no showing of a crime. They fail to protect the rights of the defendant from a baseless, politically motivated prosecution." That's Jonathan Turley. All very talented legal experts. But the big thing today seems to be The Times. I'm sure The Times is thrilled, but I respect them for at least letting it come out.

Donald Trump: And there it is. It's Trump leading by a lot in every state, every swing state, leading by a lot. This trial is rigged. It's dishonest. It's a disgrace to New York. It's a disgrace to the country. I should be out campaigning now instead of sitting in a very cold courthouse all day long. This is a Biden prosecution.

Donald Trump: It's election interference at a level that nobody in this country has ever seen before. This is the third-world countries, not for the USA. Thank you very much.

Unidentified: Mr. Trump, it's clearly what [Inaudible] was saying.