Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-press-gaggle-before-court-day-4-new-york-april-19-2024

Donald Trump: So, thank you very much. As you know, I've been saying for a long while, this is a rigged trial. It's coming from the White House. And they have White House DOJ people in the trial, in the DA's office representing the DA because he's probably not smart enough to represent himself. This guy got elected using Trump, and you're not supposed to do that.

Donald Trump: Very much like Letitia James. All of it. But New York is going down as a very corrupt place to do business. That I can tell you. A lot of people are not going to be moving to New York. But this is a rigged case, and this is a case that was put in very strongly because of politics. So, instead of being in Pennsylvania or Georgia or North Carolina or lots of other places today, I'm sitting in a courthouse all day long.

Donald Trump: This is going on for the week. And this will go on for another four or five weeks, and it's very unfair. And people know -- and people know it's very unfair. The gag order has to come off. People are allowed to speak about me, and I have a gag order, just to show you how much more unfair it is. And the conflict has to end with the judge.

Donald Trump: The judge has a conflict, the worst I've ever seen. And it has to end with the judge. The gag order has to come off. I should be allowed to speak. Every time I come out to speak to you, I want to be open because we did absolutely nothing wrong. I showed you yesterday 30 stories, 32 stories of experts, legal experts, and I don't have one the other way.

Donald Trump: Thirty-two stories of legal experts saying very strongly, "There's no case. This case should never have been brought. Trump did nothing wrong." And they say it strongly, "Trump did nothing wrong." So, they ought to get rid of the conflict with the judge because that's something that he cannot do anything about.

Donald Trump: It's wrong. It's wrong. And the second thing is I have to be released. And again, they've taken away my constitutional rights to speak, and that includes speaking to you. I have a lot to say to you, and I'm not allowed to say it. And I'm the only one. Everyone else can say whatever they want about me. They can say anything they want.

Donald Trump: They can continue to make up lies and everything else. They lie. They're real scum. But you know what? I'm not allowed to speak, and I want to be able to speak to the press -- the press, and everybody else about it. So, why am I gagged about telling the truth? I'm only telling the truth. They're not telling the truth.

Donald Trump: The judge has to take off this gag order. It's very, very unfair that my constitutional rights have been taken away. Thank you very much.

Question: Are you going to keep posting about Michael Cohen?