Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-press-gaggle-atlanta-airport-georgia-april-10-2024

Donald Trump: Hello, everybody. It's a little windy out there. Good to see you. I finally get to meet you. You're doing a great job.

Question: Thank you, sir. Mr. President, did Arizona goes too far? Did Arizona go too far, sir?

Donald Trump: Yeah, they did, and that'll be straightened out. And as you know, it's all about states rights. That will be straightened out. And I'm sure that the governor and everybody else are going to bring it back into reason. And that will be taken care of, I think, very quickly.

Question: What do you think about Florida? Florida --

Donald Trump: Florida is probably maybe going to change also. See, it's all about the will of the people. This is what I've been saying. It's a broken system. So, for 52 years, people have wanted to end Roe v. Wade to get it back to the States. We did that. It was an incredible thing, an incredible achievement. We did that.

Donald Trump: And now, the states have it, and the states are putting out what they want. It's the will of the people. So, Florida is probably going to change. Arizona is going to definitely change. Everybody wants that to happen. And you're getting the will of the people. It's been pretty amazing when you think.

Question: New inflation numbers came out this morning showing inflation going up more than what economists were expecting. Do you believe there's any chance inflation gets under control between now and November?

Donald Trump: Biden has totally lost control of inflation. It's back. It's raging back. The numbers today was very high, very bad. It's actually much higher because they exclude various categories. It's actually much higher than that. The number is out of control. Biden had no idea what the hell he's doing. He's the worst president in the history of our country.

Donald Trump: And I have something -- but I have some good news. Where is Brian Jack? Come here. This is a man I've known for a long time. He's running in Georgia 3. It's going -- he's going to be a fantastic congressman. District 3, Brian Jack. Very simple name. Don't put them around. You could do it either way. Jack, Brian; or Brian Jack.

Donald Trump: He's a great guy. I've been -- he's been with me for seven years, and he's always wanted to run for Congress. And this is where he was born, where he grew up. He knows it well. He loves the people. He will be fantastic. You know who Brian is? You do now.

Question: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: There's another -- there's another Brian.

Question: [Inaudible] and now your appeal. How do you feel [Inaudible] are you confident that it will be, you know, overturned?

Donald Trump: Well, I think that case has been totally discredited. It was a money-making scheme on behalf of her and her lover, Wade, Mr. and Mrs. Wade. And I think the case has been totally discredited, I would hope. It seems to be. And we'll see how that -- and the one in New York is totally discredited. Every legal scholar said they have no case.

Donald Trump: It's a horrible thing, but it's election interference. It's all run by the White House. Every one of the cases that you mentioned, as an example, Barney Wade, every single case has been civil, criminal. It's election interference because Joe Biden can't put two sentences together. He can't find the stairs off the stage.

Donald Trump: Joe Biden is using this to try and get elected, and it's a shame.

Question: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: And so far, so far it's backfiring, as you know, because we just had polls come out, and frankly they're the best polls I've ever had. This is a disgraceful. This is for a third-world country. But that's what it is, that's what we have to put up. It's all coming out of the DOJ. A thing like this has never happened before.

Donald Trump: They're trying to protect a man who's grossly incompetent and the worst president in the history of our country.

Question: [Inaudible]

Question: How about campaign money? You've already talked before -- how about money, campaign money? The RNC has been trailing Democrats with campaign fundraising. You're here in Georgia to raise money. Are you going to be able to catch up to Democrats when it comes to campaign tax?

Donald Trump: Well, I'm not working very hard at it. [Inaudible] the other night, which is a all-time record, I do believe. [Inaudible] 24, and we did 52 [Inaudible] I didn't need three presidents, I did it myself. I didn't need so-called stars, we did it ourselves. The Republican Party has a lot of money coming into it. It's coming in, in small donations, $61 average.

Donald Trump: We did some large donors the other night. We did -- we broke the all-time record, 52 million. We don't need the money they need. If you remember, Hillary Clinton, I had about one-third the money that she had. And who won? I'm not exactly sure. Who won? So, we don't need the same kind of money that they need.

Donald Trump: They need more money because they take care of more politicians. They ended up like it's gravy. And you know, when you look at what they did with Zuckerbucks and with the lockboxes and everything else, it's really a disgrace. We don't need nearly the money that they need. In Florida, as an example, I put up a very small amount of money.

Donald Trump: They put $300 million into Florida. I put peanuts into Florida, and I won by 2 million votes. So, we don't need the same money that they need. Plus, I had a great four years, and Biden has one of the worst presidencies in history. He's destroying our country. Between Israel and October 7th, that should have never happened.

Donald Trump: Ukraine and Russia should have never, ever happened. That was something -- Russia would have never attacked Ukraine if I were president. The inflation is out of control. And now, it's out of control again. They brought down the rate so fast, he just wanted to get elected, and it's going to work out just [Inaudible]

Question: Have you spoken to Prime Minister Netanyahu? Obviously, the White House is issuing its stark warning. Do you think that the U.S. is not doing enough to show support for Israel? Or are you going to go?

Donald Trump: Biden has totally lost control of the Israel situation. He has abandoned Israel. He's totally abandoned Israel. And frankly, you know, he's a low-IQ individual. He has no idea where he is and who he's supporting. He doesn't know if he's supporting the Palestinians, but he knows one thing. He is not supporting Israel.

Donald Trump: He has abandoned Israel. And any Jewish person that votes for a Democrat or votes for Biden should have their head examined.

Question: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: I think they're very happy with my statement because we brought it into what it was. It is always about states' rights, and we brought it there, and everybody's very happy. With the exception of a few people, individual people that have their own agenda, people are very happy with my statement about abortion.

Donald Trump: And you'll see it all over again. Everything about abortion, it was all about bringing it back to the states. Every legal scholar, everybody from the Democrats and Republicans, they wanted to bring it back -- for 53 years, bring it back to the states. I did that. And now, each individual say they're all working it out.

Question: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: What I'm going to do is I'm going to be voting for Brian Jack, this man right here, who is running for Congress, District 3, and he's going to be -- in Georgia. And he's going to be a big-time politician, and he loves our country, and he loves Georgia.

Question: [Inaudible]

Question: How do you feel about [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: Well, she shouldn't be on our case. She's been totally discredited. It's shocking that she's on our case. Her lover was thrown off the case, and she should be thrown off with it. Fani Willis did this to get vacation. I mean, if you take a look at the kind of money -- and by the way, she never paid him back in cash.

Donald Trump: And if she did, she's got a bigger problem because you can't do that. That's really -- she said she took campaign cash and paid him back. You're not allowed to do that. So, by the way, that's a crime. She's a criminal. So, Fani Willis has been totally discredited. That case should end. And I think it's a big insult to Georgia that the case is going forward.

Donald Trump: I don't know if it's going forward. Nobody knows that. But if it does go forward, it's a big insult to Georgia. She is a corrupt individual. He was corrupt. She was corrupt. Nobody's ever seen anything like it. And I suspect that case is going to be terminated because it has absolutely no credibility.

Question: Hey, Mr. President, let's talk about the polling numbers. Actually, you're just crushing Biden. It continues to go up. Thoughts on that?

Donald Trump: He just said I'm crushing Biden in the polls. That's true. I appreciate that question. Thank you. Brian, thank you very much. We are doing great at the polls. We have a campaign because they have no policies. The people who are destroying our country, they're coming here [Inaudible] they have no policies [Inaudible] between Afghanistan, high taxes, big inflation.

Donald Trump: Everything they do is bad. They want to quadruple everyone's taxes. There's no way that a man like this should be even allowed in government. As far as I'm concerned, he's a criminal. And what he's doing with this weaponry of the Justice Department, every single trial that you read about and that you report about, and generally fairly, every one of these trials is run by the DOJ and the White House, every single one, including Fani because her lover spent eight hours, I think, her lover Wade spent eight hours at least on numerous occasions each day working and coordinating with the White House.

Donald Trump: How do we hurt Trump so that maybe Biden can eke out a victory? I don't think it's going to happen. I don't think the people are going to stand for it. I'm sure the people aren't going to stand for it. These people have weaponized government. They've weaponized the Justice Department. They've done something that nobody has ever done before in this country.

Donald Trump: It's done a lot in third-world countries and banana republics, never in this country. And so far, based on the polls that came out today and over the last fairly long period of time, if you look back over the last four or five months, I'm leading every single poll, and I'm leading them by a lot. We are a nation in decline.

Donald Trump: Biden is the worst president in the history of our country. He's corrupt, and he's incompetent. He can't put two sentences together. And I think we're going to have a tremendous victory. I predict that November 5th will go down as the most important day in the history of our country. That's election day.

Donald Trump: It's going to be the most important day and moment in the history of our country. We're going to close up our borders, and we're taking all of the criminals out because many of the people that came here, they came from jails, they came from insane asylums and mental institutions. Many terrorists, many drug dealers at the highest level, they're all coming into our country.

Donald Trump: I predict that November 5th, it's all going to turn around. We're going to get our country back. This incompetent man that's president, he's a terrible person, he's a terrible president. He's a Manchurian candidate if you look at him because he gets money from everybody. He's a Manchurian candidate. I predict that Biden is going to be gone.

Donald Trump: In six months now, that's all we have. But six months is a long time because the damage he can do in six months, he's done more damage than the 10 worst presidents history of our country. There has never been anybody that's damaged our country like crooked Joe Biden. So, I predict November 5th, the most important day in the history of our country.

Donald Trump: And it's going to be Christian visibility day, Christian visibility day. Christians are going to come out, and they're going to vote like never before. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you.