Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-press-gaggle-new-years-eve-mar-a-lago-december-31-2024

Question: Happy New year, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Question: First lady, you look so beautiful today, and what a party that you have here going on.

Donald Trump: It's a great one. Yes.

Question: It is. Can you -- apart from obviously winning the election, what are some other highlights for 2024?

Donald Trump: Well, we're just going to have a great nation again. We're going to bring it back to better than it ever was. I think we're going to see things that -- and it's going to go fast. We're going to see some amazing things, but we're going to bring it back at a level that a lot of people didn't think was really possible.

Donald Trump: That's [Inaudible] they really want to see something happen, and we're going to give that to them. We are -- we're doing our job. We're doing a real job here. We have great people. Many are here tonight, but you're going to be very happy.

Question: Have you got any New Year's resolutions for 2025?

Donald Trump: Well, I just want everybody to be happy, healthy, and well. Thank you.

Question: Mr. President, [Inaudible]. Happy New Year. The New York Post reports that Biden regrets dropping out. He thinks he could have beat you. What do you say?

Donald Trump: Well, he was way behind. He would have really, I assume, not had a chance. He was way behind her, and we won in record numbers as you know, won every swing state. We won the popular vote by millions and millions of people. So, you know -- hey, look, I wish him well. He had a chance to do it in the debate, and that didn't work out too well for him.

Donald Trump: That was, I guess, the reason. That really led to his downfall.

Question: What are you looking forward to in 2025?

Donald Trump: Well just great -- a great year. I think we're going to do fantastically well as a country. We're going to bring it back. It has to be brought back. People are not respecting our country very much, and they're going to respect us a lot. I think a lot of progress has been made over the last five weeks. It's been pretty amazing when you look at what's happened.

Donald Trump: There's a whole light over the whole world, not just our country. There are a lot of very happy people.

Question: Mr. President, Mr. President, Mr. President -- What's your message to Republicans who are still not supporting Speaker Johnson?

Donald Trump: Say what?

Question: What's your message to those Republicans who are still not supporting Speaker Johnson?

Donald Trump: Oh, I think they'll support Speaker Johnson. I think we're going to have a great time in Washington, and I think we're going to get great support. He's the one that can win right now. People like him; almost everybody likes him. Others are very good, too, but they have 30 or 40 people that don't like them.

Donald Trump: So, that's pretty tough.

Question: Are you calling members on his behalf, sir? Are you lobbying members [Inaudible]?

Donald Trump: Well, if necessary, but I think, really, we're going to have a great time. We're going to get a successful vote. He's a good man. He's a very -- he's a wonderful person, and that's what you need. We really do.

Question: Why did you -- why did you change your mind on H-1B visas, sir?

Donald Trump: I didn't change my mind. I've always felt that we have to have the most competent people in our country. We need competent people. We need smart people coming into our country, and we need a lot of people coming in. We're going to have jobs like we've never had before.

Question: But -- but, sir, you said you changed your position -- Do you plan to go to the Carter funeral next week?

Donald Trump: Say it?

Question: Do you plan to go to President Carter's funeral?

Donald Trump: I do. I'll be there. We were invited.

Question: Have you spoken with any Carter family members?

Donald Trump: I'd rather not say.

Question: OK. Have you spoken to -- How confident are you in your nominees?

Donald Trump: Well, I think we have great nominees. We're doing very well as you know. And I think most of them are being thought of very highly, just about all of them. So, I think we're going to do very well.

Question: Sir, when do you plan -- Have you spoken to Putin? You said that he -- you say he's eager to meet with you. Are you planning a meeting with him?

Donald Trump: Well, I don't know. There's a traditional meeting. Some people would say we already had that. You know, we met a week and a half ago. But if it's appropriate, I'd like to -- you know, I'd like to do that. Yeah?

Question: Any new thoughts on Ukraine and the situation there? Do you intend to --

Donald Trump: You know, it's a shame the whole thing started. It would have never started if I were president. You wouldn't have Ukraine.

Question: Have you spoke --

Donald Trump: You wouldn't have Ukraine-Russia problems. You wouldn't have had the Israeli problem with what happened on October 7th -- was just a horrible thing. All of the things -- you wouldn't have inflation. Inflation was a disaster, one of the reasons we had the country. We won the country by the kind of numbers we won by, which were record-setting numbers.

Donald Trump: All of these things -- and then you take a look -- also look at all of the other problems that they caused, the problems that they caused in this country. And specifically, I ran on the border and millions and millions of people that flowed through our border from prisons, from mental institutions, people that should not be in our country.

Donald Trump: And you see the crime numbers are going through the roof. Look at New York City. Look at Chicago. Look at Los Angeles. They're going through the roof. We're going to get them out. We're going to get them out fast. Thank you very much, everybody.

Question: What's your message to Puerto Rico, sir? Have you spoken to Mr. Netanyahu about a ceasefire deal? You said if they don't have one by the time you take office, there will be hell to pay.

Donald Trump: We're going to see what happens.

Question: Have you spoken to him about it? Mr. President, do you have too much --

Donald Trump: Just put it this way. They better let the hostages come back soon.