Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-press-gaggle-after-court-day-12-new-york-may-6-2024

Donald Trump: So, we just found out, the government just said that they want two to three more weeks. That means they want to keep me off the trail for two to three more weeks. Now, anybody in there would realize there's no case. They don't have a case. Every legal scholar says they don't have a case. This is just a political witch hunt.

Donald Trump: It's election interfering. And this is really, truly election interference, and it's a disgrace. It's a disgrace. And in every poll, I'm leading by a lot. And I figure, maybe they can do something here. Maybe they can do -- this case should be over. This case should have never been brought. By the way, Alvin Bragg didn't want to bring the case.

Donald Trump: Your previous D.A. didn't bring the case. The FEC said they threw it away. They said, "You got to be kidding." Southern District didn't bring the case. Nobody brought the case. And then Alvin Bragg brought the case as soon as -- when I'm running and leading, that's when they decided let's go bring the case.

Donald Trump: So, it's a disgrace. But we just heard two to three more weeks. I thought they were finished today. And they are finished today if you look at what's happening. I thought they were going to be finished today, and they want two to three more weeks. The judge asked him and play right into the judge's hands.

Donald Trump: The judge is so happy about two or three more weeks because they all want to keep me off the campaign trail. That's all this is about. This is about election interference, how do we stop it. And it's a disgrace. And then you have the other thing that maybe is even more disgraceful is the gag order, where I can't -- basically, I have to watch every word I tell you, people.

Donald Trump: You asked me a question, a simple question, I'd like you to give it, but I can't talk about it because this judge has given me a gag order and said, "You'll go to jail if you violate it." And frankly, you know what? Our Constitution is much more important than jail. It's not even close. I'll do that sacrifice any day.

Donald Trump: But what's happening here is a disgrace, and the appellate courts ought to get involved. New York looks so bad. The New York system, the so-called justice looks so bad between this judge and Engoron and Kaplan. The triple team with corrupt judges is a disgrace to our nation. So, I should be out there campaigning and they said two -- and the way I look at it, they're really talking about three weeks more.

Donald Trump: And by the way, they didn't even have enough to fill out the time. You know, we got out early today because they didn't have another witness. The government didn't have another witness. So, they didn't even have the time to fill it out. And then they complained. So, I'll tell you what, I hope you reported the story accurately.

Donald Trump: This is a real threat to our country and it's a serious threat to the Constitution. In the meantime, Columbia University, they announced today they're not going to have their graduation. They're not going to have a ceremony. And that's happening all over the country. Our country is a mess. And the most important day in the history of our country is going to be November 5th of this year.

Donald Trump: That's called Election Day. It's going to be the most important day in the history of our country. What's going on with this judge is a disaster, between the gag orders and the hatred he's gotten for me, and everybody sees it, OK? And you see it. You see it better than anybody. God bless the USA.

Question: [Inaudible]