Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-press-gaggle-nypd-officer-wake-massapequa-park-new-york-march-28-2024

Donald Trump: Well, thank you very much, everybody. I want to thank Bruce and all of the people that have worked so hard to make this area beautiful and safe. And this is -- what happened is such a sad, sad event, such a horrible thing, and it's happening all too often. And we're just not going to let it happen. We just can't. Twenty-one times arrested, this thug, and the person in the car with him was arrested many times.

Donald Trump: And they don't learn because they don't respect. They don't -- they're not given the respect. The police are the greatest people we have. There's nothing and there's nobody like them. And this should never happen. I just visited with a very beautiful wife that now doesn't have her husband. Stephanie was just incredible.

Donald Trump: Their child, brand-new beautiful baby, sitting there, innocent as can be, and doesn't know how his life has been changed, but the Diller family will. You'll never be the same. You can never be the same. And we have to stop it. We have to stop it. We have to get back to law and order. We have to do a lot of things differently because this is not working.

Donald Trump: This is happening too often. It's an honor to be here. And again, I want to just thank all of you folks for allowing this. And, Bruce, thank you. Bruce has been a friend of mine for a long time. He's done an incredible job out here. But this is such a sad occasion. The only thing we can say is maybe something is going to be learned.

Donald Trump: We've got to toughen it up. We've got to strengthen it up. This should never be allowed. Things like this shouldn't take place and to take place so often. So, thank you all for being here. It's an honor and it's an honor for me to be here. This is a great family, the Diller family. I met the friends and I met every one of them inside, and these are just incredible people that are just devastated.

Donald Trump: They're devastated. They've got a tough road. It's going to be a very tough road. So, thank you very much, everybody. Appreciate it. Thank you. Bruce, would you like to finish up? Thank you very much.

Bruce Blakeman: I just want to say -- I just want to say thank you to President Trump for coming here to be with the Diller family. It was very comforting for them. It was very warm inside. And people were very, very -- they were very blessed to have someone like President Trump, who cared so much, spent a lot of time with the family, and was, again, a tremendous comfort to the family in probably the most difficult time this family's ever had.

Bruce Blakeman: May God bless Stephanie. Ryan, we are going to help raise because he's only one years old and he's going to grow up without a dad, but he's going to have thousands of dads that are going to look after him. And to Fran, his mother; and to Jessica -- Jennifer and Jason, his brother and sister; and the whole family, Aunt Carroll, Uncle Jimmy, our hearts go out to them and may God bless them and may God bless America.

Bruce Blakeman: Thank you.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. Thank you.

Question: Mr. President [Inaudible]

Question: You said [Inaudible]

Question: Mr. President, what message did you convey to the family?

Donald Trump: We got to toughen it up.

Question: What do you mean by that?

Donald Trump: We got to have law and order. These things can't happen. We need law and order. This can't happen. Thank you very much.