Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-press-gaggle-restaurant-philadelphia-june-22-2024

Unidentified: USA. USA. USA.

Donald Trump: How are you?

Unidentified: Mr. Trump, it's an honor. I want to give you, guys, a shirt and hat from Tony and Nick's.

Donald Trump: Oh, I love that.

Unidentified: Mr. Trump [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: I love that. Thank you.

Unidentified: Mr. President.

Donald Trump: You'll be happy today. Being here -- being here is prepping. Thank you again. Thank you, everybody. Thank you, man.

Unidentified: Tough luck --

Donald Trump: Thank you, man.

Question: Mr. President, do you know who your VP is?

Donald Trump: Hello, everybody. How are the ladies, handsome dude? How are you?

Unidentified: Yes. Thank you. You're the best, Donald. We love you.

Donald Trump: This guy [Inaudible]

Unidentified: You got this.

Donald Trump: You got it.

Unidentified: You got this.

Donald Trump: If we don't have it, we don't have a country.

Unidentified: We need you.

Unidentified: [Inaudible] We need you.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Unidentified: We need you.

Donald Trump: Your place is going to do good.

Unidentified: I hope so.

Donald Trump: It's going to do good.

Unidentified: I need it.

Donald Trump: You take me where I'm supposed to go. We're going to get sandwiches for everyone, right?

Unidentified: We're doing good.

Donald Trump: That's great. That's great.

Question: Mr. President, do you know who your VP will be?

Question: [Inaudible] vice president after the debate?

Donald Trump: Most likely, yeah. You'll be there. Yeah. I think we have a lot of people coming. There's a lot of interest, tremendous interest in the debate. And, you know, when you say prep, I think this is prepping. These people know better than anybody what they want, right?

Unidentified: Pick Tulsi.

Unidentified: No need to prep [Inaudible]

Question: Have you decided who your vice president is?

Unidentified: Pick Tulsi.

Donald Trump: In my mind, yeah.

Question: Do they know? Does --

Donald Trump: No, nobody knows.

Unidentified: That's right.

Unidentified: Tim Scott.

Unidentified: [Inaudible] baby. Win.

Donald Trump: Who do you like as VP?

Unidentified: I like [Inaudible]

Unidentified: You should run the whole country the way you did.

Donald Trump: Who do you like?

Unidentified: J.D. Vance.

Donald Trump: You like J.D.

Unidentified: J.D. Vance.

Donald Trump: Who do you like?

Unidentified: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: Who?

Unidentified: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: That's interesting. Who do you guys like as VP?

Unidentified: Tulsi.

Unidentified: Tim Scott. Tim Scott.

Unidentified: Tom Cotton. Tom Cotton.

Unidentified: Marco Rubio.

Donald Trump: A lot of -- there's a lot of variance.

Question: Do you think Biden is a worthy opponent for the debate?

Unidentified: No.

Donald Trump: I think Biden has been the worst president in the history of our country.

Unidentified: Amen.

Donald Trump: I think Biden is the worst president in the history of our country. I think he's destroying our country.

Unidentified: And he is. He is. You're right.

Question: Mr. President, do you think Biden will struggle at the debate?

Donald Trump: I don't know. I don't know. All I can tell you, he struggles with being president, right? He's a terrible president. That's where he struggles.

Unidentified: He's terrible. The worst.

Donald Trump: I don't care about the debate. I don't care if he struggles at the debate. You know where he struggles? At being president, right?

Question: When will you announce your VP, Mr. President?

Donald Trump: Pretty soon. Not too -- not too [Inaudible]

Unidentified: Thank you, Mr. President.

Unidentified: Make Columbus stay strong.

Donald Trump: Stick around. I'll buy you a sandwich.

Unidentified: [Inaudible] should have been here earlier.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.

Unidentified: Sydney. Sydney.

Unidentified: Sydney.

Unidentified: You're stepping on kids. Stepping --

Unidentified: Mr. President.

Unidentified: Yeah.

Unidentified: God bless Donald. You won the last time.

Donald Trump: Who is with this guy?

Unidentified: Not me.

Unidentified: You won the last time.

Donald Trump: Yeah, we did. We won big.

Unidentified: Put that away. Put that away. Put that marker away.

Question: [Inaudible] Mr. President. You're going to win bigger this time.

Donald Trump: I think so. There's even more of a feeling this because they see how bad he is.

Unidentified: Thank you.

Unidentified: Thank you so much.

Unidentified: Can I have [Inaudible] Mr. President?

Donald Trump: Go ahead, darling.

Unidentified: Awesome.

Unidentified: Thank you.

Donald Trump: You got to get a sandwich. I'm buying everybody a sandwich.

Unidentified: You're the best.

Unidentified: Make room for your next president.

Donald Trump: OK. Thank you, man. Thank you. You look good.

Unidentified: Thank you. Thank you.

Donald Trump: Yeah, go ahead.

Unidentified: I'm right behind you, Mr. President.

Unidentified: God bless.

Donald Trump: OK. Let's go. Ready? Give me the receipt and I'll sign.

Unidentified: Outside.

Donald Trump: Give me a pen. Ready?

Unidentified: Thank you for supporting. Thank you. Thank you for supporting.

Unidentified: Mark Robinson, vice president, lieutenant governor of North Carolina.

Donald Trump: Who do you like?

Unidentified: Mark Robinson.

Unidentified: We love you.

Donald Trump: Oh, Mark Robinson. He's doing good. He's got his own race out.

Unidentified: He's the man.

Donald Trump: He's fantastic.

Unidentified: The Democrats are afraid of him.

Donald Trump: That's a -- that's an interesting one.

Unidentified: Absolutely.

Donald Trump: Ready? No tax --

Unidentified: OK. Move that baseball.

Unidentified: Move back.

Unidentified: We'll need that over my head.

Unidentified: Push that back a little bit. Go.

Donald Trump: On tip.

Unidentified: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Look at this. Now, if you think it's all right.

Unidentified: Yeah.

Unidentified: Sir.

Unidentified: To your right, sir.

Unidentified: No tax on tips.

Donald Trump: No tax on tips.

Unidentified: Yes.

Donald Trump: Who are you with?

Unidentified: [Inaudible]

Question: Who?

Question: NBC.

Question: NBC News.

Donald Trump: You're so friendly, though. NBC News. You're too friendly to be with NBC. You're really -- you're good reporters.

Unidentified: They're turning around.

Donald Trump: Because NBC doesn't have too many.

Question: Will tell you us who your VP is?

Donald Trump: I will tell you very soon. You may be first to know. No, you're so nice to be with NBC. I can't believe it.

Question: President Trump, what does your debate prep look like?

Donald Trump: This. If I can handle guys like this, they're easy. OK?

Question: Will you announce it before the convention?

Donald Trump: Right around the convention. Maybe a little before, but could be at the convention. But we'll have some great people. We have some great people. Who do you like as VP? Go ahead.

Unidentified: Tulsi.

Donald Trump: Let me have that outside.

Unidentified: Byron Donalds.

Unidentified: Kari Lake or Mark Robinson.

Donald Trump: Brian is good. Brian is good.

Unidentified: A little Irish kid when you came in.

Donald Trump: Who is he? Let me see.

Unidentified: Timmy.

Unidentified: Little Timmy.

Unidentified: Timmy.

Donald Trump: Oh, that's nice.

Unidentified: Hello, Mr. Strong Again.

Donald Trump: Let me have it. Wow. Who did this picture?

Unidentified: That's a hand -- that's hand-painted.

Donald Trump: That's a good picture.

Unidentified: By a starving artist.

Donald Trump: Who did it?

Donald Trump: A starving artist in the [Inaudible] mall.

Donald Trump: He's -- this starving artist is better than the artists that aren't starving. Look at this. No, he's good.

Unidentified: I say beautiful.

Donald Trump: I see artists that get paid a lot of money like Hunter. Hunter.

Unidentified: Boo.

Donald Trump: Do you think Hunter could do this painting? I don't think so. What do you think? TikTok --

Unidentified: He's got to be high on drugs.

Donald Trump: This man is with TikTok. We love TikTok. I'm going to save TikTok. Biden wants to get rid of TikTok. You know why?

Question: Why?

Donald Trump: Because he has no idea. He has no idea what the hell he's doing. I'm going to sign this for your friend, all right?

Unidentified: Thank you.

Donald Trump: That's a beauty.

Question: Are you concerned about the sentencing at all?

Donald Trump: Who?

Question: The sentencing.

Donald Trump: No, I'm not concerned. I did nothing wrong.

Unidentified: That's right.

Unidentified: Nothing wrong.

Unidentified: Name the crime, DOJ.

Unidentified: No crime. Name the crime.

Unidentified: DOJ is corrupt.

Unidentified: [Inaudible] We need her.

Unidentified: That is the sign [Inaudible]

Unidentified: We're falling a lot.

Unidentified: That's amazing.

Unidentified: The Clintons for jail. Obama for jail. Not again.

Donald Trump: See, now, we made it valuable.

Unidentified: Look at that signature.

Donald Trump: I give it -- give it -- give it to his -- give it to him.

Question: Can you put some value to my bag?

Donald Trump: So --

Question: Hey, Donny, can I get a picture?

Donald Trump: Yeah, we did absolutely nothing wrong. This -- this country is corrupt. And what they're doing with the weaponization, they're going to be ashamed of themselves.

Question: Are you worried about going to jail, Mr. President?

Donald Trump: No, I'm not worried at all. I'm not worried at all. You know what, it doesn't bother me. Nothing bothers me. We have a corrupt group of people. And you know what?

Unidentified: Face her up.

Donald Trump: And it's really working out the other way. We just got the highest poll numbers we've ever had.

Unidentified: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Rasmussen -- Rasmussen just gave us -- we have a 10-point lead, 10 points. But you know what?

Unidentified: Let's go.

Donald Trump: They cheat so much that 10 points isn't enough. We have to get more. Because if we don't win, our country is finished. I'm telling you. OK. That's going to be good. I want to leave a tip for you guys.

Unidentified: We got to try to keep them awake.

Donald Trump: I'll leave a tip.

Unidentified: We're going to shoot them up with a lot of [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: How much did I leave them? How much of a tip?

Unidentified: I got this. I got it.

Donald Trump: Let me see here.

Question: What's Biden paying?

Unidentified: [Inaudible] don't see him.

Donald Trump: He wouldn't have had to add it up. OK. Are you ready?

Unidentified: Yeah, I'm ready.

Donald Trump: I'm going to give you 500 bucks. You guys all split it up. Is that OK?

Unidentified: Thank you.

Unidentified: Great things happen in Philadelphia. Let's go.

Unidentified: Let's go, baby.

Unidentified: Trump. Trump. Trump.

Donald Trump: Well, you split that up.

Unidentified: Thank you.

Unidentified: Trump. Trump. Trump.

Unidentified: Go. It would have been more people. They kept it low for some reason.

Unidentified: Mr. Trump --

Donald Trump: Thank you all very much. This is a great crowd. Hello back there. How are you? I saw you from the car. I notice those things.

Question: Mr. President, I'm going to put you in [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: Yeah. Go ahead. Let's go. Shoot.

Question: What's your strategy? Do you have a specific strategy?

Donald Trump: The strategy is to make America great again. My strategy is very simple, make America great again. That's all. Because our country is going to hell.

Unidentified: You're doing it fast.

Donald Trump: And we're going to turn it around fast. There's no strategy. We're going to turn it around fast. And I look forward to Thursday. I know he's locked up in a log cabin someplace. You can imagine what he's doing.

Unidentified: Teach him how to stand. Sir, teach him how to stand.

Unidentified: Our country has diarrhea.

Unidentified: Thank you very much.

Unidentified: Thank you, Mr. President.

Question: What are you expecting from President Biden?

Unidentified: He's not the president. He's not the president.

Question: What are you expecting from Biden?

Donald Trump: I like this group of people.

Unidentified: Thank you.

Donald Trump: These are my people. These are good. Let me tell you, these people built America. You know that? These people built America.

Unidentified: President Trump [Inaudible]

Unidentified: You're ready?

Question: Mr. President, can you sign my bag?

Unidentified: President Trump, right here.

Unidentified: Hey, no.

Unidentified: No?

Unidentified: No. Uh-uh. No. Here. In your pocket. Put it in your pocket.

Question: What do you expect from Biden, Mr. President?

Question: Mr. President, can you show us?

Donald Trump: You know what, Biden should have been a better president. He wouldn't be in this position. He's the worst president in the history of our country. Biden should have been a better president. He's let this country go to hell. We've become a third-world nation. We're a nation in total distress. And we got to turn this country around, and we're going to turn it around fast.

Donald Trump: And we're going to drill, baby, drill, right?

Unidentified: Drill, baby, drill.

Donald Trump: Drill, baby drill. Get your energy prices down.

Unidentified: Build the wall.

Donald Trump: You know, it all started with energy when you think about it.

Question: How do you think you'll do at the [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: Where's your baseball? It's OK.

Unidentified: Give me a second.

Donald Trump: I trust him. It's all right.

Unidentified: One second.

Donald Trump: I'll throw it at him. He won't [Inaudible]

Unidentified: Mr. President.

Question: How do you think you'll do at the debate, sir?

Donald Trump: I'll do fine.

Question: Mr. President --

Unidentified: He's going to embarrass by --

Question: President Trump, will you be different [Inaudible]

Unidentified: [Inaudible] is giving the answers.

Question: Will you be different than you were four years ago at the debate?

Donald Trump: Well, we had a great debate four years ago. We had two of them. They were both good. But I think -- you know, I think what happened is the country has gone to hell. In the last three and a half years, the country has gone down badly, and he's got to explain why is he allowing 18 million people in here, many from prisons, many from jails, many from mental institutions, insane asylum.

Donald Trump: Why has he done that?

Unidentified: He's a globalist.

Donald Trump: Why? No, he's somebody that hates our country. I don't -- honestly, I don't think he knows what he is.

Unidentified: I think we all know.

Donald Trump: He's not -- he's not calling the shots. Other people.

Question: [Inaudible] two sentences together. Are you saying that --

Donald Trump: Say it.

Question: You said at rallies that Biden can't string sentences together. Do you think he'll struggle in the debate?

Donald Trump: Well, he certainly can't run a country. He's done a horrible job. We're a laugh -- this country is a laughingstock all over the world, and these people know it better than anybody.

Unidentified: He's blaming the corporations for price gouging.

Donald Trump: Thank you all very much. Thank you.

Unidentified: Thank you, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Give me that book.

Question: Can you sign my bag?

Donald Trump: Come on, give me that book. Pass that book.

Question: Can you sign my bag, Mr. President?

Donald Trump: Yeah. Give me your bag. Make sure you don't have a bomb. Do you have a bomb in it? It's all right. I trust her. If it blows up, you're going first.

Unidentified: There you go.

Unidentified: You surprised her.

Unidentified: That's me.

Unidentified: Oh, I'm so happy for you.

Unidentified: So am I.

Question: Can I get a picture?

Unidentified: I've been here since 2:15.

Donald Trump: That's a nice bag.

Unidentified: Thank you very much.

Donald Trump: Let's go. Do you have a camera? Where's your camera? Come on, take it. Come on over here. Is this -- oh, this is the boss.

Unidentified: Yes.

Donald Trump: I took good care of your people.

Unidentified: Thank you.

Donald Trump: Hey, listen, take care of these people, OK? Let's go. Go ahead. Take a picture. You got to get one.

Unidentified: Hurry up, man.

Donald Trump: Who's the owner? Right there.

Unidentified: I'm an associate.

Donald Trump: He makes good money. You're an associate. That's [Inaudible] Let's go.

Unidentified: Yeah, wait. Let me --

Donald Trump: Come on. Everybody know Margot? Margot is famous. Let's go.

Unidentified: Wait. She's taking one. We got to --

Unidentified: You got to be in there, don't forget.

Donald Trump: OK. Let's get -- let's get -- you pass it on. Go ahead.

Unidentified: One, two, three. Awesome.

Donald Trump: Make sure he gets one.

Unidentified: Thank you.

Donald Trump: Do another one. He --

Unidentified: It's my phone.

Donald Trump: He's going to put it -- oh, is that yours? Let me see what it looks like.

Unidentified: If it doesn't look good [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: Oh, that's a nice one.

Unidentified: Thank you so much.

Unidentified: Michael Strange Foundation for --

Unidentified: You know Thomas Strange?

Donald Trump: Yeah. Yeah.

Unidentified: I got him, guys.

Unidentified: Yes.

Unidentified: Can you come and see us real quick?

Donald Trump: Yeah. Let's go fast.

Unidentified: [Inaudible] for our families.

Donald Trump: Oh, that's great.

Unidentified: President Trump.

Unidentified: Are we done?

Donald Trump: Let me have that.

Unidentified: Hold on. We're ready.

Unidentified: Keep going, keep going. Push over.

Unidentified: I just want to say --

Unidentified: Have them -- have them bring it them to us.

Unidentified: We're going to bring [Inaudible] to us.

Unidentified: Mr. President.

Unidentified: What do you want --

Unidentified: You're going to be on this side.

Unidentified: You got it.

Unidentified: Snap is getting some military folks. We'll bring them to you.

Unidentified: This the gentleman --

Unidentified: Bring those folks over here.

Unidentified: That's the best.

Donald Trump: Have a good time. Whose book?

Unidentified: Thank you, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: You know what? They don't want me to go back.

Unidentified: Bring it to us.

Donald Trump: Can you bring it here? Bring them up here. So, they have a --

Unidentified: They want a sign [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: They got to have a police scanner. Come here. You've been fantastic. I'm going to have your sandwich later. If I don't like it, I'll call you, OK?

Unidentified: Call me. Thank you so much.

Donald Trump: Thank you, everybody. Thank you back there.

Unidentified: Thank you.

Donald Trump: Hey, good to see you. Oh, she's so beautiful.

Unidentified: Thank you for your strength.

Unidentified: Thank you.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Unidentified: God bless you and your family.

Unidentified: You're amazing. Amazing.

Unidentified: I hope you have a successful debate.

Donald Trump: Watch your -- watch on Thursday night.

Unidentified: We'll see you.

Donald Trump: Watch on Thursday night.

Unidentified: We will.

Unidentified: See you in the White House.

Unidentified: Yes, we will.

Unidentified: Don't let them fact-check you.

Donald Trump: This guy. OK. What a good-looking guy. He's good with it over there.

Unidentified: With or without.

Unidentified: [Inaudible] don't leave us [Inaudible]

Unidentified: I got it. What?

Unidentified: Here you go. Timmy.

Unidentified: Timmy.

Unidentified: Little Timmy.

Unidentified: That's awesome. He's the greatest.

Donald Trump: Oh, what a night. Come on over here. Come over here. Oh, he's a sweetheart. Look at that. He's -- he's --

Unidentified: He's --

Donald Trump: You know what?

Unidentified: [Inaudible] to Newsom.

Donald Trump: You like Trump, don't you, huh? Do you have some good pictures of me?

Unidentified: Yes, we do.

Donald Trump: Come on, NBC, take -- even NBC has to be -- right? You can't do better than this kid. That's beautiful.

Unidentified: Thank you.

Donald Trump: You take care, OK? We love you, man. All right? Hold on. Hold on. I got to give him some. Make sure he gets a special sandwich for himself. Yeah, I'm going to do something. Come here. You're going to hit pay dirt. You know why?

Unidentified: Watch.

Donald Trump: Look at him, huh?

Unidentified: My phone.

Unidentified: I'll hold it for now.

Unidentified: Yeah.

Donald Trump: You know that is?

Unidentified: He's going to sign it for you.

Unidentified: How are we going to make it out of here, guys?

Donald Trump: We got to add some -- we're going to add some value, OK?

Unidentified: We -- you got to have this.

Unidentified: All right, Timmy.

Unidentified: Here's for Timmy.

Unidentified: I don't know.

Donald Trump: Look at this guy now. Come here. OK.

Unidentified: He signed my shirt.

Donald Trump: We just added a little value. OK. We love this kid. I like that kid.

Unidentified: Timmy McConnell.

Donald Trump: So, if your parents don't want to, I'll take you. He's a good boy. Have a good time, everybody.

Unidentified: Thank you so much.

Unidentified: Remember, guys, stay close, stay close. Stay in. Push in.

Unidentified: Scooch in a little bit. Just make sure we stay back a little bit.

Unidentified: He doesn't need to be.

Donald Trump: Is that kid --

Unidentified: Ryan, for you --

Donald Trump: I think he's great. Thank you. That's OK.

Unidentified: Mr. President.

Unidentified: We love you.

Donald Trump: So, you're going to take care of our friends over here. Thank you, all. Thank you.

Unidentified: We love you.

Unidentified: Bring back Columbus Day, every state.

Unidentified: Go, girl. Go, girl.

Unidentified: Trump.

Unidentified: Tell him what you're going to do tonight. Tattoo it. Tattoos.

Donald Trump: He's going to get a tattoo tonight.

Unidentified: Mr. President, you're the greatest president.

Unidentified: Bring back Columbus Day.

Donald Trump: That's good.

Unidentified: Thank you, Secret Service.

Unidentified: I had that card made just for you, buddy.

Donald Trump: Hey, that's great.

Unidentified: Move back. Thank you.

Unidentified: We love you, Trump.

Unidentified: Trump.

Unidentified: Mr. President.

Unidentified: Trump.

Unidentified: Move that back. Move that back.

Unidentified: I'm not touching him.

Unidentified: Just move it back.

Donald Trump: November 5th or sooner, get out and vote.

Unidentified: Yes.

Donald Trump: We can't lose this thing. We lose this [Inaudible]

Unidentified: We cannot lose.

Donald Trump: We lose it, we're all getting out of here. Yeah, yeah.

Unidentified: Thank you.

Donald Trump: You'll be OK.

Unidentified: Thank you.

Donald Trump: You'll be happy.

Unidentified: Electrify that damn wall.

Unidentified: Thank you for all that you do. Thank you.

Donald Trump: Thank you. Nice to see you. You're doing a great job. That's all right. Come on over.

Question: OK. All right. Right here. OK. Thanks for talking.

Donald Trump: You've done a good job covering the riots and everything. Really good. No, really.

Question: Thanks. So, tell me a little bit about how you're preparing for the debate, right, because we see that President Biden is out at Camp David. You're on the campaign trail. What's your strategy for the debate?

Donald Trump: Well, this is really the best strategy right here. We have all these people screaming questions, and I look forward to the debate. We just did Faith and Freedom, as you know, in D.C. And now, we're here for a big rally, about 10 minutes away at the Temple Arena. And we have it packed. We have lines that are going a mile long.

Donald Trump: And it's an honor. And you've done a very good job. I've been watching. She's done a very good job.

Question: Thank you.

Donald Trump: I hope you get a pay increase now, right?

Question: You call -- put in a call. Maybe I'll get a big bump in pay. Tell me a little bit about, you know, when you go to these urban areas specifically, right, what is the game plan? When you go into Philly, you're going to the Bronx, what's the plan?

Donald Trump: It's no game plan. It's just there's a lot of love. You know, they want hope. There's no hope with this guy, Biden. He's the worst president we've ever had. There's no hope. And I say it all the time now. I started like a week ago. I didn't even realize it. I'm saying, the people need hope. I go out, I see the greatest people.

Donald Trump: So, we're in the middle of a pretty rough area and it's a love fest. You see that. It's incredible. They want hope. They want to have --

Unidentified: USA. USA. USA.

Donald Trump: They want to have a future. Listen to this.

Unidentified: USA. USA. USA.

Donald Trump: And these are not people that would normally be -- going [Inaudible] It's been amazing.

Question: And you know that. It's not that you're expecting to be the most popular candidate when you hit these areas, but you feel like --

Donald Trump: Well, I could be in a lot of other places, but I choose to be here, and the rally is phenomenal. It's going to be, you know, an hour or something. I think it starts at 7 o'clock, and it's being carried on Fox. Come to think of it.

Question: All right. Tell me --

Donald Trump: And by the way, Tammy Bruce is fantastic, and she's the one that's sort of semi-responsible. So, say hello to everybody.

Question: Quick question, a lot of people are wondering, who's the vice president picked? Who are you going to choose?

Donald Trump: Well, if you knew that, you would probably be up for a major pay. We have a lot of -- you know, she says, "Who do you like? Who do you like?" And there were so many different answers. We have a lot of good ones. I'll be announcing it right around the time of the convention.

Question: OK. And then why Virginia? Why making a big play in Virginia? Do you think you can flip some of the people there to red?

Donald Trump: Well, we're getting -- we're actually two points up in Virginia. Virginia is not a state that a Republican generally wins, hasn't won it for decades. And we -- you know, we're leading in Virginia. We're leading in Minnesota. That one hasn't been won since 1972. And we have a very good chance of -- I think we're going to win a lot of places that people never even thought about because our country is in a dire shape, to put it mildly.

Donald Trump: It's doing badly. I say we're a country -- we're really a country that is -- we're a failing nation. If you look at our country, we are now a failing nation, and that should never happen. We're going to turn it around fast. I look forward to the debate, but the debate is not the big deal. The big deal is what have you done?

Donald Trump: And we had four great years and he's had three and a half years of destruction of our country.

Question: But he's preparing. He's at Camp David. Do you think he's going to be good on the stage?

Donald Trump: Well, I think if he prepares, he'll be fine, and then he'll forget it within about an hour after preparing. So, we'll see what happens. We'll see what happens.

Question: Thank you very much for your time.

Donald Trump: We wish him well.

Question: Thank you, sir.

Donald Trump: Have a good day. Thank you.

Unidentified: Big crowd waiting.

Question: [Inaudible] tax on tips.

Donald Trump: I love -- no tax on tips. By the way, no tax on tips.

Unidentified: Is that -- you're talking about here?

Donald Trump: No tax on tips.

Unidentified: Thank you, President Trump.