Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-press-gaggle-garbage-truck-green-bay-wisconsin-october-30-2024

Donald Trump: Two hundred and fifty million people are not garbage. I can tell you who the real garbage is, but we won't say that.

Unidentified: All right, guys. All right, guys, guys, guys. Full camera, full camera. Right here. Keep coming. Can I -- can I --

Question: President Trump, you said the other day that the National Guard or the military can be used on Election Day. Can you give more specifics about what that would look like?

Donald Trump: Any questions?

Question: Sir, RFK Jr. said that you promised him control of public health agencies if you were to win. Is that accurate?

Donald Trump: I can't -- you have to speak louder.

Question: Sir, RFK Jr. said that you promised him control of public health agencies if you were to win. Is that accurate?

Donald Trump: Well, we'll work with him, and he's a very talented guy. He wants women's health, he wants health for people, and we're going to work with him. He's a very, very talented guy. He's a friend of mine.

Question: President Trump [Inaudible] [Crosstalk] [Inaudible] the Democrats are going to backfire?

Donald Trump: I think the Democrats have done a very poor job. We're leading in every -- in every state. We're leading big. And I think that the comment made by really both of them because they're really two of them about being garbage, maybe 250 million people, and they shouldn't be talking. That's like deplorable for -- this is the deplorable for Hillary.

Donald Trump: And I think this is worse actually. For Joe Biden to make that statement, it's really a disgrace.

Question: President Trump, you said the other day -- you said the other day that the military -- said that the military could be used -- Did you know that Elon Musk close contact with -- That the military or the National Guard could be used on Election Day, if necessary. Can you explain what you meant by that and the details?

Donald Trump: I don't think they'll have to be used. I think we're going to have a big victory. And I think 250 million people in this country are going to be very happy because we're going to bring the country back. We're a nation in decline, very, very serious decline. And we're going to bring our country back.

Question: Did you know that Elon Musk was in close contact with President Bush? Did you know about this?

Donald Trump: Again?

Question: Did you know about Elon Musk calls and in close communication with President --

Donald Trump: No. Elon -- Elon is a great guy. He's one of our geniuses, and we have to protect our geniuses. We have to take care of our geniuses.

Question: Mr. President, there are reports that you -- President Trump --

Donald Trump: Yes, please.

Question: President Trump, do you feel like you owe the people in Puerto Rico an apology for what comedian said --

Donald Trump: No, I love Puerto Rico and Puerto Rico loves me. I don't know -- I don't know anything about a comedian. I just -- I love Puerto Rico. Nobody's done more for Puerto Rico than me. I -- I took care of them when they had the big hurricanes and nobody -- nobody gets along better with Puerto Rico and the Puerto Rican people than me. They love me, and I love them. Go ahead.

Question: Mr. President -- What did you make -- what did you make of the comedian's jokes --

Donald Trump: What do I what?

Question: What did you think about the comedian's joke?

Donald Trump: I don't know anything about the comedian. I don't know who he is. I've never seen him. I heard he made a statement, but it was just a statement that he made. He's a comedian, what can I tell you? I know nothing about him. I don't know why he's there. You put comedians up, and I guess he went on earlier in the show. I don't know who he is.

Question: Did you think that joke was -- Is Steve Bannon going to campaign with you? Is Steve Bannon going to campaign with you now that he's out of prison?

Donald Trump: I don't know, but I think he's a terrific guy. I think he was treated very unfairly.

Question: Mr. President, you've been talking about Democrats cheating. Could you imagine any circumstances under which you would be defeated but not say that the election was stolen?

Donald Trump: Yeah, it was -- if it was a corrupt election, that could happen. But so far, we're doing pretty well. We -- they found a lot of smaller things in Pennsylvania, as you know, and I think they've been corrupted and -- and taken care of. They were -- they were corrupt. They were corrupted and -- but I think it's been taken care.

Question: [Inaudible] [Inaudible] you called -- you called for --

Donald Trump: Go ahead.

Question: You called law enforcement to investigate -- I was going to say, do you anticipate to declare victory on election night?

Donald Trump: I hope that we're going to declare a victory. I mean, they spend all that money on machines. Paper ballots cost you 8 percent of what a machine costs, 8 percent. And it's encrypted paper. It's watermarked paper. It's very secure. Your elections would be over at 10 o'clock. And that's when the -- you could announce something, and there would be no question.

Donald Trump: And we're not talking about more money. We're talking about a tiny fraction of the money if you want paper. Ideally, you want one-day voting. And I think it's just very important. You have to have the country and you have to have voter ID and you -- and you have a great election. And you're talking about 8 percent of the cost.

Donald Trump: It's like very sad when you get machines, you pay all that money, and they talk about three days later. I think we're going to have a big enough victory to maybe have at that night. You should always have it. You know, every night, if you look at France, 38 million votes. At 10 o'clock in the evening, it was over.

Donald Trump: All paper ballots, all voter ID, one-day voting, and it was over. How do you like my garbage truck. This truck is in honor of Kamala and Joe Biden.

Question: President Trump, you -- you asked for law enforcement to investigate in Pennsylvania. If they find no evidence of cheating, will you accept the result if you lose?

Donald Trump: Well, I guess they had quite a few ballots, 2,600 ballots where the same person was signing.

Question: Right. But if they find no evidence of cheating, will you accept the results?

Donald Trump: Of Pennsylvania? Sure. Oh, if they find no evidence of cheating anywhere else, I hope that's going to be the case. Win, lose, or draw, I hope that's going to be the case.

Question: Sir, in Bucks County --

Donald Trump: Now, listen, I have to do something because Brett Favre is a great guy. He just endorsed me. And he's very important at this moment. I mean, you know, he's got -- he's got a little problem for himself, and I thought it was very brave that he came out. And I want to go over and see Brett Favre. We're all going together.

Donald Trump: I assume you're going over. I'm going to make a speech. We're going to then try and beat the weather out because we have some bad weather coming in. But I just wanted to let you know that 250 million people, that's what I think the real number is for making America great again, 250 million, the real number.

Donald Trump: They don't think in terms of garbage, OK? They don't use terms like that, and it's a shame and Joe Biden should be ashamed of himself if he knows what he's even doing. And she should be ashamed because she shouldn't let him do it. She's the vice president, but I assume she's acting as the president. She should never have let that happen.

Donald Trump: I hope you enjoy this garbage truck. Thank you very much.

Unidentified: Thank you, press. Thank you. Thank you, press. Thank you, press. Thank you, press. Thank you. Thank you, press. Thank you, press. Thank you, press. Thank you, press. Let's go. Let's go, guys. Let's go. Come on, let's go. Double time, guys. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. OK. We're good. We're good. Let's go. Let's go.