Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-press-gaggle-benjamin-netanyahu-israel-mar-a-lago-july-26-2024

Donald Trump: Hello, everybody.

Unidentified: Good morning, sir.

Benjamin Netanyahu: Is he here or is he [Inaudible]

Question: Can you tell us what you talked about? Yes.

Donald Trump: Just general. We're friends.

Benjamin Netanyahu: We talked about the hot dogs.

Donald Trump: Talked about what we're having for lunch.

Question: Mr. Prime Minister -- could you tell me, Mr. Prime Minister, how Kamala Harris' remarks yesterday might have impacted negotiations on a ceasefire deal?

Benjamin Netanyahu: Well, we're trying to get one. And I think the -- to the extent that Hamas understands that there's no daylight between Israel and the United States, that expedites the deal. And I would hope that those comments don't change that one.

Question: Mr. President, do you have any reaction to Kamala Harris's remarks yesterday?

Donald Trump: Say again?

Question: Do you have any reaction to Kamala Harris's remarks yesterday after she met with the prime minister?

Donald Trump: No, I have no remarks. She's a radical-left person. San Francisco -- destroyed San Francisco. She's really a destroyer. She doesn't know how to build. And I think her remarks were disrespectful. They weren't very nice, pertaining to Israel. I actually don't know how a person who's Jewish can vote for her, but that's up to them.

Donald Trump: But she was certainly disrespectful to Israel in my opinion.

Question: Mr. Trump, has your relationship with the prime minister repaired at all?

Donald Trump: No. It was never bad. We -- it was -- I would say it was always good. No president has done what I've done for Israel. And we've always had a very good relationship. And if I didn't -- I have a secret weapon. You know what it is? Sara sitting right over here. I have Sara. As long as I have Sara, that's all that matters.

Question: Do you feel like after this trip, Mr. Prime Minister, we're any closer to a ceasefire deal?

Benjamin Netanyahu: I hope so, but I think time will tell. We're certainly eager to have one. And we're working on it.

Question: Are you sending teams to Rome?

Benjamin Netanyahu: Sorry?

Question: Are you sending teams to Rome to continue those negotiations?

Benjamin Netanyahu: Yeah. We are dispatching the team probably in the beginning of the week.

Question: OK. Can you tell us the status of the hostage negotiations?

Benjamin Netanyahu: I think there's been some movement because of the military pressure that we exerted. I hope that there will be sufficient movement to get the deal completed.

Donald Trump: It's a very tough --

Question: Did you talk about --

Donald Trump: It's a very tough situation, the hostages. They have to be given back immediately because there can be no way that they're in good shape. They're, obviously, not being treated properly. And you hope that they're OK, but there are a lot of hostages, I'm sure, that will not be OK. And it's just not an acceptable situation.

Question: Did you guys talk about what your working relationship would look like if you were reelected in November?

Donald Trump: We don't have to. We've had a good relationship. I was very good to Israel, better than any president's ever been. And we did so many, Golan Heights. We did Jerusalem, the capital. We actually built the embassy -- but Jerusalem and the Iran nuclear deal. Unfortunately, the Biden administration didn't do anything.

Donald Trump: We terminated the Iran nuclear deal, which was a tremendous thing, maybe the best thing that I did for Israel. But unfortunately, the Biden administration didn't do anything about it. We could have had a deal one week after the election. We would have had a deal with Iran, and everybody would have been happy.

Donald Trump: But they didn't do anything with it. We had all the cards. Iran was not using terror at all because they didn't have the money under -- under the Trump administration, we gave them no money. They didn't have money. Nobody was buying their oil. And now, they're a rich country. So, it's too bad. But we would have had a deal with Iran, and it would have been a good deal for everybody including Iran, would have been a good deal, but it would have been -- it would have saved the Middle East.

Donald Trump: The Biden administration -- now, she's taken over, and she's worse than him. She's actually worse than him. So, we'll see how it goes. But if it all works out, if we win, it'll be very simple. It's all going to work out and very quickly. If we don't, you're going to end up with major wars in the Middle East and maybe a Third World War. You are closer to a Third World War right now than at any time since the Second World War. You've never been so close because we have incompetent people running our country.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much, everybody.

Unidentified: Thank you, press. Thank you, press. Thank you.