Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-press-gaggle-before-court-day-7-new-york-april-25-2024

Donald Trump: To do a rally. We're going to be doing a rally at Madison Square Garden, we believe. We think we're signing Madison Square Garden to do it. We have a big rally honoring the police and honoring the firemen, everybody. Honoring a lot of people, including teachers, by the way. We're honoring teachers because teachers have been very badly maligned with some very poor leadership.

Donald Trump: But we'll be honoring the people that make New York work, and we'll be doing a number of large rallies. That will be very exciting. But we think we have a real good chance of winning New York. And again, the swing states, we're leading in every one of them and by a lot, not just by a little, by a lot. But the big news today, I think, is the 1.6%. When you look at 1.6 GDP, that's a number that nobody thought was possible.

Donald Trump: That's a real bad number. And it looks like the projections are heading in the wrong direction, and that's why the stock market is down so big today. So, in the meantime, I'm at this trial. My constitutional rights have been taken away from me. But every single expert, every legal scholar, every respected scholar has said this is no case.

Donald Trump: There is no case here. This is just a political witch hunt. Thank you very much.

Question: How are you feeling about the Supreme Court argument, Mr. Trump?

Question: Did you see the argument today?

Donald Trump: I think that the Supreme Court has very important arguments before it today. I would love to have been there, but this judge would not allow that to happen. I should be there, but he wouldn't allow it to happen. I think he puts himself above the Supreme Court, which is unfortunate, isn't it? But the argument on immunity is very important.

Donald Trump: The president has to have immunity. This has nothing to do with me. This has to do with a president in the future, for a hundred years from now. If you don't have immunity, you're not going to do anything. You're going to become a ceremonial president. You're just going to be doing nothing. You're not going to take any of the risks, both good and bad.

Donald Trump: I mean, you're going to make some great decisions and saved the guts and you going to make some decisions which are unfortunate, but that's the way it is. But you're not going to do anything if you don't have immunity because, otherwise, you're going to be prosecuted after you leave office for doing something like going into an area, going into a country, doing lots of things that you wouldn't be doing.

Donald Trump: And we don't want a ceremonial president. We have to have a real president. And assuming you have the right person, that can make a big difference. You saw that for four years when I was president. We were respected all over the world. We had the best economy we've ever had. Everything was good. We had no wars.

Donald Trump: We defeated ISIS. We had no wars. We had no nothing. But we were respected all over the world. And now, it's a -- it's a disgrace. We also, by the way, had the single best border ever in recorded history of our country. We had the best border ever. We built 571 miles of wall. We were going to build 200 more miles, far more than I said we were going to build.

Donald Trump: But we had a country that was respected. And now, we have a country that's a joke. It's being laughed at all over the world. And you have riots at all the universities. The only place that's locked down is this courthouse because they don't want any supporters here. They don't want MAGA here. They don't want anybody here.

Donald Trump: This thing is locked down like a buttoned-up vest, and it shouldn't be. If they did the same lockdown in Columbia, in NYU, and the colleges and universities, you'd have no problem whatsoever. But there, you can put tents up. You can stay as long as you want. But this courthouse is locked down. There's not a person within five blocks.

Donald Trump: They have more police here than -- and I call them New York's finest because that's what they are. And they don't want to be doing this either. They'd like to be straightening out conditions, and they'd like to be at the colleges and making sure that they don't have what's happening because what's happening at the colleges is a disgrace.

Donald Trump: All over the world, people are laughing at us. This is the worst run country right now, probably anywhere, just about. You don't get much worse. We have a president who is a disaster. We have a president who is the worst president in the history of our country. All you have to do is look at the millions of people coming in from prisons, from mental institutions and terrorists.

Donald Trump: They're coming in at levels we've never seen before. So, I'm going to go in now and sit in front of a case. Election interference. This is the way they think they're going to get elected. But I guess, based on what I'm looking at, it's driving up my poll numbers. [Inaudible] Thank you very much.