Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-press-gaggle-after-court-day-6-new-york-april-23-2024

Donald Trump: Well, I think the gag order is totally unconstitutional. Can't even allow articles to be put in. As an example, these are articles that were over the last day and a half. They're very good articles. They say the case is a sham and it shouldn't have been tried. It shouldn't have been submitted. And I don't even know if you're allowed to put them in. We have a gag order, which, to me, is totally unconstitutional.

Donald Trump: I'm not allowed to talk, but people are allowed to talk about me. So, they can talk about me. They can say whatever they want. They can lie. But I'm not allowed to say anything. I just have to sit back and look at why a conflicted judge has ordered me to have a gag order. I don't think anybody's ever seen anything like this.

Donald Trump: I'd love to talk to you, people. I'd love to say everything that's on my mind, but I'm restricted because I have a gag order. And I'm not sure that anybody's ever seen anything like this before. And even having to do with articles, somebody writes an article, if I read every one of these articles in complete, I read some of it, and I look at headlines, all good headlines and the case is a sham, but I can't read the whole thing.

Donald Trump: I'd be reading -- this is like reading a novel. So, I put an article in, and then somebody's name is mentioned somewhere deep in the article, and I end up in violation of a gag order. I think it's a disgrace. It's totally unconstitutional. I don't believe -- it's never -- not to this extent. It never happened before.

Donald Trump: I'm not allowed to defend myself. And yet, other people are allowed to say whatever they want about me. Very, very unfair. Having to do with the schools and the closings, that's Biden's fault. And by the way, this trial is all Biden. You know, this is all Biden, just in case anybody has any question. And they're keeping me in a courtroom that's freezing, by the way, in a courtroom all day long while he's out campaigning.

Donald Trump: That's probably an advantage because he can't campaign. Nobody -- nobody knows what he's doing. He can't put two sentences together. But he's out campaigning -- he's out campaigning, and I'm here in a courtroom, sitting here, giving -- sitting up as straight as I can all day long because you know what? It's a very unfair situation.

Donald Trump: So, we're locked up in a courtroom and this guy is out there campaigning, if you call it campaigning. Every time he opens his mouth, he gets himself into trouble. So, that's the story. I have an unconstitutional gag order by a highly conflicted judge that should recuse himself. Very simple. On the schools, it should have never happened.

Donald Trump: What's going on in this country now should have never happened. But of course, the Ukraine war would have never happened. The Israeli attack would have never happened. Inflation would have never happened. We have the worst president in the history of our country, and he's the one that has this and all these different lawsuits.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.

Question: [Inaudible] the gag order?