Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-press-gaggle-before-marine-one-departure-september-16-2025

Question: Mr. President, Stephen Miran -- Stephen Miran was confirmed. Mr. President --

Donald Trump: I just signed Stephen Miran's commission. So, he is now on the fed. I'm going to call him in a few minutes from the helicopter. And he's a good man; most of you know him, he's very talented. He'll have a big influence on this -- we're too late getting his rates down, I guess. Who knows? You never know we're too late, but he's done a lousy job.

Donald Trump: The rates should be much lower -- much, much lower. But I've just signed his document and all of the papers. And Steve Miran is now on.

Note: [Crosstalk]

Question: A ground offensive is now underway in Gaza City. Your reaction to it.

Donald Trump: Well, we're going to see what happens because I hear Hamas is trying to use the old human shield deal. And if they do that, they're going to be in big trouble. They're going to be in big trouble. They put it out two days ago that they're going to use the hostages as human shields, and that's something that hasn't been done for a long time, you know?

Note: [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: Let me tell you, if they do that, they're in big trouble.

Note: [Crosstalk]

Question: On the Federal Reserve -- do you believe the Federal Reserve is an independent body? What do you think about independent [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: It should be, it should be, but I think they should listen to smart people like me. I think I have a better instinct than him. If you look, all the economists got it wrong. I got it right along with one other -- people out of 100. So, they should listen to people that are smart, nothing wrong with that, but they have to make their own choice, but they should listen.

Note: [Crosstalk]

Question: Before the invasion, did you speak to Prime Minister Netanyahu?

Donald Trump: No, I didn't.

Question: About the idea of Israel beginning this ground offensive in Gaza City? Do you support that?

Donald Trump: Well, I have to see. I mean, I don't know too much about it. I can tell you that if they put the hostages in front of them, Hamas, as protection as -- they call them bodyguards, Hamas is going to have hell to pay.

Note: [Crosstalk]

Question: [Inaudible] trip to the UK -- your trip to the UK today, what do you hope to achieve?

Donald Trump: Well, my relationship is very good with the UK. And Charles, as you know, who is now king, is my friend. And it's the first time this has ever happened where somebody was honored twice, so it's a great honor. And this was at Windsor. They've never used Windsor Castle for this before; they used Buckingham Palace.

Donald Trump: And I don't want to say one's better than the other, but they say Windsor Castle is the ultimate, right. So, it's going to be nice. But basically, I'm there also on trade, they want to see if they can refine the trade deal a little bit. We made a deal and it's a great deal and I'm into helping them. Our country is doing very well.

Donald Trump: We've never done this well. We're making -- we're having trillions of dollars come in because of the tariffs. They'd like to see if they could get a little bit better deal. So, we'll talk to them. But primarily, it's to be with Prince Charles and Camilla. They're friends of mine for a long time, long before he was king.

Donald Trump: And it's an honor to have him as king. And you know, he's a -- I think he represents the country so well. I've watched, he's such an elegant gentleman and he represents the country so well.

Note: [Crosstalk]

Question: Robert Redford passed away today, did you hear about that?

Donald Trump: He did? Wow.

Question: And it was apparently in his sleep at his home.

Donald Trump: Well, that's a good way to go I guess. But I'll tell you, Robert Redford was great. He had a series of years that he was -- there was nobody better. This just happened I guess, huh? Wow.

Question: He died at home in Utah in his sleep. What movie would you say you liked him best in?

Donald Trump: Well, you have a lot of them. Honestly, he made -- I'd say he made seven or eight great movies. They were really great. There was a period of time when he was the hottest. I thought he was great.

Question: On TikTok, if TikTok goes dark, are you going to delay the TikTok ban?

Donald Trump: Well, we have a deal on TikTok. I've reached a deal with China. I'm going to speak to President Xi on Friday to confirm everything up. We made a very good trade deal, and I hope good for both countries, but a very different deal than they've made in the past.

Note: [Crosstalk]

Question: What companies are going to [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: We'll be announcing that. We have a group of very big companies that want to buy it. And you know, the kids wanted it so badly. I had parents calling me up -- they don't want it for themselves; they want it for their kids. They say, if I don't get it done, they're in big trouble with their kids. And I think it's great.

Donald Trump: I hate to see value like that thrown out the window.

Question: So, can I ask you -- so auto executives --

Donald Trump: You know, you're talking about tens of billions of dollars.

Question: Some auto executives are concerned that compromising the 15 percent for auto tariffs coming in hurts American automakers. What do you say to them?

Donald Trump: Well, I haven't compromised anything. Where did I compromise?

Question: Going down to 15 percent.

Note: [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: Going down to 15 percent? We charge --

Note: [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: Well -- and where did the 25 come from? It came from there. You tell me.

Note: [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: Just so you know, they paid nothing for years, now they're paying 15 percent. And some things can pay more like chips can pay more, pharmaceuticals could pay more, you know, there's a bigger margin.

Donald Trump: With a car, you have to make 15 percent before you make a profit. It's pretty tough, so.

Note: [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: But we had a good deal. Don't forget, European Union is paying our country because of tariffs, $950 billion. Think of that. We're talking about a year, $950 billion; Japan is paying us $650 billion. These are companies -- these are countries that paid us nothing until I came along.

Donald Trump: And China is paying us a tremendous tariff. You know what the tariff is, right? You know what the tariff is they're paying us? What?

Question: Yes. So, it's 30 percent for the fentanyl as well as whatever for the 301.

Donald Trump: 20 percent for the fentanyl, but the overall is about 55 percent, OK? That's as opposed to nothing. Would you say that's the difference?

Note: [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: We are -- we have a big decision coming up, and if the Supreme Court rules the way hopefully, they will, because -- I mean, every legal expert said we win that case, but you still have to watch.

Donald Trump: And the Supreme Court's been terrific, you know, I think they're very fair. All I want is fairness and we win, but if we win the Supreme Court case, which is the finalization of tariffs, we will be by far the richest country anywhere in the world. And we'll be able to help our people more and we'll be able to help other countries when we want to. But I will say if we win that case, our country, you see what we've taken in just on a temporary basis.

Donald Trump: We've taken in trillions of dollars, trillions with a T, and we will be by far the richest country in the world. There'll be nothing wrong.

Note: [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: You know one other thing? We'll have tremendous power to negotiate the use of tariffs. I settled seven wars, four of them was because I was able to use tariffs.

Note: [Crosstalk]

Question: Pope Leo, the other day in an interview, criticized the fact that some CEOs make hundreds of times more in salary than average workers. He's worried about polarization. Do you share that concern?

Donald Trump: Well, I do say there's a big gap. I do say that. Don't forget, I'm a popularist. There is a big gap.

Note: [Crosstalk]

Question: Mr. President, it's been a month since Vladimir Putin -- [Inaudible] A month on, do you think that meeting accomplished what you hoped?

Donald Trump: Yeah, I accomplished a lot. But it takes two to tango also. You know, those are two people, Zelenskyy and Putin, that hate each other. And it looks like I have to sit in the room with them because they can't sit in a room together. There's great hatred there. But no, that meeting accomplished a lot.

Question: Mr. President, do you still have complete confidence in Kash Patel? What are you hoping comes from his testimony on the Hill today?

Donald Trump: Well, first of all, I think that Pam Bondi has done an unbelievable job, and everybody agrees with that. And Kash, you know, if you look at -- take a look at what he did with respect to this horrible person that he just captured. He did it in two days. It took other similar cases, four days, five days, four years if you look at certain shooters.

Donald Trump: Now I have confidence in everybody in the administration. My administration, and a lot of people are saying it, not just me, it's so far, the best administration ever formed. You look at our financial people, our country is making a fortune. We have to keep tariffs because our country is -- has become successful because of tariffs.

Donald Trump: We have the case in the Supreme Court; that's a very vital case for the success of our country. It's very vital to negotiate with other countries. And remember, other countries charge US tariffs. That's a very, very big case. And if we win that case, our country will be by far the richest country anywhere in the world.

Donald Trump: And then we can help our people -- we'll get rid of debt, we'll get rid of everything -- we can help our people, and we can even help other countries where they need it.

Question: Mr. President, narcotics in Venezuela -- narcotics in Venezuela. President Maduro in Venezuela said that you're getting ready to invade his country. What is your message to him?

Donald Trump: Well, I would say this right away, stop sending Tren de Aragua into the United States. Stop sending drugs into the United States. We knocked off actually three boats, not two, but you saw two. And the problem is there are very few boats out on the water. There are not a lot of boats out on the water. I can't imagine why, not even fishing boats.

Donald Trump: There's nobody -- nobody wants to go take a fish. So, it's one of those things. But I would say to him very strongly stop sending people from your prisons into our country. They're sending their prisoners. They've done that already. So, the numbers just came out, another month with zero people getting into our country.

Donald Trump: And these are figures with people like you that would like me to do badly. Nobody has ever done on the border like I've done.

Question: What will you tell President Zelenskyy if you meet with him in New York? What will you say?

Donald Trump: Well, he's going to have to get going and make a deal. He's going to have to make a deal. Zelenskyy is going to have to make a deal. And Europe has to stop buying oil from Russia, OK? You know, they talked, but they have to stop buying oil from Russia.

Question: Mr. President,

Note: [Crosstalk]

Question: You are typically regarded to be the wealthiest man who's ever occupied the White House. How much wealthier are you now than when you returned to the White House?

Donald Trump: Well, I don't know if the deals I made for the most part, other than what my kids are doing -- you know, they're running my business. But most of the deals that I've made were made before, and that's what I've done for a life. I build buildings, like I'm building a building here. You know where I'm building?

Donald Trump: You know what? Do you see that area, that is going to be the greatest ballroom anywhere in the world. And for 150 -- so, it gives me pleasure to do it for the country and I'm paying for it. I'm paying for it. The country is not, and that's an expensive ballroom.

Note: [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: I think it will cost $250 million, and it will be, I think, the finest ballroom.

Donald Trump: So, for 150 years, John, you know this, they've wanted a ballroom. And now they're going to finally have it and it's going to knock your socks off.

Question: Can it be appropriate, President Trump, that a president in office should be engaged in so much business activity?

Donald Trump: Well, I'm really not -- my kids are running the business. I'm here. You know what the activity -- where are you from?

Question: I'm from the Australian Broadcasting Corporation Four Corners program.

Donald Trump: Well, the Australians, you're hurting Australia right -- in my opinion, you are hurting Australia very much right now and they want to get along with me. You know, your leader is coming over to see me very soon. I'm going to tell him about you. You set a very bad tone. Go ahead, John. Maybe you can -- you can set a nicer tone.

Note: [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: Quiet.

Question: Mr. President, what are you hearing about the operation in Gaza, the Israeli operation? Are you concerned?

Donald Trump: Well, I'm hearing that they want to go in and I'm also hearing that Hamas wants to take our 20 hostages, plus dead bodies -- you know they have about 32 of them -- and they want to put them in the way of any attack. And nobody's happy about that situation. It came out yesterday, I'm sure you saw that. They want to -- supposedly they've taken the hostages out of deep caves and tunnels and they're bringing them -- putting them on the front line.

Donald Trump: Nobody's heard of that one for a few centuries.

Question: We saw that the UN said that Israel is guilty of genocide and they've committed acts of genocide in Gaza.

Donald Trump: They voted on that?

Question: They have a new report out saying multiple acts of genocide.

Donald Trump: When it comes to a vote, we'll see what happens. That will come to a vote, but we'll see what happens.

Question: And what do you make of Pam Bondi saying she's going to go after hate speech. Is that -- I mean, a lot of people, a lot of your allies say, hate speech is free speech.

Donald Trump: We should probably go after people like you because you treat me so unfairly. It's hate. You have a lot of hate in your heart. Maybe they'll come after ABC.

Note: [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: Well, ABC paid me $16 million recently for a form of hate speech, right? Your company paid me $16 million for a form of hate speech. So, maybe they'll have to go after you.

Donald Trump: Look, we want everything to be fair, it hasn't been fair. And the radical left has done tremendous damage to the country. But we're fixing it. We have right now the hottest country anywhere in the world. And remember, one year ago our country was dead. And now Washington DC is fixed, and I fixed it. The mayor was fine.

Donald Trump: The mayor was just fine, OK? The mayor had the city for many years. She's been mayor for many years. The one that fixed it was me and my people, and it is so safe. You should take your beautiful wife tonight and have dinner down there. You won't be shot, you won't be accosted, you won't even be looked at incorrectly by anybody.

Donald Trump: Washington DC is safe. Now we're going to Memphis where it's pretty rough, to put it mildly. And then we're going to have to go -- a friend of mine who is a big railroader. He stops in all the cities; he knows every city. He said, sir, you have to save Chicago. So, I'm going to go to Chicago early against Pritzker.

Donald Trump: Pritzker's nothing. If Pritzker is smart, he'd say please come in. So, last week, over the last week and a half, 11 people in Chicago were killed, murdered, and 38 were shot. And then Pritzker -- and by the way, this is going on constantly. If they lose less than six or seven people a week with murder, they're doing a great job in their opinion.

Donald Trump: Chicago is a death trap and I'm going to make it just like I did with DC, just like I'll do with Memphis. Now remember this. So, a man comes into my office, one of the biggest businessmen, I'll tell you, he runs Union Pacific. Is that big? Biggest railroad in the world, I guess? And he started off as a railroader.

Donald Trump: He was running a railroad, a little caboose. He was in a caboose, now he runs the whole damn thing. 45 years ago, he started off in a caboose -- I don't know what that's all about -- and he became the top, so that's a good place to start. But he came in, he knows the country intimately, he's looking to do a merger, buy another railroad, the one that had the little problem in East Palestine, right, and they want to buy that railroad, as you know, very public.

Donald Trump: But I sat with him, and I talked -- I said, so, you know every city? Yes, sir, I go into every city, and I have for 45 years. I said where would you go next? He said Saint Louis is in big trouble. He said, but Chicago is a great city. You can save Chicago, sir. Don't let Chicago die. This is the guy telling me with great knowledge.

Donald Trump: He said don't let Chicago die, sir. It's dying, don't let it die. I'm going to Chicago next.

Question: The UAE -- the UAE, Mr. President, what do you think they want when you do a deal with them? [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: Well, I just want something to happen, whether it's federal, state -- and most likely it's going to be state. The question is whether or not we overlap with the federal judge, so they're looking at that. But the state is very competent. The governor is doing a very good job. As you know, they have the death penalty.

Donald Trump: It's a tough death penalty too, as you know. But they have the death penalty. So, as to whether or not we judge, we will be working with them. We may or may not be able to judge.

Question: When it comes to the governor of Utah, what do you make of his overall message of nonviolence?

Donald Trump: Well, I agree with it, I agree 100 percent, but most of the violence is on the left.

Question: He said that social media is a cancer. Do you agree with that? The Utah governor said that social media is a cancer and more people should log off and take some time away.

Donald Trump: Well, it's not a cancer in all respects. In some respects, it's great. But there are segments, there are deep dark holes that are cancerous, absolutely. Beyond cancer, they're death.

Note: [Crosstalk]

Question: The Supreme Court this morning denied Fani Willis's an appeal of your case. What do you think of that case, sir?

Donald Trump: Well, that was a great decision. It was a rigged case to start off with. It's great. The court just ruled that she is a disaster. She's a disaster with her boyfriend, the boyfriend that she paid $1 million for his expertise, but he never did it before. Now she should be prosecuted. She was a -- what she did to people -- forget about me. What Fani Willis did to innocent people, patriots that love our country, what she did to them by indicting them and destroying them, she should be put in jail.

Donald Trump: She's a criminal. Fani Willis is a criminal.

Question: Mr. President, will you apply more pressure to EU and NATO countries not to purchase Russian oil?

Donald Trump: I do. But here's the problem. You know the problem. They're purchasing Russian oil. I don't want them purchasing Russian oil and they've got to stop immediately. Not fair to us. They're purchasing Russian oil, and we have to, you know, do things. Now, the nice part, we don't -- it doesn't cost us anything anymore.

Donald Trump: You know that. They're paying -- they are buying everything from us. Unlike Biden who gave away $350 billion, we actually make money. But I don't want to make money. You know what I want? I want that war to stop because last week 7,018 people got killed.

Note: [Crosstalk]

Question: Was targeted today, just now. You announced 70 [Inaudible] in Ukraine two months ago.

Donald Trump: Where are you from?

Question: Ukraine. Will they come and do you know when they will come? The Patriots, you announced 70 Patriots to Ukraine two months ago.

Donald Trump: Let me just tell you, I love Ukraine. I love the people of Ukraine. That's why I asked. I thought that was a little Ukrainian accent, but the country is in serious trouble. It should have never happened. It's a war that should have never happened. The country is in very serious trouble, but I'm going to get it stopped.

Donald Trump: I've done seven, seven countries. I've stopped seven wars in the last eight months. I thought that would have been the easiest because I know Putin. But it's not because there's tremendous hatred between Zelenskyy and Putin -- tremendous hatred between Zelenskyy and Putin, but we're going to get it stopped.

Question: How soon will you go to the Supreme Court to stop Lisa Cook?