Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-press-gaggle-air-force-one-may-4-2025

Donald Trump: Hello everybody.

Question: Good evening, sir.

Donald Trump: Nice plane. Everyone have a good time. We'll be back in Washington soon. We have a lot of good news to report and, uh, you'll be hearing about it, probably not now, but you'll be hearing about it. We've had some good things coming out of the many war zones that were created by Biden and the group of incompetent people.

Donald Trump: But I think we have some pretty good news. So talk about that later or tomorrow. Any questions?

Question: Any plans to speak with President Xi this week?

Donald Trump: No, no plans to speak to him, but, uh, China and our people are talking about different things. Yeah.

Question: Why did you decide to move Waltz out of the position as National Security Advisor?

Donald Trump: I actually think it's a, uh, higher position if you wanna know the truth. I think it's an upgrade. I think moving him there is an upgrade.

Question: Sir, during the NewsNation town hall you said that you didn't make any mistakes in your first 100 days. Was appointing Waltz as National Security Advisor a mistake?

Donald Trump: No, it's irrelevant. It's not a mistake Or not a mistake. It's not a big deal.

Question: So what made you lose confidence in him?

Donald Trump: He, he was fine. And, and uh, where he is, he'll do a good job. I don't consider that --

Question: What made you lose confidence in him?

Donald Trump: I didn't lose confidence in him.

Question: So what was the --

Donald Trump: Why did I lose confidence? He's going to the United Nations repre- -- to me, I think it's, personally, if I had a choice for myself of doing, I'd rather have that job than the other.

Question: Did he resign on his own or did you --

Donald Trump: He didn't resign. He didn't resign.

Question: So what was the --

Donald Trump: I just moved him. There's no resignation.

Question: Mr. President --

Donald Trump: You people are so bad.

Question: Mr, President --

Donald Trump: You're trying to make a big deal outta something that's not. You are so bad. That's why nobody watches you anymore. Who are you with?

Question: Mr. President --

Donald Trump: Who are you with?

Question: Mr. President --

Donald Trump: You're with who?

Question: Hearst TV.

Donald Trump: Hearst, I didn't know there was such a thing.

Question: Mr. President, [Inaudible] any trade deals coming this week?

Donald Trump: Uh, it could very well be.

Question: Can you tell us more about them?

Donald Trump: Nobody understands. We're negotiating with many countries, but at the end of this, I'll set my own deals because I set the deal. They don't set the deal. I send the deal.

Question: Mr. President --

Donald Trump: They've been ripping us off for years. I set the deal.

Question: Sir --

Donald Trump: Every country, almost without fail, friend and foe, has been ripping us off for years. So we're meeting with almost all of them, including China. And at the end I'm setting the deal. They keep saying, "When are you gonna -- " This is not like a big deal that's gonna be signed. In some cases we'll sign. But we don't have to sign them.

Donald Trump: I'm gonna be setting the deal. I'll be setting a tariff. You keep asking the same question. Uh, when will you agree? It's up to me. It's not up to them. It's up to me. Now they don't have to deal with us, which is okay 'cause we lost under Biden, we're losing $5 billion a day. Think of it, $5 billion a day.

Donald Trump: Now we're not dealing with China at all because the tariff is so high that they basically can't deal. And because of that we're saving, uh, billions of dollars. Yeah, but just, and I'm not saying this to be a wise guy with you, to be mean, I don't wanna be mean to you, you're, you know, a good professional.

Donald Trump: But you do keep asking me that same question. It's not like we're gonna sit down in an ivory room and we're gonna just, he's gonna say -- There'll be some of that, very little. I [Inaudible] see a lot of it. At some point in the next two weeks or three weeks, I'm gonna be setting the deal. I'm gonna say that such and such a country has had a tremendous trade surplus surplus their way with us. Uh, they've taken advantage of us in various ways.

Donald Trump: And uh, we fully understand what they were doing. We, we were being led by people that were not very smart, that were able to be taken advantage of. But I can't be taken advantage of. So at some, at a certain point, I'll be just setting a certain tariff number.

Question: President Trump, on PEPFAR, sir --

Donald Trump: Say it?

Question: PEPFAR uh, AIDs tre- -- AIDs treatment in Africa. On PEPFAR, there's a waiver in place but people are saying to my colleagues that they're still not getting medicines and UN aid --

Donald Trump: Well, that shouldn't be happening. But the other thing, uh, other countries should be helping us with that. And I'm a big fan of getting that solved. But you know, we're the only country. Where are the other countries? Where is France? Where is Germany? Where are these other countries? Nobody does anything but the United States.

Donald Trump: And we spent, you know, billions and billions of dollars. So they should be helping also. But as you know, we did a waiver. You know that, right?

Question: Right. But they're still not --

Donald Trump: Well, I can't help that because if we did a waiver, then you have to get your people to act properly in the waiver. But I do ask why are we the only country doing it?

Question: Mr. President, what's your -- what's your timeline on the rest of your judicial nominations? What's your criteria for --

Donald Trump: Which nominations?

Question: The future judicial nominations for federal judge positions.

Donald Trump: Well, we're putting 'em in rapidly. We're trying to get very good ones. I mean, we need judges that are not gonna be demanding trials for every single illegal immigrant. We have millions of people that have come in here illegally and we can't have a trial for every single person. That would be millions of trials.

Donald Trump: The people elected me in a landslide with every single -- We won every swing set. We won everything there is to win by big numbers. Not only swing states, we won the popular vote by millions of votes. They elected me. This was their number one issue. But now we have judges that are radicalized and they're, they're crazy, because they want us to have, if you believe this, they want us to have a trial for every person that came in illegally into our country.

Donald Trump: So they come into our country illegally. And then we're supposed to take weeks, I guess and months to have a trial on every criminal. And we have murderers all over the country. I don't think the Supreme Court will stand for that. I can't believe it. 'Cause you know what? If they do, we're not gonna have a country.

Note: [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: Go ahead.

Question: How will you make sure that the judges that you appoint are different than that?

Donald Trump: All you can do is do the best you can. You know, you, you try and appoint the best people to being judges or anything else that you appoint. But so far, you know, we've been very disappointed with the decisions that come out and mostly from the people appointed by others that may -- But it's just so hard to believe that you have a murderer, many, you know, we have 11,888 or whatever the number is. We have thousands of murderers in this country.

Donald Trump: We're getting them out and they say, "We don't want 'em out. We want 'em to stay in our country until they have a trial." Trials take years. They take years. It's so crazy. We won't have a country left. We can't have that happen.

Question: Is there any update on --

Donald Trump: Who are you with?

Question: The Wall Street Journal.

Donald Trump: That's right. Well you, you people treat us so badly. Wall Street Journal has truly gone to hell. Go ahead. It's a rotten newspaper. You heard me, what I said? It's a rotten newspaper.

Question: I heard.

Question: Are there any updates on talks with Vladimir Putin?

Donald Trump: Uh, I wouldn't tell The Wall Street Journal because it'd be wasting my time. Uh, there are talks, but I, I don't wanna talk to the Wall Street Journal. But look, Wall Street Journal is China-oriented and they're really bad for this country. Go ahead.

Question: You say you wanna fair deal with China. What is it you really want? What does a fair deal look like?

Donald Trump: Well, you know, I want a fair deal with China, but China's been ripping us off for many years. So maybe something should be thought about, you know, a little bit of retribution. China's been ripping us off for many years, ever since they started. To me, I think it was the worst thing that Richard Nixon ever did.

Question: Is there enough --

Donald Trump: And it was Nixon. You know, he's the one that got it started. And they've taken advantage of --

Question: Is there a different number you want to see?

Donald Trump: No.

Question: Mexico's president is claiming that you offered to send U.S. troops into Mexico and she said she didn't want them in Mexico. Is that true? Can you tell us about those conversations?

Donald Trump: So Mexico is saying that I offered to send US troops into Mexico to take care of the cartels. She wants to know, is that true? Do you think I'm gonna answer that question?

Question: That's why I'm asking.

Donald Trump: I will answer it. It's true.

Question: Why would you do that?

Donald Trump: Because they should be. They are horrible people that have been killing people left and right, that have been -- they've made a fortune on selling drugs and destroying our people. We've lost 300,000 people last year to fentanyl and drugs. Uh, they're bad news. Yeah, that's true. If Mexico wanted help with the cartels, we would be honored to go in and do it. I told her that I would be honored to go in and do it. The cartels have tried to destroy our country.

Donald Trump: They're evil. And, you know, we had 300,000 people die last year from fentanyl and all that. We had hundreds -- we had billions of people brought into this country that shouldn't be here. The cartels brought 'em in. So if she said that I offered to do that, she's 100% right.

Question: But are you disappointed that she denied that request? That she doesn't want --

Donald Trump: Well, she's so afraid of the cartels she can't walk. So, you know, that's the reasons. And I think she's a lovely woman, but -- The president of Mexico is a lovely woman, but she is so afraid of the cartels that she can't even think straight.

Question: Sir, on Friday you told Kristen Welker that maybe, uh, little girls [Inaudible] 35 dolls. Maybe they just --

Donald Trump: Uh, lis -- listen. What a -- what a -- All I'm saying is that, that you don't -- that a, uh, young lady, a ten-year-old girl, nine-year-old girl, a fifteen-year-old girl doesn't need 37 dolls. She could be very happy with two or three or four or five. I would -- I would -- Let's not waste a lot of time on a stupid question.

Donald Trump: What else?

Question: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: Well, if that -- I don't know about it, but I'm honored if that's the case. If they're gonna name a road after me, if that's the case, uh, I'm honored. Thank you [Inaudible]. Go ahead.

Question: [Inaudible] considered to be the permanent National Security Advisor.

Donald Trump: Well, I have a lot of people that want the job, I can tell you. It's, uh -- I mean, a -- a lot of people say it really works in with what Marco's doing, but, uh, we have a lot of people. I'm gonna be naming someone, but we -- we'll make an a --

Question: What's your timeline on that?

Donald Trump: Uh, I would say within six months.

Question: Would you like [Inaudible]?

Donald Trump: He would do the job permanently, but I don't -- I think it's -- You know, it's an appropriate job.

Question: Are you considering Stephen Miller and -- are you considering Stephen Miller for that position?

Donald Trump: Stephen Miller's at the top of the totem pole. I mean, I think he sort of indirectly already has that job. You understand, because he has a lot to say about a lot of things.

Question: Yeah.

Donald Trump: He's a very valued, uh, person in the administration, Stephen Miller.

Question: As we've reached 100 days, what do you see as your main agenda items for the next 100 days?

Donald Trump: I think we have the greatest 100 days in the history of our country for that administration. I think we've done more. Uh, we've gotten rid of woke. We're strengthening up our military. Think of it. Six months ago, we had the worst, uh, numbers in the history of our military for joining up -- joining our military.

Donald Trump: Not police. Now we have the best numbers we've ever had. Just think of that. It's not even possible. Inflation's down. All costs are down. Everything is down other than, as Tristan said, the, uh, thing that you carry the babies around in. But that's up 3%. Uh, energy's down. Gas leans down. Nobody's ever seen anything -- far ahead of schedule.

Donald Trump: So people that were paying a lot for groceries, they're paying a lot less. And, uh, interest rates are even down. You know, we have a very stubborn Fed, but Mitch -- I mean, Fitch and [Inaudible], uh, that's, that's okay, but interest rates are down, mortgage rates are down. Been pretty amazing. So we've done, I think -- I -- I don't think there's ever been a better opening 100 days.

Donald Trump: We have a lot of fake polls when they interview Democrats, not Republicans, but, uh, beating more Democrats. I had a pollster that said to me -- A legitimate pollster, John McLaughlin, top person. He said he's never seen polls that were so fake before where they overweigh the Democrats. And I only bring that up because I think it's something that should be said.

Donald Trump: It's a -- it's a shame how dishonest the media is. The media is corrupt and they're dishonest, and they're so bad for our country. Thank you very much, everybody. Thank you.

Question: What's your --