Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-press-gaggle-gop-governors-mar-a-lago-january-9-2025

Donald Trump: So, it's an honor to have the press. And these are people that aren't timid. They're not afraid of the press. If you'd like to ask a couple of questions, you may. We had a very beautiful day celebrating a very nice man, a good man, a great humanitarian, Jimmy Carter, funeral. And I thought it was a beautiful service, and it went very well.

Donald Trump: And we had some very good victories today as you probably heard. Go ahead. Any questions, Peter?

Question: Yes, President Trump. Just a few minutes ago, the Supreme Court ruled that they are not going to slow down the sentencing. It's on for tomorrow. Now what?

Donald Trump: Well, they called for an appeal. And as you know, they acknowledge what the judge said about no penalty, and there is really -- there is no penalty. But we're going to appeal anyway just psychologically because, frankly, it's a disgrace. It's a judge that shouldn't have been on the case. He's a highly conflicted judge.

Donald Trump: And -- and they called for an appeal. So, I read it, and I thought it was a fair decision, actually. So, I'll do my little thing tomorrow. They can have fun with their political opponent. As you know, I'm under a gag order from a judge. This is the first. This was an attack of a political opponent. And if you take a look at it -- I'm not supposed to be talking about it, so I won't. I'm the first president and probably one of the first candidates in history that's under attack with a gag order where I'm not allowed to speak about something.

Donald Trump: And they ought to find out what that's all about. And this is a long way from finished. And I respect the court's opinion. It was a -- I think it was actually a very good opinion for us because you saw what they said. But they invited the appeal, and the appeal is on the bigger issue. So, we'll see how it all works out.

Donald Trump: I think it's going to work out well, we beat Jack Smith, he's back, I hope -- at The Hague, but I don't think he should be there either. He puts people in very bad positions like giving people death penalties. I will tell you, he is a disgrace. We want all of those cases. We won most of the other cases, or they're limping along.

Donald Trump: We've had a lot of lawfare. These are all people that understand what's going on here very badly. This was an attack on the Republican Party. This was an attack on the Republican candidate who just won an election by record numbers, the highest number of Republican votes by far ever gotten. And we won all swing states, seven swing states.

Donald Trump: We won the popular vote by millions of people. And this is a -- that was the real vote. And I said it a long time ago. The real vote is that -- and they tried to stop that from happening. They tried to stop this election from happening, or to bloody somebody up so badly, they couldn't win. And the people got it. And again, we won by the largest number.

Donald Trump: Nobody's ever seen anything like that. It was conclusive. It was a massive -- they say the most consequential election in 129 years. And this is -- and these people -- the people know everything -- everything that you're asking, they've been studying this for two years as it went along. And hopefully, it will never happen again, an attack on a political opponent.

Donald Trump: So, Peter, we'll be appealing the decision. They're asking for an appeal. And that's on the fact on what's going to happen much more importantly than tomorrow.

Question: Off the top, you mentioned the Carter funeral today. What were you talking to Barack Obama about?

Donald Trump: It did look very friendly, I must say. I didn't realize it -- I didn't realize it, how friendly it looked. I saw it on your wonderful network just a little while ago before I came in. And I said, "Boy, they look like two people that like each other." And we probably do. We have little different philosophies, right?

Donald Trump: But we probably do. I don't know, we just got along. But I got along with just about everybody on that. We -- you know, we met backstage, as you know, before we went on. And I thought it was a beautiful service. But we all got along very well, which is good.

Question: In California, what specifically do you think Gavin Newsom and Karen Bass could have done differently to prepare for this $50 billion fire?

Donald Trump: You know, we have great governors in this room. And if you look at the way their states -- I think I can say, without exception. Anybody doing poorly in here? I don't think so. I mean, without exception, we have great governors here that have done a great job with their states. And I don't think -- and you'll probably -- if anybody -- if there's a weak link, you're going to find it, and you're going to be asking the next question for that person.

Donald Trump: Gavin Newsom had an opportunity to have millions of gallons a week, a day, millions and millions of gallons come down from the north. And I was able to get them federal approval from that from -- actually from the Department of Commerce of all departments. I didn't realize it would go through commerce. I would have thought environmental.

Donald Trump: But it goes through commerce. I got all of the approvals. And he said, "I don't want to sign it. I don't want the water. We don't need the water." I said, "You need the water. Your reservoirs are empty. The whole place -- you need the water." That was five years ago. And I had it all done. The work was all done.

Donald Trump: We sent it to him. He refused to sign it. And if you notice, yesterday, the hydrants were empty. They didn't have any water, many of them. They said 20 percent. But now, I just heard 50 percent. And now, none of them have water and that fire is still raging. When he turned that down, I was going to give him unlimited water.

Donald Trump: It would come down -- it really comes down from the north, way up north, including parts of Canada. It's so much water that they wouldn't know what to do with. Just the opposite would have happened. And that's the reason that this happened. He wouldn't do what we wanted -- and we're going to force that upon him now.

Donald Trump: But it's very late because I think it's one of the great catastrophes in the -- in the history of our nation. This is not just in Los Angeles. I've never seen anything like that devastation. And we're talking about homes that cost $200 million, $300 million, $400 million. Nobody's ever seen anything like it. People that -- and very influential people worldwide.

Donald Trump: I don't know that they ever go back either because, you know, they weren't happy with California. They weren't happy with Gavin Newsom. They weren't happy with their whole lifestyle there with the crime being out of control, all the other problems. They were not happy. And it's going to be very interesting to see whether or not they're going to build, or whether somebody else is going to build and -- and build a much lesser home.

Donald Trump: These were the most expensive homes outside of Palm Beach County. I see a list outside of Palm Beach. These were the most expensive homes anywhere in the world. And I don't think -- I think a lot of them are just not going to go back and build it. Plus, they don't want to be part of a construction site. They don't want to -- they're building a home.

Donald Trump: Another one is building a -- they're building in front of them, behind them, alongside of them. So, I think it's a tragedy. I think it's an incredible tragedy. It's also a tragedy for a tax base, and the governors know exactly what I'm talking. And I'd like to hear anybody talk about that. But if you're the governor of a state, and you lose -- you lose thousands of very rich people that were paying a lot of taxes and weren't happy about it and weren't happy about what's happened to California, which has all the advantages of greatness, but they've had horrible politicians.

Donald Trump: I think that Gavin is largely incompetent, and I think the mayor is largely incompetent. And probably, both of them are just stone-cold incompetent. What they've done is terrible. Would anybody have a comment on that? Because when you talk about losing the tax base, that's -- you're losing a lot of -- you're going to lose a lot of those people permanently.

Donald Trump: And those people pay billions of dollars in taxes. Governor, what about you?

Jeff Landry: We've got some great property in Louisiana.

Donald Trump: Yeah, well, they'll be -- they'll be moving to a lot of your states. They'll be moving to Florida, I can tell you. I know that. But they're going to be moving to -- you're going to pick up a lot, Texas. So, it's a rough situation. I've never seen -- I think it's one of the great catastrophes in the history of our country, not even believable.

Question: President Biden's term is almost over. Before he goes, there's talk that he might trade a GITMO al-Qaida detainee, Muhammad Rahim, for three American hostages held by the Taliban. Should he do that?

Donald Trump: Well, I haven't looked at it. I will be looking at it. They're showing me tomorrow morning. They're showing me that there is a trade on. The trades, I have not been in favor of the trades they've made. But I'll be taking a look tomorrow. We'll announce something tomorrow.

Question: Don Jr. and some of your team just got back from Greenland. What's the price tag?

Donald Trump: Well, maybe no price tag. You know, look, we're going to have to see what happens because Denmark -- we need this for national security. We need Greenland very badly. You look at, you know, the Russian ships, the China ships, they're all over the place. They're, you know, surrounding -- now, they have for a long time.

Donald Trump: It's a lane. But we need that for national security. So, I don't know that Denmark has any right title and interest, and we're going to find that out. But I can tell you. You saw the clips that were released. The people of Greenland would love to become a state of the United States of America. I -- we were greeted with tremendous love and affection and respect.

Donald Trump: The people would like to be a part of the United States. Now, Denmark maybe doesn't like it, but then we can't be too happy with Denmark. And maybe things have to happen with respect to Denmark having to do with tariffs. Because they have to do this, I think, for the free world. We need that to protect the free world.

Donald Trump: It's very important and getting more important every year.

Question: When you were with other Republican senators yesterday in Washington, which of your nominees do they think are going to have the hardest time getting confirmed?

Donald Trump: So, we had a great meeting with almost every senator, Republican senator. And I would say that -- first of all, it was a love fest. It was -- this is a love fest, too, I believe. I'll let you know in about an hour. But this is pretty much a love fest. I mean, the governors aren't exactly chopped liver, right?

Donald Trump: This is a group of people that have done a phenomenal job, and especially when you see what's going on in Los Angeles and all. You look at the -- the way they've run their states, it's incredible. I talk about it all the time, the top 25 states. And I don't believe we have any in the list of crime. So, every one of them is a Democrat-run state.

Donald Trump: We want to get along with the Democrats. I'm trying to be nice. We're going into a new term. It's going to be a great time for them. I'm going to call it the golden age. I believe we have a chance at the golden age of America. But I have to tell you, you look at the crime, it's all on the shoulders of Democrats and the way they run their states.

Donald Trump: And if these people ran those states, same people, same everything, but you put these people in those states, you wouldn't have crime like that at all.

Question: We've been watching over the last couple of couple of weeks, a lot of CEOs, including some who censored you four years ago, have been coming down here basically to kiss the ring. Did they change, or did you change?

Donald Trump: Well, maybe we all changed. I think they've gained a lot of respect. I think they looked at the mandate that we got. As you know, we won the popular vote. As I said, we won the -- all seven swing states. They said, "Well, if Trump would win --" you know, I did -- I had to win three because I had a lot of early voting going on, and we had to win three.

Donald Trump: And we won all seven, and we won them by a lot. We didn't win them by a little. We won them by a lot, and we won the popular vote by a lot. I think that had an effect. I also think it's like let's get something done. You look at what happened with Facebook today and yesterday, what they announced. That was a big concession from them.

Donald Trump: I mean, they went from the -- I call them the unlocked boxes. They call them locked boxes, I call them the unlocked boxes because they seem to be unlocked a lot of times. But you went from the unlocked boxes into a statement yesterday that's really talking about free speech. What a difference that is. And so, we appreciate that.

Donald Trump: But I think they've gained a lot of respect. We've had everybody. Jeff Bezos came, Bill Gates came, Mark Zuckerberg came. Many of them came numerous times. The bankers have all come. Everybody is coming. I haven't had anybody saying anything bad about me. I'm not used to it. But a lot of it is respect. I think they respect the Republican Party.

Donald Trump: The Republican Party has become a much bigger party. It's become a party for the worker. You know, if you look at all of the union votes that I got. And when I say I, it's really all of us together because it's a whole thing. But we won the Teamsters. We did great with the autoworkers. We did, you know, all heavily union.

Donald Trump: And nonunion states, we won by a lot. Florida is an example. We won by millions of votes, the highest vote ever gotten. And so, it's been -- it's been a great period of time.

Question: A ton of world leaders have called you as well. We understand, still no call with Putin. Is that a day one or week one call you want to have?

Donald Trump: He wants to -- he wants to meet. And we're going to -- we're setting it up. President Xi, we've had a lot of communication. And we have a lot of meetings set up with a lot of people. Some have come, but I'd rather wait till after the 20th.

Question: And when you say meet with Putin or meet with Xi, do you guys want to have some kind of a summit, or are they going to come here?

Donald Trump: To be determined. But President Putin wants to meet. He said that even publicly. And we have to get that war over with. That's a bloody mess. Soldiers are being killed by the millions. I looked at some very graphic pictures yesterday, the soldiers that are being killed. You know, it's a flat field. The only thing that stops a bullet is a body.

Donald Trump: These -- these are very -- it's a very, very flat land. And the soldiers are fighting, and they are dying by the hundreds of thousands. And not to mention the towns and the cities which are, you know, largely demolished, and there are a lot of people in there. But the big surprise, and it's going to be a very unpleasant surprise is how many people were killed in that war.

Donald Trump: It's much higher than the press is reporting. You know, when a building comes down, these are big buildings at two and three blocks long, different kind of construction. It's very long and not that tall in many cases, but they're 20 storeys. But when a building like that comes down and they say nobody was injured, no, no, a lot of people were killed.

Donald Trump: I think the numbers are going to be much higher. And that's a war that would have never happened if I were president, and it's a war that I'm going to try really to stop as quickly as I can. The number of people dying on a daily basis, and I get the reports every single day, and largely soldiers at this point.

Donald Trump: But the number of people, both Russia and Ukraine, it's -- it's staggering.

Question: When you threaten tariffs on Canada a couple of weeks ago, Justin Trudeau rushed down here. He wanted to make nice. Now, he's on the way out. Is that what you wanted?

Donald Trump: I didn't think he was going to quit. He probably saw the numbers. Look, I called him Governor Trudeau because they should be the 51st state really. It would make a great state. And the people of Canada like it. They pay lower taxes. They have virtually no military. They have a very small military. They pay less than 1 percent.

Donald Trump: They're about the lowest payer in NATO. They're supposed to pay much more. They haven't been paying. A lot of -- they have a lot of problems. And they -- I was with Wayne Gretzky. I said, "Wayne, would you like to be the governor of Canada?" I can't imagine -- I can't imagine anybody doing any better than Wayne.

Donald Trump: Wayne was not too interested, but -- but I think he probably would have liked statehood. He's a friend of mine. He's a great guy. He's the great one. We call him the great one, right? He's a great hockey player. But I will say this, I think that there's -- you know, it was -- it was stated pretty strongly a couple of weeks ago about Canada, and people laughed and they -- and now, they're all saying, "Well, it's very interesting." And I say from the standpoint of the United States, we're subsidizing Canada $200 billion and $250 billion a year.

Donald Trump: We have massive deficits. They've taken about 20 percent of our car business. I'd rather do it here. We could put tariffs on -- we don't have tariffs on them yet, but they will -- that will happen. But they've taken about 20 percent of our car business. I'd rather have it done in Detroit or have it done in South Carolina or any other state that does cars, and we have a lot of them.

Donald Trump: We don't need Canada for that. We don't need Canada for lumber because we have big forests that we have, you know, not utilized. In some cases, they're protected, which I can take that protection off. And you take down a tree and you grow a better tree. And that's, you know, pretty common. But we don't need anything.

Donald Trump: We don't need their fuel, we don't need their energy, we don't need their oil and gas. We don't need anything that they have. And I said to Trudeau, I said, "Why -- why are we -- why are we subsidizing you $200 billion to $250 billion a year?" He said, "I really don't know." And I said, "Well, I don't know either." I said, "What would happen to Canada if we didn't?" He said, "Canada would be obliterated if that happened." I said, "Then, Canada should be our 51st state." And that's where we are now.

Question: A story that kind of disappeared very suddenly, do you have any idea what ever happened to the drones?

Donald Trump: What happened to the drones?

Question: Well, you said that you knew that -- you thought the government knew what was happening with these drones over New Jersey. There were some by Bedminster.

Donald Trump: I don't know, they were over Bedminster a lot, so I can imagine -- I'm going to give you a report on drones about one day into the administration because I think it's ridiculous that they're not telling you about what's going on with the drones. And it's not only with me. Glenn was telling me today that, in Virginia, they have drones all over the place, too, and nobody's reporting it. I don't know why they're not.

Donald Trump: Do you want to say something about this?

Glenn Youngkin: Just -- just one quick comment, which is we are home to the largest naval base in the world in Quantico, and we house a lot of the Seal teams and have a huge national security infrastructure. And now, for two years running, we have had drone incursion over secure airspace, and we still don't know why. And I think that's absolutely unacceptable.

Glenn Youngkin: And I think President Trump and the new leadership coming in, I think we'll work diligently to understand who's behind this and what we do in order to stop the digital surveillance of all of our secure infrastructure.

Question: Is it dangerous?

Jeff Landry: Well, I can tell you, it is. While we were dealing with a terrorist attack in New Orleans, we had drones being flown over our nuclear reactors in Louisiana. And we brought that attention to the FAA. We've been asking the FAA to give these states the ability to mitigate these drones, and it's sitting on some bureaucrat's desk.

Jeff Landry: And that's real.

Donald Trump: Nobody knows. They don't want to talk about it. Go ahead, Governor, you're going to say?

Mark Gordon: Well, I was just going to say, we have drones in Wyoming flying over our infrastructure as well. And it's incredibly frustrating that we not only have no way of knowing what it is, but nobody knows how to deal with them.

Donald Trump: They don't want to talk about it, and nobody knows why. They don't want to talk about it. That could be us sending drones. I hope that's the case, us doing it and doing research, and maybe they don't want to talk about it from that standpoint. I hope it's not an enemy. But we're going to find out on the 21st, the day after.

Donald Trump: You have to give me a little time for the inauguration. But shortly thereafter, we'll give you a report on it. We'll tell you exactly what it is. They know, and it's very strange that they aren't talking about it. Peter, thank you very much. Does Biden do -- I mean, does he do this kind of a news conference?

Question: This is -- this is my longest-ever interview of a president.

Donald Trump: Yeah, well, the longest ever before this was one question, and -- and they would rush you out of the room, right? But we have -- we have nothing to hide. Thank you all very much. Thank you. Thank you.