Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-press-gaggle-after-air-force-one-arrival-september-26-2025

Donald Trump: Hello everybody. This is Bruce Blakeman. He's the boss out here. He's done a phenomenal job. He has my complete and total endorsement and, uh, he's really a great guy. So I just want to thank him for meeting me at the plane. The team -- the team is not doing so well. So when I heard that, I said, let's get on the plane.

Donald Trump: We have to fly and help them. Uh, they've lost three matches and they're tied in one. So that's no so well, but we'll get it -- we'll get it done. One way or the other, we'll get it done. Any questions?

Question: Mr. President, are you looking forward to watching the matches today? Will you give a pep talk to Team USA?

Donald Trump: Yeah, I'll be Knute Rockne. You know, I went with Randy Levine two weeks ago, right? Were you there?

Question: Yeah.

Donald Trump: For the Yankees. And with the Steinbrenner family, it looked like they weren't going to make the playoffs. And since then, they've been hot and they're now in first place.

Donald Trump: And Aaron Judge went on a spree. He's been on a spree since I went. So, we'll do the same thing over here. It's true. The Yankees now are in first place, and they were having a hard time even making the playoffs.

Donald Trump: What was that, 11 or 12 days ago, right? Was -- was anybody there? Were you there? Yes? They were. That's great. We have to do the same thing over here, but I think -- I think we'll be okay.

Donald Trump: Look, all great golfers, both teams. I know most of them and they're great golfers. So we'll have alot of fun. Any other questions?

Note: [Crosstalk]

Question: Last night -- last night when you announced that companies should re-shore in the US --

Donald Trump: Yes.

Question: -- have you heard from any additional companies since then about coming back?

Note: [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: Yeah, a lot -- a lot of companies are moving into the US so they don't have to pay tariffs.

Donald Trump: If we didn't have that, they wouldn't do it. But they are moving in where -- he knows, because they are moving into your territory. But, uh, a lot of companies are moving into the US in order not to pay tariffs. And I think because they like the election on November 5th. Right, Bruce?

Bruce Blakeman: He's doing an amazing job. His strength has brought incredible prosperity and he's incredibly popular here in New York state, and especially in Nassau County. And we're blessed to have you here, Mr. President. Thank you so much. And you are going to bring them strength and luck to our team and we will win.

Donald Trump: We better.

Bruce Blakeman: We better.

Donald Trump: Thank you. Thank you very much. Have a good time everybody.