Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-press-gaggle-air-force-one-arrival-february-16-2025

Donald Trump: So, Daytona was fantastic. The crowd was amazing. The people loved that sport, and there are wonderful people that run it. And they had a little rain delay, but we'll go home and watch it, I guess, or some of you will. And others will try and create peace throughout the world. Do you have any questions, please?

Question: Sir, did you speak to Secretary Rubio this morning?

Donald Trump: I did.

Question: What is the latest with the negotiations in Saudi Arabia? What's he's making?

Donald Trump: We're moving along. We're trying to get peace with Russia, Ukraine, and we're working very hard on it. It's a war that should have never started.

Question: Do you expect -- do you expect Zelenskyy to be involved in these conversations? What will his role be?

Donald Trump: Yeah, I do. I do. He will be involved. Yes.

Question: Mr. President, would you allow Europeans to buy US-made weapons for Ukrainians?

Donald Trump: Yeah, I would.

Question: Sir, Zelenskyy said today that Russia is going to wage war on NATO. Do you -- do you agree with that? Do you have any concerns about --

Donald Trump: No, I don't agree. I don't agree. Not even -- not even a little bit.

Question: Vice President Vance said that the United States would potentially take military action against Russia if they won't come to an agreement. Do you agree with that stance?

Donald Trump: I don't know if that's what he said. I don't think he said that.

Question: Sir, based on your conversation -- based on your conversations with President Putin, what do you think he wants ultimately in Ukraine?

Donald Trump: I think he wants to stop fighting. I see that. We spoke long and hard. Steve Witkoff was with him for a very extended period, like about three hours. I think he wants to stop fighting. They have a big powerful machine. You understand that. And they defeated Hitler and they defeated Napoleon. You know, they've been fighting a long time.

Donald Trump: They've done it before. And -- but I think he'd like to -- I think he would like to stop fighting.

Question: Do you think he wants all of Ukraine or just -- like what do you think he wants [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: No, I think he wants to stop. That was my question to him. Because if he's going to go on, that would have been a big problem for us and that would have caused me a big problem because you just can't let that happen. I think he wants to end it, and they want to end it fast, both of them. And Zelenskyy wants to end it, too.

Question: Sir, when do you think that could actually happen? When do you think the fighting has stopped?

Donald Trump: Well, we're working to get it done. I mean, you know, it's too bad it started. It would have been a lot easier to end it before it started, right? But it started because we had an incompetent president that -- he didn't know what he was doing. That should have never started. That war was so easy to stop.

Donald Trump: Remember this, that under Bush, they took a lot. Under Obama, they took a lot. Under Biden, they're trying to take the whole thing. And under Trump, they took nothing, nothing. Nothing was gone, not even a little bit. So, it's too bad. It's really too bad. A lot of people are dead right now that should be alive and a lot of cities are destroyed that can never come back like they were.

Donald Trump: Those beautiful golden domes and all of the multicolored domes that were a thousand years old, they're all laying and, you know, just shattered. So, it's very sad. They ruined the culture.

Question: Sir, the [Inaudible] The beginning of phase 2 -- sir, beginning phase 2 of the cease-fire deal --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Question: Between Israel and Hamas, what is -- what's going on there? Have you been briefed on the latest relating to that?

Donald Trump: Well, I tell you, I have been briefed. I told Bibi you do whatever you want because, you know, my statement was they got to come back. Now, the reason I made that statement, because they said they weren't going to deliver -- they were not going to deliver the people that they said they were going to deliver -- that they agreed to deliver.

Donald Trump: And they did agree to do that, but they broke that agreement. When I made the statement, they delivered everybody plus an American. Now, the good news is they look like they're in pretty good shape because the people from the week before didn't look like they were in good shape. They looked like Holocaust survivors, frankly, horrible.

Donald Trump: Whatever happened to them was horrible. But that'll be up to Israel what the next step is, in consultation with me.

Question: Sir, where are they supposed to use these weapons for that you've now allowed to ship? Given the fact that there's been a cease-fire supposed to be in effect, why send those six bombs?

Donald Trump: Peace through strength. You understand that, right? It's called peace through strength. You know, they contracted for those weapons a long time ago in the Biden administration, and then Biden wouldn't deliver the weapons. But I look at it differently. I say peace through strength. They were sitting there.

Donald Trump: Nobody knew what to do with them. They bought them. But I believe in that very strongly.

Question: Sir, do you have an update on your -- On EU, the European Union is talking about banning food imports from the U.S. kind of along the lines of reciprocal tariff.

Donald Trump: Why is that? Why?

Question: [Inaudible] the reciprocal tariff? They don't like --

Donald Trump: That's all right. I don't mind. Let them do it. Let them do it. They're just hurting themselves if they do that. I can't imagine it, but doesn't matter. We're having reciprocal tariffs. Whatever they charge, we charge. It's very simple. If a certain country like India, which is very high tariff, if they charge us X dollars, we charge them X dollars.

Donald Trump: It's all right. It's a fair -- it's a fair thing to do. Even the media said it was fair. And it's going to be very good for the United States.

Question: You haven't heard -- On your timing of your meeting with Putin in Saudi Arabia?

Donald Trump: No, there's no time set, but it could be very soon.

Question: Like this -- this month?

Donald Trump: Well, it'll be soon. We'll see what happens. But they're meeting right now, and that's more -- I mean, this should have been done four years ago, three years ago before it started, but it should have been done immediately after it started as opposed to now three years later.

Question: Sir, egg prices have reached an all-time high. What's your --

Donald Trump: Which is -- what?

Question: Egg prices have reached an all-time high.

Donald Trump: Well, it's the flu. It means a long -- before I ever got here, it was at an all-time high. These things -- and remember, I've been here for three weeks. And when you saw the inflation numbers -- I've been here for three weeks. I had nothing to do with inflation. This was caused by Biden. I had four years of virtually no inflation.

Donald Trump: So, I'm just taking over. But I'll tell you what, this country has made more progress in the last three weeks than it's made in the last four years, and we're respected again as a country. Thank you very much. Thank you.