Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-press-gaggle-air-force-one-july-1-2025

Donald Trump: Okay. We had a big day today. Had the bill passed, and I think it's gonna do very well in the House. We'll see how that works out. But, uh, it looks like it's ahead of schedule, see what happens. Happy about it. This was great today, going down to Florida and seeing what, uh, Homeland and Ron and everybody else have been able to do in a very short period of time.

Question: Mr. President?

Donald Trump: So happy about it, I hope you enjoyed it. Go ahead. Any questions?

Donald Trump: Hello, everybody. The trip was nice and the job they've done is fantastic and this is what you need. And Ron worked beautifully with Kristi and all of the people at Homeland Security and got it done in how many days?

Question: [Inaudible] Thomas Massie?

Ron DeSantis: Eight days, a new facility was up and running.

Donald Trump: What about him?

Question: And is this the model going forward, Mr. President?

Question: Just give us a little idea of, not only who you want to replace him --

Donald Trump: It can be. You don't always have land so beautiful and so secure. We have a lot of bodyguards and a lot of cops that are in the form of alligators. You don't have to pay them so much. But I wouldn't want to run through the Everglades for long. They'll keep people where they're supposed to be. This is a very important thing.

Donald Trump: Oh, I think he does a good job for the country. He's always a no. Uh, I call him Rand Paul Jr. He's always a no. Nothing constructive at all, at all. I mean, been just terrible. Thomas Massie from Kentucky and, uh, nothing constructive. I don't think he's a very smart guy. Good education, but that's about it.

Donald Trump: We're setting records at the border. We had no people come through last month, zero, no people, but we're going to keep it that way. So Ron did great and [Inaudible]

Question: And that's what I should have asked this. To what degree are you trying to make an example out of him so that no one else, like --

Ron DeSantis: Look, we -- thank you, Mr. President. Thanks for your leadership. The border, you did that quicker than -- we knew you'd do it, but you did it so quick. This is great. But Biden let in how many millions and you got to take care of them. And so this is one example of state operating this, the feds are approving it, supporting it. We're also going to have 2,000 more at Camp Landing, which is our National Guard site and we're the only state in the country that mandates our state and local law enforcement to cooperate with ICE.

Donald Trump: I don't think about it. I mean, you know, when I oppose somebody, I oppose somebody. And if for some reason the voters -- a -- almost always, they seem to go along with me 'cause they know I'm working hard. I have a nice high IQ. They like that, you know, we like high IQ people. But, uh, they know I, I make good decisions.

Ron DeSantis: It's made a huge difference.

Donald Trump: That's why we have that hat, Trump was right about everything, right? But, you know, I don't like guys like, they just keep saying, no, "I vote no. I vote no." There's no, nothing. Let him do something, let him get what he wants to vote, yes. But if you look at his voting record, it's always against --

Ron DeSantis: On any given day, Florida constitutes about 20 percent of all immigration arrests nationwide and that's just because of the partnership that we have. So I think it's great that the president is here. What I would just say is, don't let Florida be the only state. We've got very red states that should be doing this just as much as Florida is doing.

Question: Who do you like?

Ron DeSantis: That will increase their numbers. And then what happens is you'll have a lot of people that will deport on their own because they don't want to end up in an Alligator Alcatraz or some of those other places. So I think this is a model, but we need other states to step up.

Donald Trump: Oh, he's gonna have an opponent. He's got -- He's, he's gonna have a big opponent. A good opponent who's gonna win -- A, a poll just came out, and it showed anybody I endorse against Massie, Massie loses by 25 points. So he's, he's gonna be history, I think.

Question: I was going to ask you, [Inaudible] be enticing for other states to come up with their own model?

Question: How arm -- Uh, sir, how much arm-twisting do you think you'll have to do with, uh, to get, get it past the House now? What's your game plan for that?

Donald Trump: They are doing it. We have Louisiana doing it. Alabama is doing it. We have a lot of states. And they seem to be red states. There are not too many blue states for whatever reason. But the red states, Republican run states are doing it. The blue states don't do very well at security and policing. What would you say, Kristi?

Donald Trump: I felt the Senate was gonna be tougher than the House. We got there, we got pretty much what we wanted. It was, uh, it's an amazing package. It's the biggest bill ever passed, if we get this done. You know, most of the people wanted seven or eight different bills. And I thought that was tougher because it'd be, you know, a 100%, but there'd be nothing [Inaudible] -- this bill has something for everybody by doing it this way.

Kristi Noem: I would say that's exactly right. The governor here has been fantastic in forming a partnership with the Department of Homeland Security. We were looking at different contracts with different vendors and thought why not go straight to our governors and ask them to help us solve this problem. Florida was unique in what they presented to us and I would ask every other governor to do the exact same thing.

Donald Trump: So we're happy about it. We're happy with the results.

Kristi Noem: This is unique because we can hold individuals here, they can have their hearings, get due process and then immediately be flown back home to their home countries and their home country are welcoming them there setting up. They're setting up loans for houses. They've got food assistance. They're helping to facilitate welcoming them.

Question: So are you concerned that they're gonna be, wanna make further changes in the House?

Kristi Noem: I just got home from Panama, Costa Rica, Guatemala, Honduras and they're all excited about getting their individuals back home from the United States.

Donald Trump: Well, they're gonna ask for certain changes, probably. I don't know, I mean, I guess what would happen, if that happens, you then have to run it fast passed the Senate. So, you know, it never ends. Uh, I don't know if that's gonna happen.

Donald Trump: And there is a lot of self-deporting.

Question: Do you think it's still possible to get this done by Friday?

Kristi Noem: There is.

Donald Trump: [Inaudible] on occasion that will happen, where they'll make a change and get it passed. So we go pretty quickly. But, uh, I think th- -- the Senate was a very big movement, they worked very hard. I didn't get along with Tillis, and he resigned, [Inaudible] that's a good thing.

Donald Trump: [Inaudible] when you have something like this, [Inaudible] so I'd ask Ron one question. I flew over the Everglades, you did it in a circle. I said, that's a big piece land, just [Inaudible] is there potential for enlargement for additional facilities [Inaudible]?

Question: He wants, who you want to run for that seat, sir Thom Tillis' seat.

Ron DeSantis: There may be. I mean, I think what we're doing is because this is an important part of Florida, we're using the existing footprint of this airport. When you guys go over there, you'll see all the beds, the medical, the galley, everything is on the concrete. We're not using any of the other stuff. Now as you'll see, there's a lot of concrete.

Donald Trump: Well, somebody that would really be great is Lara, she grew up there. But, uh, they live in Florida. They have a very good life and they, you know, they're great people. She did fantastically running the RNC, she's even got a show that's, it's like the number one show. And Mark Levin is likewise, I mean, they have the number one, number two show over the weekend.

Ron DeSantis: So there very well may be. I know Secretary Noem and her team have said as soon as the President departs, we'll be open to start receiving folks. And so we'll see what the tempo is. We do have the 2,000 in Northeast Florida that will open very soon. So it is possible to do. One of the things I think that is exciting about this is we're offering up our National Guard and other folks in Florida to be deputized to be immigration judges.

Donald Trump: So she's, she's done what? She's a great person, Lara Trump. I mean, that would always be my first choice, but she doesn't live there now. But she's there all the time, her parents are there. You know, she really knows North Carolina well, and I won it three times. I, I don't know who the candidates are gonna be. I think you're gonna have one of the congressmen step up, but she'd do very well.

Ron DeSantis: We're working with the Department of Justice for the approvals. I'm sure Pam will approve. But then you have -- I'll have a National Guard judge advocate here. Someone has a notice to appear. Biden would tell him to come back in three years and appear, now you'll be able to appear in like a day or two. So they're not going to be detained hopefully for all that long.

Question: So she, did she talk to you about it at all about?

Ron DeSantis: We'll have people here in this facility that can make -- it's a bureaucracy. The president's got to deal with the bureaucracy. Now, that Supreme Court ruling was good because that's going to allow him to be able to exercise Article 2 the way founders intended. But you still have bureaucracy, so we want to cut through that so that we have an efficient operation between Florida and DHS to get the removal of these illegals done.

Donald Trump: Oh, no, no, no. She did so soon.

Question: [Inaudible] prioritizing going after the worst of the worst or are you now arresting anyone who Ð

Question: Yeah.

Donald Trump: We're doing the worst of the worst, always the first and I think it's great government is what we've done. And nobody can ever forget that this group of people, Biden or whoever it was [Inaudible] Biden, whoever it was, what this what this group of people, a small group that circled the Resolute Desk, what they did to this country.

Donald Trump: Uh, I had it out with this guy two nights ago and he resigned, you know, which I was happy about. He did us all a favor.

Donald Trump: Think of it, what you're [Inaudible] all the time, you have to race through this. It's an unforced error. We have nothing, we have no problem with this. It was never anything [Inaudible] we had great -- it was bad when I came in. Within three months, I fixed up -- this is in 2016. Now I come in, the difference is this was 20 times worse.

Question: Sir, you spent a lot of time with Secretary Noem today, obviously. Did you discuss with her at all this report about an $80,000 dark money payment she received in '23 and appears to have been kept off her federal disclosure forms this record?

Donald Trump: Their open border policy did so much damage and we're fixing it, but the effort and the money and all the things that it takes to do [Inaudible] Yes.

Donald Trump: No, I haven't. I didn't do. You're telling me this for the first time. I think she's done an amazing job.

Question: Mr. President, [Inaudible] Alligators in the Rio Grande [Inaudible] crossing in Texas, it is a dream come true for you, sir?

Question: All, on Secretary Noem, you know, you talked about how --

Donald Trump: I was thinking about that. As I said, it was meant as a joke, but the more I thought about [Inaudible] and they were seriously -- they were actually crocodiles. They were crocodiles from Africa. They are a step beyond. But no, that was really meant as a joke, but a lot of people liked it, a lot of people think we should do it.

Donald Trump: Who are you with?

Question: The Senate appears about to vote on --

Question: The Washington Examiner, sir. Christian Datoc.

Donald Trump: I hear we're doing well, Ron, I hear we're doing well.

Donald Trump: Good paper. Excellent.

Question: Are you confident this can get done by the 4th of July?

Question: Thank you. Are you concerned right now, again, with the speed of the deportations? Obviously Tom Homan, Stephen Miller have talked about this isn't enough. What exactly is enough?

Donald Trump: I don't know [Inaudible] like that [Inaudible] one vote [Inaudible] vote. I think so. I think it's going to be the greatest bill ever passed. Even for you [Inaudible] it's going to keep the borders secure. Because we have them secure now, but we need to build more walls. I built almost 600 miles of wall.

Donald Trump: It's gonna be a long period of time. We're gonna have a lot of, uh, we're gonna have a lot of angst because it's a tough, it's a tough thing. But no, I think they're doing an amazing job. And you know, we're doing a lot of home deportations. We're doing a lot of deportations or self deportations where they come and they deport and then they wanna come back into the country and they can only come back into the country under no circumstances unless they go out the proper way.

Donald Trump: We need more wall and all of that's covered in this bill. This bill is amazing for everybody. It's an amazing build for Florida too. It's really great.

Donald Trump: Otherwise, they're never coming back in. Now I think it's going very well. Look, Biden did us a tremendous disservice when he allowed this to happen to our country. And I always said it's the toughest thing, you know, I had inflation and I got rid of them. We don't have inflation. I had a bad economy and we got, you know, we set a new stock market high today, we're doing unbelievable.

Question: You've heard the concerns about the Medicaid, though, cuts. Mr. President --

Donald Trump: The country's doing unbelievable. I always said the most difficult thing is what happened at the border, allowing 21 or 25 million people to come into our country. It's the most difficult thing.

Donald Trump: No, no, we're not going to be playing with Medicaid, only waste, fraud and abuse. Yeah, the Democrats have it wrong. Yeah, waste fraud and abuse. In fact, if you look at what's gone on, we've gone way back. We take care of Medicaid and take care of Medicare. They will blow Medicare and Medicaid because they have no idea what they're doing.

Question: What do you think is going on there?

Donald Trump: Just like they don't have any idea what they did on the border, they have no idea. Medicaid is in big trouble with the Democrats.

Donald Trump: I think we're doing a fantastic job at getting them out. But you have a lot of self deporting and a lot more than people understand that those people are eligible maybe to come back in.

Question: But you can promise anyone who will lose their health care coverage, that is because of waste, fraud and abuse?

Question: Mr. President, are you thinking of extending the pause on tariffs beyond July 9th?

Donald Trump: Waste, fraud -- only, waste, fraud and abuse, which is what everybody wants.

Donald Trump: No. No, I'm not. I'm not thinking about the pause. Uh, I'll be writing letters to a lot of countries and I think you're just starting to understand the process. We've dealt with Japan. I'm not sure if we're gonna make a deal. I doubt it, but Japan, they're very tough. You have to understand, they're very spoiled.

Question: Mr. President [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: I love Japan. I, I really like the new Prime Minister too. Abi was one of my closest friends, as you know, the new prime minister is, he's great. He is a very strong guy, but they and others are so spoiled from having ripped us off for 30, 40 years that it's really hard for them to make a deal. You know, it's very hard.

Donald Trump: We'll see what happens. I'm watching it very closely.

Donald Trump: As an example with Japan, uh, they won't take rice, and yet they desperately need rice. You know, that. But they won't take rice. Uh, they won't take other products that we have, but think of it, they need rice so badly, but they won't take rice. I think that was an easy one. Uh, or the cars, as you know, they send out millions.

Question: Mr. President? [Inaudible] Prime Minister Netanyahu's visit [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: We, we didn't give them one car in 10 years. They won't take any cars, but they'll sell millions. So we tell 'em, "Sorry, you can't do that." And we have a great relationship, great reliance, and really a great, uh, sort of a partnership in a way. But on, on trade, they've been very unfair. And those days are gone.

Donald Trump: Well, it's going to be a very quick celebration. We had a great hit. It was an obliteration, but they now turns out, it was [Inaudible] you know, they demean, CNN mostly, and the New York Times, say New York Times, they demean these great soldiers. They went over there 17 hours flying and they hit bullseye after bullseye after bullseye.

Donald Trump: So what I'm gonna do is I'll write 'em a letter and say, "We thank you very much and, uh, we know you can't do the kind of things that we need, and therefore you'll pay a 30%, 35%, or whatever the number is that we determine because we also have a very big trade deficit with Japan, as you know. And it's very unfair to the American people.

Donald Trump: It all blew up. Everybody's gone. Then they get back and CNN said, well, they did OK, but maybe it wasn't -- it was beyond obliteration. Nobody can even get down there. The tunnels are busted, everything fell into the well. It was a total and complete obliteration and we should celebrate these heroes. But what I'm doing is I'm bringing him on, we're bringing him to Florida, or to the White House.

Donald Trump: So, uh, they maybe will be happy, they maybe won't be happy. But some countries we won't even allow to trade. But for the most part, we'll, we're gonna determine a number and just very simply write 'em a nice letter, probably one page or a page and a half at the most. And it's gonna be, uh, essentially congratulations.

Donald Trump: I gave him [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: Uh, it's gonna be an honor to allow you to go and do business in the United States of America because it really is an honor to be able to do that. But we never viewed it that way in this country. And you saw we took in 129 billion in tariffs already. We haven't even started. No inflation. Our country's strong.

Question: Mr. President, there's going to be a new bill called Make American Elections Great Again --

Donald Trump: Our interest rate should be three points lower. If our interest rate was three points lower, that's almost a trillion dollars in cost. And it's done just by the signing of a pen. But we have a moron at the head of the thing. He's a moron.

Donald Trump: Love it.

Question: Speaking of, speaking of Jay Powell, do you, do you have a top choice of someone to succeed him?

Question: -- forcing US Census Bureau to redo the census to actually get an account of how many Americans with proof of citizenship are in our area, in our country, [Inaudible] your thoughts on that?

Donald Trump: I do, I have two or three top choices.

Donald Trump: Well, I speak for both of us. [Inaudible] you're going to like this. I know all about it. I want to bring our elections back. The election in 2020 was rigged, millions and millions of votes. It had to do with COVID and a lot of things, but it really had to do with [Inaudible] but the Democrats are very good at cheating elections and that's why I said [Inaudible] they tried this one too, but after about 902, they gave up [Inaudible] too big to rig.

Question: Can you tell us those?

Donald Trump: Ron would love it. I would love it. Kristi would love it. That's what they have to do. They have to bring it back and we have to look Ð Ron, they include anybody that happens to be in your state.

Donald Trump: No [Laughing]. You almost got me there.

Ron DeSantis: In California -- California would lose like five seats if they did a fair census. And even beyond that, with Biden's census, it gipped Florida of at least one seat. We only got one seat in the last census. Are you trying to tell me that Florida only had one seat on that? We should have had at least two. Texas should have had another one.

Question: Are there other trade deals that, that are close to being done that you think you will announce over the next week?

Ron DeSantis: That could be the difference in the House of Representatives and the majority. So I would love for them to redo the census for '26. My legislature won't redistrict those lines. We'll get it to where it's fair. But as it is right now, this country is not fairly a fortune. I've got so many more millions of people in Florida that have representation because of that flawed census.

Donald Trump: I hope we're gonna have a deal with India, possibly. And that's gonna be a different kind of a deal. It's gonna be a deal where we're able to go in and compete. Right now, we, India doesn't accept anybody in. I think India's gonna do that, and if they do that, we're gonna have a deal for less, much less tariffs.

Donald Trump: I think it's going to do very well, a lot of people, I don't know if you've heard that, but [Inaudible] it's captivated [Inaudible] everybody wants it. It's going to get in, it's going to pass and we're going to be very happy.

Question: De -- DeSantis was, uh, smart.

Question: Elon Musk is ripping into this bill again. Are you concerned that Republicans are going to be swayed by Musk and his money?

Donald Trump: Thank you for telling me, by the way.

Donald Trump: No, I don't think so. I think what's going to happen is DOGE is going to look at Musk. And if DOGE looks at Musk, we're going to save a fortune. Thank you very much, everybody. I don't think he should be playing that game [Inaudible]

Question: Oh, you're, you're welcome.

Question: Thank you, Mr. President.

Question: Hey, real quickly, uh, you mentioned Alejandro Mayorkas.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much, everybody.

Donald Trump: Yes.

Question: Uh, he was impeached in the House, cleared in the Senate, uh, investigating him, could we investigate the auto pen? What's the further investigation on that?

Donald Trump: The auto pen is, is under investigation. The auto pen's a, a serious thing. I think it's one of the most serious things I've heard. Mayorkas was a terrible, terrible secretary, but he was given orders to do things and the people that gave those orders probably have, uh, pardons. You know, Biden pardoned a lot of people.

Donald Trump: The only one he didn't pardon was himself. But I don't know if I do to him what he did to me. Problem is he wouldn't understand what happened. So maybe it wouldn't be so bad.

Question: There's a video with Speaker Johnson is telling him about how he stopped the LNG gas and he thought it was something else. How many more examples do you think there are, that Speaker John- -- or that President Biden just didn't in fact know what he was doing?

Donald Trump: President Obama was a terrible president. President Biden was the worst president in the history of our country. President Bush should not have gone into the Middle East and blown the place up, so I don't give him high marks either. Thank you very much everybody. Thank you.

Question: Thank you.

Donald Trump: I give Trump very high marks. Good bye, everyone.