Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-press-gaggle-after-return-the-white-house-july-29-2025

Question: Can we ask you one -- any comment on the New York shooting, Mr. President? Any comment on the shooting?

Donald Trump: Which one?

Question: The shooting in New York? In New York.

Donald Trump: It's a terrible thing. Obviously, I put out a statement, it's so bad. It's so sad to see. He's a lunatic and we just have to stop it. These people come in and you never want to see a thing like that happen. And we've expressed our opinion very, very strongly, terrible thing.

Question: Mr. President, on Ukraine, will you let those Ukrainians who fled the war to stay in the United States until the war ends?

Donald Trump: I think we will, yeah.

Question: You will?

Donald Trump: I think we will. We have a lot of people that came in from Ukraine and we're working with them.

Note: [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: Let's be quiet, quiet.

Question: Negotiation with South Korea. Are you going to finish tomorrow?

Donald Trump: Finish what tomorrow?

Question: Tariffs.

Donald Trump: Tariffs? No, we won't be finished tomorrow, but our country is becoming very rich and that's what we want. We have to have a rich America and we're taking in a lot of money. And it's -- we're becoming very strong and very rich. Thank you.

Aide: Thank you, press. Please back up. Thank you, press.

Note: [The President walks into the Palm Room.]

Donald Trump: We did good, right?

Unidentified: Yes.

Donald Trump: [Inaudible]

Unidentified: It looks good, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Did you have a good time in Scotland?

Unidentified: Yeah, did you sir?

Donald Trump: I did. You want to breathe that air.

Unidentified: Hi, Don, how are you?

Donald Trump: Good, did you have a good time?

Unidentified: Yeah, thanks so much, sir.

Question: Mr. President, what would you consider your biggest accomplishments while in Scotland? Is it the EU trade deal or talks with the UK leader?

Donald Trump: Thank you. They're making our country very rich. Our country is very, very rich. It's about time somebody did it.

Question: Mr. President, do you think that Congress [Inaudible] against Barack Obama?

Donald Trump: Well, basically he's out of office. [Inaudible] you have to recognize the wrong that they've done and it can never be allowed to happen.

Question: Thank you, sir. Thank you.