Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-press-gaggle-air-force-one-arrival-los-angeles-january-24-2025

Donald Trump: Hello, everybody. So, we just left North Carolina a little while ago. We have that in very good shape. We have the congressman in charge and Michael Whatley, and we're going to do a lot of work. We have the -- the Army Corps of Engineers working, as they are here, and I think you're going to see some very big progress.

Donald Trump: They left them high and dry. And now, we're going to be taking a little tour with some of the people from the area. I appreciate the governor coming out and meeting me, Gavin, very much. And we'll be talking a little bit. We want to get it fixed. We want to get the problem fixed. And there'll be some ways, but it's like you got hit by a bomb, right?

Gavin Newsom: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Like you got hit by a bomb. Would you like to say something?

Gavin Newsom: Most importantly, thank you for being here. It means a great deal to all of us, and not just the folks in Palisades, the folks in Altadena that were devastated. We're going to need your support.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Gavin Newsom: We're going to need your help. You were there for us during COVID. I don't forget that. And I -- I have all the expectations that we'll be able to work together to get this speedy recovery.

Donald Trump: Very well. We got to get it done. Tremendous numbers of lives have been affected. A lot of real estate has been affected. Nobody's ever probably seen anything like this.

Gavin Newsom: No.

Donald Trump: You could almost say since the Second World War. What do you think of it? I mean --

Gavin Newsom: No.

Donald Trump: Nothing like this has happened. And we're going to get it fixed, and we'll get it permanently fixed so it can't happen again.

Gavin Newsom: That's right.

Donald Trump: And again, we'll be talking a little bit later, and we'll get it worked out, OK?

Gavin Newsom: I appreciate it, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Thank you, Gavin.

Gavin Newsom: Thank you.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Gavin Newsom: Thank you.

Question: Mr. President, why do you [Inaudible] President, both of you have disagreed a lot over the past week over what has happened in this state. How do you plan to put your differences aside?

Donald Trump: We got to get it finished. We're looking to get something completed, and the way you get it completed is to work together. He's the governor of this state. And we're going to get it completed. They're going to need a lot of federal help. Unless you don't need any, which would be OK.

Gavin Newsom: We're going to need a lot of federal help.

Donald Trump: So, we're going to take care of things, OK?

Question: Governor Newsom -- What's your take [Inaudible]

Gavin Newsom: I have all the confidence in the world we'll work that out.

Donald Trump: OK? Thank you, folks. Thank you. I guess some of you are coming with us and some of you not. Thank you very much. Thank you. I'll see you --

Question: Grab a [Inaudible].