Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-press-gaggle-before-marine-one-departure-september-7-2025

Question: Mr. President, are you ready to go to war with Chicago?

Question: Are you declaring war on Chicago?

Donald Trump: [Inaudible]

Question: Are you planning to -- Yeah. Are you planning to go to war with Chicago?

Donald Trump: [Inaudible] fake news. When you say that, darling, that's fake news.

Question: Well, why won't the Department of Defense?

Donald Trump: Listen. Be quiet, listen. You don't listen. You never listen. That's why you're second rate. We're not going to war. We're going to clean up our city. We're going to clean them up so they don't kill five people every weekend. That's not war, that's common sense.

Question: Mr. President! Are you ready, are you ready to enter the second phase -- Are you ready to enter the second phase of sanctions against Russia or punishing Putin --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Question: Mr. President! Mr. President! What do you think of all the, uh, establishment attacks on RFK Jr.?

Donald Trump: Well, he's a different kind of a guy. He's got a lot of good, uh, ideas, but he's got a lot of ideas. You know, normally they don't have any ideas, and that's why we have problems with autism and so many other things, because we're coming up with the answers for autism. You watch. We're coming up with the answers for other things that normal people, regular people, easy to get along with people wouldn't be able to do. He's got a lot of ideas, and so do I. We're going to --

Question: Mr. President! Why target Chicago and Boston when there are cities less safe with higher rates?

Donald Trump: Why -- Let me ask you. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Really, higher than Chicago? Yeah?

Question: There are, like Memphis and St. Louis.

Donald Trump: Excuse me. Excuse me. Do you know how many people were killed in Chicago last weekend? Eight. Do you know how many people were killed, were killed in Chicago the week before? Seven. You know how many people were wounded? 74 people were wounded. You think there's worse than that? I don't think so.

Question: But it's more --

Question: Mr. President, can you talk to --

Question: I have a question about Lebanon. Hezbollah refuses to hand over its weapons to the Lebanonese government.

Donald Trump: Who? Who does?

Question: The Iran ally, Hezbollah, refuses to hand over its weapons --

Donald Trump: We'll respond to that later.

Question: Mr. President! Mr President, are you going [Inaudible] are you going to be directly attacking the cartels inside of Venezuela? You attack --

Donald Trump: Well, you're going to find out. You're going to find.

Question: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: Say it.

Question: [Inaudible] has announced that he's going to step down and --

Donald Trump: I don't know anything about that.

Question: [Inaudible] been arrested.

Question: Mr. President, what do you think about Pakistan? Are you going to basically send away the --

Donald Trump: I may. I had a great conversation with him. Say hello to him, he's a good man. Thank you.

Question: [Inaudible]