Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-press-gaggle-air-force-one-august-15-2025

Donald Trump: Hello everybody. Uh, I brought a friend of yours, Bret Baier. He's here. Bret, how you doing?

Question: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: How are you?

Question: What will, what will make a success of this summit today?

Donald Trump: I can't tell you that. I don't know. It's, uh, there's nothing set in stone. I want certain things. I wanna see a ceasefire. This is not to do with Europe. Europe's not telling me what to do. But, uh, they're gonna be involved in the process, obviously, as well as Zelenskyy. But I wanna see a ceasefire rapidly.

Donald Trump: I don't know if it's gonna be today, but I'm not gonna be happy if it's not today. Everyone said it can't be today. But I'm just saying, I want the killing to stop. I'm in this to stop the killing. You know, we're not putting up any money. We're making money. Uh, they're buying our weapons and we're sending them to NATO and NATO is sending us big, beautiful checks.

Donald Trump: But I don't care about that. I care about -- it was a big factor when Biden spent $350 million and got nothing. But what I do care about is they lost, last week, 7,011 people were lost, almost all soldiers, 36 people in a town which got hit by a missile, but 7,000 -- over 7,000 soldiers. It's crazy.

Question: Can you describe a little bit, Mr. President, because I know you've had a lot of phone calls with President Putin. What's the difference in a face-to-face in-person meeting?

Donald Trump: Look, he's a smart guy, been doing it for a long time, but so have I -- been doing it for a long time? And here we are, we're president. That was much more difficult than what I'm doing today, believe me. So, we get along. It's a good respect level on both sides, and I think something's going to come of it. I noticed he's bringing a lot of businesspeople from Russia and that's good.

Donald Trump: I like that because they want to do business, but they're not doing business until we get the war settled.

Question: Are you going to talk about business? Will you talk business?

Donald Trump: We have the hottest country on earth. We have the hottest economy on Earth. We have the hottest country. We just set a new stock market record again. We have hundreds of billions of dollars flowing in from tariffs. We're the hottest -- we were a dead country, dead like doornails, a dead country. One year ago, we were dead as a doornail and now we have the hottest country, and he wants a piece of that because his country is not hot economically.

Donald Trump: In fact, it's the opposite. And China is not doing well economically. But we're all -- look, I want everybody to do well. The war is going to stop, and the killings got to stop.

Question: Mr. President, what do you mean by -- Thank you for coming back to take questions. We saw that Russia continued its violence into Ukraine last night launching even more drones. What did you make of that?

Donald Trump: I think they're trying to negotiate. He's trying to set a stage. I mean, in his mind that helps him make a better deal. It actually hurts him. But in his mind, that helps him make a better deal if they can continue the killing. Maybe it's a part of the world, maybe it's just his fabric, his genes, his genetics.

Donald Trump: But he thinks that makes him -- gives him strength in negotiating. I think it hurts him, but I'll be talking to him about it later.

Question: On the table for discussions today, Mr. President, are the territorial swaps on the table? Will you be discussing that?

Donald Trump: They'll be discussed, but I've got to let Ukraine make that decision and I think they'll make a proper decision. But I'm not here to negotiate for Ukraine; I'm here to get them at a table. And I think you have two sides. Look, Vladimir Putin wanted to take all of Ukraine. If I wasn't president, he would right now be taking all of Ukraine.

Donald Trump: But he's not going to do it.

Question: Mr. President, what did you mean -- Just one thing, what about the possibility of the United States providing security guarantees to Ukraine?

Donald Trump: Maybe, along with Europe and other countries. Not in the form of NATO because that's not going to -- there are certain things that aren't going to happen. But yeah, along with Europe, there's a possibility of that.

Question: Mr. President -- Based on the number of businesspeople that President Putin is bringing along, is that something that you want to discuss with President Putin at this meeting?

Donald Trump: If we make progress, I would discuss it because that's one of the things that they would like. They'd like to get a piece of what I built in terms of the economy. Just so you know, we were a dead country with our economy. He wouldn't be interested; he wouldn't have been interested a year ago with the Biden economy.

Donald Trump: But he is interested in the Trump economy because we're doing -- wait till you see when those factories start opening up. We have hundreds of factories all over the country and that includes auto factories, AI factories and every other. They're all coming in because they want to beat the tariffs because if they open here, they don't have to pay tariffs.

Donald Trump: If they don't open here, they have to pay in some cases 200 percent, 300 percent. I haven't even set some of the tariffs yet. I'll be setting tariffs next week and the week after on steel and on -- I would say chips -- chips and semiconductors we'll be setting sometime next week, week after.

Question: What rate are you looking at -- what rate?

Donald Trump: Well, I'm going to have a rate that is going to be lower at the beginning, then that gives them a chance to come in and build, and very high after a certain period of time. And if they don't build here, they have to pay a very high tariff, which doesn't work, so they'll come and build.

Question: Mr. President, hi. You had said earlier --

Donald Trump: [Inaudible; Laughter]

Question: It is well with me.

Donald Trump: Isn't he a gentleman? He's a nice guy.

Question: He's helping me out.

Donald Trump: He's a very nice -- he's one of the few nice ones actually.

Question: You had said earlier this week that Putin would face severe consequences if you get the sense from him that he's not interested. What do you mean by that?

Donald Trump: Economically severe, yes, it will be very severe. I'm not doing this for my health, OK? I don't need it. I'd like to focus on our country, but I'm doing this to save a lot of lives. Yeah, very severe. Thank you very much, everybody.