Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-press-gaggle-outside-white-house-easter-event-april-21-2025

Question: Mr. President?

Question: President Trump, [Inaudible] the Pope?

Donald Trump: Yeah, it's very sad. He's having a hard time, so, obviously you see why he --

Unidentified: We love you.

Donald Trump: -- the end result is, but --

Unidentified: Hey, great job.

Donald Trump: -- uh, he was a good man. He worked very hard.

Question: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: He, uh, he loved the world.

Unidentified: Thank you for this visit.

Donald Trump: He, uh, lo -- he loved the world.

Donald Trump: He really did. He loved the world. So, uh --

Question: Mr. President --

Donald Trump: It's an honor to mention, it's an honor, we're -- the flags of the country, as you know, have been taken to half mast.

Unidentified: Thank you for being the class and elegance [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: And they'll be that way for about four days.

Note: [Crosstalk]

Question: Do you have any favorites -- do you have any favorites in the American Pope that you would like to say?

Donald Trump: Well I -- I met uh, two of them. And, uh, look, these are, these are great gentlemen. They're great. If they weren't, they wouldn't be Pope.

Note: [Crosstalk]

Question: Mr. President, do you remain, do you remain confident in Hegseth, do you remain confident in Pete Hegseth?

Donald Trump: Oh, totally.

Question: President Trump --

Donald Trump: Why -- why do you even ask a question like that? We have recruitments at, that's at our all-time high. The spirit in the Armed Forces is fantastic. Look, great confidence.

Question: Mr. President, can you explain why you're comfortable with Secretary Hegseth using Signal to discuss those military plans?

Donald Trump: Are you bringing up Signal again? I thought they gave that up two weeks ago.

Question: There was a new report this weekend that he used this, in a separate chat, that included some family members, a personal lawyer.

Donald Trump: It's just all, it's all, uh, just the same old stuff from the media. It's just, that's an old one. Try finding something new.

Question: Sir, your message to Catholics are mourning the loss of Pope Francis, your message to Catholics, sir?

Donald Trump: Uh, we love you all. We're with you all. They were with me during the election as you know, very strongly, and uh, it's just an honor to, uh, have the support of the Catholics. And uh, I feel very badly for them because they loved the Pope.

Question: Mr. President, do you feel surprise --

Question: Sir, no matter who the next Pope gets elected, whoever that may be, what relationship do you hope to have with the incoming Pope --

Donald Trump: I think very good.

Question: Mr. President, do you feel --

Donald Trump: I've had that, but I think very good.

Note: [Crosstalk]

Question: Do you think Russia and Ukraine can have a deal this week, do you think Russia and Ukraine can have, have got a deal this week?

Donald Trump: There's a chance. There's a very good chance.

Question: Are you happy with how the European Union is handling the tariff right now? Are you happy with Europe right now?

Donald Trump: They've been fine.

Question: Will you do a deal with Japan --

Question: If you do a deal with Ukraine --

Donald Trump: We'll end up having a deal. We're gonna ultimately have a deal with anyone. If we don't, we're gonna make it anyway.

Note: [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: But we're gonna ultimately have, the economy's very good. We don't have inflation. Energy's down at the lowest it's been in years. Uh, we hit actually $1.98, uh, recently in a couple of states. I think we're doing really well. We're all set. There's a little transition and that's gonna happen, but ultimately, we're gonna be the strongest that we've ever been as a nation.

Question: Mr. President, do you feel like that --

Note: [The president spoke further with reporters later in the event.]

Donald Trump: [Video begins in progress] We're already, uh, at 25% for cars and aluminum steel. Th-they're taking in a lot of money. A lot of money. More money than this country's seen and that's just the beginning.

Question: Are you going to go to the Pope's funeral?

Donald Trump: Ah, I don't know yet. We're gonna be briefed on it right now. In fact, I'm going to the oval --

Question: [Inaudible] to go?

Donald Trump: Say it --

Question: Would you like to go? Would you like to go?

Donald Trump: Well, I don't know. I just have to look at the timing. We just, uh, lowered the flag [Inaudible]

Question: On the, uh, Ukraine talks [Inaudible], um, is there a proposal from United States that Ukrainians recognized Crimea as part of Russia?

Donald Trump: So, uh, I will be giving you the full detail of it in the next three days but we had a very good meeting on Ukraine, Russia. We had a very good meeting. We actually -- On Iran too. We'll see how that looks.

Question: I was gonna ask you about that too. Wh- -- what's the next step there?

Donald Trump: Uh, next step is we need a little time but we had very good meetings on Iran. We had very good -- And the tariffs are going very well. As you know. Everyone wants to negotiate.

Question: In remembering Pope Francis is there anything you'd like to say?

Donald Trump: He was a very good man who loved, uh, loved the world. And he especially loved people that were having a hard time and that's good with me.

Question: So he preached tolerance for im- -- for migrants. He preached tolerance for migrants.

Donald Trump: Yes he did.

Question: Do, do you agree with that or do you disagree --

Donald Trump: Yeah, I do. I do agree.

Note: [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: I mean I hear they're doing that whole thing, thing again. Here we go again. It's just a waste of time.

Question: Why, why do you still have confidence in him, sir?

Donald Trump: He is doing, he is doing a great job.

Question: Why do you, why do you still have confidence in him?

Donald Trump: Because he's doing a great job.

Question: Have you spoken to any other leaders?

Donald Trump: Ask, ask the Houthis how he's doing.

Question: There -- there's a hearing today on the al- -- on the alien enemies act in the DC District Court. Your thoughts on that, Mr. President?

Donald Trump: Well we were, uh, elected to clean up the mess of this country, and we had millions and millions of people come in who were criminals, who were murderers, who were everything you can imagine. Drug lords, drug dealers, they came in from prisons and from mental institutions. And, I was elected to move them out.

Donald Trump: Among many other things. And that's what we're doing.

Question: Mr. President can you clarify your tariffs in the short --

Donald Trump: Ask the Houthis how much their [Inaudible] Uh, Pete's doing a great job. Everybody is happy with him. We have the highest recruit -- pr- proven numbers I think they've had in 28 years. Uh, no he's doing a great job. It's just fake news. They just bring up stories. I guess it's -- sounds like disgruntled employees.

Donald Trump: You know, he was put there to get rid of a lot of bad people and that's what he's doing. So, uh, you don't always have friends when you're doing that.

Question: Can you stop [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: I'm going to be, yeah -- I, I will be there. I hope to be.

Question: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: Uh, we're opening a fantastic [Inaudible] there. And I hope we're going to get to see him.

Question: Who are you looking forward to seeing?

Donald Trump: It's going to be great, thank you.

Question: Mr. President, will you comply with the Supreme Court's ruling on Abrigo versus Garcia?

Donald Trump: I comply with everything.

Question: Mr. President in regards to Haitian immigrants you -- you've ordered a lot of them to leave the country, but their travel is Haiti is, is almost nearly impossible because flights have been suspended. What do you make of that?

Donald Trump: Well I make the fact that you have to have a safe country. If people are in our country illegally and if people are -- that have records that are very bad in particular, uh, we have to get them out. I, I was, as you know, elected on the basis that, uh, we would have very little crime in our country. They don't want illegal immigrants.

Donald Trump: We've closed up the border. The border is now the strongest border we've ever had --

Question: These are Haitians who came legally through that Biden era program who, there are communities even in Texas, conservative voters saying th-these people should not be forced to, to leave.

Donald Trump: Well if they came legally then they're gonna be in good shape.

Question: So you're not going to deport them? There's an approaching deadline.

Unidentified: Mr. Trump, Mr. Trump --

Donald Trump: Thank you, I appreciate it.

Unidentified: Mr. Trump, Mr. Trump, nice to meet you. Thank you.

Unidentified: President Trump. Trump, President Trump. She --

Note: [Crosstalk]

Question: Are you concerned about the handling of sensitive information?

Donald Trump: Hi there, thank you.

Unidentified: How are you doing sir?

Donald Trump: Well, you're doing all right? Everyone is in great shape?

Unidentified: [Inaudible] Good to see you sir, good to see you sir, how are you? This is my beautiful fiance.

Unidentified: Nice to meet you, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Yeah, make sure you like each other.

Unidentified: [Laughs]

Donald Trump: If you don't, don't get married.

Unidentified: Really quickly --

Donald Trump: He's a good man.

Unidentified: Yes he is.

Question: You talked about Jesus in your opening statement --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Question: How important is this [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: Very important. It brings the country together and it's so important that we can do that, religion. I said bring religion back. It brings us together. Such a a great thing.

Question: Thank you, sir.

Question: Do you plan to go to the Vatican to pay your respects to the Pope?

Donald Trump: How did he get back here?

Unidentified: President Trump. President Trump. He has a letter for -- he has a letter for you.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Unidentified: Mr. President, thank you.