Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-press-gaggle-air-force-one-september-18-2025

Donald Trump: Well, I hope you had a good time, everybody. We had a good -- I think it was a really good day and a half, very intensive. Any questions?

Question: What was the best part? What was the best part of the trip?

Donald Trump: I don't know. Just I think being with King Charles. He's a wonderful guy, got to know him very well. I knew him before, but now I know him a lot better. The artwork -- I saw more paintings than any human being has ever saw and statues, but they treated us great. They treated our country great and that -- I view that as being really respect for our country the way they did it, because last night was beautiful.

Donald Trump: And you know, you had the biggest businesspeople in the world there. That was respect for our country. Yeah.

Question: Mr. President, have you had conversations with Secretary? Sorry, let me -- I'm trying to start. Have you had conversations with Secretary Rubio or any of your military leaders about possible regime change in Venezuela?

Donald Trump: No, I haven't.

Question: You haven't had any discussions about plans or how to make it happen?

Donald Trump: No, I haven't.

Question: Mr. President, you mentioned in your remarks at the press conference something about Bagram and bringing it back to the US.

Donald Trump: I'd like to get Bagram back.

Question: Do you know how you plan to do that, sir?

Donald Trump: They need a lot from us and I'd like to get it back. It should have never been given -- Bagram, should have never been given the air base. That was gross incompetence to give that up. You know, it's one of the most powerful bases in the world in terms of runway strength and length. The strength and length, you can land anything on there.

Donald Trump: You can land a planet on top of it. Can you imagine? They gave it up for nothing? Just -- oh, Let's leave. And it's an hour away from where they make their missiles, China.

Question: Mr. President, it's been a month since your meeting with Putin. Is it time to call for a ceasefire? It's been a month since your meeting with President Putin. Is it time for a ceasefire to come?

Donald Trump: Doesn't feel like it. But at the right time, if I have to do it, it'll be harsh.

Question: Mr. President, can I ask a question about something you said earlier this week. You said -- Mr. President, regarding Antifa -- regarding Antifa, what you posted.

Donald Trump: Who are you with?

Question: NPR, sir. When -- regarding --

Donald Trump: I heard they were gone. Are they still here?

Question: They are.

Donald Trump: Are they still here? Oh, good. Congratulations.

Question: Yeah, regarding designating them a terrorist organization, when they don't have defined leadership or membership, how do you target them -- Antifa?

Donald Trump: We're going to find out, right? We're going to see -- people have been talking about it for a long time. We're going to see. Did they have anything to do with your network?

Question: No.

Donald Trump: OK. But we're going to find out. Yeah, go ahead. Mr. President, you said earlier this week that the women who yelled at you who were protesting when you were at Joe's Stone crab should be in jail. Do you actually think that that is an offense that deserves jail time? I don't know how they got in there, but certainly I thought it was very inappropriate, and they said things that were very -- and it was a question of when you take a look at the way they acted, the way they behaved.

Donald Trump: Yeah, I think they were a threat. Do you agree with me?

Question: I think they're -- I think they're a nasty organization. Do you think they deserve --

Note: [Crosstalk]

Question: --Well, I don't know. What's your Congress focused on? What are your top priorities for Congress?

Donald Trump: We're going to finish the wars. We have a couple of them going as you know. Look at Gaza, you look at Russia-Ukraine, we're working on that and I'm working with Congress all, but I think I think we'll get it. You know, we did do seven. We actually did more than seven, which people don't like to talk about.

Donald Trump: But I say that and the economy, always the economy -- especially bringing down the oil further. If we get the oil down, the wars -- that war ends.

Question: Here's a subject that I don't think a lot of people talk about. I was talking to a lot of American truck drivers in the last couple of weeks, and I'm asking them what their biggest concern is. They tell me some of these foreign truck drivers, they come to schools here in America, Utah and California to be specific.

Question: They get fast tracked through the system. A lot of them don't speak English, which I know you did an EO about speaking English. But they're causing a dangerous situation on the road. That's what they're telling me. I don't know what we can do about it.

Donald Trump: Well, I don't like it. I see the one, you know, who had the accident. Couldn't read a sign, didn't know what was happening. Yeah, no, I'm not. I'm not in favor of that at all. Got to speak English.

Question: Mr. President, Zohran Mamdani said that he would arrest Benjamin Netanyahu if he comes to New York City because of the ICC warrant.

Donald Trump: I think that's inappropriate.

Question: Would you intervene if that came up?

Donald Trump: Yeah, it's inappropriate.

Question: Mr. President, we asked the GBEs -- we asked GBEs viewers the questions they would like to ask of you and the prime minister today. The main question was would you please swap jobs with him? And the second question behind that was really why are we in the UK moving towards Europe when Europe is failing and America is flying?

Donald Trump: Well, look, I think the UK has a tremendous asset known as the North Sea, and it's loaded up with -- you know, they like to say -- well, it's really diminished. It's not -- and there are lots of areas out there that have been found. Look at Norway, you know, it's the same kind of a thing, they've become so rich.

Donald Trump: And for UK or other parts of Europe to take -- I mean especially UK -- to buying oil from Norway and they have it, but they don't want to do it. If they would drill In the North Sea, they would let them. You know, they've made it impossible for people.

Question: Do you think it starts with energy?

Donald Trump: It's a tremendous asset, yeah, and it's tremendously valuable. And there's a lot of oil left. They've been drilling there for a long time, but there's a lot of oil and there's a lot of oil out there that hasn't been found yet. And with new drilling techniques, when they think a well is closed, the new drilling techniques, you can drill for another 50 years, it's crazy.

Donald Trump: It's such a valuable asset. And instead, they're putting these stupid windmills all over the place. And every time you put up a windmill, it costs the country millions of dollars a year to have that horrible thing turn. It's ugly, it's bad for the environment, it kills the birds. And beyond that it costs a fortune.

Donald Trump: And you know, you should make money with energy, you shouldn't lose money. With windmills you lose, including those massive solar fields, you know, that take up all the farmland and you know they are black plastic from China. You ever see what happens to a bird, when the birds land, they get fried because it's hot.

Donald Trump: So, you don't need a saucer, you don't need a stove. No, a bird lands on it, it's over. They say it's great for the environment -- you know, the lunatics. Go ahead.

Question: I watched you -- last week in the Oval Office, I asked you about if Ilhan Omar should be censored. Congress censored her, I just want to get your reaction to that.

Donald Trump: They did censor her. When did this happen?

Question: Was it -- yesterday.

Donald Trump: Yeah, good. Yeah, I think she's terrible. I think she should be impeached. I think she's terrible. Is she originally from Somalia?

Question: Yes, sir.

Donald Trump: So, how are they doing this? How's their government? Do they have a president? Do they have a council? Do they have anything? Do they have police? I love these people that come from a place with nothing, with nothing, no anything. And then they tell us how to run our country. No, I think she if she got censored, that's great.

Donald Trump: If she got impeached that's even better. They impeached me twice for nothing and they impeached me knowing the Republicans are on my side. So, they knew it was just -- and they impeach me, but she should be impeached and it should happen fast. What she says is out of line. Yeah, go ahead. Anybody else?

Question: Mr. President, would you like to see -- Mr. President, are you going to ask Brendan Carr to weigh in on other late-night hosts that you have said should be off the air?

Donald Trump: Late night hosts on network television? There is a licensing. I'll give you an example. I read someplace that the networks were 97 percent against me, again 97 percent negative, and yet I won it easily. I won all seven swing states, popular vote, won everything, and then 97 percent against. They give me only bad publicity or press.

Donald Trump: I mean, they're getting a license. I would think maybe their license should be taken away. It will be up to Brendan Carr. I think Brendan Carr is outstanding. He's a patriot. He loves our country and he's a tough guy. So, we'll have to see.

Question: What do you think on the free speech issue?

Donald Trump: When you think about this, 97 percent of the stories are opposed to me, and yet I win easily the election. It's pretty amazing when you think of it. That shows they have no credibility. Go ahead.

Question: I was just going to agree with you. I mean, could you use that same logic with news? If someone --

Donald Trump: In the old days, I remember the old days and every four or five years a network would reapply for its license, and their license is free. You know, they get this valuable thing for free and they reapply for a license. And if they did something wrong, well, I beat George Stephanopoulos -- Slopadopoulos I call him, George Slopadopoulos, they had to pay me $15 million for what he said.

Donald Trump: I beat CBS for much more money than that, including advertising and other things, much more money because they totally changed the answer that Kamala gave for the question. I mean, they didn't change it, they took it out and put a different answer in and they didn't want to go to court with that. That's a tough one to go to court with.

Donald Trump: So, no. I think that if you remember years ago, I remember as a kid they would file -- it was a big deal every four or five years. And I don't know -- don't hold me exact but it was like four or five years they'd have to file for a license extension. I don't hear about that. The only one that I've heard even bring it up is Brendan Carr.

Donald Trump: I think Brendan Carr is doing a great job, and I think he's a great patriot.

Question: Do you [Inaudible] What do you think about the fact that you attend an event in England, a state visit is Spectacular and yet the mayor of London can't be there?

Donald Trump: I didn't want him there. I asked that he not be there. I don't want it. I think the mayor of London, Khan, is among the worst mayors in the world and we have some bad ones. If you look at Chicago, if you look at -- but I think he's the equivalent of the mayor of Chicago. I think he's done a terrible job.

Donald Trump: Crime in London is through the roof. The mayor of London, Mayor Khan has done a terrible job. And on immigration, he's a disaster. Now I asked that he not be there. He wanted to be there as I understand. I didn't want him -- I've not liked it for a long time. I just think -- you know, I have a certain pride in London and UK. My mother was born in Scotland, as you know.

Donald Trump: And when I see Mayor Khan do a bad job, the stabbings and the dirt and the filth, it's not the same. You know, I didn't want him --

Question: The prime minister said to you when I asked about are we a Christian country? His answer was that he was christened. But he's quoted in newspapers.

Donald Trump: Who is [Inaudible]

Question: The prime minister said, I was christened, he said today, this afternoon, as though that explained whether we were a Christian country. He's actually been quoted as saying -- two years ago saying he was an atheist. He's a committed atheist. Is he the kind of guy that says something when you're there and --

Donald Trump: Look, I think he's a very nice man, I really do. His wife is nice and with him for a day and a half. And you know, the thing I most disagree -- I guess I disagree with him on two things, immigration, which is very rough for the UK, very rough, and energy. As I said, the North Sea, if I had that, make a fortune with it. Look at Norway's accounts, look at the cash Norway has, and they have the same thing we're talking about.

Donald Trump: I don't even know if they have as much, but that's a tremendous asset. So, those two things, but -- I mean I get along with him great. I think he's a really fine person.

Question: You got the feeling today that business is keen to invest in the UK? Because it doesn't feel like that when you live there.

Donald Trump: Well, we made a deal with the UK and some of those companies have made a deal with the UK. But there's always strings in the US. I helped them. I helped them. I want to help them. I want them to be strong as a country. I think it's important that the UK be strong. We're so strong financially that we can get people to do other things.

Question: Mr. President, did Starmer try to talk to you about Ukraine? Did the prime minister talk to you about Ukraine? He indicated he did. What were his arguments for what you should do?

Donald Trump: He was really a little bit embarrassed, rightfully, that I caught Europe, you know, NATO countries, EU countries, you can call it either way because they're very similar. But that I caught them buying oil from Russia, and he said that's not good. I mean, I appreciated that he said that. He said that's not good.

Donald Trump: How about that? We're supposed to do all this stuff and they're buying oil from Russia. That's not good. Do you agree?

Question: Yeah.

Donald Trump: That's about pretty much all we talked about.

Question: Did he say that he would be open to --

Donald Trump: He's like to have me do something, but he also agrees they have to stop buying oil from Russia.

Question: Did he say that they would also be willing to do sanctions, that he would be willing to do sanctions on them?

Donald Trump: He said he would do sanctions, yes. And he's not one of the culprits in terms of the oil.

Question: Mr. President, Governor Josh Shapiro said that your administration is cherry picking violence that is OK and violence that is not OK. What is your response to that?

Donald Trump: It's violence and it's violence that we don't have to have. Look in DC, we took one of the most dangerous cities in the world and you can walk down -- you can take your husband, your boyfriend, your girlfriend, whoever you want to take. You can take them out to dinner tonight in DC, and you're going to be safe.

Donald Trump: It's really safe. We did a great job. We're going to do the same job in Memphis and we're going to Chicago. And I told you the head of the Union Pacific was a great gentleman, a great businessman, started as a low-level railroad -- he calls himself a railroader. It's a cool story. 45 years later, he's the chairman of the Union Pacific.

Donald Trump: He said, sir, you have to save Chicago. It's a great city. You can't let it go. And when he said that, I said, I don't really have time to wait a couple of months. Last weekend they lost -- 11 people were murdered and 28 people were shot. That's not shot at, that means actually hit, 100 were shot at and missed, that's what I call dangerous.

Donald Trump: And Pritzker is going out and saying we've got crime under control. Now it went down a little bit because for four months, five months ago, I put the FBI there, they've done a good job, but that's limited what they can do. What you really need is our big, strong soldiers to get them into shape. We're not going to get -- we're not letting Chicago fail and we're going to get started in Memphis.

Donald Trump: We'll be very successful just like we were in DC. And we're going to have to stay in DC for a while because, you know, if you leave, people have a tendency to come back. Now remember, we took 1,500 people out of there. pretty permanently out of there. We took career criminals, really bad murderers and other things.

Donald Trump: We took them out of DC; they're not coming back. You don't take them. If they come back, you're just wasting your time. So, we took them out and they're not coming back. We brought many of them back to the country from which they came. What Biden did to our country is not even, it's not believable. And to me that's worse than the inflation he caused.

Donald Trump: It's worse than what he did to our country by allowing 25 million people, which is the real number, to come in, many of whom should never be here, by emptying jails into our country and emptying mental institutions into our country. What Biden and his people -- because I don't even think it was him, I think he didn't know what was happening.

Donald Trump: But what the radical left group of people did to our country will never be forgotten. OK, have a good trip, everybody.

Question: One more -- just one last question. Who should replace Kimmel? Who would you like to see replace Kimmel on late night?

Donald Trump: Well, a lot of people, anybody could replace him. The guy had no talent. Kimmel had -- look, he was fired. He had no talent, he's a whack job, but he had no talent. And more importantly than talent, he had no -- because a lot of people have no talent, but they get ratings, but he had no ratings. His ratings were worse than Colbert, I think.

Donald Trump: They got rid of Colbert, which was a good thing to do. And look, that's something that should be talked about for licensing too. When you have a network and you have evening shows and all they do is hit Trump. That's all they do. If you go back, I guess they haven't had a conservative on in years or something somebody said.

Donald Trump: But when you go back and take a look, all they do is his Trump. They're licensed; they're not allowed to do that. They're an arm of the Democrat Party. Thank you, everybody. Thank you. Thank you. Fly safely. You know why I say that? Because I'm on the flight --

Question: I want to get home too.

Donald Trump: Otherwise, I wouldn't care.

Question: Can we just have one word on how beautiful all the women looked last night? Karoline and your wife and --

Note: [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: Well, I'm not allowed to say that politically because it could be the end of my career.

Question: We'll give you permission to say it.

Donald Trump: However, I'll say it anyway. The women looked beautiful. You looked beautiful. The women looked really beautiful. You're right, our superstar over here looked great. That's Karoline. Has she done a good job?

Question: What did you mean by the way?

Donald Trump: Everybody was great. Even the men looked beautiful, OK. It's hard not to look beautiful in that room. That was one of the coolest rooms -- that room was built for a table, but the table happened to carry 200 people. You know, it's like --

Question: What did you eat?

Donald Trump: Whatever the hell they served, I don't know. Whatever they served I had.

Question: Did you have a Diet Coke? Did Melania enjoy her time with Princess Kate today?

Donald Trump: She was great. I did too. I sat with her last night; Melania went with her today. She thought she was great. Very wonderful person. She went through a lot too, but hopefully that's all gone now. She was great. William is wonderful. I've known him from before. And I knew Charles as a prince, and I now know him as a king and he's doing very well.

Donald Trump: It was a great -- it was a lovely trip, and I thought the press was really nice. It was beautiful, you know, I watched this morning, I watched a little bit last night, it looked so beautiful. Like from a different age, right? Not an age of trouble, but we're getting rid of the trouble. Thank you very much, everybody.

Donald Trump: Have a good flight. Thank you.

Question: Appreciate it. Thank you.