Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-press-gaggle-before-marine-one-departure-april-25-2025

Question: Mr. President? Mr. President, you said that you have spoken to President Xi. When did that happen? China says it hasn't happened.

Donald Trump: I spoke to him numerous times. So we're leaving and going to Rome, where we'll be attending the funeral of Pope Francis. Some of you are going to go. Anybody going? It's going to be very interesting. We're going to meet with a lot of the foreign leaders. They want to meet. Trade deals are going very well.

Donald Trump: I think, Russia and Ukraine, I think they're coming along. We hope, very fragile. And Iran, I think is going very well. We'll see what happens. We've got working on plenty of things that shouldn't be worked on because none of this stuff should have happened. This should have been taking place by Biden. It should have been fixed by Biden, but he couldn't do it, nor could he come close to doing.

Donald Trump: So anyway, we're going to Rome to pay our respects and we'll be leaving that same day. We'll be coming back home tomorrow night, and I'll see some of you over there. Otherwise, I'll see you on television.

Note: [Crosstalk]

Question: This morning. You said you spoke with President Xi.

Donald Trump: I did.

Question: Have you spoken to him since the tariffs? When did you last speak with him?

Donald Trump: I don't want to comment on that, but I've spoken to him many times. Yeah.

Question: [Inaudible] from Japan?

Donald Trump: From Japan?

Question: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: From Japan, I'm getting along very well with Japan.

Question: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: We're very close to a deal.

Question: [Inaudible]

Question: Sir, will you be meeting with President Zelenskyy?

Donald Trump: I'll be meeting with the Italians. Yes, your prime minister?

Question: With President Zelenskyy?

Donald Trump: Oh. It's possible.

Question: How do you and the first lady remember Pope Francis? How would you --

Donald Trump: Very well, good man. He loved the world, actually, and he was just a good man. I met him twice. I thought he was a fantastic kind of a guy.

Question: -- Time magazine, that President Xi called you. When did that happen? And what did you discuss?

Donald Trump: I'll let you know at the appropriate time. Let's see if we can make a deal.

Question: Any updates on the Witkoff Putin meeting, sir? They're meeting right now. What do you hope to see transpire?

Donald Trump: Yeah, they're meeting with Putin right now as we speak, and we have a lot of things going on and I think in the end, we're going to end up with a lot of good deals, including tariff deals and trade deals. We're going to make our country rich, but we're going to try and get out of war so that we can save 5,000 people a week and that's what my aim is. I want to save 5,000 young men.

Donald Trump: They happen to be mostly Ukrainian, Russian. 5,000 young Ukrainian and Russian men, and that's a big honor if I can do it. I think we're pretty close.

Question: At least 12 States --

Donald Trump: No deadline. I just want to do it as fast as possible. What?

Question: At least 12 states have sued over your tariff plan. What do you think of those who voted for you --

Donald Trump: I think the tariff plan is doing very well. We're resetting the table. We're going to make our country very rich, very, very rich. It's already happening. Thank you very much.