Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-press-gaggle-before-marine-one-departure-july-15-2025

Donald Trump: Hello everybody.

Question: Hello, Mr. President. Mr. President, what's next for the Department of Education?

Donald Trump: We brought our star along here, we're going to Pittsburgh. We're gonna be counting about -- Actually, gonna be numbers like nobody's ever heard before. It's mostly to do with AI. Uh, we have tremendous investments being made, literally trillions of dollars of investments being made in our country on AI, artificial intelligence.

Donald Trump: I don't know if the word artificial is a good word, but that's the word. That's what they've chosen. So I think we're gonna have a very successful trip. Uh, we had a good call with the Texas Congressman this morning, as you probably heard, and that went very well. And, uh, do you have any questions? Yeah.

Question: Mr. President, your reaction to the latest numbers from the Labor Department saying that inflation rose slightly last month?

Donald Trump: Very slight. Uh, essentially, uh, they were exactly as anticipated, very low inflation. So, what you should do is lower the rate. The Fed should lower the rate immediately.

Question: Is it because of tariffs? Did tariffs --

Note: [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: We had a big win with the Supreme Court on the Department of Education. Uh, we wanna, as you know, we wanna bring education back to the states, take the federal government out of it. A little tiny bit of supervision, but very little, almost nothing. Like to make sure they speak English. That's about all we need.

Question: But what would you tell a student who might be in a struggling failing school right now? What would you tell them?

Donald Trump: Well, we have school choice and we're getting school choice approved all over the country. We just got it done in Texas. And school choice is the answer. Yes?

Question: Mr. President --

Donald Trump: Hi Steven.

Question: The deal with Indonesia --

Question: The deal with Russia is 50 days. It's been up and down. You talked to Vladimir Putin --

Donald Trump: Well, at the end of 50 days, if we don't have a deal, gonna be, uh, too bad.

Question: Should Zelenskyy get more aggressive?

Donald Trump: Yeah, the tariffs are gonna go on and other sanctions go on.

Question: Should Zelenskyy target Moscow? Should Zelenskyy target Moscow, sir? Should Zelenskyy target Moscow or deeper into Russia?

Donald Trump: No. He shouldn't target Moscow.

Question: Is that why you gave him more weapons, though? Are you willing to give long-range missiles to Ukraine as well? And are you happy about the 50 days?

Donald Trump: No, we're not looking to do that.

Question: Mr. President, why are you giving Mr. Putin 50 additional days to prosecute this war against Ukraine?

Donald Trump: Oh, I don't think 50 days is very long. And it could be sooner than that. I don't think 50 days is very long.

Question: Mr. President --

Donald Trump: You should have asked that same question to Biden. Why did he get us into this war? You should ask that question.

Question: I did ask that question. I asked that question to Biden.

Donald Trump: Yeah. And what did he tell you? Why did he get us into this war?

Question: He didn't give me an answer, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: You know why he got us in? Because he's a dummy, that's why. And you don't, and you don't cover it right.

Question: I covered it.

Donald Trump: But you should be asking that question to Biden, why did he get us into this war? Because he's incompetent. It would've never happened if I were president.

Question: Mr. President, do you [Inaudible] Mr. President, what's the deal with Indonesia [Inaudible]?

Donald Trump: So we made a deal with Indonesia. I spoke to their really great president, very popular, very strong, smart. And we, uh, made the deal. We have full access to Indonesia, everything. As you know, Indonesia is very strong on copper. Uh, but we have full access to everything. We will pay no tariffs. Uh, so they are giving us access into I- Indonesia, which we never had.

Donald Trump: That's probably the biggest part of the deal. And the other part is they are going to pay 19% and we are going to pay nothing. Uh, it's gonna -- I think it's a good deal for both parties. But we will have full access into Indonesia, and we have a couple of those deals that are gonna be announced. Uh, India basically is working along that same line.

Donald Trump: We're gonna have access into India. And you have to understand, we had no access into any of these countries. Our people couldn't go in. And now we're getting access because of what we're doing with the tariffs. So they're paying 19% and we are not paying anything. And, uh, they're gonna have, they're gonna give us full access into Indonesia.

Donald Trump: Now, Indonesia has some great product and they also have some very valuable earths and various other materials. One of the things, as you know, they're known for is very high quality copper, which we'll be using.

Question: Mr. President, Texas, sir? Do you believe your tariffs might have led inflation to increase last month? Do you think they had any role?

Donald Trump: Oh, we had very little inflation. Uh, I don't know -- Who do you work for?

Question: USA Today.

Donald Trump: What?

Question: USA Today.

Donald Trump: Oh, well, they wrote me a beautiful article the other day, so I can't get angry at you.

Question: What about the European Union [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: USA Today just wrote a very good article about me. What's that all about?

Question: What ab -- Mr. President --

Donald Trump: So I can't get angry at you.

Question: Sir --

Donald Trump: No, there was very little inflation, as you know. The numbers were very good, very much inside the margin. So we've had no inflation. All we have is we're making a fortune. We are taking in hundreds of billions of dollars. You saw we had a surplus of $25 billion last month, which we haven't had in many, many years.

Question: [Inaudible] about Brazil if they have a surplus in the United States?

Donald Trump: Uh, we are do it because I gotta, because I'm able to do it. Nobody else would be able to do it. We have tariffs going on because we want tariffs, and we want the money coming into the United States. But more important than the money, there's two aspects of tariffs. There's the money which comes in. The other aspect is that rather than paying the tariffs, the country or the company will build in the United States, make their product in the United States.

Donald Trump: And that creates jobs.

Question: Mr. President --

Donald Trump: And I would say of the two, probably the more important to me is that. Yeah?

Question: Are you on Ukraine -- Are you Ukraine's side now?

Donald Trump: No, I'm on nobody's side. I'm, n- no.

Question: Why?

Donald Trump: I wanna -- You know who the side I'm on? Humanity's side. I wanna stop the killing of thousands of people a week.

Question: What about the [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: I wanna stop the killing. I want the killing to stop in the Ukraine-Russia war. That's the side I'm on.

Question: [Inaudible] in the Epstein case. What is your [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: Uh, the Attorney General's handled that very well. Uh, she is, uh, she's really done a very good job. And I think that when you look at it, you'll understand that. Uh, I would like to see that also. But I think the Attorney General, the credibility is very important. And uh, you want credible evidence for something like that.

Donald Trump: And I think the Attorney General's handled it very well. On what? On the, uh? On what? On what subject?

Question: Epstein. On Epstein. There was few of a files that went on Pam Bondi's --

Donald Trump: A very, very quick briefing here.

Question: She's, she's, she told you -- What did she tell you about [Inaudible] Specifically, did she tell you at all that you name appears in that filing?

Donald Trump: No, no. She's, uh, she's given us just a very quick briefing, and in terms of the credibility of the different things that they've seen. And I would say that, you know, these files were made up by Comey. They were made up by Obama. They were made up by -- But the Biden inform, you know, uh. We, and we went through years of that with the Russia, Russia, Russia hoax, with all of the different things that we had to go through.

Donald Trump: We've gone through years of it, but she's handled it very well and it's gonna be up to her. Whatever she thinks is credible, she should release. Yeah?

Question: Mr. President, how many more seats do you want the Republicans to draw?

Donald Trump: Five.

Question: And then what if California, New York, Illinois and other blue states [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: Yeah, well that's okay too. But five, I think we get five. And there could be some other states. We're gonna get another three or four or five in addition. Texas would be the biggest one. And that'll be five.

Question: [Inaudible] Mr. President. [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: No, no, I just, a very simple redrawing. We pick up five seats. But we have a couple of other states where we'll pick up seats also.

Question: [Inaudible] with Fed Chairman Jerome Powell. When was the last time you spoke with him?

Donald Trump: Well, when he was in my office.

Question: And what did you tell him when he was in your office?

Donald Trump: Uh, I told him he's doing a very bad job. He's way late. That's why I call him too late. Jerome Powell is too late. He's way late. Interest rates should be coming down. We're -- We have a very, very successful country. We should have the lowest interest rate anywhere in the world. And we don't. Jerome Powell has done a terrible job and frankly, I don't think he could do a worse job.

Question: Is he not going [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: He's called everything wrong. So they had a report come out the other day, 71 different economists and me. You know who was right? Me.

Question: Are you [Inaudible] Are you going to appoint him for another term?

Donald Trump: You know that? I was right. I do know that. I did know it.

Question: Mr. President, are you going to appoint Mr. Powell to another term as Fed Chair?

Donald Trump: You must be kidding.

Question: Have you started interviewing his replacements?

Donald Trump: You must be kidding.

Question: What are your thoughts on [Inaudible] -- have you started [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: That's a funny one coming. You had to waste a question like that.

Question: Mr. President, are you still negotiating with the EU on tariffs? Are still negotiating with the EU?

Donald Trump: No. Uh, we are talking to the EU.

Question: Yes.

Donald Trump: And we're making progress. But look, you know, we already have a deal with the EU. It's called the letter that was sent out. I think it was 30%. That's the EU. But we, uh, at the same time, we are talking.

Question: What happens if the EU retaliates?

Donald Trump: No, no. Go ahead.

Question: Mr. President, [Inaudible] Andrew Cuomo staying in the New York City Mayor's race. Andrew Cuomo staying in the New York City Mayor's race?

Donald Trump: I think he should stay. I think he has a shot.

Question: Would you prefer him over --

Donald Trump: Well, I don't wanna say. You know, I'm a Republican, he's a Democrat or an Independent. No, I think Andrew would have a good shot of winning.

Question: And what [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: Gotta run a tough campaign. He's, uh --

Question: What, what's your [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: You know, he is running against the communists. I would think that he would have a good shot of winning.

Question: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: Uh, we're gonna be meeting with the British Prime Minister, very respected. And uh, we are going to have a meeting with him, probably in Aberdeen. And we're gonna do a lot of different things. And we're gonna also refine the trade deal that we've made. So we'll be meeting mostly with the, uh, at probably one of my properties.

Donald Trump: Or maybe not, depending on what happens. But, uh, we'll be in Aberdeen in Scotland, meeting with the Prime Minister.

Question: Do you have a message for [Inaudible] Mr. President, do you have a message for the EU if they retaliate for your tariff?

Donald Trump: Well, I don't know how they can retaliate. You know, they've made a lot of money. They've treated us very badly, but now they're treating us very nicely. And I think we'll end up, I think everybody's going to be happy with the EU.

Question: What's your preferred [Inaudible] -- Mr. President, any plans to meet with Pope Leo yourself?

Donald Trump: Uh, not a plan. I would do it. I have a lot of respect. I really like his brother. His brother is a major, serious Trumper. You know that? He's MAGA all the way. I like the Pope's brother, and I think I'd like the Pope. But the Pope's brother lives in Florida. I met him and he is MAGA, he's got MAGA signs all over the house.

Donald Trump: He likes Trump and I like him.

Question: [Inaudible] Mr. President [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: All right, how about you?

Question: [Inaudible] President [Inaudible] death?

Donald Trump: Well, we're gonna see what happens with President Putin. So far I've been very disappointed with President Putin. I've solved a lot of wars in the last three months, but I haven't gotten this one yet. Uh, this is a Biden war. It's not a Trump war. I'm here to try and get us outta that mess.

Question: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: Any messages for what? Yeah, go ahead. Do I have a what?

Question: Listen, I'm from [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: For the people of Brazil?

Question: Yes.

Donald Trump: Are you from Brazil?

Question: I am. [Inaudible] anywhere of that?

Donald Trump: Uh, he going to trial now, right?

Question: Yeah.

Donald Trump: When is that trial starting?

Question: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: When is the trial for Bolsonaro starting? When is it --

Question: When is it? [Inaudible] months ago.

Donald Trump: How is it going?

Question: Now, they are after him, finding him guilty.

Donald Trump: But they haven't found him guilty, have they?

Question: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: But have they found him guilty? No.

Question: Mr. President [Inaudible] --

Donald Trump: Look, here's a sub. President Bolsonaro is a good man. I've gotten to know a lot of prime ministers, and presidents, and kings and queens, and I know I'm -- And I'm pretty good at this. President Bolsonaro is not a dishonest man. He loves the people of Brazil. He fought hard for the people of Brazil. He negotiated trade deals against me for the people of Brazil.

Donald Trump: And he was very tough. And he was tough because he, he wanted to do a good deal for his country. He was not a dishonest man. And I believe it's a witch hunt and it shouldn't be happening. And it's not that I know him that -- Look, he's not like a friend of mine. He's somebody that I know, and I know him as a representative of millions of people.

Donald Trump: Brazilians, they're great people. And he loves the country, and he fought hard for those people, and they wanna put him in jail. And I think that's a, uh, witch hunt, and I think it's very unfortunate.

Question: Mr. President [Inaudible] --

Donald Trump: And nobody's happy with what Brazil is doing because Bolsonaro was a respected president, very respected.

Question: You say that you want Adam Schiff brought to justice.

Donald Trump: I would love to see him brought to justice. I think it's --

Question: Is that jail?

Donald Trump: I think, I'll tell you what, I think Adam Schiff is one of the lowest of the low. I would love to see him brought to justice. Uh, he is a dishonest, crooked guy. I don't know about the individual charge if that even happens, but Adam Schiff is a serious lowlife.

Question: And tomorrow morning here in Washington, AOC is posting, go [Inaudible] for breakfast. Were you invited?

Donald Trump: I, I'd love to be. I'd really love to go. I mean, I look forward to meeting them both. I know them both very well through what I read and through what I see. Uh, look, he's a communist. I don't think our country's ready for a communist, but we're gonna see. And I don't think that race is over yet either.

Donald Trump: You do have a couple of people running against and I, it'll be an interesting thing. Things are coming out about him which aren't good. And, uh, you know, AOC, look. I think she's very nice, but she's very low IQ, and we really don't need low IQ. Between her and Crockett, we're gonna give them both an IQ test to see who comes out best.

Donald Trump: Now, I took my test, I took a real test at Walter Reed Medical Center, and I aced it. I got every one of all those questions right. Now it's time for them to take a test. Anyway, have a good time.

Question: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: I like Dan Bongino, yeah.

Question: Mr. President, do you think Putin respects you and takes your threats seriously?

Donald Trump: I think so.

Question: One second. They get excited over you, right?

Donald Trump: They do. They get excited over you.

Question: I don't know why. Uh, first question. First, Letitia James, alleged mortgage fraud. Now we have Adam Schiff allegedly committed mortgage fraud at all. Your thoughts on that?

Donald Trump: Well, I just saw it. And I think the thing with Adam Schiff is very serious, and I think what they have on Letitia James is very serious. That's a very, very serious situation. But I have to leave that up to the district attorneys, and to the prosecutors, and to the attorney general, most importantly.

Question: Should Letitia James have a, a law license based upon the alleged violations of mortgage fraud?

Donald Trump: Well, they look pretty open and shut to me but, you know, I'm not the jury. I'm not the jury. No, it looks very serious. And Adam Schiff looks very serious. Look, he's a sleazeball, everybody knows it. And, uh, I was a little surprised, I thought he would've covered his bases a little bit better than that.

Donald Trump: Adam Schiff is a lowlife. He deserves what he gets.

Question: Let's talk about the Genius Act that you just pushed out. Let's talk a little bit about that.

Donald Trump: Yeah, we're gonna do that and, uh, we're gonna have -- We have great support for it. It's a beautiful act. It's, uh, the Genius Act. It's a beautiful act. I even like the name of it because we need smart people in our country. Thank you, Brian.

Question: [Inaudible] -- have you spoken to President Putin since, uh, the announcement [Inaudible]?