Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-press-gaggle-before-air-force-one-departure-los-angeles-january-24-2025

Donald Trump: So, thank you very much. We just heard that we have a great Secretary of Defense. We're very happy about that, and we appreciate everybody's vote. And very importantly, I think we had two fantastic meetings in North Carolina and also in Los Angeles, and we made a lot of progress. It's – they're tragic events, really tragic.

Donald Trump: And we appreciate your being here, and we're going home.

Question: What did you promise the -- the governor, Mr. President? Did he ask for federal dollars? Did he ask for your help?

Donald Trump: No, no, we just had a good talk. We're on the same team. We want to get it fixed. So, we had a very good talk. With the governor, I had a very, very good talk.

Question: What do you think of Mitch McConnell voting against Hegseth's nomination?

Donald Trump: I didn't know that. I just know we won. I didn't know that.

Question: Do you think the mayor got the message that she's got to cut red tape and get [Inaudible]?

Donald Trump: I hope the mayor got the message. Yeah. I don't know. [Laughs] I'm not sure, but I hope so. Now, look, I think she means well, but these people want to get about building their house. They're not going to wait around 18 months, and they're not going to wait around a long time.

Question: Mr. President, are you --

Donald Trump: So, we're going to give an immediate permit.

Question: Are you concerned about any other nominations for confirmation in the Senate?

Donald Trump: No. No, I'm honored to have Pete. I think Pete is going to be a great Secretary of Defense -- Pete Hegseth -- and we're honored to have him.

Question: I apologize. I couldn't hear you. Did you say you were speaking to him on the phone?

Donald Trump: No, I did speak to Pete -- yeah -- in the plane, in the helicopter. I think Pete is going to be a great Secretary of Defense.

Question: Are you disappointed that McConnell voted no?

Donald Trump: No, I didn't even know that. No, I don't know that. I just heard that we won. Winning is what matters, right? So, thank you very much everybody. Are you going on the plane?

Question: Yes.

Donald Trump: Good. Maybe I'll see you on the plane.

Question: That would be great.

Donald Trump: We'll see you on the plane.

Question: Come back.

Question: Come back and say hello, okay?

Donald Trump: I will.