Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-press-gaggle-before-marine-one-departure-september-21-2025

Question: Mr. President, are you concerned?

Donald Trump: And we're going to celebrate --

Question: Are you concerned?

Donald Trump: -- the life of a great man today, really a great man. He's a young man, but a great man. And we look forward to it. It really is, we want to look at it as a time of healing, a time of whatever. That something like this could've happened is not even believable. So will be a -- We're gonna have a very interesting day. Very tough day.

Question: Mr. President, are you concerned about --

Question: Will you fire Pam Bondi if Letitia James is not indicted?

Donald Trump: No, I -- she's doing a great job, Pam Bondi is doing a great job. I think Pam Bondi is gonna go down as one of the best Attorney Generals of the ages.

Question: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: No, I don't do that, I don't do that. I mean I look at the facts like everybody else, you read the facts, and to me she looks terrible, she looks like she's very guilty, but that's gonna be up to the DOJ.

Question: What do you hope to tell -- about the -- family?

Donald Trump: Well, I'm gonna just give them my love, there's nothing much you can say, it's uh -- you talk about the great things he's done, I mean he's been amazing, he's had a tremendous influence. For a young man that was -- he did a great job, he did a tremendous job and he had a -- a hold on youth because they loved him, they respected him, and you know if you go back ten years, those colleges were dangerous places for conservatives, and now they're hot. They're very hot, just like this country is hot. This country is doing so well, we're the hottest country anywhere in the world now.

Question: The President of Venezuela said that he wrote a letter to you asking to -- Did you get the letter and what is your response to him?

Donald Trump: Well, I don't wanna say but we'll see what happens with Venezuela. I don't wanna say that, yeah.

Question: Will you help defend Poland and the Baltic states from Russia if Russia keeps [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: Yeah I would, I would.

Question: Do you control what reporters can report on? Is the Pentagon involved in deciding what reporters can report on?

Donald Trump: Uh --

Question: Are you --

Donald Trump: Nothing -- nothing -- listen. Nothing stops reporters, you know that.

Question: Have you been briefed on the situation in Estonia [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: Yeah, we don't like it.

Question: Thank you sir.