Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-press-gaggle-after-air-force-one-arrival-july-25-2025

Donald Trump: Hello, everybody. You know our ambassador to Scotland, and it's great to be in Scotland. We are going to be meeting with the Prime Minister, uh, I guess tomorrow, a little bit tomorrow and the next day. And, uh, we're gonna do some great things. Uh, do you have any questions?

Question: [Inaudible] Ursula Von der Leyen on Sunday to discuss the EU deal?

Donald Trump: What?

Question: Are you meeting with Ursula Von der Leyen?

Donald Trump: Yes, I'll be meeting with the EU on, uh, Sunday, and we'll be working on a deal. We'll see if we make a deal. Uh, Ursula will be here. Highly respected woman, so we look forward to that. That'll be good.msng[Crosstalk]

Question: Who else will you be meeting with? What media executives are you meeting with while you're here?

Donald Trump: We'll have numerous executives that we're meeting with. A lot of -- we're gonna be meeting with a lot of people. A lot of people will be staying at Turnberry and then we're going to Aberdeen, which is the oil capital of Europe actually.

Question: Mr. President, can you explain what is kind of, what is missing in the UK deal that you have to work out?

Donald Trump: Nothing. We, uh, just, I think it's more of a celebration than a workout. It's, uh, it's a great deal for both and, uh, we're gonna have a meeting on other things other than the deal. The deal is concluded.

Question: On Gaza, French President, Emmanuel Macron, just said that France will officially recognize the Palestinian state. What's your comment uh --

Donald Trump: Well, that's what he does. I mean, you know, he, uh, that's fine if he does that. That's up to him. It's not up to me. I'm with the United States. I'm not with France.

Question: And about the humanitarian situation in Gaza, we give very dire warning about --

Donald Trump: I think it's terrible what happened with Hamas. They tapped everybody along, and we'll see what happens. We'll see what response Israel has to that, but it's getting to be that time.

Question: On the EU deal, you said there's a 50/50 chance of a deal. What is left for now? What are the final terms?

Donald Trump: With the, uh, European Union, I think we have a good 50/50 chance.

Question: What advice?

Donald Trump: That's a lot.

Question: What are the sticking points that you [Inaudible]?

Donald Trump: Well, I don't want to tell you what the sticking points are, but the sticking points are having to do with, uh, maybe, uh, 20 different things. You don't want to listen to all of them. Yes.

Question: What advice are you gonna have for our Prime Minister about free speech? Very important to people here.

Donald Trump: Well, it is, but I like your Prime Minister. He's slightly more liberal than I am, as you've probably heard, but he's a good man. He got a trade deal done and uh, you know, they've been working on this deal for 12 years. He got it done. It's a good deal. It's a good deal for the UK. So, uh, no, I'll be seeing him tomorrow, I guess, tomorrow evening.

Donald Trump: And this is our wonderful ambassador, as you know. He's doing a good job. He'll be, he's a very, very successful man who'll be doing a good job.

Note: [Crosstalk]

Question: -- is that something you gonna ask the Prime Minister [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: The best course, the best course anywhere in the world is Turnberry. The players all want to be at Turnberry. Everybody wants to be at Turnberry. So we'll see how that works out.

Question: But it's the infrastructure needs to be improved [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: Well, the infrastructure and the course is good. In fact, the Royal & Ancient, uh, I don't know if you're aware of this, they spent a lot of money, hundreds of thousands of dollars or probably into the millions of dollars, and they've laid all the wire for television and for electricity under the holes of Turnberry so that when the Open gets there, they have it all done.

Donald Trump: They paid for that.

Question: But we're talking about roads, the railway station, that sort of thing. That seems like a big [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: I don't know what you can -- All I can tell you is that it would be the best place anywhere in, in your country to have -- There's no place like it. There's no place like Turnberry. It's the best, probably the best course in the world. And I would say Aberdeen is right up there also. Aberdeen's great -- And while we're here, I'll be with my son and he's gonna cut a ribbon with the second course at Aberdeen, which is just about equal to the first.

Donald Trump: I mean, it's gonna be a battle that, you know, it's, as you know, they're very highly rated.

Question: Yeah.

Donald Trump: And the second course is great.

Question: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Sean Connery helped, helped get me the permits. Uh, if it weren't for Sean Connery, we wouldn't have those great courses.

Question: Okay. Mr. President, were you briefed on your name appearing in the Epstein files ever?

Donald Trump: No, I was never, never.

Question: What are you hoping --

Question: Are you hopeful?

Question: What are you hoping Todd Blanche interviewing Ghislaine Maxwell, what are you hoping that they get out of that?

Donald Trump: I really have no, uh, really nothing to say about it. Uh, she is, uh, being talked to by a very smart man, by a very good man, Todd Blanche.

Donald Trump: Being talked to by a very smart man, by a very good man, Todd Blanch. And, uh, I don't know anything about the conversation. I haven't really been following it. Uh --

Note: [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: -- a lot of people are asking me about pardons. Obviously this is no time to be talking about pardons.

Question: Did you --

Donald Trump: But a lot of people have asked about pardon, and this is just not a time to be talking about pardons. And Todd will come back with whatever he's got. And you're making a very big thing over something that's not a big thing. We should be talking about, if you're gonna talk about that, talk about Clinton, talk about the former president of Harvard.

Donald Trump: Talk about all of, uh, his friends. Talk about the hedge fund guys that were with him all the time. Don't talk about Trump.

Question: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Uh, what you should be talking about is the fact that we have the greatest six months in the history of a presidency, according to a lot of people. And, uh, we had an amazing six months, and this is sort of an example of it. Now we're meeting with the European Union, uh, having, we're also meeting with, as you know, the head of, uh, UK, Prime Minister.

Donald Trump: And I look forward to that. So we're meeting in terms of a deal, we're meeting with the European Union, and that would be actually the biggest deal of them all if we make it.

Question: Did you ask [Inaudible] Republican leaders to not vote on the resolution at all?

Note: [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: No, I was never, I was never involved in that. I'm focused on making deals, I'm not focused on conspiracy theories that you are. I mean, I watch you people. It's, it's so sad. You ought to talk about the success of our country instead of this nonsense you can talk about --

Question: Sir, you've done --

Donald Trump: -- over and over again.

Question: You've done an amazing job on illegal migration. A lot of people here are very worried about the situation. Record numbers.

Donald Trump: Well, I say things, I say two things to Europe. Stop the windmills. You're ruining your countries. I really mean it, it's so sad. You fly over and you see these windmills all over the place, ruining your beautiful fields and valleys and killing your birds. And, and they're stuck in the ocean, ruining your oceans.

Donald Trump: Uh, stop the windmills. And I also, I mean, there's a couple of things I could say, but on immigration, you better get your act together. But you're not gonna have Europe anymore. You gotta get your act together. And we, you know, as you know, last month we had nobody entering our country, nobody. Shut it down.

Donald Trump: And we took out a lot of bad people that got there with Biden. Biden was a total stiff in what he allowed to happen. But you're allowing it to happen to your countries and you gotta stop the, this horrible, uh, invasion that's happening to Europe, many countries in Europe. Some people, some, uh, leaders have not let it happen.

Donald Trump: And, uh, they're not getting the proper credit they, they should. I could name them to you right now, but I'm not gonna embarrass the other ones. But, stop. This immigration is killing Europe. And the other thing, stop the windmills killing the beauty of your countries. Thank you very much everybody.