Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-press-gaggle-before-air-force-one-departure-september-14-2025

Donald Trump: Hello everybody.

Question: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: No, it's a very sad weekend in the sense that, uh, we lost a great person. Uh, I'll be going on, uh, early Sunday morning. We're going to Arizona, taking some people with us on Air Force One. Maybe you people are gonna be with us. I don't know. But we're gonna be going Saturday early -- early on Sunday morning. [Inaudible]

Question: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: Go ahead.

Question: How were the talks today [Inaudible]?

Donald Trump: Good. We had talks, uh, going on. Scott Bessent is there and some others. Samuelson is here. And yeah, I think they're going fine.

Question: [Inaudible]?

Donald Trump: We're gonna see, but, uh, we've hit them very hard in so many other ways. I don't know if you know. Do you know what they're paying right now? What are they paying right now? Do you know what China's paying right now in tariff?

Question: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: Huh?

Question: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: A lot.

Question: Mr. President, have you [Inaudible]?

Donald Trump: Yeah, I know exactly what's happening.

Question: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: A lot of drugs are coming out of Venezuela. Uh, a lot of Tren de Aragua. They're trying to get out. We're stopping them successfully at the border in Venezuela. We have, uh, a tremendous amount of security. They're sending Tren de Aragua. That's the gang. They're probably the worst gang in the world, MS-13 and them.

Donald Trump: I think they're probably considered worse. And we don't like what Venezuela is sending us. Whether it's their drugs or whether it's their gang members, we don't like it. We don't like it one bit. [Inaudible] You wanna move over here, fellas? Wouldn't it be easier for you? Go ahead.

Question: [Inaudible]?

Donald Trump: Uh, look, we're with them. You know, they've been a great ally. A lot of people don't understand that about Qatar. But Qatar's been a great ally and they also, uh, lead a very difficult life because they're right in the middle of everything. So they have to be a little bit, uh, politically correct in their terms.

Donald Trump: But I will tell you, they've been a great ally for the United States, Qatar.

Question: Mr. President, do you anticipate more strikes on Venezuela [Inaudible]?

Donald Trump: Well, we'll see what happens. There's certainly not a lot of boats out there, I'll tell you, since the first strike and then, to a lesser extent, the second. We don't see any go -- I mean, we almost see no boats out there, which is fine as far as I'm concerned. There's been very little boat traffic. I can't imagine why.

Question: Again, [Inaudible], and just on that, do you think you will start with strikes on mainland Venezuela [Inaudible]?

Donald Trump: We'll see what happens. Look, Venezuela is sending us their gang members, their drug dealers, and drugs. It's not acceptable.

Question: Mr. President, [Inaudible] getting rid of Maduro [Inaudible]?

Donald Trump: We'll see what happens. If it's not an option or an not option, we'll see. Uh, he had an election that was wrong. This -- it was almost as corrupt as our election of 2020. Did you know that? Do you know what I'm talking about? I wouldn't say theirs was much more corrupt, but it was certainly corrupt. But ours was corrupt also.

Question: Mr. President, [Inaudible]?

Donald Trump: I may or may not. They're negotiating TikTok right now. We may let it die or we may -- I don't know. It depends. Up to China. It doesn't matter too much. I'd like to, uh, do it for the kids. They liked it. I mean, selfishly speaking, I did very well on TikTok and I got the youth vote. I got numbers that nobody's ever even come close to in the Republican Party, nobody.

Donald Trump: If you look back to Romney and all these people, they got practically no votes. I got a lot. And, uh, some was attributed to TikTok and a lot was attributed to Charlie.

Question: Mr. President, did you, uh -- uh, [Inaudible]?

Donald Trump: Well, my message is this. They have to be very, very careful. They have to do something about Hamas. But, uh, Qatar has been a great ally to the United States. A lot of people don't know that. I told the Emir, who I think is a wonderful person, actually, I said, "You need better public relations because you don't really get the public relations." I mean, people talk of it so badly and they shouldn't be. They -- Qatar's been a very great ally.

Donald Trump: So Israel and everybody else, we have to be careful. When -- when we attack people, we have to be careful.

Question: You mentioned Charlie Kirk, sir. What, um, uh, [Inaudible] investigating [Inaudible]?

Donald Trump: Well, the problem is on the left. When you look at the problems, the problem is on the left. It's not on the right, like some people like to say on the right. The problem we have is on the left. And when you look at the agitators, uh, the -- the -- you look at the -- the scum that speaks so badly of our country.

Donald Trump: The American flag burnings all over the place, that's the left, that's not the right.

Question: Who do you plan on investigating?

Donald Trump: We'll see. We'll be announcing.

Question: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: They're already under investigation.

Question: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: You know, they're already under major investigation. A lot of the people, uh, that you would traditionally say are on the left.

Question: They're already under investigation?

Donald Trump: Already under investigation.

Question: Have you asked to start revoking the visas of those who have celebrated Charlie Kirk's death?

Donald Trump: What?

Question: Have you asked to start revoking the visa of the foreigners who have celebrated Charlie Kirk's death?

Donald Trump: No, we haven't. We haven't. But we are looking at names. We don't like that. That's not right. We wouldn't celebrate if something happened on their side. And we don't. These are sick people. These are really deranged people.

Question: Any progress on the Fed Chairman, sir?

Donald Trump: Well, other than I don't like him.

Question: No, but [Inaudible]?

Donald Trump: He's in -- well, he's incompetent. The Fed Chairman is incompetent. Sure, I have three people that I like a lot. Any one of them would do a good job.

Question: Mr. President, one more on Venezuela.

Donald Trump: But I think you'll have a big cut because I -- I -- really, I -- I don't think he can help with cutting. It's perfect for cutting. And the thing that he is hurting most is housing for people. But -- because we're doing well and everything. Energy's way down. Groceries are down. Everything, almost everything is way down.

Donald Trump: But housing because of the Fed is not what it should be. It's okay, but it's not what it should be.

Question: [Inaudible] of the U.K., sir?

Donald Trump: What about it?

Question: What are you expecting ahead of [Inaudible]?

Donald Trump: Nothing. The trip to U.K. is gonna be incredible. They've never done it before, twice honored. And that's because we had non-consecutive terms. You know that. You probably know that. But back in the days of Grover Cleveland, because I don't think they did this too recently. So, uh, we'll see. But this is the first time it's ever happened.

Donald Trump: And Windsor is supposed to be amazing. They've never used Windsor. They've never had Windsor for this. And, uh, they're gonna be doing Windsor Castle. It's gonna be very exciting. I think a lot of you are going with me. You're going with us? Huh? Are you going with us, Maggie? Maggie: Not with you.

Donald Trump: Good.

Question: Uh, um, just one more on Venezuela. The President of Venezuela called the striking on the boat illegal. Are you concerned that Maduro might escalate something?

Donald Trump: No. What's illegal are the drugs that were on the boat and the drugs that are being sent into our country, and the fact that 300 million people died last year from drugs. That's what's illegal.

Question: Do you think he's not telling the truth when he said it with a fisherman's boat? Do you [Inaudible]?

Donald Trump: Oh, they're -- give me a [Inaudible] You could see it. You saw the bags of white everything, right through the bags. It's, uh, nonsense. So we knew it before they even left. We knew it before they even left. We knew exactly where that boat -- where it came from, where the drugs came from, and where it was heading.

Donald Trump: And the problem is, nobody's getting on boats anymore. So maybe that's a good problem.

Question: Do you expect NATO to [Inaudible]?

Donald Trump: Well, they're not doing the job. NATO has to get together. Europe has to get together and do it. Look, Europe is, they're my friends, but they're buying oil from Russia. So we can't be expected to be the only ones that are all, you know, full -- full bore. But Europe is buying oil from Russia. I don't want them to buy oil.

Donald Trump: And the sanctions that are putting -- that they're putting on are not tough enough. And I'm willing to do sanctions, but they're gonna have to toughen up their sanctions commensurate with what I'm doing.

Question: Mr President, to clarify, you wanna move ahead until NATO moves ahead?

Donald Trump: Well, I'm -- I'm ready to move ahead, but they have to do it. I think they will, but right now they're talking and they're not doing. Look, they're buying oil from Russia. We're not buying oil from Russia. They're buying a lot of oil from Russia. That's not the deal.

Question: [Inaudible]

Question: Um, on, on, sorry, on, um, on Putin, two weeks ago, you told us that you would decide who was more to blame for the impasse of the report, whether it's Ukraine or whether it's Russia. How are you feeling like that?

Donald Trump: But when you say impact, impact of what?

Question: The impasse. Sorry, like that nothing's happening.

Donald Trump: Oh, impasse? It's not gonna matter because when they go on, they're gonna be very, very strong. So it's not gonna matter. Maggie, go ahead.

Question: Mr. President, um, uh, European nations do still buy, some of them buy natural gas from Russia --

Donald Trump: Right. Right.

Question: Would you like to see that pulled back as well?

Donald Trump: That's not the deal though.

Question: Okay.

Donald Trump: The deal is they're not suppose, whether it's natural gas or whether it's cigarettes, I don't care, they're not supposed to be buying from Russia. We're spending a lot of money giving. Now, I will say this, right now we're just selling weapons to NATO. It's pretty amazing. Now, Biden spent $350 billion. I've, I'm spending nothing.

Donald Trump: In fact, we're making money. But I wanna stop the killing. So it just came out, or I think it came out, but I know for a fact, uh, almost 8,000 young soldiers died this week between the two countries, a little bit more from Russia, but divided. Uh, you know, when you're the aggressor, you lose more. I don't know if you know that, but in war when you're the aggressor, you tend to lose more.

Donald Trump: But it was a little bit more for Russia, but it was 8,000, a little bit more than -- 8,017 actually died this week in that war. Why? And they're Russians. They're not American soldiers, but they're still human beings. They're souls. And I wanna stop it.

Question: But then you'll --

Donald Trump: And, you know, I stopped seven wars. I thought this was gonna be an easy one for me, but this has turned out to be tough. The hatred between Zelenskyy and Putin is unfathomable.

Question: Do you still believe that they will talk? That they will have a me --

Donald Trump: I don't know, I think I'm going to have to do all the talking. They hate each other.

Question: When do you think that will take place?

Donald Trump: I don't know. Relatively soon

Question: Has any other NATO --

Donald Trump: We're gonna get it worked out one way or the other, but relatively soon

Question: Has any of the NATO --

Donald Trump: They hate each other so much, they can't breathe. So I'm gonna have to get involved. Yeah, go.

Question: Has any of the NATO members responded to the letter you sent yesterday?

Donald Trump: Yeah. Sure.

Question: Can you tell us --

Donald Trump: They know it's true.

Question: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: They don't wanna deny it, you know? They, they said, "Well, I'd rather not talk about it." I said, "Don't -- What do you mean you'd rather not?" That means you're guilty, right? Yeah, no, they agree. I mean, they, they -- look, they're buying oil. And they're buying it through a couple of countries that are selling it. So they're not buying it directly.

Donald Trump: Countries are buying oil from Russia and selling it into certain NATO countries. Not all, but certain very substantial NATO countries. That's not the deal. Okay? We all set?

Question: Just, just one more question.

Donald Trump: Are we all set?

Aide: We're good. You go ahead, [Inaudible]

Question: Sorry. The last one. Just to clarify then, you anticipate next step with the Ukraine [Inaudible] summit, like a trilateral summit?

Donald Trump: There'll be talks. Whether you call it a summit or just a get-together, doesn't matter, but I'll probably have to get -- They, they hate each other so much they almost can't talk. They're incapable of talking to each other. Thank you.

Question: [Inaudible] Mr. President, will the First Lady accompany you to Charlie Kirk's memorial next week?

Donald Trump: Uh, I don't, I didn't ask her that, but a lot of people are. Uh, but we're going to, uh, Europe just before --

Question: To the UK.

Donald Trump: -- so we're gonna be doing that.

Question: Okay.

Donald Trump: Okay? I haven't even thought of it. I've been thinking about other things. Okay. Thank you very much.

Question: Thank you, Mr. President.