Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-press-gaggle-before-marine-one-departure-september-11-2025

Question: Are you concerned for your own safety?

Donald Trump: Not really. I'm really concerned for our country. We have a great country. We have a radical left group of lunatics out there, just absolute lunatics. And we're going to get that problem solved. I'm only concerned for the country.

Question: Mr. President, how do you want to see your supporters respond to this? Charlie Kirk was a big advocate of nonviolence and free speech on campus. How do you want your supporters to respond, sir?

Donald Trump: I think that way he was, he was an advocate of nonviolence. That's the way I'd like to see people respond.

Question: Did you speak to his family?

Donald Trump: Sorry?

Question: Did you speak with his family this afternoon?

Donald Trump: I did. I spoke to Erica, his wife. We had a long talk, and she's devastated. She's absolutely devastated, as you can imagine.

Question: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: I don't know what you said.

Question: Mr. President, are you planning to bring both Presidents, the President of Congo, Félix Tshisekedi, and President of Rwanda to be here?

Donald Trump: They're coming soon. They're coming soon. And as you know, I spoke to their foreign ministers. They were here a couple of weeks ago, as you'll remember, and they'll be coming soon. The Presidents are coming very soon.

Question: This week, Mr. President, I witnessed more than 60 people in DRC Congo were killed. There is people affiliated with ISIS. Terrorist groups are taking advantage because of this situation going on because of the war. So what is your word for Congolese people?

Donald Trump: Well, we're going to be talking to them. As you know, we are talking to them. It's a very violent place. It's very, very violent. For a long time, it's been going on, for 30 years, 35 years even, they say. But we're going to handle it. Thanks.

Question: Can you comment on the [Inaudible] Eastern Poland?

Donald Trump: I can't understand.

Question: Mr. President, what do you think of the media that justified the murder of Charlie Kirk?

Donald Trump: I think it's terrible. The gotta be ashamed.

Question: Mr. President, why haven't they found the shooter yet? Mr. President, are you concerned that it's been 24 hours?

Donald Trump: Well, I hear they're making big progress and we'll have to see what happens.

Question: Do you have any indication of the shooter's motivation, sir?

Donald Trump: I have an indication, yeah, but we'll let you know about that later.

Question: You spoke with Uzbekistani President and you sent greetings to Kazakhastan. UN General Assembly is upcoming. Are you going to meet with the Presidents of Central Asian countries?

Donald Trump: President of where?

Question: Central Asian countries, Kazakhstan.

Donald Trump: I will be, yeah. They're very good people and I will be doing that, yes.

Question: Do you believe that [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: I'd rather not say, I think progress is being made. He is an animal, total animal. And hopefully, they'll have him and they'll get him. What he did is disgraceful. Charlie Kirk was a great person, a great man, great in every way, especially with youth. And what he did, what this man did was disgraceful. So hopefully, we'll have him and we will deal with him very appropriately.

Question: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: Could have been a mistake. Could have been a mistake. But regardless, I'm not happy about anything having to do with that whole situation. But hopefully, it's going to come to an end.

Question: Mr. President, in Brazil, Bolsonaro was just found guilty by the Supreme Court. You've been very clear that you would apply sanctions. Are you thinking further sanctions to Brazil because of Bolsonaro?

Donald Trump: Well, I watched that trial. I know him pretty well. Foreign leader, I thought he was a good President of Brazil and it's very surprising that that could happen. That's very much like they tried to do with me, but they didn't get away with it at all. But I can only say this, I knew him as President of Brazil.

Donald Trump: He was a good man. And I don't see that happening.

Question: I'm very sorry for your loss.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Question: How do you think Israel's attack in Doha will affect the hostage deal?

Donald Trump: You better say it a little bit more. Where are you from?

Question: I'm from Israel. Channel 14. It's lik --

Donald Trump: Go ahead, do it again. Do it again.

Question: Okay. How do you think Israel's attack in Doha will affect the hostage deal?

Donald Trump: Well, hopefully it won't affect it at all. We want the hostages out and we want them out soon. Hopefully, it won't affect it.

Question: Thank you so much.

Donald Trump: Mr. President, my condolences on the loss of your good friend, Charlie Kirk. May I ask, sir, personally, how are you holding up over the last day and a half, sir?

Donald Trump: I think very good. And by the way, right there, you see all the trucks, they've just started construction of the new ballroom for the White House, which is something they've been trying to get, as you know, for about 150 years. And it's going to be a beauty. It'll be a absolutely magnificent structure. And I just see all the trucks.

Donald Trump: We just started. So it'll get done very nicely and it'll be one of the best anywhere in the world actually. Thank you very much.

Question: Will you get to meet with Mayor Adams when you're in New York? Do you expect to?

Donald Trump: I don't expect to. I would, but I don't expect to.

Question: Mr. President, do you have one favorite memory of Charlie?

Donald Trump: Many favorite memories. He was just a great guy. I've never seen a person that was a little bit older get along so well with youth. He got along with young people, I've never seen anything like it. And he really helped me a lot. I did very well, as you know, with young people, and he was a big factor. How are you, all right?

Question: I'm well, thanks. How are you? Are you going to go to Charlie Kirk's funeral, sir?

Donald Trump: I will be.

Question: You will? Do you know when that will be?

Donald Trump: I believe it's in Arizona, and they've asked me to go. I think I have an obligation to do that.

Question: Do you know when that will be?

Donald Trump: I hear next weekend.

Question: After your trip?

Donald Trump: I'm hearing next weekend.

Question: Are you frustrated that they have not caught the perpetrator yet?

Donald Trump: Well, I hear they're making great strides, Maggie. I hear they're making great strides. They have pictures and some other things, and they found the weapon. Big factor. So they're very talented people. Let's see what happens.

Question: Mr. President --

Donald Trump: Certainly, we hope we can do it soon.

Question: -- do you have a reaction to the Brazilian Supreme Court convicting Bolsonaro?

Donald Trump: Yeah, I'm very happy about it. I know President Bolsonaro not so well, but I know him as a leader of a country, and I always found him to be very straight, very outstanding, actually as a man, a very outstanding man. I think it's a terrible thing. Very terrible.

Question: Do you condemn Russian flying drone --

Donald Trump: Actually, I think it's very bad for Brazil.

Question: Do you condemn Russian flying drones in Poland?

Donald Trump: Well, I hear that what happened as you know where they were taken down, and they went a little berserk. But regardless, yes, I would condemn even for being near that line. I don't like it. I'm not happy about it. That whole thing I'm not happy about.

Question: Mr. Presiden --

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.

Question: [Inaudible] with Japan [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: Well, we have a great case and everyone thinks it's going to be very successful. It's a great case. I don't see how anybody could be successful.

Question: Great speech today. What is your message to other conservative, influencer, podcasters, TV hosts, that they might be targeted by some of these radical groups?

Donald Trump: Well, we have to be brave in life. In all fairness, we have a life and we have to be brave. I probably shouldn't be out here talking to you in all fairness, but we will be brave and we have a great country. We have radical left lunatics out there and we just have to beat the hell out of them.

Question: Charlie was my boss. She works for Charlie Kirk, Turning Point USA. Charlie Kirk was my boss and we are absolutely devastated. So I'm wondering if you have a message for our Turning Point USA family.

Donald Trump: I do. It's a great family. They're great friends of mine. He was, I would say nobody stronger for me than Charlie Kirk. This is a devastating moment for the country and as you know, I'm giving him the Presidential Medal of Freedom, which is the biggest award outside of the Congressional Medal of Honor. That's the civilian version of the Congressional Medal of Honor and he deserves it and I look forward to it. I'll be going to his funeral.

Question: Do you have a favorite moment? Do you have a favorite moment with Charlie Kirk?

Donald Trump: The overall person, the persona of Charlie Kirk. I mean he was unbelievable, especially with you. Now, he was a young guy, but older than the people he was even catering to. I've never seen anybody have such an impact on young people.

Question: What was going through your mind today at delivering the speech at the Pentagon? What was going through your mind?

Donald Trump: I felt so sad. Charlie was on my mind even though the speech was initially about Charlie and then we went on to September 11th. But more than anything else, Charlie was on my mind. It's very fresh and a very horrible thing. He was a great man.

Question: Mr. President, are you planning t -- What's your message to the millions of young Americans who feel like their voice, their political voice was snuffed out an --

Donald Trump: All I can say is hang in there. And I think Turning Point, I spoke with Erika, wife, and they have great people in Turning Point and I think they're going to carry it forward and they're going to make Charlie very proud looking down on us all. But he was incredible. He really helped me with the election too.

Donald Trump: We won youth, we did great with young people, which really doesn't happen very often with Republican candidates. If you take a look at Mitt Romney and some of these others, they did so badly and I did so well and Charlie was a big factor. Thank you all.

Note: [Crosstalk]