Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-press-gaggle-air-force-one-march-16-2025

Donald Trump: Hello, everybody.

Question: Hello. Hello, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Nice to see you all.

Question: Likewise. You as well. Congratulations on the golf game, sir.

Donald Trump: Oh, thank you. It was a lot of fun. It's good, we had a great -- a good time. We learned a lot. We're doing pretty well, I think, with Russia. We'll see if we have something to announce maybe by Tuesday. I'll be speaking to President Putin on Tuesday, and a lot of work's been done over the weekend. We want to see if we can bring that war to an end.

Donald Trump: Maybe we can, maybe we can't, but I think we have a very good chance.

Question: What sort of concessions will you be seeking to have Putin make to get a deal done?

Donald Trump: Well, I think we'll be, you know, talking about land. It's a lot of land. It's a lot different than it was before the wars, you know. We'll be talking about land. We'll be talking about power plants because that's -- you know, it's a big question. But I think we have a lot of it already discussed very much by both sides.

Question: You'll ask him to --

Donald Trump: Ukraine and Russia.

Question: You'll ask him to --

Donald Trump: We're already talking about that, dividing up certain assets. Yeah. And they've been working on that.

Question: Mr. President, were you concerned all about any retaliatory costs from the strikes in Yemen?

Donald Trump: About what?

Question: The airstrikes in Yemen. Are you concerned about any retaliatory measures taken at all --

Donald Trump: No, I'm not. Really, I'm not.

Question: Mr. President, do you plan to comply with the judge's order regarding rehiring the federal workers?

Donald Trump: What are you talking about?

Question: The Clinton-appointee judge that ruled that the federal government has to rehire the fired federal workers. Do you plan to comply with that?

Donald Trump: Well, I think it's -- I think it's -- I have nothing to do with that other than I heard about the decision. I think it's absolutely ridiculous, absolutely. It's a judge that's putting himself in the position of the president of the United States, who was elected by close to 80 million votes. You have that happening more and more, and that's a very dangerous thing for our country.

Donald Trump: And I would suspect that we're going to have to get a decision from the Supreme Court, but that's a very dangerous decision for our country.

Question: Mr. President --

Donald Trump: These are people, in many cases, they don't show up for work. Nobody even knows if they exist. And a judge wants us to pay them even if they don't know if they exist. I don't think that's going to be happening. But we'll have to see. You have to speak to the lawyers about that.

Question: Sir, Mr. President, did the administration actually, speaking of orders, violate Judge Boasberg's order in sending back the Venezuelan gang members and not bringing them payback?

Donald Trump: Well, you have to speak -- I don't know. You have to speak to the lawyers about that.

Question: Are you planning to do more deportations --

Donald Trump: I can tell you this, these were bad people. That was a bad group of, as I say, hombres.

Question: Will you --

Donald Trump: That was a bad group, when you look at them and you look at the crimes that they've committed, you take a look. You don't get any tougher, you don't get worse than that. You understand that. But you'd have to ask the lawyers. Yeah?

Question: Sir, there's some criticism that the Alien Enemies Act has only been invoked three other times. They were all during times of war. Do you feel that you're using it appropriately right now?

Donald Trump: Well, this is a time of war because Biden allowed millions of people, many of them criminals, many of them at the highest level. They emptied jails out, other nations emptied their jails into the United States. That's an invasion. And these are criminals, many, many criminals, murderers, drug dealers at the highest level, drug lords, people from mental institutions.

Donald Trump: That's an invasion. They invaded our country. So, this is a -- in that sense, this is war. In many respects, it's more dangerous than war because in war, they have uniforms. You know who you're shooting at, you know who you're going after. These are people that came out, they're walking our streets. We have thousands of murderers that Biden in his incompetence -- first of all, he's grossly incompetent.

Donald Trump: But that Biden and his people and his probably autopen, it looked like we had an autopen for a president, and we would've been better off if we had probably. But it looks to me like, you know, that's a big subject. I'm sure you won't ask about that. But the whole subject of autopen, did he know what he was doing?

Donald Trump: Did he authorize it? Or is this somebody in an office, maybe a radical left lunatic, just signing whatever that person wants? That's not what, you know, it's all about. I never used it. I mean, we may use it as an example to send some young person a letter because it's nice -- you know, we get thousands and thousands of letters and letters of support for young people, for people that aren't feeling well, etc.

Donald Trump: But to sign pardons and all of the things that he signed with an autopen is disgraceful.

Question: Mr. President, as markets and consumers continue reacting to tariffs -- sorry, as markets and consumers react to tariffs, do you have any inclination to create exceptions or to ease up on any?

Donald Trump: About what?

Question: To create exceptions to the steel and aluminum tariffs --

Donald Trump: No, I have no intention of it. No.

Question: No? Is this your --

Donald Trump: April 2nd is a liberating day for our country. We're going to be getting back some of the wealth that very, very foolish presidents gave away because they had no clue what they were doing. And April 2nd -- I would've made it April 1st. But you know what April 1st is? April Fool's Day. I figured, you know, I don't like doing it, but I made it April 2nd. But it's a liberation day for our country because we're going to be getting back a lot of the wealth that we so foolishly gave up to other countries, including friend and foe.

Donald Trump: Yes, go ahead.

Question: You talked about the hangover from the Biden economy. Is this your economy now?

Donald Trump: Certain things are. Certainly tariffs are, which we've already taken in billions of dollars. You know, we've taken in already of dollars, and we haven't even really started the program other than certain areas, certain pinpointed areas, as you know. And many billions of dollars have already come into our country.

Donald Trump: But the big money is coming in on April 2nd, from April 2nd. But I will tell you what is more, when I took it over, eggs were through the roof. And now, eggs are down 35% over a short period of time, and other things. Fuel, gasoline, energy is down, way down. Oil is down to $65 a barrel. It was $82 a barrel.

Donald Trump: And when energy comes down, pricing is going to come down, prices for groceries, etc., are going to come down. So, yeah, I think we are setting a good table.

Question: Sir, on April 2nd's tariffs, are you planning to do sectoral and reciprocal tariffs? Will you do sectoral --

Donald Trump: Yeah. What we are going to do in certain cases about -- it's going to be reciprocal. In other words, whatever they're charging, we're charging. Very simple. If they're charging us, we're charging them. It's no longer they charge us, but we don't charge them. It's foolish presidents. Biden, but others also, in all fairness.

Donald Trump: Look, Biden is the worst president we've ever had. He made Jimmy Carter look like a good president. But on this, a lot of other presidents were guilty also. Some very good presidents were guilty. They charge us, and we charge them. Then, in addition to that, on autos, on steel, on aluminum, we're going to have some additional tariffs.

Question: Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Question: So, to follow up on the Biden autopen, are those executive orders, are those pardons from the former president now null and void?

Donald Trump: Well, I think so. It's not my decision. That'll be up to court. But I would say that they're null and void because I'm sure Biden didn't have any idea that it was taking place. And somebody was using an autopen to sign off and to give pardons to, as an example, just one example, but the J6 unselect committee.

Donald Trump: They gave -- think of it. They gave pardons with an autopen. I don't think Biden knew anything about it. And what they did is they deleted and destroyed all of the information that took them over a year to get. And the reason they did that is because the information was very incriminating about them. Like Nancy Pelosi, it was determined conclusively that she knew about 10,000 soldiers and turned it down.

Donald Trump: And if we used 500 soldiers, you would've had no problem, let alone 10,000. The young lady that said that I grabbed these powerful young Secret Service agents by the neck, OK, you know that was a big hoax. It was a lie. And she admitted it and they deleted everything. So, what they did is criminal. I think we're about to land, everybody.

Question: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: OK. Have a good time. We'll see you very soon.

Question: Are you going to the Kennedy Center tomorrow?

Donald Trump: I am. I'll see you at the Kennedy Center. You know, we have to straighten it out. It's not a good situation like everything else in this country.

Question: Do you worry because Vice President Vance was booed there a couple days ago?

Donald Trump: No.

Question: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: And he's doing a great job. He's doing a great job. Thank you, everybody.

Aide: [Inaudible] thank you, press. Thank you, Mr. President.