Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-press-gaggle-before-marine-one-departure-april-29-2025

Donald Trump: Hello, everybody. We're going to a great state that we won very big, Michigan, and we're going to have an Air force base that's not going to be closing. We're going to keep it open for the people of Michigan and for our country. And I look forward to that. Some of you are going and some of you aren't. Any questions?

Question: [Inaudible] Jeff Bezos?

Donald Trump: Great. Jeff Bezos was very nice. He was terrific. He solved a problem very quickly and he did the right thing and he's a good guy.

Question: How you spoken to President [Inaudible] update?

Donald Trump: No, not an update, no, not an update.

Question: Jordan Conrad from the Gateway Pundit. I want to get your response on the left media. They're trying to hide the mug shots that are featured on the front lawn of rapists, murderers, pedophiles. What do you think of that? Aren't they proving to be the enemy of the people?

Donald Trump: Well, I guess they are -- I guess they are, right? Yeah, who are you with?

Question: I like your hat by the way.

Donald Trump: Who are you with?

Question: The Gateway Pundit, sir. Mr. President, sir, what's your message to republicans on the Hill who seem not to be on board with your political agenda? What do you say to that?

Donald Trump: Oh, I think they're going to be all aboard. I think the republicans are really with us. We have the Big, Beautiful Deal moving along and I think we're going to have it taken care of. I think they'll all be there.

Question: [Inaudible] -- will you end the IRS? Tell us about your decision on the auto tariff, sir?

Donald Trump: We just wanted to help them during this little transition, short term. And during this little -- if they can't get parts, it has to do with a very small percentage. If they can't get parts, we didn't want to penalize them. And during -- they have a one-year period and then they have an extra year. But it's for a very, very small part of the car.

Donald Trump: Basically, they're paying 25 percent. All right?

Question: Mr. President, the Panama Canal

Note: [Crosstalk]

Question: Mr. President, with the Internal Revenue Service -- [Inaudible]?

Donald Trump: Yeah, nothing that really -- he's a good guy. I've gotten to know him over the last couple of years and he's done a fantastic job. So, I appreciated what he did.

Note: [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: There you go.

Question: Michigan, you're going to list the accomplishments of the administration. If there was one big thing you wanted to have happen in the first 100 days, what would it be?

Donald Trump: Well, I think either we've done everything or it's in the process of being done. For instance, the border is in great shape, 99.9 percent came out again today, 99.9, I would say that was my number one thing. The economy would be certainly right up there and I think it's doing great. We were losing billions and billions of dollars a day with trade, and now I have that down to a very low level.

Donald Trump: And soon we're going to be making a lot of money. We're going to be reducing people's taxes and we're going to get the big -- look, a very important element that we're working on now, maybe more important than anything with the border in good shape, is the fact -- excuse me, is the fact that we want to get, and very importantly, the Big, Beautiful New Deal, if we get that done, that's the biggest thing what's happening in congress right now.

Donald Trump: And I think we're going to get it done. We have great republican support. If the democrats blocked it, you'd have a 60 percent tax increase. I don't think that's going to happen. We have great support from republicans. So, the Big, Beautiful Deal, that's what we want, the bill.

Question: [Inaudible] 100 days?

Donald Trump: I think -- the next period of time I think my biggest focus will be on congress with the deal that we're working on. That will be the biggest bill in the history of our country in terms of tax cuts and regulation cuts and other things.

Question: -- Canadian elections --

Note: [Crosstalk]

Question: Mr. President, who would you see -- who would you like to see as pope?

Donald Trump: As pope? I'd like to be pope, that would be my number one choice. No, I don't know. I have no preference. I must say, we have a cardinal that happens to be out of a place called New York who's very good. So, we'll see what happens. Go ahead.

Question: Yes, Mr. President, you are doing so much for Africa. You are the first president that in the first 100 days focus on Africa for the first time in the history of this country. Are you planning maybe in the future to visit the continent?

Donald Trump: Sure, I would do that. I would do that, absolutely.

Question: [Inaudible]? Mr. President?

Donald Trump: Yeah, go ahead.

Question: Will you speak to the prime minister of Australia at all? [Inaudible] prime minister [inaudible]?

Donald Trump: They are calling and I will be talking to them, yes.

Question: Probably something with the tariffs and automobiles? Were you worried about the automobile companies?

Donald Trump: No, not at all. We've just given them a little chance because in some cases they can't get the parts fast enough. So, this is just a little transition. It's 15 percent for one year and just 10 percent for another, it's a little bit uh and it has to do -- that's only the percentage of parts on the car. So, it's a little bit of help for people that will be doing a great job.

Donald Trump: And these are all people for the most part that are building plants and will be working here. So, it's a little transition.

Note: [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: Go ahead. What?

Question: [Inaudible] India?

Donald Trump: India is coming along great; I think we'll have a deal with India. The prime minister, as you know, was here three weeks ago and they want to make a deal. We'll see what happens. Thank you. Thank you.