Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-press-gaggle-air-force-one-april-11-2025

Donald Trump: Hello everybody.

Question: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: Just got back from Walter Reed.

Question: How did it go?

Question: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: Well, I think well. I think well. Every test you can imagine. I was there for a long time. The yearly physical. Uh, d -- I think I did well. Y -- I think they're releasing the report on Sunday. Doctor is highly respected -- Doctors, great place. Great, amazing place.

Question: Did they give you any suggestions or advice on anything you need to change up?

Donald Trump: A little bit, but overall I think I'm in very -- I felt I was in very good shape, good heart, a good soul, very good soul. And, uh, I took -- I wanted to be a little different than Biden. I took a cognitive test and I don't know what to tell you other than I got every answer right. Um, they took, uh, just a lot of different tests having to do with the heart, having to do with other things, and I think you'll find that I've g -- they're gonna release the report on Sunday.

Donald Trump: I think you'll find it very good.

Question: Can you tell us about the cognitive test? Is that man, woman, person, camera, TV?

Donald Trump: It's a, uh -- I think it's a pretty well known test. Whatever it is, I got every one -- I got it all right, as I've done about four times. And I've taken, I've taken the cognitive test I think four times, and, a -- I've got nothing wrong. That's what the American people want. Right? Biden refused to take it. Kamala refused to take it. And I think most of them refused to take it, but I don't refuse to take it. What else?

Question: Can I ask you what, what you thought of the, the market today and this week?

Donald Trump: The which one?

Question: The markets this week and the [Inaudible] shares.

Donald Trump: Well, I think the markets were solid today. I think people can see we're in great shape. We have, uh -- We're making a lot of money as a country now for the first time in a long time. We were losing billions of dollars a day and now we're making millions of dollars a day, and that's a big difference, and we didn't lower it down to 10 percents, and, uh, so that made it a little bit less.

Donald Trump: But, uh, I did that because I wanted to be fair to other people, to other countries.

Question: Is it up to President Xi to pick up the phone? Where [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: I, I guess so. You know, whatever it is, it, so, you know, we have a lot of countries, not just China. And, but whatever it is, it is. I think we're in very good position. We're doing well. We have a lot of things happening, a lot of new companies that are coming on board because of the tariffs and because of the November 5th election.

Question: Do you, um -- How does the administration -- How do you plan to respond to the Supreme Court ruling and the other courts about the gentleman who was in Maryland who was put in the El Salvador prison?

Donald Trump: Is that the one that was not [Inaudible] but he was MS-13?

Question: Just the one that they've said needs to come back.

Donald Trump: No, but is -- Was he MS-13? 'Cause I only know about that. I mean, I don't know which one, but if the Supreme Court said bring somebody back, I would do that. I respect the Supreme Court.

Question: And the lower court judge as well? He's been asking for [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: Oh, no. I'm not talking about the lower court. I'm res -- I, I have great respect for the Supreme Court. So, uh, I'm not abou -- you know, I'm not totally well versed as to the specific case, but if they said to bring him back, I would tell them to bring him.

Question: Tell us a little bit about your negotiations, that, how they're going with other countries aside from China. It sounds like you were talking to someone before you left for [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: Yeah. We're talking to a lot of countries, and ultimately, you know, we pretty much can do what we want to do, but we want to be fair. We c -- set the tariff. And, uh, they can choose to not deal with us or they can choose to pay it, and that's where we are. We can, you know, we can set the tariff or, uh, we can do it a number of different ways, but that seems to be appropriate, and they can pay it or negotiate it or they can not pay it. They can just say, "We can't do business with them," if they think it's too -- If they think it's too high, they don't have to do business.

Donald Trump: But I don't think anybody would think that.

Question: Is 10% the floor, Mr. President, you think?

Donald Trump: Pretty close. Yeah. I would say.

Question: Pretty close to floor?

Donald Trump: It could be a couple of exceptions for, you know, obvious reasons, but I would say 10% is the floor.

Question: E -- Are you wanting to get to the table with China, or are you comfortable with the tariffs with the way they're operating right now?

Donald Trump: I'm very comfortable. I mean, honestly, I'm very comfortable now, but, uh, I've always gotten along well with President Xi. We had a good relationship, very good. And I think something positive is going to come out.

Question: Are you done with that level, they, their last response I think [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: We're gonna see what happens. I mean, look, China is a, uh, it's a very big, great country. S -- He's a very good leader, very smart leader. Just a different form of leadership. It's a different form of government. But they, uh, certainly are big, but you know, this should have been done -- What I've done should have been done by past presidents for many, many years, and they allowed this to happen.

Donald Trump: Uh, you could say that about more recently about how do you let people more into our country, like Biden allowed to happen. It's a big focus. We now have the best border we've had, ever. But, you know, how do you allow that to happen? It could have been stopped so easily. He didn't need legislation. You know the expression?

Donald Trump: Just needed a new president. We have d -- b -- we have now the best border that we've ever had.

Question: Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Okay. Yep. Please.

Question: Yes. Um, who would you like to see, uh, win the Masters this Sunday?

Donald Trump: Oh. They have so many great guys. They're all friends of mine. They're all friends of mine. You have some great ones. Scottie Scheffler's great. Bryson's great.

Question: Did you see his rounds today?

Donald Trump: You have a lot of great one. Yeah. You have some really good. Justin Rose is a pr -- they're all friends of mine. But, uh, it's gonna be a good match. Looks like it's gonna be a very good match. You have some fantastic golfers at the top, so it should be good. [Inaudible]

Question: What do you make of the dollar having gone down a little bit after the tariff and the [Inaudible]?

Donald Trump: Doesn't matter. We're the currency of choice. We're a -- we're always going to be, as long as you have somebody smart a -- you know what, if a nation said, "We're not gonna deal with the dollar," I would tell you that, within about one phone call, they would be back on the dollar. You always have to keep the dollar.

Donald Trump: No. The dollar is -- I think when, w -- people understand what we're doing, I think the dollar will go way up. I'm not talking about the d -- I'm talking about -- You're talking about the value of the dollar, which is what I'm talking about too. I think the dollar is, uh, tremendous. It's gonna be stronger than ever.

Question: How are we dealing with the bond market right now? Certainly, 10 [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: I think e -- the bond market's going good. It had a little moment, but I solved that problem very quickly. I'm very good at that stuff. You know, I solved it very quickly. I didn't know I solved it that well.

Question: How --

Donald Trump: We had the biggest day in history.

Question: How concerned were you about the bond markets? To what extent did that play a role?

Donald Trump: Not -- It wasn't -- You know, a lot of people will say it was that. No, it wasn't. Um --

Question: What was it?

Donald Trump: I want to put the country in an unbelievable economic position, which is where we should be, and it should have been done many years ago by other presidents and they didn't do it. They didn't have the courage to do it. And to me, it's not a question of courage. I think we had no choice, but, uh, I think it's very obvious what's gonna happen.

Donald Trump: We're very strong. We're making billions of dollars a day. We were losing billions of dollars a day. This is in a period of two weeks. We're making billions of dollars a day. China now is losing billions of dollars. I don't want them to lose money, but they're losing billions, and we're making billions. I flipped it. Thank you very much, everybody.

Question: So on I -- on Iran, we know that your ultimate goal is to not allow them to hae a nuclear weapon. What are your short-term goals for talks this weekend?

Donald Trump: Only that. I want them not to have a nuclear weapon. I want Iran to be a wonderful, great, happy country, but they can't have a nuclear weapon. And we're negotiating with them on Saturday. We have a big meeting with them.

Question: What do you hope to tell them?

Donald Trump: And, uh, right now, we have a meeting with President Putin as we speak. There's a meeting going on right now. But with Iran, uh, I want them to flourish, but they can't have a nuclear weapon. Thank you, everybody.

Question: [Inaudible]

Question: [Inaudible]

Aide: Thank you, everybody. Thank you.

Aide: Thank you.