Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-press-gaggle-outside-oval-office-may-8-2025

Question: [Inaudible, about the election of Pope Leo XIV by the Papal Conclave.]

Donald Trump: It's such an honor for our country. It's such a great honor for our country to have an American pope. I mean, what greater honor could there be? That we were a little bit surprised, very happy. But just a great, absolutely great honor.

Question: Is this the first of many, Mr. President, the first of many trade agreements we can expect you to announce here at the White House?

Donald Trump: Say it again.

Question: Is this the first of many trade agreements we can expect you to announce here at the White House?

Donald Trump: So we'll do others. We're working on three of them right now, trade agreements. We're doing three and we just left Tiger. You saw Tiger, who's fantastic, great champion, great guy. But we'll be doing a lot of the signings. They would like to do them in the Oval Office.

Question: Mr. President, are you sure that the UK will take American chlorinated chicken? That deal has not been done yet.

Donald Trump: What is that?

Question: Are you sure that the UK will take American chlorinated chicken? That deal has not been done yet.

Donald Trump: Well, we're changing all of that, but we have it both ways. We have it both ways.

Question: Mr. President? Mr. President? Mr. President, are you going to make an earth-shattering announcement?

Donald Trump: We'll have somebody great. We'll have somebody great. I really thought he was terrific, but we are doing so many different things right now that we couldn't be really focused on -- he's a wonderful guy. He's going to have a great future, maybe with us.

Question: Gaza? Mr. President, [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: What's next?

Question: Mr. President, are you planning to meet the Pope in the near future?

Donald Trump: I do. Yes. They've already called.

Question: Mr. President, are you --

Donald Trump: They've already called.

Question: They've already called. When is that? Do you have a timeline?

Donald Trump: They have already spoken to us and we'll see what happens. But again, to have the Pope from the United States of America, that's a great honor. That's a great honor. [Inaudible] they said -- I'm watching and they said, he's from America. I said, that's great.

Question: Mr. President, Mr. President -- [Inaudible] meet Vladimir Putin in Saudi Arabia next week?

Donald Trump: I don't think so, but we're having very good conversations, very, very good. Thank you, everybody.