Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-press-gaggle-after-marine-one-arrival-may-4-2025

Question: Mr. President --

Donald Trump: I saw a friendly face over here.

Question: A question about [Inaudible], there was an election in Australia --

Donald Trump: Well he gave some information on the plane. I think we covered everything very carefully and uh, in great detail.

Question: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: You probably have seen it. Have you seen the information from the plane?

Question: Yes sir, I have. But just a couple of questions. Where did you get the idea for reopening Alcatraz?

Donald Trump: Just an idea I've had, and I guess because the judges, so many of these radicalized judges, uh, they want to have trials for every single -- Think of it, every single person that's in our country illegally, they came in illegally. That would mean millions of trials, and it's just so ridiculous, what's happening.

Donald Trump: And it's long been a symbol, Alcatraz, of whatever it is. I mean, you know, it's a sad symbol-

Question: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: -- but it's a, it's a symbol of law and order and uh, it's got quite a history frankly.

Question: Yeah.

Donald Trump: So, I think we're gonna do that and we're looking at it right now.

Question: There was an election in the Australia this weekend --

Question: What about the, the, the movie, the movie tariffs.

Donald Trump: Yeah, the movie tariffs. What they've done is, other nations have been stealing the, the movies, the movie making capability from the United States. And I said to a couple of people, "What do you think?" I've done some very strong research over the last week and we're making very few movies now. Hollywood is being destroyed.

Donald Trump: Now you have an incompetent, grossly incompetent governor that allowed that to happen. So I'm not just blaming other nations but other nations, a lot of them, have stolen our movie industry. And I'm saying if they're not willing to make a movie inside the United States, then we should have a tariff on movies that come in. And not only that, governments are actually giving big money, I mean, they're supporting them financially.

Donald Trump: So that's sort of a threat to our country in a sense. And uh, it's been a very popular thing. I can tell you one thing-

Question: Mr. President, Mr. President-

Donald Trump: -- movie makers, love it.

Question: Mr. President there was an election in Australia this weekend -- Mr. President will you bring that up with Canada? Will you bring that up with Canada tomorrow as the movie businesses is my as well?

Donald Trump: Well, Canada's only one of many countries.

Question: But it's one of many countries that takes the both of them and --

Question: There was an election in Australia.

Question: -- Saudi Arabia. Will you meet with Putin in Saudi Arabia when you go?

Donald Trump: I don't know. We haven't thought about it, but we'll be leaving for Saudi Arabia pretty soon. Uh, I have not thought about it. We've had some good conversations on Russia and Ukraine over the weekend, over the last few days actually. But we've had some very good conversations on Russia and Ukraine. There's a lot of hatred there, I will tell you, between the two parties and between, even the generals.

Donald Trump: I mean there's tremendous amount of hatred. But we've had some very good discussions over the last few days.

Question: The Australian election Mr. President --

Note: [Crosstalk]

Question: A few Senate Democrats have withdrawn support for crypto bills, in part because they say, that you and your family should not be involved in crypto companies while in office and now the bills may not pass or have the support. What would you say to them about that?

Donald Trump: Well, I, I haven't heard that, but I'm a big fan of crypto because I wanna keep it away from China. Crypto is a whole new thing that started, you know, not so long ago, but I'm very much in favor of crypto, Bitcoin, all of the different things because otherwise China's gonna take it over and just like AI, just like so many other industries or whatever you want to call them, crypto is very important, I think for our country.

Note: [Crosstalk]

Question: The Australian election, Mr. President. The Australian election, the conservatives did very badly. Just like in Canada they're saying, "It's the Trump effect again." The Conservatives in Australia --

Note: [Crosstalk]

Question: -- there was an election this weekend.

Donald Trump: Well, I don't know, Albanese, I'm very friendly with, I haven't -- I don't know anything about the election other than-

Question: He just won again. He was re-elected.

Donald Trump: -- the man that won is very -- He's very good. He is a friend of mine.

Question: He said that your tariffs were not the act a friend. Will you be speaking to him now, congratulating him on his win?

Donald Trump: Well, uh, I can only say that he's been very, very nice to me, very respectful to me. I have no idea who the other person is that ran against him. And you know, we've had a very good relationship.

Note: [Crosstalk]

Question: -- there's been cuts to the World Trade Center Health program and questions about the restoration of the director. Are you aware of-

Donald Trump: Restoration of what?

Question: The World Trade Center Health program that helped 911 first responders, 15 staffers were laid off on Friday. And, uh, activists in the United Nations-

Donald Trump: Well I was the one in my first term that helped them get money and helped them really, uh, live a much better life. That was a very important thing I did in my first term, but I'm not aware of anything that may have been brought up recently. Thank you. Thank you very much.

Question: Are you considering General Flynn?

Donald Trump: I like General Flynn.

Question: Might Flynn be NSA director?

Donald Trump: I'm so sorry.