Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-press-gaggle-air-force-one-may-16-2025

Donald Trump: Hello everybody. So, enjoy your flight? That was a great four days. It was -- I think -- it was a historic four days. The jobs and money coming into our country is, uh, there's never been anything like it.

Donald Trump: You see that, and the companies are American-based companies, are doing work that wouldn't have been available to them except for November 5th.November 5th was a big day for our country. So, I just want to thank you. You have great stamina also; we all have stamina because you needed it. That was a test. I think they were giving us a test, but it was amazing what they've done in all three countries.

Donald Trump: You can't speak more highly -- the job they've done is -- in a fairly short period of time, is just outstanding. And they're great people, great leaders, great leaders, three great leaders. So, it's an honor. Now we'll go back to DC and I have a nice grandchild waiting, which I'll see soon, but this was a fantastic moment for our country.

Donald Trump: I really believe that. Everyone's talking about it and the respect shown to our country was incredible because nobody's treated like that. Nobody's treated well like that. So, thank you all very much. Thank you very much.

Question: Mr. President, you arrived here with a big victory. Nice to see you. Thanks for bringing us. You arrived here with a big victory, getting Edan Alexander out, working directly with Hamas, the last remaining American. Do you think the Israelis and Bibi Netanyahu can get his hostages out?

Donald Trump: I don't know; we're going to find out pretty soon. We're going to know pretty soon. They're not in good shape, as you know. And different places -- you know, it's not one place, it's different places. Some of them are in better shape than others. A little bit depends on the place where they are, but we'll be working with them to get them out.

Question: The Israelis didn't want the US to be recognizing the new Syrian government. Is there a message that that --

Donald Trump: I don't know, I didn't ask them about that. I thought it was the right thing to do. I've been given a lot of credit for doing it. Look, we want Syria to succeed. It's been a mess for 10 years and much longer than that. It would not have been -- these were very biting -- you know, when you look at the sanctions, these were really brutal.

Donald Trump: And they would have; I would say zero chance of success and this way they have a chance. Their leader is a strong person, but young and a lot of energy and wants to do a good job.

Question: Mr. President, IDF was planning to send in tens of thousands of more troops and expand the war in Gaza, especially if there wasn't a ceasefire while you were here. Do you support that?

Donald Trump: Well, we're going to see what happens. I think a lot of good things are going to happen over the next month, and we're going to see. And we have to help also out the Palestinians. You know, a lot of people are starving on Gaza. So, we have to look at both sides, but we're going to do a good job. We're very happy with what happened with -- I hope it continues, and I think it will.

Donald Trump: But what happens with India and Pakistan, that was a big -- that was a big success. If you would have seen the level of anger between the two, that was not a good thing. Yes.

Question: A senior Hamas leader said that they might be willing to give up power, an Egyptian proposal, in order to bring peace. Is that a step that you're welcoming?

Donald Trump: We welcome everything, but we want to get the hostages back. I've gotten, you know, a majority, a big majority back, but we want to get the hostages back. So, we'll see how that works out. OK.

Question: Mr. President, are you planning to call Vladimir Putin? How do you think you can get those talks on track?

Donald Trump: I may, I may. Look, we have to meet, he and I will meet. I think we'll solve it, or maybe not, but at least we'll know. And if we don't solve it will be very interesting.

Question: And then did Austin Tice come up when you talked to the Syrian president?

Donald Trump: I always talk about Austin Tice. Now, Austin Tice hasn't been seen in many, many years. You know that. He's got a great mother who's just working so hard to find her boy, so I understand it. But Austin has not been seen in many, many years.

Question: You were joking about the endurance that it takes to do this. This was a lot to do in a short period of time. Conversations about endurance often focus now on Joe Biden and his endurance and his abilities. The Hur tapes right now, there's a lot of discussion about it. When will they be released? Will you release them?

Question: How soon should we anticipate that?

Donald Trump: Well, I haven't looked into that. That's up to Pam and the group. I haven't really looked into it. Look, everybody understands the condition of him. I know people that are 89, 90, 92, 93 years-old that are literally perfect. But Joe was not one of them and they did a lot of hiding. They were really playing games and, you know, you can't do that; our country is at stake.

Donald Trump: You see even a thing like this. There's so many decisions for billions and billions, but then you have even more important decisions. You have decisions for life, and you can't have a man in that condition. And everybody was holding back, including the press, including the media.

Question: Sir, you're welcoming white south Afrikaners into the country as refugees when you've closed off that door to a lot of other refugees from other parts of the world. What message does that send -- to those who say it isn't, why is that fair?

Donald Trump: Well, I think if I see people in distress, I don't care what color, what they look like, what anything, their size, their height, their eyes, I don't care. But I think that from all evidence, the farmers in South Africa are being treated brutally. And it's been reported, and nobody wants to cover it, but they happen to be white.

Donald Trump: And if they were black, I'd do the exact same thing. And we treat people very well when we see there's a genocide going on. So, if it's a genocide that's terrible and I happen to believe it could very well be. South Africa is out of control, and it's been out of control for a long time. And the media doesn't report it. And I'm not looking for reporting because, believe me, it's easier for me not to do anything.

Donald Trump: It's a lot easier because I don't get nasty questions like that, but the fact is that we're about saving lives and we're going to do that. So, we've made a home, and we'll make a home for other people that are treated badly no matter what their color. Thank you.

Note: [Crosstalk]

Question: -- to the G20 there?

Donald Trump: I'm not sure. I'm really not sure.

Question: On Iran, has the US given them a formal proposal? Has Steve Witkoff handed that over?

Donald Trump: They have a proposal, but more importantly, they know they have to move quickly or something bad, something bad's going to happen. Thank you very much.

Question: How's Tiffany doing? She's well? Everything's good at home? Congratulations.

Donald Trump: Thank you. Thank you very much.

Question: Travel safe, sir.

Donald Trump: Thanks.