Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-press-gaggle-air-force-one-april-3-2025

Donald Trump: Hello everybody.

Question: Hi, Mr. President.

Question: How are you, Mr. President?

Donald Trump: Nice to see you.

Question: Nice to see you.

Donald Trump: We haven't -- [Inaudible] I haven't seen you in a while.

Question: Nice to see you as well.

Donald Trump: 5 million. For $5 million, this could be yours. That was the first of the cards. See that? Do you know what that card is?

Question: Gold card.

Donald Trump: It's the gold card. It's the Trump card. Gold card.

Question: Who's the first buyer?

Donald Trump: Me. I'm the --

Question: Who's the second? (laughs)

Donald Trump: -- first. I don't know, but I'm the first buyer. It'll be out in about less than two weeks probably. Pretty exciting, really.

Question: You ready for some questions?

Donald Trump: Anybody wanna buy one? Huh? Okay, let's go.

Question: First, we'd love to get your reaction, sir, to what's going on in the financial markets today.

Donald Trump: Well, I mean, it's to be expected. We're, uh, this is a patient that was very sick. We inherited -- we really inherited a terrible economy, as you know, with a lot of problems including, uh, loss of manufacturing and plants closed up all over the country. You know, we've lost 90,000 plants since NAFTA, if you think of that. 90,000. It's not even believable, and about 6 million jobs.

Donald Trump: And so, it's a sick -- it was a sick patient that went through an operation on Liberation Day. And it's gonna be, uh, it's gonna be a booming country, a very booming country. It's gonna be amazing actually. And we see it because we have, uh, trillions of dollars committed to come in. Trillions.

Question: Sir, can I ask you, when you say that it was an operation and the patient's healthy now, does that mean you see us as kind of towards the -- the high-water market --

Donald Trump: Yeah, I think the operation --

Question: -- in terms of how high?

Donald Trump: Sure. Uh, the operation's over and now we, uh, let it settle in. You see the plants are starting to construction already. We have many plants. Uh, Indiana, massive auto plant. The Honda. And we have so many, uh, so many plants and they'll be under construction. And as they start to build, you're gonna see a lot of construction jobs and you're gonna see a lot of jobs when they open.

Question: Does that mean chips and pharma tariffs are not --

Donald Trump: No, they're --

Question: -- on the table?

Donald Trump: -- starting very soon. Uh, the chips, uh, are starting very soon. Uh, the, uh, pharma is, uh, going to be, uh, starting to come in, I think at a level that you haven't really seen before. We are, uh, looking at pharma right now, pharmaceuticals. It- it's a separate category, and we'll be announcing that sometime in the near future, not too distant future.

Question: Are you negotiating --

Donald Trump: That's under review right now.

Question: Are you negotiating with partners currently?

Donald Trump: Uh, what we have is we have a set of tariffs based on, uh, what they've been charging us. That's reciprocal. And those, uh, tariffs have come in, and many, e- every country's called us. That's the beauty of what we do. Uh, we put ourselves in the driver's seat. If we would've asked, uh, some of these country, almost most of these countries to do us a favor, they would've said, "No." Now they'll do anything for us. But, uh, we have, uh, tariffs.

Donald Trump: They've been set and it's gonna make our country very rich.

Question: Are you open to deals with these countries if they're calling you?

Donald Trump: Well, it depends. If somebody said that, "We're gonna give you something that's so phenomenal," as long as they're giving us something that's good. For instance, uh, with TikTok as an example, we have a situation with TikTok where China will probably say, "We'll approve a deal, but will you do something on the tariff?" The tariffs give us great power to negotiate, always have.

Donald Trump: I've used it very well in the first administration, as you saw. But now we're taking it to a whole new level because it's a worldwide situation and it's, uh, it's very exciting to see. And what it's done is driven a lot of great companies to our country. And you're gonna see construction starting all over.

Donald Trump: I already got a couple of calls from Lee Zeldin from Environmental. He's got some big plans to approve, like really big ones.

Question: Mr. President --

Note: [Crosstalk]

Question: How long will it -- how long will it take to get manufacturing, American manufacturing to where you would like to see it?

Donald Trump: Well, let's say it's a two-year process. You know, they start a plant and they're big plants. We're giving them approval to also, in many cases, to build the electric facility with it. So you have electric generation and the plant, and they're big plants. Now, the good news is a lot of money for 'em, and they could build them fast but they're still very big plants.

Donald Trump: So I'd always say it would take a year-and-a-half to two years.

Question: Mr. President, can I ask you about the MSA?

Question: Mr. President, I'm curious. Have you --

Donald Trump: We've already started some of them.

Question: Where's that?

Question: Have you been following the New York City mayor's race? And specifically, Andrew Cuomo is now the front-runner according to the polls. How do you feel about that? Do you think you could have a good relationship with a Mayor Andrew Cuomo?

Donald Trump: Well, I've always gotten along with him. We had our ins and outs a little bit. We did a great job for him. Remember we built, uh, the convention center rooms for him. He didn't use them unfortunately. And we sent the Mercy Ship. We sent the really magnificent hospital ship and they didn't use it. But we always had a pretty good relationship.

Question: Are you going to make an endorsement in that race?

Donald Trump: Oh, it's not something I'm thinking about yet. Is he thinking about running? Yeah?

Question: On Russia, Ukraine, there's a Russian envoy in town for some meetings. Can you give us an update on how that's going?

Donald Trump: We do. We have an envoy from Russia. We're talking about it. We'd like to see that stop as soon as possible. Because uh, thousands of people are being killed a week. Soldiers, mostly soldiers. And Ukrainian soldiers and Russian soldiers. And you're losing 2000, 3000 sometimes a week. So we -- we're, you know, spearheading the drive to get it done.

Donald Trump: Uh, Europe has not been successful in dealing with President Putin, but I think I will be successful.

Question: Sir, can I ask you about the NSC? How many staffers were let go and why? Your National Security Council? How many staffers we let --

Donald Trump: Oh, there were some. There were some. Always we're gonna let go of people. People that we, uh, don't like, or people that we don't think can do -- do the job or people that may have loyalties to somebody else. You'll always -- you'll always have that.

Question: So you mentioned on Yahoo recently, Israel has now talked about staying in Gaza during long-term occupation. Has anything changed in regard to the US-Gaza-Israel plans?

Donald Trump: I spoke to him today, as a matter of fact, and I think he's gonna be coming to our country sometime in the not-too-distant future, maybe next week. And we'll speak about Israel and we'll speak about what's going on. That's another thing we'd like to get solved and I think we will get it solved. But I think --

Question: So can I --

Donald Trump: I think he very well may be coming next week.

Question: Who -- who's going to be coming?

Donald Trump: Benjamin Netanyahu?

Question: Sir, can I follow up on your earlier comment about TikTok? You said that the Chinese might be willing to agree to a- approve that sale in exchange for tariff relief. Is that something that you've floated to them or you've heard from them, or?

Donald Trump: No. No. I'm just using that as an example. Let's say we had a problem with TikTok and let's say China wasn't going to approve and we could use tariffs in order to get it approved. You know, you- you give them something in return.

Question: What's the update on the deal negotiations for TikTok?

Donald Trump: We're -- uh, We're very close to a deal with a very good group of people for TikTok,

Question: Larry Ellison and all. Is it multiple investors or just --

Donald Trump: Multiple.

Question: And then did the last-minute bids kind of throw things into disarray for you or do you have your strategy completely locked up on who's gonna --

Donald Trump: Which last minute? Which --

Question: On -- on -- on acquiring TikTok?

Donald Trump: No, I think -- I think --

Question: Like you said, last minute --

Donald Trump: -- that they could -- they could -- uh, China maybe will call and say, well, we're upset with the tariffs and maybe they want to get something a little bit in order to get TikTok approved. Who knows?

Question: But is there any plans underway for you to share?

Donald Trump: That's -- I have no knowledge of that. But that's the kind of thing --

Question: On Israel, can you give us any update on the Palestinian relocation plan? Are there -- are we talking to any countries that --

Donald Trump: Well, we're gonna try and solve the Gaza problem? It's been a problem for many years. For many, many decades. It's been a big problem. We have -- I've met with, as you know, a lot of the hostages. It's a terrible situation. But uh, if you notice, hostages are being released now, and that's happened only since I got involved.

Donald Trump: So we have hostages being released. Quite a few actually.

Question: Are you still committed to the relocation?

Donald Trump: I'd like to get as many hostages as we can. And then Gaza -- Gaza is a very, uh, very important thing. It's, uh, it's been under siege for many, many years and it's a shame. It's a shame. A lot of people die in Gaza. Gaza's been a place we have and a lot of people die. A lot of bad things happen in Gaza.

Donald Trump: We'll see what we can do about it.

Question: The dinner tonight, can you tell us about it? Who's going to be there? Any leaders?

Donald Trump: So dinner tonight is, uh, sort of a -- I have a couple of them actually. But, uh, a lot of it's based around charity. It's at Dural, and we raised a lot of money for charities. Uh, we're gonna also have to having one of the big golf tourn- professional golf tournaments they, LIV, and that'll take place over the next few days at Dural from, uh, I guess tomorrow until they have -- I think they have a pro app right now.

Donald Trump: But I'll be speaking tonight, I think I'm making a speech to the players, great players. Some of the best players in the world. And ultimately, hopefully the two -- the two tours are going to merge. That would be good. I'm involved in that too. Uh, but hopefully we're going to get the two tours to merge.

Donald Trump: You have the PGA Tour, you have the LIV Tour, and I think having them merge would be a great thing.

Question: Mr. President, uh, about the tariffs. Do you have any message for the American far -- American businesses that might feel the impact of any reciprocal tariffs coming from the EU, for example, or from other countries?

Donald Trump: I think it's going to all work out. Remember, there are no tariffs if you build your plant or you build your product, make your product in the US. And so, a lot of people, I mean, there's going to be a transition period because they're gonna be building instead of paying tariffs to some other place. And, but there are no tariffs.

Donald Trump: You know, if you think there are no tariffs, all you have to do is build and make your product in the United States. So it's, uh, and a lot of people are doing that. The, uh, they're moving, like, the auto companies. I know I spoke to two of the four or five that are really active, and they've already started moving their parts, making things out of Mexico, out of Canada and into the United States.

Question: Sir, did you speak to any CEOs today?

Question: Sir, do you have a sense of how, how long, uh, Elon Musk's mission will last and when he will depart?

Donald Trump: Well, Elon is fantastic and I think it's, you know, he's a patriot and I think it's a shame what they're doing with, uh, his car company and a great car. It's a great car, a great product, uh, and it tells you what a patriot he is. He's amazing. No, I mean, as long as he'd like, I like, I like smart people and he's a smart person.

Donald Trump: I also like him personally. When he endorsed me, that's when I really got to know him. I knew him a little bit before that, but not much. And then he endorsed me, and it was a very strong embracing endorsement as we all know. And, uh, I would say, Elon will stay for a certain period of time, and then he's going to want to get back to his businesses full time.

Donald Trump: But, he's done a fantastic job. We found 100s of, think of it, just 100s of, we've had millions of dollars of fraud and abuse and waste and, uh, they're still going. I mean, they're going strong. They're finding, they found something today that's horrible. It's horrible.

Question: So, what was it? So, what --

Donald Trump: So what they found, you'll find out very soon. What they found is incredible, and, uh, I give him a lot of credit. He's got some very smart people with him.

Question: Do you think he could finish --

Donald Trump: -- and they're working very closely with our secretaries, and our, the people that are the heads of the [Inaudible]

Question: Do you think he could finish -- Do you think you would appoint him to another position once his 130 days --

Donald Trump: Well, I would, I would. I think Elon's great, but he also has a, a company to run, or a number of companies to run. That he can do this, that he can find the time, he loves the country, that's why he does it. But, uh, we're in no rush, but there'll be a point at which time Elon's gonna have to leave.

Question: Sir, you mentioned the auto companies -- But then, do you know what date, the specific date on when he's out?

Donald Trump: No, but I, I would think a few months.

Question: Even when he, uh, even when Elon leaves and goes back to being CEO, um, will DOGE stick around in some kind of capacity?

Donald Trump: Yeah, it'll still, uh, DOGE, DOGE yourself? Yeah, a -- at some point --

Question: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: -- uh, just so you understand, and I know you're getting it wrong, I want Elon to stay as long as possible. Number one, I like him. Number two, he's doing a great job. Number three, he is a patriot, that's why he's doing this. And he's, you know, it's very costly for him. But, uh, so I want him to stay as long as possible, but there'll be a point where he's gonna have to leave.

Donald Trump: And when he does, the secretaries will take totally over and DOGE will stay active. Uh, we have a lot of smart people. A lot of those people I believe are gonna go into the agencies, and they'll work on it from the inside.

Question: You mentioned auto companies that you've been speaking with. Have you spoken to any executives today?

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Question: Who?

Donald Trump: I don't want to say who, but I speak to a lot of the auto executives. But, we have much more than autos. We have chips coming in. We have steel coming in.

Question: But, did they call asking for exempt status?

Donald Trump: The steel factories, the steel factories are opening up and expanding at levels that people have not seen also.

Question: Can you tell us a little bit about your meeting with Laura Loomer and, uh, Mike Waltz today and how that came about?

Donald Trump: So, Laura Loomer is a very good patriot. She is a very, uh, strong person, and I saw her yesterday for a little while. She has re- she makes recommendations of things and people, and sometimes I listen to those recommendations like I do with everybody. I listen to everybody, and then I make a decision. But, uh, I saw her yesterday, she was at the ceremony and uh, she has, she'll always have something to say, usually very constructive.

Question: What did she recommend?

Donald Trump: Uh, she recommended certain people for jobs.

Question: Adding, adding to the administration, and not --

Donald Trump: Adding.

Question: Who, who did she recommend?

Question: -- but not firing?

Donald Trump: Well, she'll recommend that too --

Question: But, who --

Donald Trump: -- but yesterday she recommended some people for jobs.

Question: Did she have anything to do with the NSC aids who were ousted?

Donald Trump: No, no, not at all.

Question: Do, do you know how many, sir? Do you know how many from the NSC?

Donald Trump: Not many, very few.

Question: Was it five, a dozen?

Donald Trump: I really don't know.

Question: Who does Loomer want --

Donald Trump: There were, there were --

Note: [Crosstalk]

Question: Who did, who did Laura recommend hiring?

Donald Trump: Well, I don't wanna say that, but she's, uh, she's recommended some good people over the years. She's been, she's been in the party a long time. She's done a good job.

Question: Do you trust your national security staff is, is doing what you want them to do?

Donald Trump: Yeah, I, I, yeah, sure. I do. We've, uh, done very well. We've had big success with the hoodies, as you probably know. Uh, nobody's been able to do it like us. And uh, they were shooting the boats out of the water, they were sinking ships. That's what they do. They're getting a big charge out of sinking ships.

Donald Trump: And unfortunately they're associated with Iran very close, so they have to stop that. But we've hit them very hard and we've been hitting them very --

Question: Sir, did you talk to Congresswoman Luna about her resolution to get maternity --

Donald Trump: Congresswoman who?

Question: For Congresswoman about her resolution to allow proxy voting for new mothers? Did you speak to [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: I did. I did. And I would say this, I guess there's two sides to it, right? It's a little controversial. I don't know why it's controversial. I think she's great. Uh, Anna.

Question: Do you support her?

Donald Trump: I, I, I --

Question: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: I think, uh, that, and I'm gonna let the speaker make the decision, but I like the idea of being able to -- if you're having a baby, I think you should be able to call in and vote. I, I'm in favor of that, but I understand some people aren't. I'm not involved in the issue, but I did, I spoke to Anna yesterday and she and some people feel strongly about it. And uh, I would agree with them, yeah.

Question: Sir, you mentioned Iran. They have come out and said if they're gonna sit down with the US, they wanna use an intermediary, and I believe the US wanted direct talks. Would you still be willing to talk to them by an intermediary?

Donald Trump: I, I think it's better if we have direct talks. I think it goes faster and you understand the other side a lot better than if you go through intermediaries.

Question: Did you --

Donald Trump: They wanna use, they wanted to use intermediaries. I don't, I don't think that's necessarily true anymore. I think they're concerned. I think they feel vulnerable and I don't want them to feel that way. And I think they wanna meet, yeah. Iran, they're talking about Iran.

Question: You said you don't think they wanna use intermediaries anymore. Did they send another letter?

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Question: Did the UAE let you know about this?

Donald Trump: Yeah. I, I, I know for a fact. I think they'd like to have direct talks.

Question: Can you say anything about what the letter said from Iran?

Donald Trump: No, I just think they, I'm just telling you, I think they wanna have -- forget about letters, I think they wanna have direct talks.

Question: On Pete Hegseth and this IG investigation, do you want to weigh in on that one?

Donald Trump: Wh- What is it?

Question: There's an IG investigation into the Secretary of Defense's use of, of some -- the Signal app.

Donald Trump: Oh, I don't know. Is that -- you're bringing that up again, don't bring that up again. Your editors probably. That's such a wasted story. So what else?

Question: Chinese farmland. Um, do you have some plans for Chinese ownership of, of farmland in the, the US?

Donald Trump: Oh, we look at that all the time. And look, I have a very good relationship with China and with the president, do have a lot of respect for President Xi. So, you know, we look at that all the time.

Question: Yeah --

Donald Trump: Farmland, it's been an issue for years. It's been, people have talked about it for years, but I have a lot of respect for China and I have a lot of respect for President Xi.

Question: When's the last time you talked to President Xi?

Donald Trump: I speak to, uh, doesn't matter when, but I speak to him.

Question: Sir -- Have you talked to Zelenskyy recently?

Donald Trump: Not too long ago, yeah.

Question: How did that go?

Donald Trump: Good. I think he's ready to make a deal.

Question: New progress though, other than that?

Donald Trump: I think a lot of progress. No, he's, he's ready to make a deal and I think that President Putin is ready, ready to make a deal. And then you'll stop the killing of thousands of young people a week.

Question: Did Kirill Dmitriev say that to your, uh, counter, to his counterparts in the US?

Donald Trump: Who?

Question: Kirill Dmitriev, the Russian negotiator that's in Washington right now?

Donald Trump: I don't talk about specific people. I just will tell you that there's a lot of good conversation going on about Ukraine and Russia.

Question: Sir -- Have you given your approval for the UK's deal over the Chagos Island that Prime Minister Starmer and you discussed?

Donald Trump: I'm talking to the Prime Minister about it and we'll see how that turns out. He's uh, we have a very good dialogue going.

Question: Sir --

Donald Trump: And I think he was very happy about how we treated them on tariffs, so --

Question: Sir, there a lot of people were upset about how --

Donald Trump: Who are you with?

Question: They Daily Mail. A lot of people were upset today about how their 401K's were doing. Do you have investments, were you looking at them? Are you worried?

Donald Trump: Uh, I think the, I think our markets are gonna boom. Gotta give it a little chance, but we're taking in jobs and we're taking in industry and we're taking in trillions of dollars. I think, I think our markets are gonna boom, try to give it a little bit of time. Uh, but they've already started construction on numerous plants.

Donald Trump: Soon it'll be many, many plants. All over the country, they're going. So, so you got to give --

Question: Are you [Inaudible] your 401K?

Donald Trump: You got to give that, you got to give that a little. I haven't checked my 401K. (laughing) Thank you very much everybody.

Question: Sir, sir. One question on the Fed. A lot of money markets are now [Inaudible] Fed cuts this year.

Donald Trump: Well, one thing I like is interest rates going down, you see that happening. And interest --

Question: The 10 year yield is right below 4%.

Donald Trump: You know what's beautiful is interest rates go down. I like, uh, I like groceries going down, I like eggs going down. If you look at it, and, uh, very importantly, the gasoline prices are going down. So a lot of good things are happening. Thank you very much.

Question: Thank you for your time, Mr. President.