Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-press-gaggle-air-force-one-april-12-2025

Donald Trump: Jeff. So, uh, we're going to the fight and we have lots of fights going around the world, and I think we have a lot of good news coming soon about some of those fights. And, uh, we'll see how it goes. But it's been a -- it's been an interesting weekend. I think we have some pretty good news coming on some of the conflicts.

Question: How did Iran --

Question: Can you give us the readout on the Iran talks, sir?

Donald Trump: I think they're going okay.

Question: What was your [Inaudible]?

Donald Trump: Well, I can't tell you about, because it doesn't -- nothing matters until you get it done. So I don't like talking about it. But it's going okay. The Iran situation's going pretty good.

Question: Are there other talks that are going well, sir?

Donald Trump: I think.

Question: Are there other talks that are going well in addition to the Iran situation?

Donald Trump: There are other talks going well. I think Ukraine/Russia might be going okay, and you're gonna be finding out pretty soon. You know, there's a point at which you just have to either put up a shut up. We'll see what happens. But I think it's going fine. Uh, I think we have the tariffs in very good shape. We have a lot of things going, don't we, huh, when you think about We got a lot of things going?

Question: Yeah, I was gonna say, [Inaudible] inflation dropping. Americans have more money.

Donald Trump: Inflation's dropping. Americans have more money, and the country has more money. You know, we've been making $2 and $3 billion a day the last couple of weeks. We didn't make that ever. And we're making a lot of money. And then I -- to be nice, I lowered the tariffs on everybody. But we've been making a lot of money and, uh, it's always been the other way around.

Donald Trump: Other -- other countries, in particular China, was making a lot of money.

Question: Yeah. It's interesting. I was with you on the campaign this time last year and Americans were telling me they weren't planning to take a summer vacation because of inflation, gas prices --

Donald Trump: Right.

Question: -- airline tickets. It's a different scenario now. What's your message to the American family when they eye those summer vacations this year?

Donald Trump: Well, we have no inflation. We have lots of success. We have a lot of great things in the hope column. We hope it's gonna be concluded, some of these things. Uh, we have a, uh, border that's totally sealed at a level that nobody's seen, even during my four years. I was very successful with it, but I think we have it even a little more closed.

Donald Trump: We are allowing people into the country, but they have to come in legally. But I appreciate your question. Yeah, we have no inflation and people are doing well.

Question: Mr. President.

Question: Mr. President.

Question: In Texas -- in Texas, Ken Paxton is running against John Cornyn for Senate. Are you gonna endorse in that race? Do you have any thoughts on that?

Donald Trump: Well, they're both friends of mine. They're both good men. And, uh, I don't know. We don't -- we don't know who else is running. But these two, you know, Ken and John, they're both friends of mine. So I'll make a determination [Inaudible]

Question: Mr. President, your administration announced some exemptions on the China tariffs, iPhones, computers, televisions, that kind of thing. You're preparing separate semiconductor tariffs. Can you walk us through that decision and what made you do that?

Donald Trump: I'll give you -- I'll give you that answer on Monday.

Question: Ah, okay.

Donald Trump: We'll be very specific on Monday.

Question: What -- are you suggesting you'll announce --

Donald Trump: But we're taking in -- we're taking in a lot of money. As a country, we're taking in a lot of money. Uh, you guys have to sit down. We're landing. Okay. I don't want you to get hurt, especially. [Inaudible] Have a good time. Thank you, everybody.

Question: Thank you, sir.

Question: Thank you.

Donald Trump: Are you all going to the fight tonight?

Question: Who will win, do you think?

Donald Trump: Well, you have a lot of good fights. You know who's gonna win? Dana White.

Question: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Dana White's gonna win. That's the only one --

Question: Everyone wants to see that iconic walkout. You -- you light up arenas.

Donald Trump: We'll be doing it tonight.

Question: Yes. Yes.

Donald Trump: Off the record, we'll be doing it tonight. Off the record. I think we're doing it tonight. Have a good time, everybody.

Question: Thank you, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: You'll shave some fun.

Question: Thank you.

Donald Trump: I appreciate it.

Question: Thank you.