Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-press-gaggle-before-marine-one-departure-january-24-2025

Donald Trump: Hello, everybody. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. So, we're going to North Carolina. It's been a horrible thing the way that's been allowed to fester, and we're going to get it fixed up -- it should have been done months ago -- from the hurricane that took place almost four months ago. North Carolina has been treated very badly, so we're stopping there.

Donald Trump: And we're going to then go to Los Angeles and take a look at a fire that could have been put out if they let the water flow, but they didn't let the water flow. And they still haven't for whatever reason. So, I think we're going to have a very interesting time. I think many of you are going with us. If you'd like to have a ride on the plane, we'd love to give it to you.

Question: Mr. President, why did you invite Adam Schiff on your trip given you called him "scum" earlier this week?

Donald Trump: I don't know. Is he -- is he going? Is he going?

Question: No.

Donald Trump: I don't know. I mean, I really don't. You know, because if he's going to be there, it would be cheaper, but I didn't invite him. Somebody did.

Note: [Crosstalk]

Question: Pete Hegseth -- Pete Hegseth lost two Republican votes yesterday. Are you at all concerned about his prospects?

Donald Trump: Look, whatever it is, it is. He's a good man. I don't know what's going to happen; you never know in those things. But Pete is a very, very good man. I hope he makes it. I hope he makes it. I was very surprised that Collins and Murkowski would do that. And, of course, Mitch is always a "no" vote, I guess.

Donald Trump: Is Mitch a "no" vote? How about Mitch?

Question: He hasn't said yet.

Donald Trump: Huh? He what?

Question: He hasn't said yet.

Donald Trump: Let's see what happens.

Note: [Crosstalk]

Question: The March for Life is today. Sir, the March for Life. Mr. President, the March for Life, sir. Mr. President, the March for Life. The March for Life is today.

Donald Trump: I did a big clip for the March for Life, and we look forward to seeing it. I'm going to be watching it. And JD Vance, our vice president, is there, and he's going to be representing us very well. Taking place in a little while, and other than being a little bit cold, it's a beautiful day.

Note: [Crosstalk]

Question: How will your -- Mr. President, how will your administration -- how will your administration protect --

Question: Mr. President, will you give Italy a break of tariffs?

Question: -- sir, how will your administration protect pro-life of Americans going forward?

Donald Trump: Oh, we're all -- we're all for it. In fact, as you know, I just signed a pardon, and in the pardon, we released 23 people that were unjustly put in having to do with pro-life. And they will be released, and they'll be out very shortly. It was disgraceful what happened to them. That was a persecution.

Note: [Crosstalk]

Question: Mr. President, will you give -- will you give Italy a break on tax -- on tariffs, sir?

Donald Trump: Well, I like her very much. Let's see what happens. Have a good time. [Inaudible]