Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-press-gaggle-marine-one-one-departure-march-21-2025

Donald Trump: Hello everybody. So we had a big day. We gave out the world's greatest fighter jet, by far, they say. I think in terms of, uh, every criteria known to man, it's the best. Now, that doesn't mean in five years it'll be good. It'll be -- It'll be totally obsolete in five years, I guess. But that's the way it works.

Donald Trump: But, uh, there's never been a plane designed or made like this, and we'll have them, uh, within about a two-year period. They're gonna start manufacturing very soon. So we're honored by that. Uh, we are moving along on Russia-Ukraine. We had a couple of good conversations today. And maybe we can get that death march stopped as soon as possible.

Donald Trump: And, uh, we're going to Bedminster now for work. We have some work. It's a little cold there right now, it's a little early, but we'll be going to Bedminster and, uh, we'll be coming back here. We're going to the big fight. The reason I'm going is in Philadelphia, they have the NCAA World, uh, Wrestling, or college.

Donald Trump: And we -- I've always supported the wrestlers, so I wanna support them. These are the great college wrestlers from the various schools. I think Penn State is leading and Nebraska is in second place right now and a lot of good things. So we're gonna be going there on Saturday night and then probably down to, uh, either here or, uh, Southern White House.

Donald Trump: So we're gonna have a little -- we're gonna have a little fun, but it was a great honor to give out that plane. Uh, the technology is unbelievable. There's never been anything like it. It puts us 10 years ahead of any other country in terms of the fighter jets. Uh, thank you very much. We'll see you later. Thanks.

Question: [Inaudible] did you give Putin a deadline for the ceasefire?

Donald Trump: Not a deadline, but I think we'll have one. I think, uh, you know, they're going at it pretty heavy right now, as you probably saw, both of them. But I think we'll have it done, uh, fairly soon.

Question: President Trump, did you fill out a NCAA March Madness bracket?

Donald Trump: I didn't. I should have. Have there been, upsets a couple, right?

Question: Too late now.

Donald Trump: A little bit late. I should give you one, but maybe backdated, right?

Question: [Inaudible] why won't you -- You're not concerned that anyone on those deportation flights on Saturday is not a gang member or does not belong in that prison. Are you concerned about that --

Donald Trump: Well, they checked 'em very carefully. There's some bad people on those flights.

Question: Mr. President, why won't you -- why won't you impose sanctions on Russia after Putin rejected your ceasefire offer?

Donald Trump: He didn't reject anything. And they do have sanctions. They have a lot of sanctions. They have just about more sanctions than anybody.

Question: It doesn't sound -- It doesn't sound like this judge, uh, who the DOJ is arguing with today about the deportation flight -- He wants to know why the proclamation was signed in the dark, his words, and why people were rushed on to planes.

Donald Trump: Uh, because we wanna get criminals out of our country, number one. And I don't know when it was signed 'cause I didn't sign it. Other people handle it. But Marco Rubio has done a great job and he wanted them out, and we go along with that. Uh, we wanna get criminals out of our country.

Question: If there was a flight like tonight with these guys, ev -- even though it's still being litigated, if there was a flight tonight full of accused gang members and somebody called and said, "Mr. President, I know that this is still being adjudicated, but we can get these guys down to El Salvador right now." Would you say that that's okay?

Donald Trump: I would say that I'd have the Secretary of State handle it because I'm not really involved in that. Uh, but the concept of getting, uh, bad people, uh, murderers, rapists, uh, drug dealers, all of the -- these -- these are really some bad people, out of our country, I ran on that, I won on that. I got a margin, like, you know, you reported it very well, everybody did.

Donald Trump: We -- We won all seven swing states. We won the popular vote, we won everything. Uh, and a big part of that was exactly this, getting bad people that shouldn't have been allowed into our country. Biden allowed 'em in. What they should be asking, this judge, this radical left judge, he should be saying, "Why did Biden allow these criminals in our country?" That's what he should be doing.

Donald Trump: Thank you. I'll see you later.

Question: [Inaudible[]