Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-press-gaggle-air-force-one-july-4-2025

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. We've been in touch with Governor Abbott and very close to Governor Abbott, and, uh, everybody in Texas. Kristi Noem has, as you know, been there and, uh, will continue to be there. And we're working very close with representatives from Texas, and it's a horrible thing that took place.

Donald Trump: Absolutely horrible. So, we say God bless all of the people that have gone through so much, and God bless -- God bless the state of Texas. It's an incredible place. Uh, any questions for us?

Question: Mr. President, are you still planning to phase out FEMA?

Donald Trump: Well, FEMA is, uh, something we can talk about later, but right now they're busy working, so we'll leave it at that. Go ahead.

Question: Uh, for the trade letters that you're sending out on Monday, um, Secretary Bessent said that it would be a three-week extension and that rates could go back up to the April 2nd level on August 1st. Is that what we should --

Donald Trump: Well, we're gonna be sending letters out on Monday having to do with the trade deals. Uh, it could be 12, maybe 15. You know Secretary of Commerce right here. And, uh, I guess Howard, I would say it could be maybe as many as 15 or so. And they'll be going out on Monday, and some will go out on Tuesday and Wednesday.

Donald Trump: And it'll, uh -- And we've -- we've made deals also, so we're gonna have a combination of letters. And some deals have been made.

Question: Mr. President, your reaction to Elon Musk starting a third party?

Donald Trump: I think it's ridiculous to start a third party. We have a -- a tremendous success with the Republican party. Uh, the Democrats have lost their way, but it's always been a two-party system, and I think starting a third party just adds to confusion. It really seems to have been developed for two parties. Third parties have never worked, so he can have fun with it, but, uh, I think it's ridiculous.

Question: Mr. President, what's your feedback? [Inaudible] all this feedback from Elon?

Donald Trump: Go ahead.

Howard Lutnick: [Laughs]

Question: What's your, um, message gonna be to Netanyahu tomorrow?

Donald Trump: Well, we're working on a lot of things with Israel, and one of the things is, uh, probably a permanent deal with Iran. Otherwise they have to give up all of the things that you know so well. Uh, the attack turned out according to every -- every single Atomic Energy Commission, that was a complete and total obliteration.

Donald Trump: Uh, and we had the pilots, as you know, at the White House on Friday. They were incredible. And they confirmed that -- They know better than anybody, by the way, but they confirmed that every bomb hit its mark perfectly, and, uh, they would have to start all over again at a different location. This one is, uh, as see -- You know, the word I used was the correct word, obliteration.

Question: What would your message be on Gaza to Netanyahu?

Donald Trump: I think we're close to deal on Gaza. We could have it this week.

Question: Mr. President, Democrats are blaming your federal cuts for the deaths over in Texas --

Donald Trump: I can't hear you.

Question: Mr. President, [Inaudible] hostages?

Donald Trump: I think there's a good chance we have a deal with Hamas during the week, during the coming week pertaining to quite a few of the hostage. Yeah. You know, we've gotten a lot of the hostages out, but pertaining to the remaining hostages, quite a few of them will be coming out. We think we'll have that done this week.

Question: Mr. President, do the tariff rates change at all, um, on July 9th, or do they change on August 1st?

Donald Trump: What are you talking about?

Question: Uh, tariff rates, do they change on July 9th or August 1st?

Donald Trump: Uh, they're gonna be -- Tariffs are tariffs are gonna be the tariffs. I think we'll have most countries done by, uh, July 9th. Yeah. Either a letter or a deal.

Howard Lutnick: But they did -- But they go into effect on August 1st. Tariffs go into effect August 1st, but the President is setting the rates and the deals right now. Okay.

Question: Are you investigating whether some of the cuts to the federal government left key vacancies at the National Weather Service or in the emergency coordination?

Donald Trump: No, no.

Howard Lutnick: They did not.

Donald Trump: Th- -- They did. I'll tell you, uh, if you look at that, uh -- that water situation, that all is in -- That was really the Biden setup. That was not our setup, but I wouldn't blame Biden for it either. I would, uh, just say this is a 100-year catastrophe, and I -- it's just so horrible to watch.

Question: Are you trying to visit Texas, Mr. President?

Donald Trump: Yeah, probably on Friday. We wanted to leave a little time. I would've done it today, but we'd just be in their way. Uh, probably Friday.

Question: Mr. President, have you been briefed on the ship that was hit in the Red Sea? Do you know if the Houthis attacked that ship today?

Donald Trump: Uh, we'll give you a report sometime tonight or tomorrow.

Question: Mr. President, the DC City Council has not approved the new stadium for the Commanders, if they don't approve it, will you step in?

Donald Trump: Well, we see what happens. I've been, uh, looking at the deal and, you know, I don't blame them, they have to. It's a very important piece of property. It's a great piece of property, so we'll see. But if I can help them out, I will. You know, ultimately we control that. The federal government ultimately controls it, so we'll see what happens.

Donald Trump: Uh, I saw the plans, I saw the stadium, uh, the owner's, uh, very, very, uh, successful, and a very good man. I know him a little bit, and uh, it'll be a great place for the NFL to be there, I can tell you that. So if they wanna negotiate a little tough, that's okay with me.

Question: Might see the Commanders change the name back to Redskins?

Donald Trump: Well, you want me to make a controversial statement? I would. I wouldn't have changed the name. But that's there, it just doesn't have the same -- It doesn't have the same ring to me, but you know, winning can make everything sound good. So if they win, all of a sudden the Commander sounds good, but I wouldn't have changed the name.

Question: Why not help Ukraine the way you help Israel?

Donald Trump: Say it?

Question: Why not help Ukraine the same way you help Israel?

Donald Trump: I am helping Ukraine. I'm helping it a lot. And, uh, it's a war that should have never happened. It's a war that should have never started. If I were president, if the election weren't rigged, and it was rigged, rigged it so badly, and that's come out, read Miranda Divine and the New York Post, today, the election was totally rigged.

Donald Trump: And if it weren't rigged, you wouldn't have a war with Russia right now, and you wouldn't have had inflation, and you wouldn't have had the, uh, horrible Afghanistan the way they left. Not that they left, we would've been out before them, but the way they left the war -- . I think the most embarrassing day in the history of our country you wouldn't have had the October horror show with Israel and Hamas.

Donald Trump: You wouldn't have had any of it. You wouldn't have had the recent showdown with Iran. You wouldn't have had any of it, and you wouldn't have had inflation.

Question: How about that -- So you said you had a strategic call with Zelenskyy the other day. What strategy did you just --

Donald Trump: I thought it was a good call. Uh, he's being hit very hard, as I said he would, he's being hit very hard, and I was very disappointed with my call with President Putin. I was very disappointed.

Question: Mr. President, in light of the floods, do you think that the federal government needs to hire back any of the meteorologists who were fired in the last few months?

Donald Trump: I, I wouldn't know that. I really wouldn't. I would think not. This was the thing that happened in seconds. Nobody expected it. Nobody saw it. Uh, very talented people are there, and they didn't see it. It's, I guess, they said once in a hundred years they've never seen anything like that, so I wouldn't -- Uh, I mean, people are trying to blame the school.

Donald Trump: They're trying to blame the camp. They're trying to blame -- It, it's just a horrible thing, but, no, I wouldn't say that. No.

Question: Secretary Lutnick, um, are you expecting any deals to be signed this week and what countries are closest to that?

Howard Lutnick: Well, the president is right in the midst of discussing all sorts of deals with all sorts of countries, and the gentleman to my right's going to decide, and I'm gonna be with him when he makes that decision.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. Thank you, everybody. Thank you.

Donald Trump: Hello everybody.

Donald Trump: It was an amazing little party at the White House for lots of people but -- just a great 4th of July, and we have some busy things to do tomorrow. We have a pretty busy period of time. The economy is doing great, the country is doing amazing. It's on the right track. In fact right track, wrong track came out, I guess, the first time in 28 years that they said we're on the right track.

Question: Hello, Mr. President.

Note: [Video begins a few seconds after the first words]

Donald Trump: So we had a great time in Iowa. Very successful. A lot of people, I think they enjoyed it, but it's been a great state for me. We won it all three times and, uh, very special. Tomorrow's gonna be great. We're gonna have the B-2s flying and we have Christie, the whole group. Including --

Donald Trump: I don't know why it was so long. But, uh, we're doing very well. Anybody have any questions?

Question: [Inaudible]

Question: How [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: A lot of great congressmen. We have everybody. And we have Doug Burgum. If you have any questions, Brooke Rollins, agriculture. Do you have any questions? Let us know. But we all had a great time in Iowa.

Question: What do you have to say about the, uh, floods in Texas?

Question: Mr. President, has Hamas agreed to the latest framework for a ceasefire and hostage deal?

Donald Trump: Oh, that's terrible, the floods? It's uh, shocking. They don't know the answer yet as to how many people, but it looks like some young people have died.

Donald Trump: Uh, we'll see what happens. We're gonna know over the next 24 hours.

Question: [Inaudible] federal aid --

Question: Mr. President, you had the best border numbers in the month of June in the country's history. Now with the one Big Beautiful Bill signed by you, you've set the bar so high when it comes to border security, what is the expectation moving forward, sir?

Donald Trump: Oh, yes, sir. We'll take care of 'em. We're working -- We're working with the governor. We're working with the governor. It's a terrible thing.

Donald Trump: I love this guy.

Question: Mr. President, what's your reaction to Hamas and the response to the [Inaudible] proposal? They said they gave you a positive response.

Question: [Laughter]

Donald Trump: They said they gave me a positive response?

Donald Trump: Oh, I love him.

Question: Yeah.

Brooke Rollins: That's a good question.

Donald Trump: Well, that's good. I mean, I've heard that but they haven't briefed me on it yet. I -- I think they're gonna be positive about it. We're gonna get -- We have to get it over with. Hamas is ha- -- we have to get it over with. We have to do something about Gaza. We've been doing it. You know, we're sending a lot of aid.

Donald Trump: He's like my favorite person. Uh, well, we just wanna see if we can keep going up. We have had, we had great numbers. I appreciate you saying it. We have had --

Donald Trump: A lot of money and a lot of aid. Otherwise, you have people in big, big trouble. But, uh -- Yeah. I think it's been very positive. A good response. Yes, please?

Brooke Rollins: Yeah.

Question: Did you sign any, uh, letters for your [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: But we just want to keep 'em going up, right?

Donald Trump: I did. I signed some letters and they'll go out on Monday, probably 12:00. 12:00 different -- Well, it's different. Uh, different amounts of money, different amounts of tariffs. And somewhat different [Inaudible]

Brooke Rollins: That's right.

Question: Mr. President, which countries will receive those letters on Monday?

Donald Trump: That's all we can do.

Donald Trump: Uh, you'll be announced -- I have to announce it on Monday. I can't do it now.

Question: Mr. President, you --

Question: Mr. President, what do you wanna hear from Pr- -- Prime Minister Netanyahu on Monday [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Donald Trump: Well, we're gonna have a meeting on Iran, obviously. You know, the success -- That was a great success. Uh, blow it to pieces, the whole nuclear -- They, I would say it set back, uh, permanently. If they were gonna do it again, they might as well start in a different location because that location is totally demolished.

Question: -- talked about farmers and trying to, uh, give them some relief. Uh, can you, can you talk a little bit more specifically about, you mentioned legislation tonight at the rally.

Donald Trump: They could start but I would think they'd have to start at a different location. But if they did start, there'd be a problem. We wouldn't allow that to happen.

Donald Trump: Yeah, I'll let, I'll let my agricultural genius talk about it.

Question: Mr. President, a follow-up -- If you can tell us about -- Mr. President, um, Iran does not agree to inspections. Iran does not agree to inspections. Iran does not agree to give up their nuclear enrichment. Is a ceasefire premature?

Brooke Rollins: Yeah. [Laughs] Thank you, sir. Yes, we have been hard at work. The president gave a directive that farmers needed to make sure they could farm and, and, uh, do their harvests and milk their cows. So Stephen Miller, myself, the top team in the White House has been working on, including Secretary Noem, including Secretary Chavez-DeRemer on the H2A streamline.

Donald Trump: Well, you're saying they haven't agreed. Let's see what it is. They wanna meet with me so if they haven't agreed then we're not gonna have a very successful meeting, right?

Brooke Rollins: The current visa system that allows seasonal workers in. So we are hard at work. We've already made some changes. We're gonna make it cheaper, more efficient, and more effective for those farmers. We will have a 100% legal workforce very, very soon thanks to President Trump's leadership.

Question: Mr. President -- Are you still optimistic about a Gaza deal next week?

Question: Mr. President.

Donald Trump: There could be a Gaza deal next week, yeah.

Donald Trump: Good answer, right?

Question: How optimistic are you?

Brooke Rollins: [Laughs]

Donald Trump: I'm very optimistic but you know -- Look, it changes from day-to-day. It's been changing for years. It changes. I came in, I had inherited a very bad situation in many ways that, whether it's at 25 million people coming in from prisons, jails, from, from, uh -- mental institutions, from gangs. You know, it's, uh -- Or that, or Gaza.

Question: Mr. President?

Donald Trump: You could say Gaza, you could say I inherited Iran and we did something about it. And we've gotten a lot of hostages out, as you know, from Gaza. A lot. But unfortunately, you know, we came into that. We inherited that situation.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Question: Mr. President, can you tell us about your call with Zelenskyy today?

Question: We're 10 days away from the anniversary of your assassination attempt. Do you know any more now about the assassination attempt that, than you knew then?

Donald Trump: Yeah, we had a good call. We talked about different things and we had a very good call. I think a very, very, uh -- strategic call.

Donald Trump: Well, the FBI was in the other day with a lot of people, including the Attorney General who's doing a great job, Pam Bondi. Uh, and uh, I'm very satisfied. They gave me a complete presentation. I was very satisfied.

Question: Are there plans to partner with Ukraine on, uh, ammunition?

Question: There is a report that you held a secret meeting today with a Saudi official. Are you any closer on, uh, expanding the Abraham Accords? Any, any news from that?

Donald Trump: Well, we've been helping 'em and will continue to help 'em. It's a pretty tough situation. We'll see what happens. I told you I was very unhappy with my call with President Putin and it just seems like he, uh, he wants to go all the way and just keep killing people. No good. It's not good. I was unhappy with him.

Donald Trump: Yeah, we are. It's one of the things we talked about, the Abraham Accords. Now that Iran has been taken out in terms of a nuclear threat, and they have been completely taken out, at least for a very long time, uh, I think a lot of people are gonna be joining the Abraham Accords. We have four great countries already, but we're gonna have a lot of people, I think, joining the Abraham Accord.

Question: Mr. President, are there any updates on the negotiations in the TikTok deal?

Question: Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Yeah, we're, uh -- We pretty much have a deal. Now we're gonna go and ask -- I think we're gonna start Monday or Tuesday, asking, talking to China, perhaps President Xi or one of his representatives, but we pretty much have a deal on --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Question: And --

Question: Some polls have shown the Big Beautiful Bill to not be very popular. I'm wondering how confident are you in being able to sell it to the American people?

Donald Trump: -- TikTok.

Donald Trump: Yeah, I think it's very popular. Uh, it does many things, but one of 'em is the biggest tax cuts in our country's history, and that alone makes it very popular. The only poll that was done was a, uh, Democrat poll, and the last two of the little bit controversial things, but good things for the country. Uh, the tax cuts alone, so it's the largest tax cut in the history of our country, and that alone makes it very, very popular.

Question: And how confident are you --

Question: Mr. President, can you talk a little bit about your expectations for the celebration next year? Obviously a bit of a preview tonight. You talked about the Patriot Games. You highlighted a possible UFC title fight at the White House.

Donald Trump: But we think we'd probably have to get it approved by China. Not definitely, but probably.

Donald Trump: Right.

Question: How confident are you that China will agree to that deal?

Question: What are your expectations for the celebration next year?

Donald Trump: I'm not confident but I think so. Uh, President Xi and I have a great relationship and I think it's good for them. I think the deal is good for China, and it's good for us, and for us, it's money. You know, we make a lotta money if the deal goes through.

Donald Trump: Well, I think it's gonna be a great celebration. It's gonna be as big a celebration as we've ever had. And remember, we have the World Cup and we have the Olympics also. So we have that plus we have 250. Uh, I think it's gonna be a, a wild time. It's gonna be a great time for this country. It's gonna be the golden age.

Question: Are you planning to visit, uh, President Xi when he [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Donald Trump: Well, I was asked to go there, yeah. I -- uh, he, uh, asked me if I'd go, and he would likewise come here. We get along very well. We always have gotten along well.

Question: Mr. President, what's next, uh, for, for Russia and Ukraine? Are you still speaking, are you speaking to Zelenskyy tomorrow and, and what are you hoping the next --

Question: Mr. President, um, from what I understand [Inaudible] go to the UN and have the UN force the United States to pay for damages for the strikes by the US. What is your response to that?

Donald Trump: I'm speaking to President Zelenskyy tomorrow, early in the morning. And yeah, I'm very disappointed with the conversation I had today with President Putin because I don't think he's there. I don't think he's there.

Donald Trump: You're gonna have to say that again because you're being blurred out.

Question: Can you [Inaudible]

Question: That Iran wants to ask the UN to force the US to pay for damages that [Inaudible] by the, by the strikes that the US did.

Donald Trump: And I, I'm very disappointed. Well, it, it's not, I'm just saying, I don't think he's looking to stop, and that's too bad. This is Biden. This isn't me. This is Biden's war. It wouldn't have happened. If I were president, uh, it wouldn't have happened. So, you know, I, I, in one way, I hate to get too involved, because it's Biden's war.

Donald Trump: Oh, I think, I think it's pretty ridiculous, yeah. I would say maybe very ridiculous.

Donald Trump: President, uh, it wouldn't have happened. So, you know, I, I, in one way, I hate to get too involved because it's Biden's war. And, uh, I got stuck in the middle of it, just like I did with immigration and a lot of other things that they screwed up. But I was not happy with the conversation. No.

Question: Can you tell us about your [Inaudible]

Question: Mr. President, a couple weeks ago, you said that you were on the cusp of a historic settlement with Harvard University. What's changed since then? Do you think you're closer to an agreement or do you think Columbia could go for --

Donald Trump: Go ahead, please.

Donald Trump: Oh, no. I think, I think we're gonna probably settle with Harvard. We're gonna probably settle with Columbia. They, they wanna settle very badly.

Question: Mr. President, Putin has not agreed to a cease fire. Do you think he's mocking you?

Question: How much?

Donald Trump: No, I don't think he's -- I think he's worried about sanctions. I do think he's very worried about sanctions, and you know, we're determining that -- The Senate, as you know, has put in big sanctions, very big sanctions.

Donald Trump: There's no rush. A lot of money.

Question: Do you wanna see Patriot missiles go into Ukraine?

Question: [Laughter] Mr. President, I wanted to ask you about one of the words you used during your speech, shylocks. That's widely viewed as an anti-Semitic phrase. Did you attend for that word be used that way?

Donald Trump: Well, they need 'em for defense. But I wanna -- I don't wanna see people get killed, and he's go- -- they're gonna need 'em for defense. They're amazingly effective. You know, we knocked out 14 out of 14. That's pretty amazing. If you think of it, it's almost incredible, but we knocked out 14 out of 14, so they're gonna need something because they're being hit pretty hard.

Donald Trump: No, I've never heard it that way. To me, a shylock is somebody that's a, uh, a moneylender at high rates. I've never heard it that way. You view it differently than me. I've never heard that. Go ahead. Anything else?

Question: Are you gonna send 'em, though? Are you gonna send more?

Question: Mr. President, what do you make of the deal, uh, that your lawyer struck, uh, with CBS's parent company? Uh, can you talk, uh, uh, talk about that? And have you had any conversations with, uh, Larry Ellison about expectations you might have for Skydance and PSAs that they would run should they take over Paramount?

Donald Trump: Yeah, we might. We're looking at it.

Donald Trump: Well, Larry Ellison is a friend of mine. He's a great guy. I think he's the buyer. But, uh, we did a deal for about $16 million plus 16 million, or maybe more than that in advertising. So it's a combination of 16 plus, 16 plus. So it's like 32 to maybe $35 million. I think that what they did, what they, and this has nothing to do with Larry Ellison.

Question: On tariffs, Mr. President, why are they only coming into effect in August?

Donald Trump: I think he's gonna run CBS really well, and I think he's making a good deal to buy it. I think he's great. He's got a son who's a fantastic young man too. Uh, but, uh, what they did was incredible. They took an answer from Kamala just before, the day before the election, and it was a horrible answer. And they took the answer out in its entirety, and they put another answer in. A different answer that was a different part of the interview because the answer she gave was so bad, it was like election-threatening.

Donald Trump: Well, I'll probably start them on August 1st, although that's pretty early, right? I mean --

Donald Trump: And I have never, I've seen it all, but I've never seen that. Nobody has. And we understand that was done in other locations also with respect to answers. But think of it, one of the most important question, maybe the most important question, she gave a horrible answer to it. So they took an answer from another part of the interview and they inserted it. Nobody's ever seen that before.

Question: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: So I think they made a wise decision to settle.

Donald Trump: You know --

Question: And is that 16 million for the ads, is that part of, uh, contingency for your administration to approve the merger or the, the sale of the company?

Question: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: No, it has nothing to do with that. It has to, this is totally separate. This was when I was running. This had nothing to do with what was taking place in government. This is when I was running. Uh, this was the, essentially the night before the election, and they did this and we thought it was despicable, actually.

Donald Trump: -- because we're talking about -- Yeah, so when do you think they should come into effect?

Question: [Inaudible] Haven't made a deal?

Question: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: No. We're gonna start sending letters out to various countries starting tomorrow. We'll probably have 10 or 12 go out tomorrow. And over the next few days, uh, I think by the 9th, they'll be fully covered. And they'll range in value from maybe 60 or 70% tariffs to, uh, 10 and 20% tariffs. Uh, but they're gonna be starting to go out sometime tomorrow.

Donald Trump: Sooner? I don't know how they could be sooner. We, we waited about a 90-day period. We probably had 90 days or so, and, uh, and, and really much longer than that because we've been looking into this for years. We've been looking at it -- I've been looking at it for a long time. I can tell you every single country, and I can tell you every single deficit that we have and they have.

Donald Trump: We've done the final form, and it's basically going to explain what the countries are gonna be paying in tariffs. And it's, uh, very important. It's a lot of money for the country, but we're giving them a bargain.

Donald Trump: I've been looking at it for many years, frankly, and I think it's ridiculous that countries were able to get away with so much.

Question: Mr. President.

Question: Mr. President, can you [Inaudible] your call with the German chancellor today?

Donald Trump: 'Cause if I went by the true deficits or, uh, by other, uh, ways of measuring, it could be a lot more. We, I, we don't wanna- --

Donald Trump: I had a great call with the German chancellor. He's a strong guy, very good man, had a great victory.

Brooke Rollins: That's right.

Question: Did you --

Donald Trump: I don't wanna stretch it too much. We want to keep it pretty reasonable.

Donald Trump: No. We did talk about it, though, and, uh, he feels, you know, they have to be protected. He's a strong guy and smart, very smart man.

Brooke Rollins: Yeah, yeah.

Question: Mr. President, are you confident that you'll be able to find an end to the fighting in Ukraine?

Question: Mr. President --

Donald Trump: That's an interesting question. We have with India, and with Pakistan, and in Africa, as you know, with the Congo and Rwanda, uh, Serbia, and us- -- you know, uh, Kosovo, and so many others. We've, we've found, uh -- we've helped Egypt with, as you know, their nextdoor neighbor where the water is being taken from the Nile.

Donald Trump: And I think it's, actually, I think it's very reasonable.

Donald Trump: We've helped a lotta countries. The, uh, Ukraine situation, that's a Biden deal. That's not a Trump deal. I just -- I'm trying to get it finished off, settled, and we'll see. I, I don't know. It's be -- I can't tell you whether or not that's gonna happen.

Brooke Rollins: I agree.

Question: Is it a priority?

Question: Mr. President. Mr. President, what countries will you be sending those letters to first?

Donald Trump: Yeah, I'd like to see it happen. I don't wanna see 5,000, 6,000, 7,000 soldiers killed every week, and you have other people, but for the most part, so far, it's been mostly soldiers, and they're Ukrainian soldiers, and they're also Russian soldiers, but it's 5,000 souls, and they're being killed every single week, except it's really higher than that now.

Donald Trump: Uh, we're gonna be sending to, well, you're gonna see tomorrow. I'd rather give it tomorrow, but we have probably 12, 10 to 12 tomorrow. And then after that, we'll be sending 10 or 12 a day. And as we get along, as we get to the smaller countries, uh, we're pretty much gonna keep the tariffs the same.

Question: Do you expect any trade deals this weekend to be signed?

Question: Are there countries that will have a little flexibility with that deadline?

Donald Trump: Yeah, I do. I think, uh, I'll probably send out 10 or 12 letters.

Donald Trump: Not really. I mean, they'll, they'll start to pay on August 1st. The money will start to come into the United States on August 1st. Okay? In pretty much all cases. Thank you very much everybody. Thank you.

Question: Mr. President, in addition to the letters, do you think you'll be able to reach deals with European Union or any [Inaudible]

Brooke Rollins: Thank you, everyone.

Donald Trump: Uh, uh, I think the letters are better for us. I've said that all along because you have hundreds of countries. You know, you have over 200 countries, and you can't sit down with 200 countries. I think the letters are better. I think a simple tariff is simpler than and better than sitting down and working 15 different things.

Question: Thank you.

Donald Trump: You know, with the UK, we did that, and it was great for both parties. Uh, with China, we did that, and I think it's very good for both parties. We have India coming up, and with Vietnam, we did it, but, uh, it's much easier to send a letter saying, "Listen, we know we have a certain deficit, or in some cases a surplus, but not too many, and this is what you're gonna have to pay if you wanna do business in the United States." And it's a tremendous amount of money that would be coming to us.

Question: Thank you, sir.

Question: What about the [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.

Donald Trump: It's really, by the way, it's a tremendous amount of money. You see the kind of money already, you know, we're taking in, uh, tariffs now on cars, usually about 25%. Every car that comes into the country's paying about, the country's paying about 25%, uh, lumber, steel, aluminum. But for the most part, uh, just I'd say just a percentage of maybe 15, 20% of the ultimate tariff, which would be over the next few months.

Question: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: And, uh, you know, we've taken in over a hundred million dollars already.

Question: Mr. President, you plan to cut --

Donald Trump: Pretty shocking, so much. And the other thing that's happening is many countries are moving into the country in order not to pay tariffs. So they're moving their factory here in order not to pay tariffs.

Question: Mr. President, can you talk about your meeting with Saudi Defense Ministry way down?

Donald Trump: Yeah. We had a great meeting, uh, great person. Uh, he was representing and he had some statements from the King and from the Crown Prince. Uh, great people. Uh, they congratulated us on the incredible attack on Iran. It was an attack on something that you can't have, the nuclear facility. It's been proven now that it's been totally obliterated.

Donald Trump: If they wanted to start, they couldn't start there. They'd have to start someplace else. But, uh, it was a congratulatory call in many ways. Uh, we talked about trade, we talked about, uh, missile defense. We talked about airplanes. They wanna buy a lot of airplanes.

Question: Why are you so much tougher on Iran and Russia?

Donald Trump: Um, no, I think I'm tougher on Russia than I am on Iran, actually. If you remember, uh, Nord Stream 2, you never heard that term until Trump came along. Right? And, uh, you know, I closed it and that was the biggest economic development deal they've ever done. Then Biden opened it, but then it got closed.

Donald Trump: But, uh, Biden opened it. No, I think I'm tougher on Russia than I was on almost any other country.

Question: Would you like to see Patrick Reed make the Ryder Cup?

Donald Trump: Yeah, I think he's great. Patrick Reed, he's great.

Question: Mr. President. Have you threatened Putin with sanctions? [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: Uh, we talk about sanctions a lot. Yeah.

Question: What does he say?

Donald Trump: I would say he is not thrilled with it. But, you know, he's been able to handle sanctions, but these are pretty biting sanctions. Now, we talk about sanctions a lot and he, he understands that it may be coming in, you know, he's a, he's a professional.

Question: May be coming.

Donald Trump: Yeah, maybe coming. Sure.

Question: Have decided on what your next international trip might be?

Donald Trump: With who, with what?

Question: Have you decided on what your next international trip might be?

Donald Trump: Uh, yeah, you know, it changes a lot. We get these emergencies. I'm putting out fires all over the place, talking about my next international trip. We're putting out fires all over the place. And, uh, so it's, you know, changing. But, uh, we're planning to go to Europe. Uh, we've been invited to Turkey. I've been invited, frankly, to every country.

Donald Trump: And we had a tremendous success in NATO. As you know, they've agreed to put up more than a trillion dollars. They took it from 2%, but they weren't paying 2%. They were paying less to 5% where they're paying. And that's a big deterrent. That's a, that was a great thing they did. We have a great relay -- I have a great relationship with almost all of the nations.

Question: Mr. President, your plan to let farmers keep their workers, that that might not be in the [Inaudible] do you do that for other industries like home building?

Donald Trump: Yeah, well, we're looking at that right now and we're gonna come out with a statement done it sometime next week. But we wanna have, you know, certain industries need help because we don't have enough people and we're gonna be coming out with a statement fairly soon. What we are doing is getting all the criminals out of our country.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much, everybody. I hope you had a good time and it's been a great, I think it's been a great 4th of July.

Question: Happy [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: It's been a great, happy 4th of July everybody. Thank you very much. Thank you.