Thanks everybody for joining us at a rather extraordinary moment uh in American history. And I'm just delighted to have my very best friends in the US Senate with uh me today uh for a very informal discussion on some of the issues that I know that are of concern to everybody out there. Let me just start off by once again talking about why we are in this shutdown. And we are in the shutdown because we refuse to allow the American health care system to collapse. We refuse to allow 15 million Americans to be thrown off the healthcare they have. uh and another 30 million people to see their rates double and in some cases more than I just got and Peter my colleague from Vermont knows this. We just got uh information from the insurance companies in Vermont. It'll vary up and down in different states. In Vermont, we are seeing in Burlington, Vermont, for a couple, a family of four of $129,000, uh their their uh premiums are going to quadruple quadruple going from um uh about $900 a month uh to somewhere around $3,600 a month. That family of four in Burlington, Vermont will be spending about $55,000 a year on healthcare. All right. Basically insane. And that is up and down more or less what's going on all around the country. So that's going on in Vermont. What's going on in your states, guys? Well, certainly in in my state of Oregon, uh we are uh having demonstrations against the federal agents who have come in to provoke violence, and those demonstrations are demonstrations of joy and whimsy because the people of Portland decided not to take the bait. They understand that the president's trying to create violence and use violence to justify more authoritarian power and that this idea of deploying our military against domestic demonstrations is a key part of an authoritarian setting the stage for future actions becoming the courts, giving approval to it, getting the military used to taking commands to go in. And uh I think the response in Portland has been incredible. complete restraint even when provoked by federal agents proceeding to do things like uh women coming down doing pastries in pajamas and folks bringing down their pets and doing paws as in paws of a dog. pause for peace and proceeding to dress up as the uh group of frogs and other characters dancing in the street saying we are protesting um we're doing it Portland style because we understand what the president's up to and we're not going to be supporting or helping his authoritarian strategy. >> Okay, maybe back to healthcare for a second. So, you know, Bernie, as you were talking, I was just thinking about this email that I got yesterday from a motan and um she said, first of all, she said, I want to write uh to thank you for fighting for affordable healthcare. So, people, I think, are paying attention to what this fight is all about. They understand that we have a president who's giving tax breaks to, you know, gazillionaires, but can't seem to find the money to lower health care premiums for people that are just regular people. So, she says, "I logged on to my account today and found that my monthly premium is increasing from $1,000 a month, which is a lot, >> right, >> to $3,163 a month." And she says, "This is catastrophic >> for my husband and I. We can't afford this and we're not we're going to have to go without health insurance." And so, you know, again, we've been saying that this is a now problem. this isn't something that we can like maybe get around to solving in January or >> she's so it's not just Vermont, it's Minnesota, and I suspect it's all of us. Tripping of her healthcare premiums. >> Yes. >> To be $36,000 a year. >> Yes, that's right. And she says this is really what got me. She was a um an educator at a Catholic school and she said that this is more than what her annual salary was when she was a teacher. >> Wow. Yeah. That's the brutal scene. You know, by the way, what's so astonishing about this, you know, Trump has been >> picking on blue states, want to inflict the f pain on blue states. This affects folks who voted for him. >> I mean, these premiums uh don't go to Republicans, the Democrats, they go to families, >> they go to teachers, and everyone is going to get hammered on this. And what we're fighting for is healthcare, regardless of who you voted for. And 78% of the folks who are on the exchange are in states Trump won. Yeah. So we're not advocating for blue versus red values here. We're talking about healthcare for the entire country. Exactly. And it's a bipartisan issue. It's a fundamental foundation for a family to thrive. >> Yeah. While while we're on that issue, just so because I think we hone in on this because some of us get asked the question, why are you all fighting this fight so much when some of the biggest beneficiaries are people who live in in red states? And the answer is we're not like Trump, right? We don't try to punish people who voted against us. We want to make sure everybody >> has access to affordable healthcare. And Peter, when you said that, I've got this list here of the states that are going to see the biggest increases in their premiums. West Virginia, Wyoming, Alaska, Tennessee. This these are in order. Why? West Virginia 387%. We've been talking about doubling, tripling. But if you go down the list, >> West Virginia, you go down this list and like the first 12, 14, 15 of the states that will see the biggest premium jumps are are red states. But we want to make sure people in red states, blue states, purple states. This is all red, white, blue, white. This is all about Americans. >> I mean, honestly, did it ever occur to anybody in this room that we should not worry about people in West Virginia cuz they voted for Trump or Idaho? >> Maybe we're old-fashioned conservatives who believe that we live in one country, right? We're all in this together. >> But, you know, it is about values. You've got that exactly right. So, I keep watching right now as people are seeing tripling health care uh health insurance costs uh quadrupling, but the Republicans, Donald Trump has managed to say, "We're going to we're going to still set aside $20 billion to send to Argentina to prop up Mille, this this right-wing buddy who has sucked up to Donald Trump for years, who's in terrible trouble. trouble. People of Argentina, it looks like, are going to vote him out. So Trump is willing to rush him with $20 billion. And we learned yesterday that Nah, 20 may not get the job done. So they're going to $40 billion. Now, there are two things to watch about this. The first one is $40 billion when families here in our states are not going to be able to afford healthcare. The lady you're talking about just says we'll just have to give it up and hope for the best. $40 billion. What that would mean in our health care system, more than cover all of these uh uh this help for people to be able to pay their exchange uh insurance policies. But the other half of it is it's not like it's $40 billion to go in and feed poor children in Argentina. This is $40 billion to bail out hedge funds that have invested in Argentine debt. That's that's what this is about. So it's to come in and >> Exactly. These are Scott Besson, our Secretary of Treasury's friends who are now jumping in and saying, you know, we need help in this because they had invested for money in Argentine debt. >> Did he own a lot of land in the in the Dakotas, a lot of farmland? >> He owns a lot of farmland, you know, in the in the northern tier of this country. That's exactly right. But finish, Elizabeth, because I want to get in on this because I think this is so important. Her point is a good one because this is about you think of a president of the United States is supposed to be watching out for us for all of us right America first one it sounds like Argentina >> yeah it's Argentina then America so in let me tell you how this is going over in Minnesota right now so we know like roughly a quarter of American farmers family farmers are buying their health insurance on the exchange so they're getting walloped by these big insurance premium increases. But at the same time, Minnesota soybean farmers are just >> creamed because they have no markets for our soybean products because of Trump tariffs. And so when they read in the morning newspaper that Donald Trump is sending $40 billion to Argentina and that is actually where China is turning to buy soybeans because the US market has been ruined for uh you know by Donald Trump and so it's just like it's just too much. It's just too much. >> Connect the dots on the timing. >> Yeah. Argentina cuts a deal with China to say to China in effect, you've been buying from those American farmers all those years, "Well, now you're facing tariffs. There's a lot of turmoil in the United States thanks to Trump. How about cut a long-term deal with us and leave those American farmers to let their soybeans rot in the field?" >> And by the way, that that's the market that our Midwest farmers used to sell to. >> Exactly right. Exactly. their crop. >> So, they have raced in. >> They haven't sold a bushel of of soybeans. >> That's right. But the Argentinians have raced in. They've taken that market, locked that market up, and once that deal was in place, then Trump said 20 billion for Argentina and is now raising. But I I think on this point it's worth um coming full circle cuz we're talking about health care costs that are about to spike. >> But we're also seeing rising costs around the country because of the Trump tariffs. And this is the guy who said on day one >> he was going to bring down prices and costs. He's done the exact opposite >> and now they're going to allow this huge spike in health care costs. But when he put those across the board tariffs on place in place, not only is that a national sales tax comes out of the pocket of every single American, but China responded by saying, "Well, if you're going to impose greater tariffs on us, >> we're not going to buy so many of your soybeans." >> So that punished American farmers. And to add insult to injury, China then decided to buy from Argentina. And then Donald Trump and Scott Vesson bail out Argentina. This all comes back to the Trump policy of across the board tariffs that are punishing the American people. And for God's sakes, you said you weren't going to allow, you know, you you were going to bring down prices. You haven't done that. But when it comes to healthcare, you're about to increase costs to the American people in this case 2, three, four times. So for God's sakes, at least do no harm. Bernie. So, thank you. So, so they're high-fiving in Buenosaris today. They're very happy on Main Street in Buenosar. Thank God Donald Trump has arrived to bail us out. >> We were about to have a crisis here in our country. Meanwhile, in Burlington, Vermont, they're getting notices that their health care costs are going to skyrocket. >> Yep. and in Worcester, in Baltimore, in Minneapolis, in Portland, they're all getting these notices that they're going up and that people are going to lose their health insurance. So, I just released a report yesterday where 10 million >> American small businesses are their employees are right now going to be losing uh the Affordable Care Act support for their health insurance and those rates are going to skyrocket. So those are American businesses. Is Donald Trump >> you want to step in to help our American small businesses? And by the way, they're Rotarians. They're Kanians. They're the local chamber of commerce. They are the heartbeat of the American economy. And they're about to see pretty much an extinction experience. Uh and especially for black and brown and small minority businesses in our country, they live on the edge. If you have a dramatic spike in their health insurance, it's going to be catastrophic. And what the Republicans are doing is they're not even in Washington in the House of Representatives. >> Say that again. I want everybody to know >> we're in the middle of a major shutdown. Obviously, they're intense negotiations going on because the Republican Speaker of the House understands how important the situation. Where are they actually? >> Right now, they're in a political witness protection program somewhere in America. They refuse to come to Washington. They're absolutely not to be found. We're waiting here to negotiate with them over those. >> They've been on vacation for a month. >> And and what they want what they want the Democrats to do after they engage in the biggest financial healthc care heist of all time is that we should drive the getaway car for them. We should just go along with a bill that's going to allow for this economic catastrophe on Main Street all across America. Well, in Main Street in Buenosaris, they're high-fiving. Thank you for helping our businesses, but no, American businesses are about to have a catastrophic economic uh event that will change. >> I want to go to a point that Elizabeth raised last week. I mean, all of us understand the tragedy of what it means for people to see a doubling, tripling, quadrupling of the health care cost, people losing healthare. >> But there's another point out there, the ancillary effects of these massive cuts in terms of nursing homes. Y >> community health centers, rural hospitals. Who wants to jump in on that one? >> No. >> Yeah. Go ahead, Peter. >> I want to go back to the farm situation because I think now and >> that's how leadership works for me. >> But but it is rural America where we all know people really work hard. They care about their neighbors. Okay. So the health care those farmers in the Midwest depend on the tax subsidy so they can buy private insurance. Number two, the tariffs have increased their cost. The tractors are more expensive. The seed is more expensive. The fertilizer is more expensive. >> And then three, the tariffs led directly to them losing their biggest market. And number four, we've created a market for Argentinian farmers. So when this is over, those markets are gone. They don't come back. And the catastrophic design of this couldn't have been better produced to inflict more pain. And it's on folks who were largely Trump supporters. Uh and this is the this is the payback they get >> and with with the other ancillary effects. >> Good. All right, let's get there. >> Getting there. Look, all I would say hospitals in rural America play a major role in that community and they do in Vermont. Bernie, >> one of the things I I find really upsetting, we are the richest country on earth, and the way we treat elderly people, disabled people in nursing homes is beyond disgrace. So, I don't know about your states, but in Vermont, nursing homes are shutting down. They're underst staffed, >> uh, underfunded. >> Well, yeah. I mean, they called it their big beautiful bill. It was beautiful for billionaires. For everybody else, it sucks. When they cut Medicaid, they cut the primary insurer for nursing homes. Right. >> Right. Most people in nursing homes are covered by Medicaid. So when they lack Medicaid, >> they are essentially >> making it much harder for people to be able to go to to a nursing home. in nursing homes who are already as we all know completely underfunded and in so many cases an unacceptable situation for our seniors. So they've taken that made it worse. They're also closed you know rural hospitals are going to close around the country. All of that again as you said Bernie at the beginning to provide billionaires and very rich people with a huge tax cut. In fact, they extended tax cuts for the billionaires and the very wealthy in their so-called big beautiful bill. The one tax cut they did not extend, >> right, >> was the tax pre, you know, premium support that allows middle class families, >> right, >> to afford health insurance. That's the one tax cut they let expire. They let that ticking time bomb go boom boom and it's going to explode if we don't deal with it. And you know, by the way, one of the things that is driving up health care costs are the Trump tariffs, >> right? >> Because a lot of medical supplies, pharmaceuticals, other big big expenses of rural hospitals and nursing homes have this tariff on top of them, which means that everything costs more. And you know, I just want to debunk this one thing that our Republican colleagues have been saying. and they're saying, "Oh, like the Democrats are insisting that we roll back this $50 billion in support for rural hospitals." So, everybody should just know that this is total nonsense because they put in this sort of special program for rural hospitals. They needed to do that because they screwed rural hospitals by cutting, what was it, $150 billion dollars out of Medicaid, which is the insurance that rural hospitals count on. So do not fall for this story that they are pushing out there because it's just complete >> But in addition, what you are trying to do is just make sure that all undocumented people in this country. Isn't that the other thing? >> That's right. And people they're they're still pushing out that story even though it is completely debunked. The you know federal law says that you cannot use federal funding to provide health insurance to people who don't have documents who are here illegally. And so it's just again it's just they're falling back on this nonsense because they know that they are losing the argument with their base voters who are looking at their healthcare costs going up and can't afford it. >> I want to move on to you know what Jeff started a moment ago but before we do that let me just I think I speak for everybody here. We all understand that before the big beautiful bill, before the massive cuts to health care that Trump is pushing, our current health care system is broken, is dysfunctional, and we are the only major country on earth not to guarantee healthcare to all people despite spending twice as much >> as any other country. So, we are aware of that. I think I sweep everybody here who believes that healthcare is a human right and that's where we got to go. But right now the immediate struggle is to see that the current healthare system as bad as it is does not collapse completely. >> If I was to summarize what the conversation has been about nine months of the Trump administration making Americans sicker and poor that's been his agenda. Families lose and billionaires win. as Chris pointed out, but it's also about this authoritarian takeover because we're discussing tariffs, but the fact is there is no law that gives the president's village to set tariffs. That's why we've seen no other president uh do that. We're discussing sending $40 billion to Argentina, but there is no law that said send $40 billion to Argentina. And I want to keep reminding all of us and across America, what we're seeing is a president acting like a king, ignoring the laws that apply to the executive branch, like you can't fire inspector generals, but also stealing the power of the purse. And this is so important because a fundamental difference between a democracy and a strongman authoritarian state is it the Congress representing the people that decides what programs will be funded and how much or is it the the head of the executive branch, the president or whatever title you give it. And so we have seen through the strategies Trump has been doing of slowing down funding, freezing funding, impounding funding, running out the clock on the fiscal year and saying poof, sorry that funding, well there was nothing that reversed the law to said I was supposed to spend it, but the year is out so so it's gone. and then getting support from the Supreme Court for that strategy which is you compile these things underlying all the battles we're talking about is we have to fight to restore our democracy. We are in the middle of an authoritarian takeover. It is no small thing. The biggest threat to our republic since the civil war and we have to stand up, exercise our oath as senators and reclaim this country for government by and for the people. >> Right. But part of what Donald Trump is trying to do as his vengeance steward is that because we have stood up and fought back. He says he's firing thousands more federal workers. And he's already been through with Elon Musk and the chainsaw, tried to cut down branches of government that work for the people, like the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, and just lay people off everywhere he could. I think we all have to be clear on this. It was illegal when he did it when government was open and it is equally illegal when he does it when government is shut down. But this is about Donald Trump believing that the state, the power of government is his to be used for the vengeance he wishes to wreck on whoever he sees as those who cross him, those who stand up to him and the power of taking US taxpayer dollars and shooting them off to Argentina or wherever else Donald Trump wants to send them. And you are right, Jeff, that is the action of a cane >> and we don't have canes in the United States. We need to remind Donald Trump of that. >> Yeah. So, um Yeah. So, we we've got a crisis right now. And these hedge fund guys, they want to get their payback for their support for uh Donald Trump in the election. And the three top hedge fund managers in America made more money last year than all 120,000 kindergarten teachers in our country combined. Okay, who did more for our country last year? I know those 120,000 kindergarten teachers are three hedge fun guys. They're the ones that are going to get bailed out in Argentina and here. Uh and simultaneously he wants to destroy the entire Department of Education and the EPA. take that funding and then with a Robin Hood in reverse strategy, give all that money and tax breaks to billionaires and millionaires, the hedge fund guys. And so health is the first wealth for every family. If you don't have your health, you have nothing. And so they're looting that by the tens of millions in our nation. And all of that wealth, that health is going to those billionaires. And that's what this fight is all about. It's all about this transfer of wealth into the hands of the wealthiest and it's it is just Robin Hood in reverse and the sheriff of Nottingham on behalf of King John uh is now latter day these hedge fund guys and King Donald Trump trying to do the same thing uh and to take from the poor to give to the rich >> you know just to make you feel worse uh this isn't bailing out the hedge fund guys it's enriching the hedge fund They buy the debt like at 20 cents on the dollar because it's going south. >> Well, without the with the bailout, it means they may get a dollar on the 20 cents. >> So, this is a total sweetheart deal. >> Just like the taxes. >> Well, we remember on inauguration day, right, when he told the American people it was going to be a new golden age for America. But the people he was really talking to were the people sitting right behind him. Elon Musk, Mark Zuckerberg, the other billionaires. This cabinet is just filled with these cabinets. The ones with the gold, right? The ones with the gold. That's what he means by golden age. More gold for the already rich in in America. And he is determined >> to shut down all opposition. I mean, that's what authoritarians do. And you know, Elizabeth mentioned um you know, we we don't believe in kings in America. So, tomorrow >> everybody will have a chance to say we don't have kings in America. And what why this is important though is Donald Trump is trying to use intimidation and the force of the federal government >> to silence people and get them to shut up. >> And so it's really important that everybody speak out loudly and also take actions, peaceful actions to demonstrate that we won't support a king. And I've said this before, but I do think it's important that we call out those who capitulate >> because when big institutions with lots of resources, whether they're law firms or universities or whoever they may be, >> when they cave in to the bully, >> the bully just gets hungrier and they're putting the rest of our rights at risk. And so this is a moment where everybody's got to stand up. I saw that list of all these billionaires and companies that were going to finance the new Trump ballroom at the White House. Right. So, but this is an example of what's the problem is. And we need all of those organizations, those businesses to say our democracy >> means more to us than making money. Unfortunately, that's not their view. Their view is making billions is more important than our democracy. That's why all of us and you know, people all over the country need to stand up. >> I'm ready. >> I I just want to maybe end on the note that Ed raised. You know, every day there's something else and people are distracted and overwhelmed. But I want you, and Chris made this point, I want you to think back to Trump's inauguration. Who was standing right behind them? >> The richest people in the country. And 10 months later, how are those people doing? >> They have been making zillions and zillions of dollars. They're doing phenomenally well. How you doing? How you doing when you walk into the grocery store? Can you afford decent quality food for your kids? What about your rent? What are you paying? 40, 50% of your income in rent. And now you're dealing with healthare, double, triple, quadruple, or maybe you're going to lose your healthcare at all. So, in the middle of all of this distraction, this flooding the zone, a new crisis every day. Pay attention to the fundamental issue. The billionaire class has never ever had it so good. They are funding Trump. They are delighted. and you and all of us are struggling. So, I think Chris said it best. We got to stand up. We got to fight back. Too many Americans fought and died to defend American democracy. We're not going to let Trump and his oligarchic friends take it away from us. >> On that note, thank you. Standing up his patriotism like that. Thank you. Yep.