and a subject that impacts not only millions of people in our own country, uh, but as you all know, what happens in America impacts every continent on Earth. We're talking about billions of people. And I'd also like to thank our speakers who will be presenting in a moment, Dr. George E. Benjamin from the American Public Health Association, Dr. Woody Kessle from Doctors for America, and Dr. Robert Mitchell from the National Medical Association. Uh, collectively, uh, these organizations represent more than 100,000 doctors and health care professionals, and I thank them again very much for being with us today. Uh, let me be as clear as I can be. We are now witnessing a full-blown war on science, on public health, and on truth itself. That is what we are confronting right now. At this unprecedented moment in American history, it is important to share the facts as clearly as we can. So I will take this opportunity to make a very simple point. Can't be simpler. Vaccines work. Period. Now you all notice I don't have a white coat on. I'm not a doctor. I confess that I failed biology when I was in college. So don't take my advice on medical issues. Take the advice of doctors and scientists all over our country and all over the world. And in a moment, you'll hear from physicians standing with me today about the overwhelming consensus in the medical and scientific community that vaccines are safe and effective. But before we go any further, let me just share three facts that I consider to be basic and essential. Number one, vaccines have saved millions of lives. You know, I know around here in cap on the capital, we talk about millions and trillions. Millions of lives is a lot of people. That's a lot of moms and dads who don't have to bury their children. According to a study published in the Lancet, over the past 50 years, vaccines have saved the lives of more than 150 million people around the world and cut infant mortality rates by 40%. Fact number two, vaccines have prevented massive human suffering. It is easy to forget just how bad some of these infectious diseases were before vaccines were made widely available. It's easy to forget that in the early 1900s over 6,000 Americans died from the measles each and every year. In 1952, 3,000 people in America died from a polio outbreak, and many more needed leg braces, wheelchairs, and an iron lung to breathe. At the height of the COVID pandemic, we were losing, and you know this better than I do, 3,000 people every single day. Hospitals were overwhelmed and doctors and nurses like you put your lives on the line and some people died trying to save Americans. Vaccines changed all of that. How many people do we know who need an iron lung today to breathe? How many hospitals today are overwhelmed with COVID patients? Fact number three, vaccines have stopped the spread of infectious diseases like polio, smallox, and measles. According to the CDC, over the past 30 years, routine childhood vaccinations in America have prevented over 1.1 million deaths, more than 500 million cases of illness, and over 32 million hospitalizations. Unfortunately, despite all of the evidence again, not only in the United States, but from scientists and doctors all over the world, we now have a Secretary of Health and Human Services, Secretary Kennedy, who continues to sow doubt about the efficacy of vaccines. In just six months, Secretary Kennedy has dismantled the vaccine review process, narrowed access to life-saving COVID vaccines, and filled scientific advisory boards with conspiracy theorists and ideologues. Further, while the secretary has criticized politicized science, he has installed a record number of political officials at the CDC itself with no credible scientific experience. I have come to learn that this includes the acting CDC director, a former hedge fund manager with ties to the pharmaceutical industry. That's the acting CDC director. the acting CD CDC director's chief of staff, a former private equity lawyer who private privatized airports. The acting CDC director's deputy chief of staffs, one of whom is a former realtor, another who is a personal injury lawyer. The American people do not want hedge fund managers or realtors giving medical advice. Bottom line, we need an HHS secretary who believes in science, not conspiracy theories. We need an HHS secretary who listens to doctors, not just whoever is willing to tell him what he wants to hear. We need an HHS secretary who is willing to not just say, but act in ways that will make America healthy. Now, let me turn to the our speakers for today. And I'm very pleased to have three physicians with me uh to help educate the American people about the importance of vaccines. These leaders represent the voices of over 100,000 physicians and public health professionals. First, I'd like to introduce Dr. Georgie's Benjamin, the executive director of the American Public Health Association, an association that represents over 450 public health organizations and 23,000 members. Dr. Benjamin s started his career as a military physician and served as chief of emergency medicine at Walter Reed Army's Medical Center. He's also previously served as the secretary of of the Maryland Department of Health. Dr. Benjamin, thanks very much for being with us. Well, hello everyone. APA is the oldest and largest association of public health professionals and advocates for the nation's health. We have over 50,000 organizational individual members representing the full range of people in the field across all states and territories. Um we've been around for over 150 years, founded in 1872 um aggressively working to promote the public's health. So we've been in this debate for a long time. I'm going to start by answering a couple questions that Senator Kennedy could not or would not at his hearing the other day. Just for the record, the COVID pandemic resulted in 1,230,96 deaths from the beginning of the epidemic. That as of August 2nd of this year, we actually have good numbers on that. We know deaths. In fact, we have a forensic pathologist here um who's going to speak to you last today. So, we actually know these numbers. I understand there's questions about whether people died of COVID or with COVID, but we do pretty good counting. A lot of things we're estimating, but we do pretty good counting on that one. You know, it's also we know that the Commonwealth Fund using really sound methodology um looked at um how effective the COVID vaccine was. And we know that from December 2020 to November 2022, it prevented approximately 3.2 million deaths and 18.5 million hospitalizations. The COVID vaccine works and it saved lives. We know that currently test positivity um is on the rise and wastewater surveillance shows increases in several communities despite the fact that we have a fractured testing system. Right now, we're not capturing things like we were doing during the pandemic. We actually know because CDC actually on their website tells us a bit about the disease burden that we've had from 2024 to 2025. These are preliminary numbers, but they're the best numbers that we have right now. That we've had 12.7 to 19 million COVID illnesses, 3 to 4 a.5 million outpatient COVID visits, and over 350 almost a half million hospitalizations. Again, estimates. And I think what's important is that CO is still here with us. While the pandemic in its global form has moderated some, uh, it's still here. We know from a presentation at the ACIP the last minute from CDC that nationwide 152 152 children died of COVID last year, half of whom were previously healthy. I think that undermines the issue of whether or not we should vaccinate even healthy children. and that um most of those kids were unvaccinated and about a fifth or 20% of those were hospitalized were admitted to intensive care units. We also know that if you're a woman of childbearing age or pregnant, um you're much more likely to get sick from COVID 19 compared to those who are not pregnant. You're more likely to need hospitalization or intensive care or the use of a ventilator or special equipment should you get COVID. and that long COVID is an enormous risk to those patients. Let me just reiterate what the senator said. Vaccines are safe and effective. And by the way, the public agrees with us. There was a recent NBC News decision desk poll that was done from August 13th to September the 1st of this year which showed that 78% of the public strongly or somewhat support vaccines. So all this stuff you hear about people being concerned about vaccines, yeah, there's a little bit out there, but the public is with us on this story. Now, so far this administration has demonstrated they are not being transparent in their decision-making. They have undermined the well ststructured processes to ensure vaccines are carefully reviewed to be safe, effective, and accessible. You know, even today there's a story about people who are eligible for Medicare, Medicare who are having trouble getting their vaccine. Think about that. They have certainly removed qualified members of committees, particularly the ACIP, and have not replaced them with people of the same competency. In addition, there are enormous concerns about the names that are being floated around uh and the proper vetting of these individuals or the credentials of for infectious diseases. So, the goal of the FDA and the CDC is to make sure that the public's health is protected, and I think they're failing at that. Secretary Kenny has overseen the largest destruction of the nation's public health system in American history. We reject the destruction of these efforts. We reject the unscientific approach to controlling infectious disease. And we call on the administration to ensure full access to co vaccines for all and the reverse course to strengthen not weaken the nation's vaccine safety systems. Thank you. Thank you, Dr. Benjamin. Our next speaker is Dr. Woody Kessle from Doctors for America. Doctors for America represents over 40,000 physicians across the country. Dr. Kessle is a pediatrician, researcher, and professor of pediatrics at the Geel School of Medicine at Dartmouth College. Dr. Kessle. [Applause] >> Thank you, uh, Senator Sanders, and thank you particularly for being, uh, an incredible advocate for our children, for America's children. I'm happy to be here with my colleagues, not because of the issue, but because of all of you standing for something that's critically important that has saved lives. I've been a pediatrician for over five decades, caring for children, supporting families through some of the most cherished events and some of the most difficult uh events. I'm here representing 40,000 colleagues and with my colleagues behind me and in front of me and here in the room uh it's an extraordinary number uh uh of clinicians standing up to put patience patients over politics. Caring for real people, not political agendas. saving lives through preventive care, particularly vaccines. As a pediatrician for 50 years, we don't see most of these diseases. It's rare event. Most of the young people who we make rounds with have never seen these conditions. You know, all of us have taken an oath to stand firmly uh on what's in the best interests of our patients for evidence-based medicine, scientifically based medicine. And most importantly, we've taken an oath to secure the health and well-being of our children. We've treated children with whooping cough asking for air, toddlers with pneumonia, adolesccents with COVID 19, and families devastated now by measles. Measles, something which we virtually eradicated. Children and families are struggling and suffering from. We know firsthand the fear and anxiety shown in the eyes of children when they're struggling, when they're ill. And we are seeing actual harm today that you've heard from my colleagues and from the senator. There's more illness, more hospitalizations, more family burden, lost days of work, struggling to care for children who have a condition that we could prevent if they were fully immunized. And tragically, we're seeing preventable deaths, an anathema as a health professional, as an anathema as a pediatrician in all of this. You know, sitting in this room and the folks behind me, we're also parents. We're grandparents and we're Americans. We are truly outraged by the untruthful words and harmful actions by Robert F. Kennedy Jr. They are dangerous. And as you've heard over and over and over again, vaccines save lives. They prevent suffering. They're safe. They're not political tools. In fact, in many ways, they've been some of the most uh amazing scientific discoveries since the beginning of our efforts in caring for people. They're proven. They're welldeveloped. Frankly, RFK's actions are creating confusion, eroding trust in medicine, undermining science, and leaving families and children vulnerable and less safe. Parents deserve clear evidencebased guidance, not politically motivated falsehoods. They need to be able to make informed decisions with their clinicians on what's in the best interest and the health and well-being of their children. You know, in closing, I want to ask, Mr. Secretary, why are you blatantly attacking shots to protect children from preventable life-threatening illnesses and not the shots from gun violence, the number one, the leading cause of death in America? Thank you. Thank you very much, Dr. Kessle. And now I'd like to introduce Dr. Roger Mitchell, president of the National Medical Association, the largest and oldest rep uh organization representing black physicians with over 50,000 members around the country. Dr. Mitchell is a national leader leader in the field of forensic pathology and the president of Howard University Hospital. Thanks very much. I want to thank Senator Sanders for bringing us here to together in this critical moment and for your unwavering leadership around the issues of today. Today, the National Medical Association stands shoulder-to-shoulder with any organization and individual who supports evidence-based medicine and science in the furtherance of healthc care delivery, equity, and sustainability in these United States. As the 126th president of the National Medical Association, I'm here today, as you heard, representing the interest and expertise of over 50,000 black physicians across the country. Throughout our history, we have fought for health care access for our patients, and today is no different. Health care is a human right. The current attacks on public health, whether on vaccination or Medicaid or the importance of diversity in our care model, creates confusion around the way we care for communities. These types of contrived debates serve as distraction, promoting hesitancy and distrust for our healthcare delivery system. a system that has been rooted in reliable science and medicine for decades. In a word, these attacks are dangerous. To be clear, the National Medical Association believes that Congress must exercise complete oversight and work to remove the Secretary of Health and Human Services from his position. The scientific and physician communities have lost confidence in this department's leadership to provide what is necessary to inform care and protect our communities. Our focus must be placed on real problems of access and quality of care. Ensuring that more children have access to vaccinations, not less, have access to lowcost, highquality care and access to groundbreaking research and clinical trials. We must focus on trusted health experts such as our community physicians. So, we're asking all physicians, all public health experts to stand up in the face of this wantton approach to healthc care delivery. An approach that will certainly affect those who are most disenfranchised and disinherited. Speak with your patients directly and ensure that your relationships with them and their families are solid so that they look to you for their decision-m that you're available for their questions. Remember, they trust you. As a forensic pathologist, I have seen the impact of failed policy on my autopsy table. I've seen families devastated by preventable illnesses and tragedy. We cannot afford to keep repeating these mistakes today, especially when we know better. So, we must continue to protect our children and vulnerable adults with the proven tools we've had for decades. the policy decisions that are being made today, whether eliminating vaccine mandates in Florida, creating fear by deploying military into our American cities, or cutting programs and jobs that feed families. These policies are reckless and demand that we stand up. And so lastly, we need to stand here today with Senator Stand Sanders to call for sensible solutions. Whether it be reinvestment in valuebased care as methods for decreasing health care costs, focus on increasing health care access for communities at most need, investing in applications of emerging AI technologies for healthcare delivery, or the reinstatement of diversity requirements for medical education and graduate medical education. We need this now. So, the National Medical Association is proud to stand here with all of the physicians, all of the long long coats, and we even see some short coats today. Learning what policy is really about, learning what advocacy is about. So, thank you again, and now it's time to do some work. Thank you very much. All right. Me, do you have any questions? >> Yes, sir. Just get identif you're Hi, >> Dan. >> Uh, Senator Cassidy is, as you know, the chairman of the Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee. uh his staff and our staff have been in constant contact uh as to how we best go forward and there may be some announcements on that fairly shortly. Yes, >> you don't want my medical advice. Okay. You want to do that? >> The pediatrician. >> I'd love to see that study. I I don't understand the the premise of that, but but certainly look healthy children is the goal. Preventing disease uh is indeed the goal. And if we're all vaccinated, it reduces there's something called her immunity as well. So it allows healthy children uh to not uh get these diseases. But I'd love to see that study and we can talk about that uh that further. I mean, look, if it's evidence-based and science-based, we're all open to new ideas, new thoughts, but to report one single observation when we've been through this for in my lifetime for 50 years and seeing the benefits and and frankly caring for children and holding the child's hand, the parents hand who are suffering from these diseases. So, I'd love to see that study and look forward to the press conference this afternoon. >> Anybody else want to come? >> Sure. I >> We know we know how to ensure kids are healthy. This is not rocket science. Nurturing environment, access to food security, making sure they get early and comprehensive care throughout their lifespan, making sure they're adequately protected, which includes making sure they get vaccinated for vaccinereventable diseases, that they don't have access to firearms, the leading cause of death for our kids. that they are are free of other hazards, which by the way we do all the time. We pull products off the market because kids might choke or they might trip. And we do that because we have a record of identifying threats, assessing them, fixing those threats so that we prevent kids from getting them. So, if they're having a hearing this afternoon and they're focused on one thing, I'm all for debate and science and looking at the evidence, but unless they're looking at comprehensive wellness for kids, they're going to be missing the boat. And we ought to point that out. Uh, any other media questions? Um, anybody, any of the physicians here want to jump up and say a few words? We appreciate not only your being here today, more importantly, the work you guys are doing every day. This is, as I think you've heard, we have a broken health care system, and I know how hard uh you guys are trying to help your patients. All right. Look, uh, we got a struggle on our hands. I think as you've heard, uh, the American people trust their doctors. They trust their nurses more than they trust ideologues and conspiracy theorists. But we're taking on some very powerful people who have a very large bully pulpit. Uh but let's go forward and let's protect America's children. Thank you all.