the Senate. Uh, to talk about some of the enormously important crises facing our country today. I'm just delighted to have good friends here, people who have been fighting for the working class in this country for years and are helping to lead this effort in this terrible Trump shutdown. Let me put where we're in in a context very briefly before we get to discussing some of the issues. Why is there a shutdown? The answer is pretty simple. In the House of Representatives, a majority can pass a budget. In the United States Senate, you need 60 votes. And what that traditionally has meant, and why you got 60 votes, it requires bipartisan negotiations, discussion. They don't have the votes, they got 53 votes, Democratic caucus 47. You need to talk. For the first time that anyone can remember, what the Republicans are saying, "We're not talking. It's our way or the highway. Take it or leave it. That's it. No discussion." Well, that doesn't work for us, it doesn't work for the American people. And one of the key issues out there, what they don't want to talk about, is that if we were to just tomorrow go along with the Republican proposal, this is what happens to you. 15 million of you are going to lose your health insurance. The health insurance system in America, as everybody knows, is broken today. 15 more million people will lose their health insurance, tens of thousands will die because they can't get to a doctor, can't afford prescription drugs. That's not all. Under what the Republicans are pushing, over 20 million people will see their health insurance premiums double. Yeah, you heard that right, double. You're already paying by far the highest prices in the world for healthcare. Well, think about a doubling of premiums, what that means. Well, we sent out a study just the other day and asked people to say, "What does that mean?" And the stories that we got back were heartbreaking. Not surprising, but heartbreaking. If you are seriously ill now, and you lose your healthcare, what do you think happens to you? You die. That's what people are saying. If your family is barely hanging on economically now, and you got to pay a doubling in your premiums, what do you think happens to you? You can't afford rent, maybe you're homeless. Can't afford to buy decent food for your kids. That's the reality that we're in right now. That is what this shutdown is about. But, I want to after we talk about healthcare, I want to get into another issue. I don't want to start later on with Jeff Merkley of Oregon. I think everybody knows this country is rapidly, frighteningly moving into an authoritarian society. Just, I know you guys know this, a few hours ago, Trump announced that he wants to arrest the governor of Illinois and the mayor of Chicago. Chicago is really insane. All right, that's my take. Elizabeth, take it from there. What are you What are you hearing? So, look, let's let's stick with healthcare to start with because that's the right place to be. When we talk about what the Republicans want to do, it's not just a little bit. It's not It's about health insurance premiums, you bet. Touching people all over this country. But, it's also about pushing old people out of nursing homes. Right. It's It's about telling newborn babies and their mamas, "You got no healthcare. Good luck to you. Don't you know, you got to figure out a way to manage this." >> It's about saying to people who have disabilities, and they've got to rely on that home health aid, or they've got a they've got a uh uh motorized wheelchair. You know, those are paid for by the federal Medicaid program. And these guys want to come in with a chainsaw. And they just want to say, "No." They They want to cut that help to 10 million people is the best estimate. 10 million people who will still get sick, Right. who still need care, who's who's the grandmas with dementia who still need to be somewhere. They just want to take all of that away and push it back on families. So, I don't know Enormously important point. It's not just individual states, but ripple effect of this thing. Tina Smith, Minnesota, what's going on there? Well, I'm just as we're having this conversation, I'm thinking about this woman who I talked with um this weekend when I was home. Okay, so she is um she's a young woman. Um she was She got her health insurance from her through her family until she turned 26, thanks to the Affordable Care Act. Um and now she's a childcare provider. She makes about $40,000 a year. She cannot afford this in huge insurance premium increase that she is um staring at. It's going to be hundreds of dollars a month, and she can't afford it. Okay, so she's young and she's, you know, healthy for now. And so, she's probably going to make the decision of not getting any health insurance at all. And so, think about what that means. So, first of all, for her, it means she's probably not going to be able to start a family like she wants to right away because she can't afford it. Um but, if she's not buying health insurance, then if she gets really sick, she's going to the emergency room. And that's going to cost all of us, >> Right. right? It's not only is it immoral that she doesn't have access to healthcare, which should be a right and not a privilege, um but it has a ripple effect on the whole community. And I bet everybody here is hearing some version of that story um in in your own states because it's so common, and it's why people are so um why people are so pissed off about this because they can see that it affects everyone. Chris Van Hollen, Maryland. Well, they showed us who they would fight for when they passed the so-called big beautiful bill. We all worked very hard to stop it, but they rammed it through. And I think all of us know that that was beautiful if you're a billionaire or a very rich person. For everybody else, it's awful. I mean, they they cut Medicaid. That will throw 15 million plus people off of health insurance. It will slam nursing home care, lead to closures of rural hospitals. They cut food nutrition programs. But, of course, they they extended permanently tax cuts for the billionaire and the rich. The one tax cut that they let lapse is the one that allows middle-class families Right. to afford their health insurance. You think that's the one tax cut they decided to let die? Just die. And so, they left in place this ticking time bomb, which is going to go off completely and explode at the end of the year, and we're going to see these rising healthcare costs. Um it will impact every American at the end of the day. And it won't be just the end of the year. In Maryland, and I know all of our states, people are getting their notices >> Yeah. Right. right now as to what the increase will be. And in Maryland, we just you know, we've been looking at the impact of this. Um if you look at the Eastern Shore of Maryland, it's pretty rural area, uh and you take a couple uh that makes $90,000 a year, it turns out that for some of these plans that they've got right now, they're going to see a more than doubling Right. of the premium. So, here's a here's a couple, $90,000 a year, pay more than double their current monthly premium. Right now, they pay 1,000 It's over 1,100 more per month. So, a plan that cost $641 right now will go to per month will now go to 1,762 per month. That's almost three times. That's the impact of what they're doing, and we want to keep the government open. We don't want to give Donald Trump a blank check for his lawless activities, and we want to make sure we address these rising prices and costs, including >> That's what we're fighting this one right here. And so, that's what this is about. >> Peter Welch, Vermont. Well, you know, there's another element here that makes me sad. I'm really outraged at taking away people's healthcare, all the things you've talked about. But, there has been an abdication of accepting the responsibility our Senate Republican colleagues have to act like an independent branch of government. You know, these cuts, they're going to hurt folks who voted for Trump. They're going to hurt folks who vote didn't vote for him. This again This is all about suffering that's going to be inflicted on families, regardless of what their political orientation is. And I talked to my Republican colleagues, and I know you do, and and and Tina and Elizabeth, we're on the Finance Committee where we have some authority and ability to change this. They get it. Cuz they all these premiums you're talking about, they're going to afflict the families they represent. So, they get it. And then you ask them, "Well, let's change it." They got to wait for Trump. They got to get permission from Trump. And what I look at them, I say, "Wait a minute. Aren't we like independent United States senators? Don't we have the capacity to decide what we think is right?" Which, of course, we do. But, they need a permission slip from the president. Um and that's the lament I have because we're talking about trying to protect families, not trying to get some political edge. So, anyway, really astonishing. Thanks, Jeff. Jeff Merkley, from Oregon. Well, what really strikes me, Peter, what you're saying, is that um some of them individually, yes, they're coming in saying, "We know this is going to hurt our constituents back home." And in fact, 75% of the folks who have accessed uh these uh enhanced tax credits that have made insurance affordable are in states that Trump won. Right. And so, this is not Democrats advocating because our blue states are the ones most hurt, we're advocating cuz families across America are hurt. I think about the stats for my state and individual stories are powerful and this individual who's 32 years old, earns $35,000 a year and roughly his health care premiums will double. And well, doubling, I mean, we get upset at 3% or 5% inflation. This is 100% inflation and and Chris, this your example is 300% inflation and as Bernie mentioned, well, if I can buy the health care, maybe I can't buy something that's important for quality food for my children or maybe I can't pay my rent. In other words, pressing families to the wall. And in my state, 110,000 people are affected by buying these these these buying health insurance on the on the exchange with these tax credits. And the expected average is $1,300 a person up. The expected percentage average is less than the national average, which is confusing to me as to why, but about 68% projected 68% versus a national doubling of 100 to 114%. And I'm just like, okay, so individuals are coming to us and saying across the aisle and saying, we're hurt and well, can you please actually engage and have your leadership engage in dialogue? Because this is the way that we resolve things. Now, the point Peter you were making uh that they feel like they have to get a permission slip. There are three factors that lead to authoritarian control and this is tied to me. If you have authoritarian control, ordinary families get hurt. You never seen an authoritarian force that provides great health insurance or health system to their their citizens. And one of it's a rubber stamp Congress and what you're describing is the rubber stamp Congress. The second is a Supreme Court that gives more power to the executive and we we have that. And the third is an aggressive authoritarian president and we have that. But how can we interrupt that? How can we interrupt that? We can interrupt it by having our colleagues say, hey, we took a we're tired of the attack on on due process and free speech and free assembly and weaponizing the judicial department against political enemies and sending military into the city. No, we took an oath to the Constitution. If we can get our colleagues to say they've had enough and remember that they're fighting for democracy, we will fix this health care problem because they won't ask for that permission slip anymore. Chris Murphy, Connecticut. So Bernie, you said something that's really important that this is unprecedented, right? We've never been in a situation like this where the Republicans are essentially boycotting negotiations. It's even crazier than that. The House of Representatives isn't even here. Like they're not in session. The government is shut down and the House of Representatives, the Republican speaker has sent the House home for 3 weeks unplanned. Four next week So a month a month recess, this never happens. And so you have to ask yourself, why? Why are they working so hard to avoid sitting at the table and talking about something that's pretty simple. Bernie said it, we're not asking for the entire health care system to be fixed, we're just saying, don't screw it up even worse. Don't raise people's premiums by 100%, 300% while the cost of everything else is going up. They won't even talk about that because these health care cuts to families are essential for their number one priority. Tax cuts for corporations and billionaires. The way that they pay for this big new tax cut for billionaires and corporations is to cut your health care. It's just a transfer of wealth from middle class families to the super rich. Like if you're a if you're a really rich family in Connecticut, you're getting a new tax cut of $270,000 paid for by people's health care going up who are making $50,000 a year. So it's true that we're in what day I mean, we're now day five, six, seven of the shutdown and and we're having no negotiations because Republicans are boycotting Washington because they can't stand the idea of having to give up on their plan to use government to arrest their friends. A bulky message. No, thank you. Um Yeah, just to follow on with Chris just said. So there's 220 Republicans right now. And they're in a witness protection program. Somewhere in the world. We don't know where they are. We want to talk to them about the health care of every American family. But we can't find them. And there's a reason why we can't find them. Because it's all all that you really have to know is in Godfather part one. They've all been given an offer they can't refuse They voted for the bill to slash all these programs, slash Medicaid, slash the Affordable Care Act, NIH, all these programs. And they voted that way because they lose their seat. That's what happened to Senator Tillis in North Carolina. He just stood up, 48 hours later, he couldn't run for re-election. So it all comes from the Trump White House. They want these cuts for as Chris said, the payoff for their billionaire buddies. These are tax cuts for them. All this health money, all the funding for every family. Ralph Waldo Emerson, the great Massachusetts poet, he once said that health is the first wealth. And it's being looted. It's being looted by Trump, being looted by the Republicans in the House and the Senate uh in order to pay for those tax breaks. Because they've always harbored an ancient animosity towards Social Security and Medicare and Medicaid and the Affordable Care Act because they all voted against them, the Republicans. They never wanted these programs in the first place. And so all we're saying is, come to the table. Let's talk. We have a crisis coming up on November 1st. You got 2 weeks to show up here, please, so we can talk to you. Otherwise, we're going to be in a full-blown health care catastrophe crisis for the whole country. And right now as Elizabeth just said, for 4 weeks, they're going on vacation somewhere. Witness protection program. Huh? Yeah, Bahamas. We don't know where they are, but we know where American families are. They're right at their kitchen table. Their electricity prices are going up, their food prices are going up, their health care premiums are going up and the and the Republican Party cannot be found. And so that's why this is so important what you're doing, Bernie, having this as a way in which we can put out an all points bulletin for the American people to find these Republicans and demand that they come back to Washington to talk about the health care for their families. Of course, if they come back, they'll have enough votes in the House to require the Trump administration to discharge the Epstein files. It's very clear they're much more interested in keeping them locked up than opening the federal government. Let's I want to move on, but before we do, let me just summarize pick up on something that uh Ed said. The system right now is in really bad shape. We don't have to explain to anybody in America that the current health care system is broken. I feel very much as the ranking member of the Health, Education, Labor Committee that literally, with all that we've talked about, this could take the system over the brink. It could collapse. It could collapse. So what we're fighting for is for millions and millions of families. And by the way, let's make it clear. We are all progressive types. It's not just progressives who feel this way. There's a poll that came out from the Kaiser Family Foundation. 78% of Americans, including 59% of Republicans, want to extend the Affordable Care Act tax credits. Polling numbers are almost as high for the reserve Medicaid. That's what the American people want and that's why these guys have disappeared. Bernie, but before we leave this subject, can I just go back to something Tina was talking about about insurance? And talking about people making the decision how many people will just say, I can't do this. You're gone. Are you kidding? A family that goes, what did you say, from $600 to $1,700? Very few people at that income level have an extra $1,100 that they can put in. Just for a second, I want to talk about the death spiral. And that is the when a whole bunch of people collectively say, good grief, on these we just opt out. A bunch of people opt out and we worry about people who then have no health insurance, but I want to just for a second think about what happens to the people who are left. I was talking with someone yesterday who has a very serious condition and she said her treatments cost $120,000 regularly. And she said, I don't have any choice. I I will spend every last nickel I've got on health insurance because I literally will not be able to purchase the drugs that keep me alive. So she was asking the question, who drops out? She didn't drop out. But the healthiest people or at least they perceive themselves as the healthiest people. Healthy until you're not. The healthiest people drop out. If they get sick, they still go to the hospital for uncompensated care, right? That's going to load back into the system. But what happens to the remaining insurance pool? And it's a problem with this private insurance, Drives the cost up. And then let's go to the next round of price increases, right? And And this is what people are talking about. Some of the the health care economic specialists are saying we're talking about potentially a death spiral here that brings down the entire payment system for health care in America. And there are some of us who want to re-brand health care and how it's paid for in America, but this is not the way by having an emergency where you burn the whole damn thing down. Yeah. I want to shift a moment to something that concerns everybody in this room and I think the vast majority of Americans, whether you're conservative Republicans, progressives, independents, whatever you are. Uh we got a president who does not believe in the Constitution of the United States, does not believe in the rule of law. Right. He's attacking virtually every institution in American society which maintains a democratic form of society, whether it is the media, suing the media as friends are taking over the media whether it is the court system, whether it's the universities, whether it's law systems, as I mentioned a moment ago. I mean it's He today announced insanely uh he wants to arrest the governor of Illinois and the mayor of the city of Chicago. He is targeting one of our own colleagues Mhm. uh Senator Schiff from California, Letitia James, the Attorney General of New York. >> And Senator Blumenthal. Mhm. I didn't hear that. Senator >> Senator Blumenthal. He's now He's saying Senator Blumenthal should be investigated. So it it it just continues. >> I mean you're really really scary stuff. Yesterday I at the Democratic caucus here in Berkeley talked a little bit about what was going on in in Portland, Oregon. Jeff, if you could just tell us what's going on there. Sure, you bet. Let me turn the clock back to the year 2020, 5 years ago, in which Trump sent federal agents into Portland and people were outraged that they were there and it resulted in in conflict, conflict that created a a cycle of street demonstrations and for well for months. Well, Portland recovered from that and Portland has been a very peaceful place. Uh it's cut its murder rate in half, the the best in of the 65 largest cities in America. They cut a 20% uh cut in its uh violent crime year over year. Well, that's that's progress. The the downtown started to come back to life. But Trump remembers that he helped trigger violence in Portland and he wants to do it again. Mhm. So uh he proceeded to say, "Well, there's a war zone in Portland, so I need to federalize the Oregon National Guard." Well, the law only allows to federalize National Guard if there is an invasion or if there's a rebellion. An invasion is pretty well defined and understood as some country is on your borders and they're coming in. A rebellion is considered to be, by the conversations that were held at the time the law was created, to be a sizable group, well organized, well weaponized, that's trying to overthrow the government. So nothing like this exists in Portland. Have there been some scuffles and demonstrations over the months? Yes, but nothing out of the ordinary that the local police doesn't handle. But then he proceeds to say, Trump says, "Well, we can recreate the conditions of 2020." And so um the first thing that happens uh he is he does have federal protective services that are outside the ICE building and they proceed to assault peaceful protesters. As documented not by the major newspaper, The Oregonian, saying somebody said, but saying our reporters witnessed, our staff witnessed the assaults on peaceful protesters. And then uh Oregon Public Broadcasting uh observed something that was even more extraordinary in which the federal agents decided to stage a fake riot. Wow. And they asked the protesters to back up three blocks and they did. There was no physical interaction between them and the agents. And then the federal agents with their line across, they had videographers behind them, professional videographers. And when they black back back them up three blocks, they gave the command and they threw down tear gas and pepper balls and what was the A flashbang, flashbangs. >> the flashbangs. And it sounds like gunfire going off. And so you see the smoke and you hear what sounds like gunfire and and people are quickly And so they they filmed that trying to say, "Oh, look, there's a riot." Uh this is a new level that our government, in kind of a a wag the dog strategy, is creating a fake riot to try to sell the American people uh and uh the courts on the idea that there's a rebellion that has to be uh quelled. Wow. >> Well, our district judge said, "No way. Uh you can't federalize Oregon." Trump says, "Well, we're going to send in federalized agents from California and Texas." Uh the federal judge, the district judge says, "No, it's there's no condition here. It's the same issue. Can't come." So now we are seeing that the Trump each day is trying to find some way to accelerate this crisis. And Chicago was next on the list and we're anticipating more federal agents will be sent, not not National Guard, but and Trump's saying I may trigger the Insurrection Act. Well, the Insurrection Act basically is an exception uh to posse comitatus, which says you can't use our military against our own people. Long standing protection. Military is to protect our country, not to be used by an authoritarian against our own people. But the exception is for a rebellion. And therefore, once again, Trump is going to try to demonstrate that there are circumstances and here is the big concern. Well, the district judge in Oregon said, "No way. There's We understand what a rebellion is. It's not here." Other judges have are in the habit of giving deference on security issues to the executive. I mean, well, that you got the commander-in-chief. If the commander-in-chief says there's an invasion, maybe there's maybe we should defer to that. And we saw that with the judge in Chicago. We're concerned about this. It will get to the Supreme Court and the Supreme Court will say, "Yes, it's okay as long as the president says there's a rebellion or an invasion." And you hear the president using those words. He talked about invasion from within. Setting the stage again for the This is a red line because yes, we've seen the attack on due process, freedom of speech, freedom of the press, our academic universities, our networks being being attacked for what they put on the air. We've seen the the retaliation coming out of the Department of Justice. But the idea of troops being sent in against American citizens peacefully protesting, this could secure the type of authoritarian state Trump wants to create far into the future and it's why we have to do everything we can to resist it. Jeff, thanks. Chris, I know you were on the floor yesterday talking about these issues. Yeah, you know, one of the things that I worry is that, you know, we only deal with the outrage of the day and every day, especially in the last month, there's been a new outrage, a new assault on free speech, a new assault on the rule of law and citizens' right to protest. But when you put it all together, right, this is where it looks like we are watching our democracy die, right? Because what he's doing is just raising the price for people to speak out against him. >> Right. If you speak out against him on TV, you'll get your show canceled. If you speak out against him in Congress, you're going to go to jail. If you speak out against him on a city street, well, the military is going to show up with tear gas and with helicopters. And and we're naive to think that that doesn't have an impact, that that people don't start to say, "You know what? I'm just going to stay inside. I'm not going to come out and protest. I'm not going to volunteer for an opposition candidate." This is actually how democracies disappear. And so when I think about what we're fighting for right now as we're talking about this next budget, yeah, we're we're fighting about people's health care. We're trying to make sure that folks don't go bankrupt this fall. But we're also asking for something even simpler, that the president just obey the law. Right? That that that we write a budget in which the president actually has to obey >> I'm with you on that. implement the budget and not use the money we give him to suppress people's speech. So this moment feels kind of overwhelming sometimes because you've got these prices going up on people, you've got the suppression of democracy. But when you really think about it, what we're asking for boy, it's not the moon. Um just don't don't make people's health care worse and make sure that the president follows the law. But when you put all this together, Bernie, um it is this is probably the most serious um the most serious threat to American democracy, maybe since the Civil War. And and it and and it's it's not lost, right? He hasn't won yet. This is still in the people's hands to to to rise up and say peacefully but forcefully, we're not going to allow for this corruption of our democracy to happen, but um the budget can say something about the president having to actually respect the law when he spends the money that we authorize. Let me just jump in there. He is a schoolyard bully. Mhm. Mhm. And we were in a meeting yesterday pulse taking. Mhm. We told this up. And what did you say about Democrats? What was the one word that the American people used? Would you say that in public? Is that all right? He said weak. >> Weak. I mean people It's not great. And what Trump does is not great. I mean We were at the State of the Union. I never heard anything like Talk to you personally about Yeah. He said these are the enemies. You're the enemies. Not the opposition party. We respect, we work together. You are the enemies. You're insurrectionists. You're terrible people. And getting back to Chris's point. In my view This is certainly about health care. God knows we talked about that. And it's about what's authoritarianism. This is a school yard bully. Mhm. And if Democrats cave now then all over this country people are saying we're scared to death. Who is Who's going to stand up? But if we can rally the American people and you know you have been active on October 18th, becoming maybe one of the largest demonstrations in the history of this country. If we can show the American people that this phony guy who is selling them out day after day wants to undermine what men and women in every one of our states has fought and died to defend we win this thing, we can start turning the country around. That's right. And this is the patriotism of fighting back. >> Yes. >> That's right. This is the moment to fight back. Yes. Yes, the part we're talking about is health care for millions of people whether they're Democrats or Republicans or don't like any part of politics. But it's really about standing up and saying we've had enough. >> That's right. We are not handing our country >> over to someone who makes all his own decisions and thinks the only two functions of government are to enrich himself personally and use the tools of government to get back against what he thinks are his enemies. >> That's right. And you know what? Bullies he is not as strong as he wants people to think that he is. Bullies are never as tough as they seem. And what gives me hope in this moment is how you know one of the is is how how Americans are are looking at this and going like I am like this is not for me. Even if I voted for him, this is not for me. But all of us need to express that loudly. The only insurrection that I've ever seen since I've been in the United States Senate was when Donald Trump inspired the insurrectionists to attack the United States Capitol to stop the free and fair election. >> pardon all those folks who beat up cops. But but it's just it's so important for us all to remember that he is not as strong as he wants us to believe that he is and that we have so much more strength. If we use our strength, if we use our power and that is what this fight is about. Can I follow up? I think on that. I it then Chris Can I follow up you know Yeah. So, I do think this is about democracy. Right. You know, when when Trump and Hextall addressed those hundreds of generals and admirals they said to them we're going to practice for wars overseas in the cities of the United States. You're going to get training here. You're going to get training in Portland. In Chicago. In Boston. We're going to get training for you. But you know what? I think we all can pretty much predict what the training is for. It's for election day in 2026 when those troops will be ordered into the inner cities of America right by the polling places of minority groups in our country to suppress the vote. To frighten those people from even going into the polling place in Atlanta, Georgia. In the cities of Cleveland where of of Ohio where these close elections going to be held. They're trying to win those elections. I mean just you know we had the hearing in judiciary and of course the civil rights division that we're all so proud of, the crown jewel the justice department was down there fighting for desegregation, enforcing Brown v Board of Education, enforcing civil civil rights and voting rights laws in those days when if you're a black person you had to be able to give the number of jelly beans in a big jar in order to get the ability to vote. Now it's all about suppressing the vote. And that's the prelude to you know militarization in the cities on election day. I mean it's happening. That's what I think a lot of folks know, but everybody's got busy lives and it's hard to believe. I mean that that is something I remember January 6th being in the well it being in the house with in the mob was breaking the door down. The shot went off about 20 feet away and I was scared. But I didn't believe it was happening. This is the United States of America. We have free and fair elections and we accept the outcome of election. If we lose, we fight another day. Yeah, let me I want to say that um we're not on a path to authoritarianism. We are there. I mean we are there right now. All the things that we're hearing about cracking down on the free speech, deploying troops to cities using the justice department to go after political adversaries. I do want to go back to this point on on bullies because we do need to stand up to bullies. We need to do it individually and collectively. And you know when my constituents ask me what they can do I say that they can stand up and they are standing up and that is what No Kings Day will be about. It is also important though that we call out those who cave in to this bully because when you cave in you just feed the bully. When you appease a dictator you just increase their appetite. And especially these organizations that have the resources to fight like law firms or universities, when they cave in they send a terrible message to everybody else. So, I think >> Oh, you mean like the whole Republican party? Well, yes. They they have they have totally Well, no, but they've I mean they've they've contracted out their their constitutional duties to Donald Trump. We know that. Rubber stamps. But but I think everybody in America has a role to play right now. Individuals can stand up. One of the reasons that you saw you know the Trump back down and ABC back down on the Jimmy Kimmel case was because people started canceling their subscriptions to Disney Plus. Sinclair is in the state of Maryland. So, even after they started airing Jimmy Kimmel in some places around the country they were keeping them off the air until people protested and Sinclair then reversed itself. But my point is that the natural inclination of a lot of these sort of financial interests is to go along, to appease the dictator because they think at the end of the day if they appease the dictator that he won't come after them. And the lesson for all of us is it will just put all of our rights at risk. So, yes we have to stand up individually, but let's also make sure that we call out those who are folding because they put all of our rights at risk. Let me let me ask you guys this. We all know Republicans Not every Republican is an authoritarian or a communist. Right, certainly. Not against the law to be conservative. Why with very few exceptions I think somebody mentioned Tom Tillis decided that would beautiful bill would be a horror show for North Carolina, opposed it. Two days later he was out of the race. Can we Do we have any hope that some of these Republicans will say you know what? I was elected by my constituents. I believe in the Constitution. I disagree with Democrats, but they're not my enemies. I'm not going to put them in jail. Are we hearing any of that or are they What's so little so little in and the question you're asking the question I've been asking myself when will some of our colleagues say we took an oath to the Constitution. We understand what the basic freedoms are. We understand you don't militarize our streets with armies because people protest and we understand you don't turn the justice department into a a machine to attack people you disagree with. And and say I've had enough. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm saying I've had enough. I am not hearing that and I I it takes only a small number to start to say that. But I think about what I've heard from them in the past especially during the first Trump administration where Republican colleagues would say Jeff I disagree with Trump on so many things. I disagree with his ethics. I don't know how I got elected, but but listen my constituents watch the television station that says every night he's wonderful. He's doing everything perfectly. The cable televisions on the right. So, that they essentially they say the base my base that elected me more than half of them are sold that that the president is doing the right thing. And they don't hear about the issues we've been raising if you're watching that far right cable or the social media that follows it. And this is a tremendous problem for our republic, for our democracy. Different media worlds and the separation of urban and and rural. And we there's no easy answer to this, but we have to keep trying to say we've got to be in this service to America for all Americans. For all districts blue or red, all all states blue or red and keep reaching out to our colleagues and having this conversation cuz we our country desperately needs a group of them to say they've had enough, they're going to honor their oath to the Constitution. I think it's I think it's mostly up to the American people at this point because right because right now they fear Trump. But you got to put them in a position where they have to make a decision between Donald Trump or their voters. Yeah. >> Right? And if their voters and if their if their voters say to them listen, I've had enough of what's going on in Chicago, right? I I I don't accept authoritarianism. You know they're losing their health care. I'm going to lose my health care? No, I'm not I'm not interested in you coming back again. Well, then you put him in a tough position. Um And and I think that that's starting to happen, but the size of the protests on, you know, October 18th and the ones that will come the week after that, the week after that, that will matter because Republicans are, you know, are are not are not destined to care only about Donald Trump's thoughts on them if their voters start to say That's right. But we see maybe a little bit of Congresswoman from Georgia, Green. Yeah, Marjorie Taylor Greene. Not exactly an ally of ours, right? Not necessarily sitting around this circle necessarily, but But she was She was Yeah, that's right. >> you invite Did you invite her? Maybe next time. She's not down. WELL, HERE'S WHAT SHE SAYS. I have two adult kids. Yep. Their premiums are going up 100%. They can't afford it. People in Georgia can't afford it. This is crap. Well, and and today in Chicago, a masked ICE agent standing on a roof shot a rubber bullet at the head of a um Wow. a person of faith, a minister, a pastor who was praying. Oh god. Really? >> And um this and and Did he do a video? It's it's unbelievable and and I don't care what party you're in, I don't care what your political views are. As an American, you look at that and you go, that is so wrong. And um I believe that people are people I believe that people are going to rise up against that. Um I mean, that's as as Chris says, it's going to come down to the people. I maybe because I'm an organizer at heart and I believe that the power is comes from the people and not from us. Mhm. Um that that is going to be uh what saves us. Not us, but what saves our country. >> is a stimulus response institution. And there's nothing more stimulating than millions of people showing up [Laughter] on October 18th. And by the way, it might even be a good thing to have them all home on Main Street, which is turning into Pain Street, you know, for all of those voters back home because it's not the fear of God that moves Republicans in Congress. It's the fear of voters, right? And the more that we fight on health care, the more that we fight on this issue that is on every single kitchen table all across the country. Um And again, we don't even raise Medicaid here, but they're cutting that by a trillion dollars. That's two-thirds of all people in nursing homes, grandma and grandpa. They're on Medicaid. Half of them have Alzheimer's. Nursing homes, they're They'd go home. They'd have to go home. They'd have to be living with the family because it's Medicaid that pays for it. I had a a mother who's 78 tell me about her 50-year-old disabled son who's living with her. And she's on Medicaid. And she's just desperately worried about what can happen. So, I think that these stories back home might actually start to get into this Republican senator or house member. That's our hope. But that's why we have to fight here. We have to keep raising this issue. We have to keep this message high that the health care of every family is at stake. And one thing this has done is given America a chance to focus on a single issue cuz when Trump came into office from day one when he did what, 50 edicts, uh if you will, every single day new issues and and hugely different and you say, "Well, let's have a conversation about that terrible thing that happened yesterday." Well, there's three new issues. But for the moment, we have through this shutdown focused America on health care and on the the president has to actually follow the law when we pass a spending law. And so it does touch everyone. There's like four foundations for families to thrive, health care, housing, education, a good paying job. It's just essential to everyone. So, this this is a super important conversation to tackle the tactic that Trump has pursued of the They want flooding the zone, new issues every single day so you're always in chaos. So, let's let's keep this attention and let's Right. improve health care. >> I think if we call it the Trump health care tax credit Donald Trump because what we know at the end of the day for this president is it's all about him. It's not about the American people. It's about him and his billionaire donors. So, if it has to be called the Trump, you know, health care tax credit, the end of the past maybe someone will break through to him. I think Tina made a point a moment ago. is that what they want is the perception that they're all powerful. They cannot be beaten. Truth is, does Trump have political support? Sure, he does. Is he particularly popular? No. Is his popularity Is his popularity declining? It is. Are more and more conservative Republicans the voters who say, "Gee, I didn't vote for you to double my health care premiums?" Yeah. Are we seeing some breakaways? Yeah. And they're not liking what he's doing. That's right. All right. >> That's right. All right. So, the point is and what we are trying to do is the American people are overwhelmingly on our side, including Republicans. Mhm. And it's just terribly important not only that we that the American people stand together on health care, on this issue of authoritarianism. A conservative Republican thinks that we should have people shooting rubber bullets into a minister really in America? Mhm. No one thinks that. All right. So, we're going to win this thing. We're going to win this thing if we stay strong. That's us. That's the American people. On that note, Let's see you again. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you very much.