Thank you, New York. Whoa.
And let me thank the people of New York for sending Alexandria to the US
Congress. She is not only one of the great members
of Congress, she is inspiring working people and young people all across the
country. Thank you to you all.
Now, everybody knows that a New York City mayor's race
attracts a lot of attention. That's not new.
It's the largest city in the country. You got 8 million people. Everybody is
interested in what happens here. But this mayor's race,
my friends, is different.
It is not just the folks here in New York City who are paying attention.
It's not just people all across our country who are watching this race. It
is not just the president of the United States who seems
who seems to be very very concerned about who wins this election.
The truth is that people all over the world
are paying attention to what will happen here a week from Tuesday. Now, why is
that? Why has this campaign
created such an unbelievable amount of interest? literally all over the world.
And the answer is obvious. These are not normal times.
This is not a normal election. [Applause]
This election takes place at a moment in American history when we have a rigged
economy with more income and wealth inequality than we have ever had in the
history of our country.
This election takes place at a time when the wealthiest people in America have
never ever had it so good. While 60%
of people in our country are living paycheck to paycheck, struggling to pay
their rent or mortgage, struggling to afford child care or higher education
for their kids, struggling to afford health care, struggling to afford decent
quality food, struggling how to figure out how they will retire with some shred
of dignity after working their entire lives.
This election takes place when the United States of America, the wealthiest
country in the history of the world, has one of the highest rates of childhood
poverty and senior poverty of almost any nation.
And when in this rich country 800,000 Americans, including many veterans,
are homeless. [Applause] This election takes place at a time when
we have a president who has given a trillion dollar in tax breaks to the top
1%.
has given has given 900 billion in tax breaks to the largest corporations in
our country. And to pay for those tax breaks, he is
throwing 15 million Americans off the health care they have by slashing
Medicaid. And in addition, he is forcing over 20
million Americans to see a doubling in their healthcare premiums.
[Applause] This election is taking place when we have an administration in Washington
which every day is moving us toward an authoritarian
society undermining our constitution and the rule of law.
[Applause] This election is taking place when we
have a corrupt campaign finance system which allows billionaires in both
political parties [Applause]
to select the candidates they want and to buy elections.
[Applause] Ordinary Americans get one vote. You get
one vote. Meanwhile, billionaires get the opportunity to spend as much as they
want to elect the candidates they want. [Applause]
That is the context in which this election is taking place.
That is why this election is so enormously important and that is why Zon
Mandani must become the next mayor of New York.
New York must have a mayor who represents the working families of this
city, not the billionaire class.
The reason why this campaign has generated so much interest around
the world and so much excitement is that people want to know the answer to one
very simple question and that is in the year 2025
when the people on top have never ever had so much economic and political
power. Is it possible? Is it possible for ordinary people, for workingclass
people to come together and defeat those oligarchs?
You're damn right we can.
And let me tell you something else. At a moment when Americans are extremely
distressed about where we are as a nation economically and politically, a
victory here in New York will give hope and inspiration to people throughout our
country and throughout the world.
That is what this election is about. And that is why Donald Trump is paying
attention to this election. Ordinary people, workingclass people,
black and white and Latino, Asian, gay and straight, coming together to take on
the oligarchy. That is Trump's worst nightmare.
And what Trump and his oligarchic friends know that if New Yorkers come together and
elect Zuran, we can do that. From California to Maine, we can defeat the oligarchy.
And what the oligarchs fear, what they fear is the people will start
understanding that this country belongs to us, not them.
And all over the country when people are inspired,
when people are standing up to power, they will ask some very simple questions. Why are we in the United
States, the only major country not to guarantee health care to all as a human
right?
Why aren't we paying our teachers the salaries they deserve?
So that we can have the best public educational system in the world.
Why aren't we doing what used to exist in New York and all over this country 70
years ago? Make public colleges and universities tuition free.
Why in the richest country on earth aren't we ending homelessness and
building 5 million units of lowincome and affordable housing?
[Applause] Why don't we make it easier for workers
to join unions?
And why don't we raise the national minimum wage to a living wage?
And when so many of our seniors are struggling to cover their basic needs,
some 22% of seniors in America are trying to survive on $15,000
a year less. Why aren't we raising social security
benefits and providing pensions to the workers in this country who desperately need them?
And why don't we have a foreign policy which does not spend billions of dollars
on a Netanyahu government starving children in Gaza.
In other words, in other words, my friends,
in other words, my friends, a victory for Zan will help Americans understand
that in the richest country in the history of the world, there is nothing
we cannot accomplish.
Now, the oligarchs, the oligarchs and the political establishment
in New York tell us that Zon's agenda for New York is radical.
really at a time when working families in this
city are finding it hard to live here because of the outrageously high cost of
housing. I don't think it's radical to say that the city should freeze the rent
and triple its stock of affordable housing.
That ain't radical. At a time when working families can't
afford the high cost of child care and psychologists tell us the most important
years of human development, intellectual and emotional, are zero through four.
Why shouldn't we have a situation where every child in America gets the best
quality child care we can provide?
That ain't radical. Taking care of our kids is not radical.
At a time when getting to work is too expensive. And we want to encourage more utilization of public transportation. It
is not a radical idea to say that buses in this city should be free and fast.
At a time when every parent wants their kids eating good quality food, not junk
food. And there are neighborhoods in this city where it is simply not
affordable or possible to get that food. It is not a radical idea to say that
there should be municipally funded grocery stores.
And by the way, when billionaires and large corporations and the very
wealthy are doing extraordinarily well, when the very richest people in this
country often pay an effective tax rate lower than truck drivers or nurses,
it is not a radical idea. here to say that the rich should start paying their
fair share of taxes.
Brothers and sisters. Brothers and sisters, these ideas are
not radical. They are common sense and they are what the people of New York
City want and need.
Now, let me be very clear. as someone who served as mayor of Burlington,
Vermont for eight years, a city just a little bit smaller than
New York. I can tell you absolutely that being
mayor is not an easy job. In local government, the people hold you
accountable for everything. for picking up the trash, for crime problems, for
the quality of education their kids receive, for traffic jams, blame the
mayor. And that's what mayors have to deal with.
And it is not easy. Son Mandani as mayor
is not going to have all the answers. The problems facing this country and
every other major city in America are in fact enormous. So let me say this to you
from the bottom of my heart. When he is elected,
your job is not over. Zan is going to need your help every
single day. In this unprecedented moment in our
nation's history, all of us together must act in an unprecedented
way. And that means governing New York City
and other cities in an unprecedented way. Please do everything you can to
work with Zora in order to make him and his administration the best
administration in the history of New York.
Let me conclude by saying this, and I say this again as somebody who became
mayor of Burlington, Vermont in 1981 by winning that election by 10 votes after
a recount. Now, I have looked at the polls here in
New York. You have seen it. And the polls suggest that Zon is in the lead.
And that is great. But please, please, please do not underestimate our
opponents. They have a huge amount of money and
they are spending it right now. So I urge you, forget about the polls.
go into the last eight days of this election assuming that you are five
points behind. [Applause]
So what you guys are going to have to do along with the other 80,000 volunteers
in the Mandami campaign, you've got to do everything that you can
to bring people to the polls in early voting which is taking place right now
and on election day. None of us want to wake up the day after
the election and find that we lost that election because our opponents outworked
us. That must not happen.
[Applause]
Brothers and sisters, a year ago, very few people in New York
knew about a 33-year-old assemblyman named Siron Mandani.
[Applause] And when he first entered this race for
mayor, he was polling at all of 1%.
Nobody knew who this guy was. But Siron did what people who are
serious about real change always do. He
created a campaign from the bottom on up by building an extraordinary and
unprecedented grassroots movement which now has tens
of thousands of volunteers.
Unlike his opponents, he didn't go running to the billionaires for campaign
contributions. He went to the people
with an agenda that made sense to them. And despite being outspent 4 to one,
Zeron won the primary.
And brothers and sisters, with your help over the next 8 days, this young man is
going to make American history.
It is my honor to introduce the next mayor of the city of New York, Sir
Mandady.
[Music]
I speak every day. I'm trying to get it popping each and every
one
of your
Thank you.
Thank you so much.