issues facing not only the United States, not only American workers um but the entire planet. Uh very few people disagree that AI and robotics are the most consequential and transformational transformational uh technologies in the history of humanity. So this is not the industrial revolution. This is something that is going to go a lot faster with a lot more impact and it's going to touch the lives of every man, woman, and child in our country in many, many areas. It's going to impact us on mental health. It's going to impact us in terms of privacy. It's going to impact us in terms of foreign policy and war. And there are scientists out there who worry very much that if AI becomes smarter than humans, becomes independent of human control, the cons consequences could be catastrophic. But today, we're going to focus on economics, which is an issue we don't talk enough about. uh and what the experts are telling us is that AI and robotics is going to have a huge impact on every worker in America. Uh yeah uh a month ago or so I was in San Francisco. I was in a Whimo. You all know what a Whimo is? It's a driverless vehicle. Works pretty good. Driverless vehicles all over San Francisco. Whimo is expanding all over the country as are other driverless uh companies, driverless automobile companies. Right now, as we speak in Texas, there are 18 wheelers going down the road in Texas. And what experts tell us, if there is not a counter reaction, it is very likely that millions and millions of truck drivers, bus drivers, taxi cab drivers will lose their jobs within the next decade. But it is not just in transportation. A few weeks ago, some of you may have noticed that Jeff Bezos, uh, the fourth richest man on earth, announced that he is seeking a fund of a hundred billion dollars, hundred billion dollars to purchase and automate factories in the United States of America and around the world. not content with replacing 600,000 workers at Amazon, which he owns, with robots. He wants to do that with factories all over our country. What does that mean? What it means is that in 10 years, the idea of a manufacturing job will no longer exist. The idea of a warehouse worker will no longer exist. But it's not just bluecollar workers, not just truck drivers and cab drivers, not just factory workers. We're looking at the impact that AI will have on white collar workers as well. Elon Musk, the richest man in the world, is now converting Tesla into a robot company with a goal of building a million robots a year. Mustafa Sulleman, the CEO of Microsoft AI, recently said that most white collar work will be fully automated by an AI within the next 12 to 18 months. Who are these white collar workers? These are the people who were told to go to college and get an education so that they could get good jobs. They are lawyers, accountants, administrators, coders, engineers, teachers, and even health care professionals. So, we're looking at sweeping changes among blue collar workers, sweeping changes among white collar workers. And the reality is that AI that the AI oligarchs and let's be clear who is pushing you all know who's pushing this technologies the richest people on earth. Mr. Musk, Mr. Zuckerberg, Mr. Bezos, Mr. Ellison, and others. And what they want to do is replace human workers. Why? If I have a robot and it cost me $30,000, $20,000 for robot, and that robot works 24 hours a day, doesn't get a salary, doesn't get a vacation, doesn't get sick. Man, what a good investment. I've cut my quote unquote labor cost probably by 90%. What do I need human beings? So, the issue that we're dealing with today is some of us are old-fashioned and we believe in human beings and the American people do as well. Uh, according to a recent poll, 79% of voters are concerned that the government does not have a plan to protect workers from AI job losses. 56% are concerned about losing their jobs or having somebody in their family lose their jobs in the next year, the next year. Further, the overwhelming majority of Americans do not trust the motives of AI oligarchs and in my view for very good reasons. Uh, among other things, and I know my labor friends all know this, we have heard this story before. We've heard the ruling class come forward and say, "Hey, unfeted free trade." Sean, we heard that one. What a great thing it's going to be for the American workers. Think about that Chinese market. All the jobs could be created in America. You're going to sell to China. Didn't quite work out that way. They lied. And in fact, thousands and thousands of factories were shut down in America. These companies moved abroad for cheap labor back in the day paying people in China 2530 cents an hour. Okay? And now the AI guys, oh don't worry about this revolution. Going to be good for you. Hey, we're we got your back. The American people don't believe that and for very good reason. So the issue we're here to discuss with some of the outstanding labor leaders in America is what is happening and where do we go from here? Uh what I have done is called for a moratorum on data centers which are the infrastructure uh that uh AI uh functions on. And the reason I have done that is to slow the process down. How the hell do you go forward and throw millions of people out on the street without planning what's going to happen? Where do we want to go as a nation? Does AI and robotics have some positive things? Yeah. How do we use it to improve human life and not just M make Mr. Musk and his billionaire friends even richer? So that's the theme of today and I'm really uh delighted that we have uh some outstanding labor leaders here right now. Uh let me begin by introducing the uh president of the AFL CIO uh Liz Schiller who represents the AFL CIO represents nearly 15 million workers. Liz, thanks very much for being with us. Thank you so much, Senator. And I just want to thank you for always, always putting workers first. This issue is no exception and for bringing the moral clarity actually to the debate. And um I want to thank all our labor leaders who are here today and most importantly the workers who are standing right here. Um we're all in solidarity and they are the ones who are on the front lines of this fight, right? And I'm here because I share the senator's urgency and alarm and we are here to sound the alarms um on AI and advanced technology uh because this is a workers issue and the race this race that everybody seems to think we're in to advance AI at all costs with no guard rails or protections for people is reckless and dangerous. So, let me tell you what I hear from workers when I travel this country. I hear, "I'm scared. I'm anxious. I don't know what comes next for my job because workers are already seeing this kind of uh technology creeping into their workplaces unfettered. Nurses, educators, writers, retail, office workers, grocery workers, bus drivers, the list goes on and on. It's every single worker out there because there's no industry that this does not touch. And we are at that fork in the road moment, folks. Right now, there are two very clear paths in front of us. We have half a dozen guys in big tech, as the senator referred to, who are now billionaires. one who is soon to be a trillionaire who think that this wealth this power that they've accumulated gives them the right to play God that they should decide for all of us what the future of work looks like who keeps their job who loses it who succeeds in this new economy and who gets left behind a future that's designed by them instead of people who actually work for a living and the other path path is the one that working people lead because we know we can do better, right? Does everyone here agree? We can do better putting workers at the front. We have done better. Every single time in this country's history, um the senator referred to it, every industrial revolution, every big technological shift that we've been through, workers were the ones who made it safe. Workers were the ones who made it successful and made it work for all of us. And so labor is here to do that again. Our workers fa first AI agenda which we have copies of is a roadmap for a better way forward and we're going to use every lever of power we have to make it a reality. Common sense guard rails. How does that sound? Right. at the national level, at the state level, pushing companies to develop tech that centers workers so that technology makes our jobs better and safer, not degrading and dehumanizing us. How does that sound? >> I thought so. All right. And organize, organize, organize to give every worker in this country a voice at the table in those decisions that affect our lives and our livelihoods. And unions are the way to get there, folks. Our unions have fought and won AI protections in their contracts. They've secured jobs, made sure AI works for working people, not the other way around. And so, I'm just going to shout out our Unite Here family because they're not in the room today, but casino workers in Las Vegas who have stood up time and time again to property owners that wanted to automate their jobs. Just like the senator was saying, you've seen those bartenders, quote unquote, that are robots. They know nothing like the workers do on the floors of those casinos. And a few years ago, they demanded to have a say in how technology was being used. They wanted training and pathways to better jobs. They wanted safeguards against reckless automation. And guess what? They packed a basketball arena with 20,000 workers twice to say, "We are prepared to strike if you think you can get away with this." Well, literally within days, they won a contract in writing that says, "We get to decide. We have a say." And it's some of the strongest AI protections we have ever seen in a contract. and the biggest raises that that union had seen in 88 years. That's what a fight back looks like. And that is the power of a union. That's what our federation's fighting for. And it's 15 million workers across 65 unions. And so the question for every politician, and I think that's your purpose here, Senator, too, is to wake up Congress, right? That it's really simple. Will you stand with workers in this AI future? Or will you let big tech and the billionaires upend our jobs, our livelihoods, our rights, and our dignity? And there is nothing standing in their way right now. So which side are you on? That's what we say in the labor movement. Which side are you on? And what we do right now is going to shape the next 20, 50, 100 years for working people. Whether we have a future that belongs to us, all of us, or whether it belongs to the billionaires. Thank you so much, Senator. Appreciate your leadership. >> Thank you, Liz. Uh Sean Feain is the president of the United Automobile Workers, representing 375,000 workers. Sean, >> all right. Good afternoon. Thank you, Senator Sanders, for doing this. Listen, look, on behalf of a million active retired members of the UAW, I want to be clear about this. AI will either work for the working class or it will not work at all. That's that is the ultimatum. You know, the AI transitions about two simple questions. How much value does our labor create? And the second question is who benefits? You know, I'm speaking to you today as president not only of a very diverse union that represents workers from a lot of different walks of life. I'm speaking to you as a factory worker. You know, with advances in new technology, workers create billions more in value than they did a century ago. One worker today can produce as much as a dozen workers did a century ago. And yet, the working class isn't a dozen times better off. We don't have a dozen more hours for our families. Our slice of pie isn't a dozen times bigger. Since the 1970s alone, productivity and the value produced by our labor has gone off the charts, while the wages of workers earned from that value has stayed flat. You know, the fruits of our labor have multiplied like never before. But we do not reap the harvest. That's theft. It's the theft of the fruits of our labor by a small class of billionaires who seek to dominate our society. >> Yes. >> And if AI continues to be used as a accessory to that crime, it has to be stopped. And it doesn't have to be this way. You know, in a just society, when workers create more value, they see more of the benefit. You know, hell, if you told a factory worker they could get their time back once they produced a certain number of cars or product, that'd be life-changing. It'd mean that life doesn't have to revolve around work and having some work life balance. That's why we've been fighting like hell and pushing for a 32-hour work week with no loss in pay. It It means getting our fair share. And that's why we fight for profit sharing everywhere everywhere we go. You know, it means having the right to negotiate over how our jobs are impacted. That's why every worker needs a union contract. We need three things out of any AI any any AI transition. First thing, workers must have the right to negotiate how AI will impact their jobs through the right of being in a union, joining a union. Second thing, we've got to have a democratic system to plan how AI is going to impact our society. Human beings have to come first in this equation, not an afterthought because a handful of billionaires want all the profits. And the third thing is the working class has to get our fair share of the extra work, extra value that we generate. This isn't about a factory or a campus or a workplace. It's about who we are and where we are headed and what we truly value as a country. We've lived through the experience of millions of people, millions of jobs being destroyed on on false promises of shared prosperity. It was called NAFTA. The American working class was sold a bill of goods back then. We were told NAFTA would create millions of jobs and would lift the standard of people everywhere. We were also told we'd get retrained if that wasn't the case or if there'd be assistance for any impacts of efficiency improvements. Instead of all that, we got millions of jobs and thousands of communities destroyed. We got the rust belt. And with that, we got an angry working class that is ready to burn it all down. And the same greedy corporate power brokers today want us to believe that killing millions of jobs in the name of AI will be a good thing. And the working class knows better. If AI is just created to finish the job and completely wipe out the rest of the jobs that weren't a casualty of NAFTA and bad trade deals, then it's a non-starter. In our UAW constitution, it states, "The structure of work established by management is designed to make of the worker an adjunct to the tool rather than its master. This coupled with the authoritarian climate of the workplace robs the worker of their dignity as an adult human being. This belies the democratic heritage we cherish as citizens in a society rooted in democratic democratic values. We will not have our dignity robbed. We will not be made an adjunct to the tool of AI. And we will be heard. Thank you. Thank you, Sean. Thank you, Sean. Becky Pringle is president of the National Education Association representing more than 2.8 million workers. Becky, >> good afternoon everyone. It is an honor to stand before you um representing the almost three million members of the NA National Education Association who senator are both bluecollar workers and white collar workers from our faculty to our teachers to our to our bus drivers. And so this this this issue is not only near and dear to us, but we know the impact that it will have on our students. As you've already heard, we've gathered here to sound a clearing call, not just an alarm, but a call to action about the risk that AI poses to the livelihood of working families. As a professional who taught science for 31 years, I have seen the eyes of students light up when they make that connection with me that helps them understand the concepts behind the laws of physics and how it impacts everything in their world. So, here's what I know. AI will not and AI cannot replace the dedication of those who have answered the call to become educators. Nor will it replace our professional expertise. We know AI has the power to help the help our students in many ways to expand their learning. It can assist teachers in adapting lessons. We know that our students with disabilities and personalized tools to help them learn can can grow. But here's the thing. Educators all over this country have made it clear. An AI robot cannot do their job. >> That's right. Right. >> And the adoption of AI policies and practices must be ethical, evidence-based, centered on the needs of human students and educators. Tools must be based on developing development that is centered by the knowledge and expertise of students and of teachers. And we know that like any other technology, we must focus on the equitable access that's provided to every student regardless of their zip code or their socioeconomic background or the language they speak. And it is critical that educators are at the center of making decisions about the use of AI and that they have the time, tools, and resources for training about how to use those technologies responsibly. Our students come to school every day with so much. AI cannot replace the mental health supports that more of our students need more of. Educators inspire and help students in thousands of ways. They understand learners within context not only of the classroom but of the school and of their community. Some things that computers cannot do. But we also know the impact of AI on our schools and students beyond our classrooms. We know the impact of it on working families because if our students come to school where they have parents where one job is not enough to take care of their families, who stands in those gaps? It's educators that try to stand in those growing gaps between the economic drain on local communities that are that is being produced by the AI centers. Senator Sanders, we know that AI can have an even greater impact on families and the neighborhoods that our students live in. Everything I said boils down to this. Despite the false claims of the first lady, AI robots cannot replace human teachers. Human collaboration and engagement are are are the soil which in learning happens. Where knowledge grows every day. Educators use their unique ability and their critical thinking, creativity, emotion to help our students learn. These qualities cannot sufficiently be recreated by AI tools. We cannot entrust our students future to inaccuracies and insufficiencies and inequities of a tool. It's a tool. It's not a replacement. The tool is not the crafts person. The care, commitment, and compassion of educators is irreplaceable. Just like the education profession itself, our highest priority and responsibility is to ensure that the systems we adopt reflect the truth and that steeped in that truth, we deepen our commitment, not walk away from it. We deepen our commitment to academic and social and emotional learning and development of our students. They need educators who see all of them, who value them as the humans THEY ARE. >> THAT'S why we're here. >> We see their humanity and we will fight every day for it. Thank you, Becky. Uh, now I'm pleased to introduce Randy Weingarten, who's president of the American Federation of Teachers, whose membership is 1.8 million, includes educators, nurses, and healthcare workers. Randy. >> So, you know what happens when you go after so many amazing speakers? You just take your notes and you make them. So, let me just say this. Um, I concur with everything that everyone has said and I want to I want to talk about it this way because I am a high school social studies teacher. I am on my tippy toes so you can see me. So, I brought a couple of props with me because one of the reasons that we all know so much is because the labor movement has been trying to get administrations to actually do the work because this is the most as as Senator Sanders says, this is the most fundamental change that has happened in society certainly in my lifetime and maybe in all of history. And when you have this kind of fundamental change, you would think that the greatest country of the world would stop and say, "What do we do about this?" Not just let five or 10 gazillionaires, I think that is what happens when you're a trillionaire. You're a gazillionaire. that that instead of letting them have cart blanch to do whatever they want, we would say what should we do in society as a democratic society that is governed by the people and for the people that used to be in the constitution. I think it's still there. And in fact in all of these places in this building over the course of the last few years there has been conversation but no action. In fact this study that we did with many other parent and student groups likes versus learned about the dangers of social media. I gave this document to Mark Zuckerberg myself in September 2023 to say do something about this. And in fact, they did nothing about this. And it's only the courts, not the Congress, not this president, not those tech companies who are doing something about it. Liz talked about contract after contract after contract. Where is the Congress? That's why I'm so glad to be here with Senator Sanders. Where is the Congress? Where is the president? Why should we be doing this contract by contract by contract when this is a national seesmic issue of every proportion. Law law by law. Anyone who knows me knows I will give any document I can to anybody. And those guard rails that people have talked about, we've given them out to everyone imaginable. And some states are doing some laws and this administration is trying to stop them from DOING IT. SO NOT only are they giving cart blanch to the edte and the tech industry, they're stopping states from doing it. So, as Becky said, yes, amplified by, symbolized by Melania Trump, not walking down the red carpet with a teacher or a parent, but with a robot, suggesting that robots could replace teachers, that that basic humanity would be dispersed that way, would be changed. change that way. That is what this administration is doing. And so ultimately what we're trying to do here is it is a call to action. It is a claring call. It is a siren call. It is whatever 510 alarm fire you want to say. We need the Congress. We need this administration to actually put people first to MAKE SURE THAT THE HUMAN BEING, the human being IS IN CHARGE OF SOCIETY, not a robot and not a chat box. And that's why I am here today proudly to support this senator and this work to make sure that there is sanity, common sense, and dignity in the transition to AI. Thank you. >> Thank you, Randy. Uh, our next speaker is Sarah Nelson, president of the Association of Flight Attendants, 50,000 members, and organizing another 28,000 from Delta. Sarah, >> thank you, Senator Sanders. Uh, it is great to be here with everyone. It's great to be with all the workers represented here. I just want to note that we uh with the exception of an auto worker, we have nurses, teachers, and flight attendants here to tell you how the job is done. Uh, so let's be clear. I'm wearing this pin uh because people lost their lives when uh there was an aircraft collision outside DCA. And aviation is the safest mode of transportation in the world because aviation is also one of the most unionized sectors in the entire world. We have regulations. I was at a uh an AI summit that was moderated by our great senator here just on Tuesday and Roana said some things that stayed in my head uh on Tuesday. He talked about the fact that these guys say that this is going to be bigger than nuclear. It's going to be bigger than electricity. It's going to be bigger than aviation. Except for the fact that they want no regulation. And last time I checked, there is an FAA that I can fight with to make sure that they have the best safety regulations to keep all of us safe. There is regulation on nuclear. There is regulation on electricity. And that is what we need here too. This cannot move forward without that. But let's be very clear why it might not move forward with regulation. It might not move forward with regulation. the same reason that we are st standing here with one senator from the Congress instead of a hundred. >> It's because there is already $400 million dumped into this election cycle to try to keep candidates from shutting their mouths on AI, to try to keep them from speaking up. It is because you have these tech bros who think that they answer to no one and they have some crazy plans for us and we need to really take this in because the other thing that we do as flight attendants is we negotiate and we know what the person on the other end of the table what their plan is and we figure out how to run circles around them. So >> with a smile. That's right. So let let's be clear about what some of these some of these guys have said. Okay. Um they s Sam Sam Alman has said chat GPT today by the way most of the time can give you better it's like it's like a better diagnostician than most doctors in the world. Okay first of all false. >> Okay. Elon Musk says work will be optional. It'll be like playing sports or a video game or something like that. Does everybody remember when Delta Airlines said if you don't pay union dues you can buy a PlayStation instead? Okay. This is what these people think of us. They want us not to think. It's why they attack teachers unions. They don't want us to learn. They don't want us to be empowered. They want us to be desperate. They want to create a crisis. I know very well, I'm a 30-year flight attendant. I learned after 911 when we were grieving, they were planning on taking away our pensions, taking away our time, taking away our money. That's what they're planning all the time if it's not for all of us. And so this is what we're up against with AI. And with AI, they think also that they're going to be able to replace our work so that they don't have to answer to anyone ever. Okay, that's really what we're up against here. And you know, it is pretty ironic, too, because when I when I think back to uh what the coal bosses told the communities that they abandoned, just learn code, and now these guys are saying, just learn to weld. Right. Or, you know, th this this one was really good. You know, if you just um are a little bit racist or a little bit sexist, then you might get by because that's not repetitive. And so, you might be able to keep your job if if you do those things. These people have no humanity whatsoever at all. We have the humanity. This is the moment to do it. Senator Sanders is completely right about putting a moratorum on the building of the data centers. And that is not about stopping progress of building big buildings. That is about saying that we're not going to take one step forward until the regulation is in place. And unless that regulation is in place, then AI is not working for any of us. And we're going to stop working until AI works for us. Thank you. >> Thank you, Sarah. Uh Jamie Brown is the co-president of the National Nurses United and president of the Michigan Nurses Association representing 228,000 members. Jamie, thanks for being with us. >> Hello. I am a registered nurse that works critical care in for the last 10 years in critical care, but 22 years as a nurse. I'm also the proud president of National Nurses United, the largest nurses union. I come here all the way from Michigan, a state built by workers, auto workers, public workers, and healthcare workers like me. Michigan is a state with strong union values. We take care of each other, and we know our communities are better off when workers are in the driver's seat. Without workers in the driver's seat, executives take the wheel. And that too often means that new innovations and new technology don't serve people, they serve profit. Nurses see every day how hospital executives are moving at breakneck speed to implement untested, unregulated AI in our profession. They're using it to push unsafe staffing levels, replace nurses clinical jud judgment, remote patient monitoring for worker surveillance. And it's not not just nurses being impacted. Patients are in the danger of receiving unsafe care because of an AI system, not a health care worker, made a decision about their needs. Let me be direct about who is behind this. US hospitals are partnering with companies like Palunteer, a secretive AI surveillance company. Palanteer's software is being used to short staff our units, deny patients coverage for necessary medical care. These are some of the most critical issues already in our hospitals and executives think they can just throw AI at the problem instead of listening to us the workers. At least 15 hospital systems use Palunteer and according to one Palunteer executives boasting the company now manages up to 21% of all US hospitals beds. This is the same corporation with billions in contracts with ICE using Medicaid data to target immigrant patients when they come to the hospital for life-saving care. This is the same corporation that worked with Israel's Ministry of Defense on technology used to bomb civilians in Gaza. Companies like Palanteer that are trying to replace nurses with AI are the same corporations profiting off of war, violence, and imit intimidation and secret policing. And this is the playbook of all major AI companies right now. deploy as fast as possible and profit as fast as much as possible with no regards for workers, communities, or any potential negative impacts. Just this past January, I attended the consumer technology trade show in Las Vegas where healthcare technology executives said verbatim that they intend to use AI to replace workers. They were not shy about it. This is why National Nurses United is proud to take a principled stand when we say we need more nurses, not AI. >> NNU has been leading this fight in our facilities for years through collective bargaining where we have won strong protections to stop employers from replacing nurses clinical judgment with AI. We have demanded that our employers do not partner with big tech companies like Palunteer. And most recently, we are so proud to announce our endorsement of Senator Bernie Sanders artificial intelligent data center matorium act. The unchecked explosion of AI data centers is a public health crisis, an environmental crisis, and a workers rights crisis. These facilities consume staggering amounts of energy and water and are being built without any meaningful accountability to the people who live near them or work inside them. These data centers power AI which is why tech companies are pouring billions into developing more and more data centers despite communities saying that they do not want any more built in their neighborhoods. This moratorum demands that we slow down AI deployment until it can be proven safe. Tech companies are accountable for the harm it may cause and the working people are the deciders of whether we even want AI in various part parts of our lives. No patient should be a guinea pig for billionaire tech companies. No nurses should be replaced by AI and no community should bear the cost of a data center boom that only benefits billionaires. It is not enough to have a seat at the table. Workers must be in the driver's seat. >> Just this last week, we had hundreds of nurses across the count country in DC meeting with their elected officials to warn them of the crisis of unchecked AI in our hospitals and urge them to co-sponsor Senator Sanders bills. Our nurses are proud to stand as alongside with the senator and his leadership in this fight. And with that, I would like to reintroduce Senator Bernie Sanders back to the podium for closing. >> Thank you, Jamie. Look, we have heard just not only from extraordinary labor leaders, but very preient uh and important remarks. And what we're all saying comes down to the same thing. We are looking at the most consequential and significant technological revolution in the history of humanity can impact all of us in America and all over the world. It doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure out that maybe human beings and workers should benefit from this transition rather than a handful of multi-billionaires. And that's what all of this is about. And I think Sarah made a point that needs to be repeated and Liz made it as well. Why are we not discussing this issue? Randy made that point. Why is the United States Congress saying, "Whoa, look at what's happening. We need a serious debate among the American people. Where do we go? How do we benefit from this?" scarcely a significant debate. There's some some debate on some issu some aspects of it but not on the fundamental issues of it. And the issue comes down as Sarah indicated there are right now as a piece in the paper I got today the AI industry is spending hundreds of millions of dollars on this campaign coming up in November. And what they're saying to candidates is you want to regulate us. If you want to represent workers, well, we're going to spend millions of dollars getting your opponent elected, which speaks to a corrupt campaign finance system, which is a whole other issue. But here's the good news. Good news is that all over this country, despite the enaction of Congress, despite the power of the tech lords, people are standing up and fighting back. Really quite amazing. community after community saying no we don't want these data centers in Maine legislature just voted for a moratorum Florida people are beginning to move forward so I just want to thank our brothers and sisters uh in the labor movement and all of you this is a monumental moment in world history and the people are on our side and Yes, these big tech guys have unlimited amounts of money and have extraordinary power, but I have absolute confidence that when we stand together, we are going to beat them and we're going to use these technologies to improve life for all people rather than making billionaires even wealthier. Thank you all so much for being here.