Hello everybody and thank you all very much for joining us and today I think we have a special treat. I have thought for a very long time that the people in the United States just don't know enough uh about what is going on around the rest of the world and how other countries are functioning. Uh so today we are really delighted to have the Finnish ambassador to the United States Lena Kaiser Mcola with us and uh we're going to talk a little bit about what's going on in Finland. >> Thank you Senator. Very happy to be here and talk about Finland. >> Uh let me start off uh with something that always impresses me. uh Finland and occasionally Denmark get ranked internationally as uh one of the happiest countries in the world. So what do you know that we don't know? Why are you happy? >> Yeah, it is true that for the last eight years Finland has been ranked in this world happiness report. uh for the eight years in a row we've been ranked as the number one the happiest country in the world and and that is uh the the data for this survey is collected out of 140 countries. Uh and everyone who knows Fins knows that we are not really like happy happy happy we are considered more like reserved and we are not very talented when it comes to small talk. You Americans are much better in in all these characteristics. uh but but for us uh it seems that this survey it it collects information on well-being. So uh it collects uh data on on certain aspects of life that we are quite strong and I think in the end it collects data on on on questions that show uh how satisfied you are with your life, the quality of life. if you are content with what you have. So I I I uh uh there are many reasons why why we are content. We have good public services. We trust each other. Uh trust is very important. We I think it measures certain kind of generosity also. This this survey uh life expects CGDP as well. So uh uh it uh just brings out the results of of of the success of Finnish society. >> Let's talk about that. I know that many of the viewers know that you know somebody like me is can accused being farleft occasionally a communist or whatever it may be. Uh but it turns out that many of the things that I believe in already exist in a number of parts of the world including Finland. So why don't we do this? Let's take this exercise. I'm a 16-year-old kid in Finland. Okay. Young man, young woman. What does my future hold for me in terms of job opportunities? Education. Start with education. All right. I want to go to college. In this country, kids who go to college leave school 50 70,000 in debt. Does that happen in Finland? >> No. The education is free and and at the age of 16 uh young our young people usually choose if they want to go to high school or and after that chose the path of university or some of them actually almost 50% they choose vocational school education and and so they make these choices and and uh um look many of them hopefully also to create a family after this free education that they have and uh I think that our society is well equipped to to support young families and support our citizens till till the day they retire. So so it doesn't mean that we would rely completely on the government and the society but the system we have built actually guarantees fair treatments and and and equality for for our citizens. art in this country. One of the great problems that we have is our health care system, which is very, very expensive and not particularly good. >> So, I get sick in Finland. What happens? How much is it going to cost me to go to the hospital? Well, uh, basically the the public health system is is, uh, is free for everyone and it's it's guaranteed by our constitution. So I think if you have to go to a hospital in the end, you pay pay maybe some daily fee which is some euros. So uh and of course if you want to choose private uh option that is always there as well but public health care is guaranteed by law and and it is free. >> And how is the quality do you think? >> I think the quality is is good. Yeah but you know it's hard to compare. We are country of 5.6 million. So of course it is a bit easier to to uh build these systems than in a country with more than 300 million people. And at the same time, I have to say that uh that the Finnish national economy is not doing so well at the moment and our our uh our finance finances are are in kind of diverse traits. But I think that the the overarching and or underlying philosophy is there that people deserve these rights that are guaranteed by the constitution. >> Talk a little bit another problem that we face in this country is the ability to retire >> with dignity. A whole lot of people work their whole lives, they retire, and then making it on social security, which is often inadequate. Talk a little bit about the retirement system. What how do older people uh in Finland do? >> Well, uh we have two different pension systems. The other one is earnings based. So the employee and the employer pay uh monthly fees. on employees case it it's deducted uh then then from the salary by employer to the uh national uh pensions insurance services and and uh so that's the the first one and then there is national pension system so in case you haven't you don't really have a long working career there is a guarantee for you to have basic basic uh services and also certain certain allowances during your old age or when you have to retire >> is fairly generous or >> it's it's I um it's okay. It's I I don't think it's overly overtly generous. Uh but it is it is with other alliances related to housing and as I said public free healthcare, it it is it is okay. >> In the United States and in much of Europe, serious problems around the cost of housing. >> Is that a problem you're running into in Finland or not so much? Yeah, I suppose it is also in in in Finland, but for some reason I hear more about I more about it here than than than I I do in Finland. For for those who are more vulnerable, we have housing allowances also. And then of course you know uh the difficulty perhaps is that in bigger cities the housing is of course much more important than it is in in poorer municip or or smaller municipalities far away from the >> more expensive I imagine >> more expensive in in in the bigger cities. >> Yeah. >> So that is of course it's a it's it's something that concerns everybody but I do hear more about it here than than I hear it in Finland. You raised a moment ago an interesting um concept and that is trust. >> Yet >> I think it is fair to say that in this country in the United States there is not a whole lot of trust. >> Yeah. >> In government. That is not necessarily the case in Finland. Is that right? >> Yes. And and you know I think everywhere in the world we are moving to more polarized times. Social media is not very helpful in this then times in general are are more complicated but I I I think during we've been independent 109 years and we have had tough times civil war second world war but I think in the end we have had good people and also good politicians who understand that in order for a country like ours small country not necessarily in the easiest location on the map in order for us to survive and prosper we need to be able ble to trust our democracy and we need to be able to trust our institutions and and we need to be able to trust each other. So times are not uh only uh I think uh roses and sunshine but I I would like to think and I think I'm quite sure when I say that for Finnish people trust to be able to maintain that level of trust we have had is extremely important in in this kind of wild world of ours. Uh explain if you could to Americans the nature of your political system. How often do you have elections? >> We have elections every four years. Uh we have uh 200 members in our parliament. Um we have an an the party we have always coal coalition governments. We don't have a biparty system as you do. So the the party that wins the most seats in our parliamentary elections creates starts creating the government and and uh in order to have the government program and while it's a coalition government certain compromises always have to be made and and I remember when I was younger we used to have more elections and governments collapsed during this four years period but I think during the last 20 years or so 30 years maybe even the governments have lasted the whole election cycle. >> See that that concept of coalition government is quite foreign to those of us in the United States. It's win or take all here. >> Yeah. >> But you're saying is there five separate parties now in the in the coalition? >> I I suppose so. Four or five? I think >> four or five. All right. That's a lot. And that's a lot of parties which I gather cover a broad range of political views. Yeah. >> Yes. Yes. Uh and at the moment the government is more on the on the center right. Uh the previous one was more on the center left. U but I think whatever coalition we have I think most of the Finns still trust that the politicians we might not like them personally all of them but we trust that they are they have the good of the country in their mind. >> All right. Um, one of my pet peeves, something that I get very upset about is that increasingly in the United States as a result of, in my view, a disastrous Supreme Court decision called Citizens United, billionaires are able to put unlimited amounts of money into campaigns. Does anything like that go on in in Finland? I mean, if you're running for office, do I say, "All right, I'm prepared to contribute, you know, $10 million to your campaign." >> I I Well, first of all, you know, the income differences in Finland are if that's an that's an issue are different from from United States. So, so also proportionally speaking, I suppose the number of billionaires, it's a bit bit smaller in Finland than it is here. But yes, uh it is you can always support your candidates. uh but uh the um it's even if you're you're an institution or individual uh that has to be open and transparent so so everybody has to has to declare the support they are they are getting from outside >> is there a lot of TV advertising during the campaign or >> maybe because I've been living abroad so so much you know I don't remember a lot but yeah it's it's it is there but uh might be because I've been staying 20 20 years abroad during the last 33 years that I don't recall everything, but it's not excessive. I I wouldn't think so. >> Well, in this country, it is excessive. Um, how did Finland I I've always been curious and never really could figure it out. How did Finland get to where it is today in terms of its so strong network of social welfare programs? It wasn't always like that, right? >> Well, but you know, it's I said we've been independent 109 years. We had tough times the first decades. Uh we were a poor country. But I I kind of maybe I repeat the the one that I just said that the idea to have a social cohesion among our population has always been important for our our leaders. And then of course you know we are part of the Nordic group. The Nordic model is is something that we can see benefits citizens of the other Nordic countries and also ours. So there's kind of a common understanding that this is good for all of us. This is not only good for the vulner more vulnerable ones, but this is good for all of us. >> Well, I am sympathetic to that point of view. That is not necessarily a point of view that is held by some people in this country. But all right, talk a little bit. Finland is in an unusual geographical position, right? You border on Russia. >> Uh there was what? Russia invaded Finland in 1939 >> and we were part of Russian Empire till 1917 when we gained our independence. >> That was after the Soviet after the Russian revolution. >> Yeah. Or in during this turmoil, you know, we found the the occasion to >> talk a little bit about the Finnish history if you might. Oh, we've been we've been uh part of U Swedish u empire till 1809 and then from 1809 uh till till 1917 part of the Russian Empire and independent now for 1099 years and uh um what should I say we we are we are kind of a peculiar Nordic state in a way because we don't speak the same language most of us than Then you know our our Finnish language is not a Scandinavian language. We have a Swedish speaking minority in Finland and we cherish this uh this this identity as well. It's very important for our common identity in Finland but we are kind of a odd duck in a way among the Nordic Nordic countries. Our language is more similar to Estonian >> than to Swedish, Norwegian and Danish. And so um yeah, we had uh we we lost big part of our land, lots of our prosperity and of course enormous amount of human lives during the Second World War and and uh we had >> go back a little bit. So the Soviet Union invaded Finland in >> 1939. >> Okay. Yeah. >> And what happened? What was the result of that? The the result was that uh we lost land prosperity or property and lives but we remained independent and we remained sovereign and the same happened after the so-called continuation war that started 1941 and then ended 1944 uh and after that u >> explain was was Finland occupied by >> we were never occupied by >> by the Nazis >> we were not occupied by Nazis but this and this is a kind of a complicated chapter of our history. Uh but uh between March 40 and summer 41, I think Finland and our leaders then found us us ourselves in a kind of a limbo. We were alone. uh but uh uh and and without any allies as we have today. And um so there was this kind of a certain agreement with with with the with the Germans that when they invaded uh Soviet tried to invade Soviet Union, we could take back the lands that we lost and and and that war of continuation lasted till 1944. And then there was peace agreement again as harsh I suppose as it was in in in March 1940. We lost same lands that we actually gained back. Uh we lost again lots of lives and and uh property prosperity. But uh and and it kind of influenced our our place in Europe and our place in the world uh and how we conducted our foreign policy during the following decades. Uh we had to take into account a certain amount what our eastern neighbor uh was thinking. But at the same time I think that one has to remember that we remained independent. We remained so sovereign and and we had the agency of of being a small and proud nation in in in in Europe. And every time uh during the following decades we use the opportunity to take steps towards the west just to underline and show something that we always know it's true that we are part of the western world and part of the and western democracy as we always have been. So we joined council of Europe I don't remember exactly the here we joined European Union 1995 and and then three years ago we joined NATO. >> I talk about that a little bit. I know that joining NATO was not something that was popular in Finland for many many years. Is that correct? >> Yeah. I I I think I think that Finnish people don't don't really have something against NATO. Defense alliance good idea. Great. But I think majority of Fins u thought that this is not something not for us and and we have to maintain an independent uh defense independent strong military forces that we have and we have always had that we can perhaps manage alone also partly taking into account our history during the second world war and before we were alone. So this being alone is somehow stuck in into our mindset. But when uh Russia did something that we considered impossible and irrational uh in February 24th uh 2022 uh attacked sovereign nation Ukraine everything changed among the Finnish population in kind of overnight. So if December January the support for possible NATO membership was about 25% so in couple of days it was 75 80 and 85. So, uh, I think Finnish people realized that it's if you have the possibility to be member of a strong defense alliance, you better better use it. And and uh, so now we've been a member of NATO for three years. And I don't think that Finland is a country that is only getting something from the from the membership. We would like to think of ourselves that we are also giving giving to this North Atlantic alliance. our our preparedness, our resilience, our capable military force we we that we have maintained all these years. >> All right, let me go back to trust and let me go back to your social welfare programs. In order to pay for that, you pay a lot in taxes. >> I suppose we do. Yeah. More than you more than but you know this is also Nordic thing and >> Yeah. >> All right. So let me ask you the question. People say to me, "Well, Bernie, you want health care for you want free college education, good child care, it's going to you're going to have to pay more in taxes." Um, >> people in Finland do. Why do they do that? >> How do they feel about it? >> We feel okay. You know, there was a survey. I just read about it when preparing for our discussion and and I was being a Finn I was still surprised to to see that 93% of Finn consider paying the taxes we pay as an important civic duty. So this is >> all right. Let me repeat that in case people didn't hear it. >> 93% according to the ambassador of people in Finland feel that paying their taxes is an important civic duty. Probably not quite the way we see it in the United States. Why do you think that's so? >> Well, once again, our countries are different. Our systems are different. The population size is different. >> But it is it is it has to do with some of the things that we already discussed. free education, public health care. Uh we know that when we pay these taxes, I'm not sure if some people call us happy taxpayers. I don't know if we're happy, but we are content taxpayers. When we pay, we get something in return. Our children get free education. I when I retire, I I I I I'm it's more or less guaranteed that I don't have to live in poverty. uh and and uh I think even even many of those people who are rather well off I think even them they are part of this 93% and they have enjoyed the the benefits of a good public education and free public education system. So there's a trust that the system delivers. >> Um any thoughts? I want to get back to healthcare for a moment because it's not just that you cover all people and we don't. I'm looking at numbers here which >> say that I know it's true in the United States we're spending over $15,000 per person. >> Yeah. In Finland, you're spending like $5,400, onethird as much. >> Well, once again, I suppose the difference in systems is it's explains and and uh our public funded healthcare system perhaps >> is it pretty efficient do you think? >> Uh it it is I think it's rather efficient. I hope it remains efficient also in the future. I told you that the national economy is in dire straits. So it's it's pretty efficient, I think. But also I I um I think they have during the last decades there have been a strong emphasis on preventive measures and preventive health care and and we've been particularly good when it comes to uh issues related to maternity and child health care and I personally of course experienced that with having my my two boys many many years ago. So I really felt that I was taken good care of and and also them during their childhood years even though we lived abroad for quite some time. >> What is the Finnish baby basket? Is that what I would tell us about that? >> Well, you know, it's and I know there are some countries who are copying it now from us, but it's our idea. So So uh yeah, it's it's a baby box and and it includes uh uh different kind of clothing for the baby for for winter for summer. You know, winters are are cold and the babies often sleep outside. So, you need to have warm >> babies sleep outside. Why do babies sleep outside? >> But you dress them very warmly and and you know, it it's I think it's a old wisdom in Finland that when when you stay lots of time outdoors, you become healthier. >> All right, stop there. I want to go want to say this. I come from a state that gets very cold as well. >> State of Vermont. Our babies do not sleep outside. >> Oh, really? Yeah. >> They sleep inside. >> Yeah. So talk a little bit about babies sleeping outside. I think many Americans would think it's a little bit crazy. >> Well, you know, like like my sons who are now 26 and 29, when when they were babies, uh uh I had this baby carriage on the balcony. We lived in an apartment building and and I dressed them very warmly and and I I I pushed the carriage in the balcony and and um yeah, they they they slept very well in in this chilly weather. But >> And do your kids still like you, talk to you? though they I you have to ask them but I I I kind of think that they like me still. >> All right. So that is is common that babies >> I I I suppose it's common you know I I have to say that my experience is from 26 and 29 years ago but uh I would imagine that same same some wisdoms last for forever. >> Huh that is interesting. And you got a lot of sauners in Finland. >> Yes that is of course something very important also. and and uh talking about uh um health care and and uh uh public healthare and whatever healthcare I think so you cannot uh how do you say uh over over underestimate overestimate the the importance of sauners when I think I've noticed where I've lived in many countries that people tend to think that sauna is something that is very very good for your physical health might be but I think for us fins saunas are very good for for for for our mental well-being. It's a it's it's they're really good places to be, especially after a long work working working week and just enjoy the heat of the sauna and and just thinking about something very different than work. >> So that's an essential part of Finland. >> It's very much everybody. >> It's very much essential. >> So is everybody have a sauna in their house? Are there common public sauners or what? Well, you know, yeah, they are public sonas and and they have become kind of fashionable and fancy and the tourists go into them in Helsinki, but but I think most of the fins we have our own son, be it in a summer cottage, a summer cabins that that that many of us have or in in in uh in our houses or in apartment buildings also there are either a common sauna in the cellar and you reserve a time like when I go to Finland, my my sauna time is on Saturdays. uh from 8:30 to 9:30 and and and but then in the newer apartments the most of them or many of them they have sonas inbuilt for each and every apartments. It's it's part of the way of life. It's part of the culture and and uh yeah it's makes makes you feel good. >> All right. Well, that's good. Um let me ask you this. Other than sitting in saunas in the winter, what else do the fins do? Do they are they active? Are they outside winter sports? >> Yeah, I think out outdoors is important for us. We have plenty of uh forests and lakes and rivers and fields. Uh that that is I think in the in the uh Olympic games recently, we didn't win any gold medals. It was the Norwegians and Swedes who who who did that. But uh uh but still you know winter sports, summer summer hikings, summer hikes, they are all very important for us. living living close to nature I think even though you don't go to a forest every day it's good good to know that there is a forest nearby that I felt myself for example during covid covid times that uh this uh kind of difficult times it was balanced very much with the possibility of being outdoors and enjoying the fresh fresh air >> so you're an outdoor type people huh >> I think most of us are most of us are yeah and and what else do we do I think uh we we have uh active civil societies in Finland and and uh >> what does that mean active civil >> civic society >> like I I used to work my example I used to work for Finnish Red Cross before joining the foreign service many years ago and and Finnish Red Cross is the biggest uh kind of a NGO semi- NGO in Finland people um have local chapters where where they uh it's either kind of social work or or or volunteering uh in in various ways in in in social service uh chapters or or like actually concentrating on on on on foreign assistance or things like that. >> You're a fairly for a small country, you are a very generous country, are you not? >> Um I I would I would think so. you know, it's it's it's we don't have philanthropy in the same way that you have here in the United States. But uh but for example, the war in Ukraine, I I think Fins, individual Fins have been very very generous during the last last years because we feel it's something we feel very strongly about that. >> All right, let me switch gear and get back to education. My understanding is that in Finland teachers are very well regarded and being a teacher is kind of a prestigious job. Is that true? >> Yeah, I think prestigious, you know, English is not my native language. Prestigious. Yeah, perhaps. But it's it's it's considered important. My mother was a teacher. She had uh uh three siblings. They were all teachers and they all married teachers. So, so and they all they came from a relatively modest uh uh municipality uh small small countryside place and so becoming a teacher I think was important for my grandparents that they have a they had a good solid uh life but also uh because it's it is it is a respected profession you know for a for a for a still maybe kind of a young country so in order to prosper in this world you you need to invest in education means you need to invest on your teachers also >> respected I think is the better word than than prestigious and I >> worry that that is not the case here we do not respect our teachers enough and uh my understanding is that to become a teacher in Finland there's a lot of competition people want to become a teacher >> it's a university degree and and uh it's been very popular which means that you know not everybody is is is accepted in in into this this uh field of study. This the salary is not uh the highest but uh I think that the respect that teachers h have the certain freedom they have with with for example long holidays and also the the teachers seem to have more autonomy in their in their work that than than is the case in some other countries. So so we don't >> and the results are pretty good. You are generally regarded as one of the strongest educational systems in the world, right? >> We are doing okay, which in Finnish terms means that we are doing fine. We're doing good. >> Now, from what I've heard, you're doing more than okay. I think >> I think the most important, one of the most important things is that the Finnish parent can be quite sure that his or her child gets a good education. No matter if you come from the southern uh cities of Helsinki, the biggest cities in the south or if you come from the um less populated areas in the east or or or north and you know that wherever your child is studying, you you you get a good decent education that helps the child to navigate in the world. >> All right, let me ask you a question of which you may not have an answer and that's okay. It's a problem that exists in the United States, Europe, and has declining birth rate, >> which is true in Finland. It's true in the United States. >> Why do you think that why do you think that is the case? >> Yeah, it's it's a good question. I'm I'm I'm not an expert on that, but of course, this is something that uh uh is it's is discussed a lot in Finland. while you know basically we have good public uh social and and health systems we have great education things are things are very good in Finland and still you know the birth rate is it's getting getting lower um this is something one should ask more from the younger generation how they feel about this maybe some people start a bit late planning the family but uh all in all perhaps they enjoy their freedoms more or in a different way than than the previous generations did. I think it's it's kind of sad, I have to say, but but these are individual choices and uh it's hard to influence them. People do what they feel is right for them. >> Um we've discussed a lot. Anything on your mind that we didn't touch upon? >> Um >> so why should everybody in America move to Finland or at least vacation in Finland or something? >> Yeah, you're you're very welcome. You know, it's a it's a nice place to to visit. It's a safe place to visit. We are, as I said, we are not the best best ones in small talking, but I think we are genuinely hospitable and and generous as I have have actually found also Americans when traveling here during my first year and a half. >> Do you have much of a tourist economy? >> Yes. Uh we we we have and I think it's growing. It's Lapland. Of course, winter holidays in Lapland is something something important for the economy and interesting for for many people coming abroad. Uh but I think there are many other places also in Finland to see and experience what happened. Uh because of the war of aggression in Ukraine and and uh some of the methods of our eastern neighbor Russia, we had to close our eastern border. It's still closed. I think we closed it. It's soon two years already two years and and uh that of course meant that a big number of Russian tourists that had been to Finland that is now I suppose in zero. But this is the price we had to pay because of what's going on in Europe. >> All right, we covered a lot of ground. Is there anything that we didn't discuss that you want to share with American viewers? M well just want to thank you for this opportunity of being here and you know as I said you know I've been here for a year and a half and and uh one of some of the most enjoyable things here are to meeting people like you but also traveling around the country and and and uh I I'm coming from a small country it feels good and warms my Finnish heart that there is certain cur curiosity towards a country like Finland and and Finnish people. So, thank you for that also. >> Well, thank you so much for being with us. >> Thank you. >> Okay. Thank you.