in school, right? So, it's been a few years since I have been in school. The world has changed just a little bit. Uh and it's important for me and I think your parents and people around the state uh to get a sense of what you are thinking about, what you're feeling. And I should say that this is in fact a tough time to grow up. And if you feel sometimes a little bit overwhelmed, that is not an irrational feeling. You're living in very difficult times. You went through COVID. Your education was disrupted. Relationship with your friends were disrupted. Uh you got climate change to worry about. The economy is hurting many working families. So, there's a lot that's going on and you should understand that you're not the only people who are worried about the future. Um but anyhow, tonight I know there are some questions on your minds, some issues you want to discuss. And I am thankful that you're wanting to discuss them. So, with that, Katie, are you going to moderate? Yes, I sure will. Okay, let's do it. Okay. All right, Emmy, we're going to start with you. Um Emmy, why don't you introduce yourself, let us know what year you are, where you go to school, and what question you want to raise for Senator Sanders. Hi. Um I'm in 11th grade. I go to Central Vermont Career Center. Um and my question was, what advice would you give high schoolers who are graduating with the political state of the world currently? Mhm. Well, I wish I could give you a brilliant answer. Um I can't. Uh Look, um I'm being a little I don't want to be overly political tonight, but I have very serious concerns about the president of the United States who has values uh that are very different than many of us in Vermont. Um Uh he does not believe, in my view, in the Constitution of the United States, in the rule of law. I think, sadly enough, he is a racist and a sexist. Uh values that I I most of us in Vermont do not hold. So, I think the best advice that I could give you is to be bold, is to trust your instincts, is to understand that we share a common humanity, not let people divide you up, divide us up cuz their skin color might be a little bit different or their sexual orientation might be a little bit different. You know, Vermont has long been a leader in the issue of justice, you know, treating people with respect uh and dignity. Uh don't tolerate people who are bullies or rude to uh other people. Um and, you know, try to create a world in which all people can do well. Uh you are living, you know, one of the things that I talk about a whole lot uh is that, Emmy, you are living in the wealthiest country in the history of the world. Did you know that? That's where we are right now. And in my view, all of our people should be able to afford health care. And your parents should not have to stay up nights worrying about how they're going to afford to send you to college or in some cases go out and buy groceries or pay the rent or pay the mortgage. A lot of people are stressed out economically. We should not have to be in the richest country in the world. Okay? So, keep your eyes on the prize. Know what you believe in. Go with your own heart. Uh and, you know, you got every religion in the world almost talks about the need to treat other people like you would like to be treated, right? So, that's a pretty good start for politics. Um so, that's about it. Do you want Do you want to share some thoughts with me or why you raised that question or Um I just thought that the world is pretty divided and like I'm graduating soon, so it just makes me wonder like what my future is going to look like. Good. All right. Okay, thanks a lot for that question, Emmy. Uh Katie, we're going to uh Mariella. Yes, we're going to Mariella next. There's a trio here from Northfield High School. So, Mariella, we'll go to you. All right, we got three kids there. Okay, great. Hi. I'm Mariella. Introduce yourself. I'm Luna. I'm Ellie. And we're from Northfield High School. We're seniors and she's a sophomore. And our question is about how you think schools are preparing students to see the realities of life post high school, but whether that's civic engagement or just necessary life skills to be ready to enter the workforce. All right, I'm going to do my best to answer. What do you think? How are you doing in Northfield? Uh not that great. Not very good at all, actually. How so? Well, we actually don't have um like a civics curriculum in our school. So, that's something that the three of us have been working on. So, that's kind of where our question stem from. But look, it's if you kind of want to know where we should be going in the future, you got to know where we came from as a people, right? And that's kind of what civics is about. Uh we live in a nation that I think at least was once the envy of the entire world. You know why? I mean, back in the I don't want to give you a history lesson, you know, at all, but those guys in the 1770s, people like Jefferson and Hamilton and Adams and all these guys, they wrote a constitution. You know much about the Constitution? You guys studied it much? All right. It is a pretty amazing document given that it was written in the like 1770s, 1780s. Pretty amazing. Uh and a lot of this stuff, the Declaration of Independence that we hold these truths to be self-evident, all men, not women, but all men were created equal. That's a pretty uh strong statement going 250 years ago. And the Constitution, these guys thought, who do they How do they um What was the revolution about? Do you know that in American history? What was the revolution about? Uh we're taught that it's about freedom, you know, freedom your self-liberties, freedom from the British. Right. The British at that point were the strongest uh empire on Earth. And they had the strongest military on Earth. And they were kind of these guys came to America and they kind of wanted to live their own lives. And, you know, uh the British were not all that sympathetic to that. So, they waged the revolution, which by the way was a lot bloodier and a lot more people died than people think. Wasn't an easy struggle. Uh and, you know, um and then we progressed throughout the history of this country. We started off with the revolution where, you know, slavery existed in the United States. Women did not have the right to vote. Uh in the beginning, the country was pretty much run by wealthy white men, right? And throughout the history, there was always an effort to try to make America a more democratic society. When I was a kid, you had to be 21 years of age to vote. That was dropped to 18. Do you know why it was dropped to 18? Anybody watching if you any of you guys know why in Northfield? Probably because you can serve in a war when you're 18, but you couldn't >> Ah, all right, good. What was going on at that point? Jump in, anybody on the uh anybody else jump in on it. Well, I think Senator, we had someone in the chat one of the attendees said the Vietnam War. Okay. All right. Well, Marielle, I think did somebody want to jump in? Katie? On that? No, I was just responding. So, we have a someone who wrote in a message in the chat that it was about the Vietnam War. Right. This is what it was is young people back when I was a kid, a little older than you, were getting drafted. They were being sent to Vietnam and some of them never came back. And people saying, "You want me to go out and fight and get killed but I can't even vote?" And this tell me whether I war is makes sense or not. That was a major impetus for lowering the voting age. Um in any case, throughout the history of this country, there've been struggles of workers struggle to form unions, women struggle to vote, gay people struggle to be able to get married. Uh and it's important that we understand that history and especially at this moment that we understand the Constitution uh of the United States, what the legitimate powers of the president are, legitimate powers of the courts, legitimate powers of Congress, what states' rights are, uh etc. etc. So, um studying the history of this country, studying what is going on right now in terms of civics is extremely important. Okay. Um I think we got somebody from Champlain Valley Union, CVU. Yeah, that's Wilcox. Wilcox, you're up. Hi. Um my name is Wilcox. I'm a junior at CVU. Um and my question is about um the kind of the federal investigation that CVU um is currently facing from the Office of Civil Rights over um trans athletes um in schools. Um and I was just kind of wondering what you or we um as students or other people in Washington can do to kind of protect our funding which could be at risk. Um and just like the integrity of our school um and the safety of our students. Good. Uh Wilcox, that's a great question. Um Uh you're living in strange times. And generally speaking uh schools in America, in Vermont and throughout the country are run by the communities themselves, not by the federal government. The federal government puts a lot of money into a variety of programs including Vermont. We get a lot of money. But the always the assumption has been that everything being equal, the major decisions are made by the schools themselves. Uh unfortunately, under Trump, he is in many ways uh trying to get more power for himself and inject himself not only into high schools in terms of trans athletes uh but into universities in terms of what they are teaching literally in their courses threatening to withhold funding. So, he's using the funding mechanism to try to exert his particular uh political views. Uh I would say that your delegation, the Vermont delegation that Senator Welch and Congresswoman Balint and I are doing everything that we can to try to uh fight for what we would consider to be Vermont values of tolerance, respect for each other uh and to stop this president from overreaching. I mean, we've reached the incredible stage, I'm getting a little bit away from the high schools now where he is threatening to withhold funding to states for major infrastructure projects if uh buildings are not named after him. Got it? I mean, that's pretty crazy stuff. I mean, it needless to say it's unconstitutional and uh illegal. So, um bottom line is that in the United States local communities run their schools uh and we will do our best to maintain that. Any thoughts? Good question, Wilcox. Um no, I don't have anything else to add. Thank you. And hopefully >> Okay. What I would hope is that throughout this discussion, you guys uh Katie, the technology allows people to jump in, right? Yep, absolutely. Folks can just unmute and uh share their thoughts. So, absolutely. Okay. Well, Wilcox, thanks very much. Uh now we're going down south to Windham County and we have Do we have James uh Jenny at the Putney School? Hi. Um >> James. How you doing? I'm a junior at the Putney School. And >> Okay, be a little bit louder. Make it louder. My name is James at the Putney School. Be even louder. Okay. My name is James at the Putney School and my question for you today was how do you believe that we as high schoolers can help each other stay safe when we're in such a polarized community and environment where we have to watch what we say due to offending someone's opinions. How can we help each other stay safe in in time like this? Well, you raise a a very That's an important question. Um And one of the things I want everybody to be paying attention to is and jump in because I need your views. One of the things that um cell phones and screen time have done and it's a concern to your teachers and it's a concern to your parents, I think. I've talked to a lot of teachers and parents about this. is when you're spending a lot of time on a screen, you're not interacting in a human way with other human beings. Do you know what I mean by that? Okay. You know, you're doing whatever you're doing. You're playing video games or you're just interacting on screen. Uh and I think we need more human interaction. All right? Uh I think there's another question coming up soon about loneliness and isolation. Uh at the end of the day, um James, all we got is each other. Human beings have each other. And sometimes human relationships are difficult. Parents get divorced. You know, kids do drugs. You know, nothing is easy. Uh but we've got to figure out a way to better relate to each other and take comfort and joy uh in each other. Um So, I I would guess the answer is even if it's awkward, sometimes it's painful. You know, reach out to your friends. Uh acknowledge your anxieties. Um That's not a brilliant answer, but that's kind of best that I could think of. What do you think? I think that could totally make sense. Um another part of this is what do you think of how associations can be a part of this and how having these clubs that you can be a part of can Very good. Yes, I do. I think it's very important. I'll tell you something, be honest with you, James. We are doing right now, in fact, just this last weekend uh Katie and my office worked very, very hard uh putting together three uh events. Uh one was up in Sheldon in Franklin County. One was in Bristol in Addison County. And one was in Poultney in Rutland County. And we served dinner and we had music. You know why we did that? And it was a town meeting and I was there to answer questions. People asked me questions. That's what a town meeting is about. But you know why we brought in food and we brought in music? Why do you think we did that? I think that having that food and music is able to create a better sense of community. It's able to make it easier for people to >> why we did it. Exactly why we did it. is at a time when people are pretty isolated, I wanted to bring people out. We had some great uh musicians, choir from Middlebury College, good food. And I wanted people to just say hello to their uh neighbors. And I'm going to do more than that, but I think in general, the idea of being on clubs, being on a ball team, you playing ball or whatever the club may be, association, it's great. Uh one of the fears I know that your parents and teachers have is this isolation that kids are feeling, the awkwardness of relating to each other and boys and girls or whatever it is. So, I am a big supporter of of all kinds of clubs. Just get out. Whatever it is. You want to do music, you want to do theater, want to do athletics, whatever it may be. Do it. All right? At the end of the day we save each other through our family and our friends. That's how you do it. Ain't nobody else going to do it. So, uh reach out in any way you can. Uh anyhow, James, thanks for the question. Uh I think next up we have a question from Adeline. I hope I'm pronouncing her name. Is it Is that Adeline or Adeline? Adeline. Hi. >> Adeline. And Adeline is at Mill River Union High School. Adeline, thanks very much for being with us. Hi. Yes, hello. Um I am from Mill River, and my question today is how do we think we can continue to fund education here in Vermont to continue having resources for students who do have a goal to go to college, and then continuing will have opportunities to stay in the workforce here in this state continuing into their future? Wonderful. Good question. We want you to stay in Vermont. All right. Too many young people are leaving Vermont for sometimes simply economic reasons. It's easier to make money elsewhere. Make a living. Um I mentioned a moment ago that we are the wealthiest country in the history of the world. And to me, that means that our people, all Americans, should have basic rights, things that they are entitled to. I think every human being in this country should be entitled to health care as a human right and education as well. Now, if we were having Oh, excuse me. If we were having this discussion in Germany, for example, or Scandinavia, Denmark, would you be worrying about the cost of higher education? No. Uh because those countries make, I think, the right decision in saying, "Look, we want our people, our young people, to have the best education that we can possibly provide to them. We want to do it because it's important to you, but it is also important to the state of Vermont, right? It's also important to the United States of America because in a competitive global economy, how do we compete if our kids don't have a great education, right? So, that means you got to study hard, you got to work hard, okay? But it also means that I want you to be able to get the higher education you need without worrying about the cost of it. You're going to a public school right now, and I want public colleges and universities to become tuition-free. Now, here's some good news, and I wonder how many of you guys know this. Do you know that right now there are colleges and universities all over the country that in fact are tuition-free for people under a certain income? Did you know that at the University of Vermont right now, if I may be wrong on this, but I don't think I am, if your family makes less than $100,000 a year, which is a lot of families in Vermont, it is tuition-free. How many of you guys know that? Did you know that? Yes. All right. Some of you did, some of you did not know that. Okay. And that's increasingly true. We worked very hard over the years to to bring about a situation where public colleges and universities are tuition-free, and we're beginning to see that happen. Um But uh that is my view. Uh in addition to that, not everybody wants to get a college education. There are some kids who want to get their hands dirty and become a plumber or electrician, and we should be expanding our apprenticeship programs to do that. We just just the other day a legislation passes that's going to bring a couple of million dollars into Vermont to help the career centers hire more teachers to make it easier for kids to get out of the classroom uh and work in various trades. Uh What do you think, Adeline? Anything you want to add to that? I don't think so. Okay, thanks. >> I agree. Uh and stay in the discussion. Don't disappear, okay? Yes. Okay. Uh now we're going to the Cambridge School in Weston uh with Reese Lenetto. Reese, you there? >> Hi. Yeah, hi. Hi. Hi. Um I'm Reese. I'm a junior. I'm from Stowe. Um one of my biggest concerns is about educational standards. Um many students aren't meeting expectations, and instead of getting them the help they need, the expec- expectations for students are being lowered. Um and now students have access to AI. Um so not only is the standard lowered, but they're more likely to not do their own work. So, my question is what are the possibilities for policies around artificial intelligence Okay. intelligence in schools? All right. Reese, you've raised a question on an issue that concerns me very, very much. So, let me be brutal with you guys, okay? Here's the story. As a nation, we are seeing a cognitive decline in our young people. You know what that means? You're dumber than your parents. We don't want that to be the case. We want you to be smarter than your parents, right? How are you going to argue with them if you're dumber than they are, right? All right. And there are reasons for that. And a lot of it gets back to social media and the amount of time you guys spend on screens. I talked to teachers, and I want everyone here to jump in on this discussion, who tell me that the attention span of kids today is much lower than it used to be. That the idea of assigning, say, a novel, if you're in an English class, right? Saying assigning a 200-page novel to a student, they say, "Read 200 pages? Are you crazy? I can't read 200 pages. That's too hard." All right? But in 30 or 40 years ago, that's what your parents were doing. All right. Is what I am saying and what Reese is saying is that right or is that not right? Who wants to jump in around around this screen here? All right. Who has thoughts on that? Jump in, guys. I would definitely agree that our attention span has drastically decreased. Um Oh, also a note from the chat. A lot of people All of the attendees cannot jump in. Only the panelists can jump in. Um >> Yes. We're going to be just Thank you, Eden. We're going to be taking questions that we have in the chat after this panel speaks. So, appreciate that. But if you've got thoughts you want to share on the attention span topic, that'd be great. >> Yeah. Um I think social media has drastically decreased our attention span with the addition of short-form videos. Um Good. Although that is not the only thing. Um There is a lot of screens involved in the decrease of of attention span, I think. All right. What does that help me out? Cuz I am not your age. Um So, what you are used to doing, what kids are now used to doing, is seeing videos for a couple of minutes, yes? And I'm guilty of that cuz we send out a lot of videos from this office for a few minutes as well. But uh and therefore something that required concentration for an hour or so would be something that many kids are just not comfortable with or unaccustomed to. Is that what you're saying, Eden? Precisely. Okay. Who else wants to jump in? Agree, disagree? Who has thoughts on that? I see a hand in Northfield. Is that Northfield? Okay, what do you guys think? Um I definitely agree that it's harder to Our attention spans are a lot lower. And also, when it comes to just academics in general, research, um most research comes up with a Google AI generative um things. So, it's a lot harder to actually go through the procedures of finding the correct sources and all of that stuff. All right. So, I think the point that Reese raised, and and here's a tough one. You know, if you want to be a good athlete, you know, you see these guys in the Olympics, they train for years, right? I mean, they really do. Want to be a basketball player, my god, it's really hard work. Expanding your knowledge, getting your brain to work well, is not easy. You got to work on that stuff. Now, if your teacher assigns you something, and you press a button, and you go to AI, and your AI gives you a a good essay, right? What have you learned in the process other than you can press a button? All right? I mean, the temptation is is there to do it. That's the easy way out. A lot of kids do it. I know that. But what you're going to have to do is discipline yourself to understand that yeah, it may get you a good grade. You may be able to fool your teacher. But at the end of the day, you're fooling yourself. You got to learn how to be critical, critically thoughtful. Uh you got to learn how to understand things to do well in this world. It's a tough world out there. Uh so, I share those concerns. Anyone else? This is a big issue. It's an issue about cognitive decline. It's an issue about people not having paying attention, being able to be attentive for long periods of time, being able to read stuff that's fairly complicated. They're all smart kids. You can do it. But it takes work, by the way. You know that? Uh all right, who else wants to raise their hand on this one? Okay, um I should know the names. I Katie, you know the names of the hands up? Yeah, Molly, why don't you go ahead? And other folks can just jump in. So, I've got Molly, I've got Annelise, and then Adeline. Good. Um so, I'm Molly. I'm a student at Seton Hall Academy. I'm a junior, and I'm taking a creative writing class right now. And we recently just had a project about AI and how it affects our learning ability and our creative thinking skills. And my project was a negative connotation of AI. I presented how AI steals from artists. But another student talked about how they use AI to help them navigate mathematical solutions and outlines for research papers. And although I acknowledge the highlights of that, I disagreed in a sense that that's when you reach out to other people and get some human connection with that and see what is needed on a personal level, on an intuition level. And just gaining resources other than something artificial without an actual conscious. Uh all right, who else wants to jump in this conversation? Katie, we have some others? >> Yeah, I think we have Annelise and Adeline and then Andrew. Sorry, I missed your uh your hand that was up there. But Annelise, then Adeline, then Andrew, please go. I noticed the lack of attention span in my classes every day. It's one of the things we're focusing on in journalism right now. Um My attention >> Molly, let me if I can interrupt you, show me tell me how you notice that. What is that how does that manifest itself? Uh when the teacher's talking, kids will have their heads down. They won't be paying attention. They'll be playing with a pen. Um and a lot of it is due to our screens. Most of our work is assigned on Chromebooks instead of on paper. Uh we aren't challenged to think for ourselves. Um expectations have gone down, and it's become less about learning and more about passing. Wow. All right, I think Annelise makes a very, very good point, and it breaks my heart. I don't you know, it's I don't want expectations to go down. I want them to go up. Okay? You know, I go occasionally, I'm in Europe. And kids in Europe can speak two or three languages. You know that? Or you go to China now, kids you know, doing all kinds of crazy things. I mean, they're really learning all kinds of stuff. The idea that we are not challenging you guys, that we're expecting less of you, really does break my heart. And I I hope you will fight that and resist that. You're all very you and your kids in your classrooms, they are you are bright, but you got to break out of this stuff, and you got to work hard. You got to set goals for yourself. You can do it. Uh but I there's a culture out there, an environment which is not conducive to that. So, Annelise, thanks for your thoughts. Uh Katie, who else do we want to jump in? I think we had Adeline and then Andrew. Hello, yes. I would just really like to reiterate what Annelise and Molly said. I was that was what I was going to talk about as well. I feel as the expectations have been going down, and I also see that evident in my classes with non-paying attention, talking while the teacher is trying to give us information for future tests, and I've as well um seen it in higher level classes, especially AP curriculum classes, where this is very evident. We're not going to be able to access AI or each other on the tests, and we need to be stressing importance of really learning from your teachers and learning to know how you yourself will learn and continue preparing for a specific test in the future that will be helpful in your future and will continue to help help you gain your skills in the future that will be necessary. And so, I agree that we should stress that more, and it's very sad that that has been going down so much. And I hope that all of us here and will continue to, as you said, work hard. >> Well, Adeline, on top of all of that, let me just say something. I don't know if people agree with me or not. Learning is fun. You know what? Watching a video is not the only thing that's fun. Um I've written a couple of books. And actually writing a book, which is hard, very hard, and putting things together, figuring out how you say it, you know what I mean? Is actually quite satisfying when you do it. All right, other thoughts on this important issue. Katie, we have anybody else on that? >> Yep, Andrew, you want to go ahead, and then we can hear from Emmy. Okay. Hi, I'm Andrew. I think that um while everything that we're doing in school today was done before technology was invented. So, if you think about it, we should we should have the minds to be able to think about these things without technology. But I think while technology yes, like using technology as our brains is a problem, I think we can use it as a tool if we are taught how to use it as a tool. Like, we have to be we shouldn't be taught from day one that oh, social media you use social media for all this, use AI. If we're if in our younger ages in our like the ages where our brains are formed and all that, and we we don't use social media and we don't use AI to think for us, then we can do our own thinking and then use those as tools instead of our brains. Uh I am going to be going to California next week. You know why I'm going to California? I'm going to California to talk to some CEOs of the major or executives of the major AI companies. And we're going to be talking about many of the issues that you guys are raising. I think Andrew is in a sense saying that we can utilize AI, right? If we're smart, we can utilize it. Not to make us dumber, but to use it's a good tool if we use it properly, right? Is that what you're saying? Okay. Um but AI, you know, we're talking now about how AI impacts you as students in the classroom. Uh but the issue of AI and robotics, I just talked right here in this room today a few hours ago with some workers who work in a factory in Kansas City, Missouri. And they work in a factory, and guess what? A lot of robots have come into that factory, and a lot of workers have lost their job. Got it? Uh and we are talking to a lot of college graduates who are finding it harder to get what we call entry-level jobs because AI has taken those jobs. So, this whole issue of AI and robotics is a very, very big issue. And I think picking up on Andrew's point, the goal of what we've got to try to do, in my view, is make sure these technologies work for us, work for the American people, and not just the few people who own those technologies who are extremely wealthy to begin with. Okay? All right. Who else wants to jump in? Do I see a hand? Ethan, you got a Do you want to say something? Yeah. Yeah, I think it's important to recognize the environmental footprint as well. Um because AI is incredibly bad for the environment, and I cannot in good conscience use it for until and I cannot commit to making it work for me until it has reduced its environmental impacts, and there is a way to make it so that our world isn't being destroyed by the very technology that we're creating. Well, Ethan raises a very good point. And that is these data centers that are popping up all over the country, not yet in Vermont. And if they come to Vermont, I will do my best to keep them out of Vermont, but they require an enormous amount of electricity, and that electricity is often produced by fossil fuels, and um carbon emissions have an impact on climate. They drive up electric rates in some communities where there are water problems that it also requires the data centers require a lot of water uh to cool uh the machinery there. So, uh it raises just one more concern about the growth of AI. A legitimate one. All right. Molly Joyce is a junior at Thetford Academy. Uh Molly, what's on your mind? Um my question I'm kind of paraphrasing it and it's kind of evolved a little bit. But um my question is how can we as a society rooted in policy uplift young voices in awareness fighting against censorship in the progression towards fascism? Well, that's rather big question. Uh uh as I mentioned earlier, uh the people of Vermont have sent a delegation. Uh there are only three of us, two senators, Senator Welch and myself, and Becca Balint who's in the house, uh who I think are trying to do that. Um and I think at every level we have got to be attentive and we have got to fight back against the president who wants more and more power uh in his own hands. And that means he has as we discussed earlier, I mean I I I um uh attacked literally whole states that voted against them that he may not be giving them their federal the federal grants that they are more than entitled to. That happens to be illegal. Uh he is going after the media, attacking people in the media, trying to create an environment where people in the media are not going to be doing investigative reporting and speaking out against them. He's criminally going after his political opponents, which is unheard of in America. We don't uh you know, we disagree with each other, but you don't threaten to throw somebody in jail because they disagree with you. And what we're seeing now in Minneapolis, you're familiar with what ICE is doing down there, uh which is for the first time having what amounts to a domestic army of thousands of troops occupying a city right now. So, uh all that I can tell you is that your delegation and many others are doing our best. We're working with the courts who in many instances overriding, stopping Trump what he's doing. There'll be an election uh in November. We are working very hard to make sure that uh Trump does not continue to have his party support in the House and the Senate. So, it's something that we are working very hard on. Do you want to Molly, any thoughts you want to share? Um no, thank you for your comments. Okay, thank you. Okay, I think uh Andrew Jacobs is at Burr and Burton. In Manchester. Yeah, hello. I'm Andrew from Burr and Burton. Um my question's actually related to ICE. Um what is your opinion on the ICE killings in Minneapolis and what will you do to prevent similar occurrences in Vermont? Again, an issue we are spending a great deal of time on. Uh I introduced uh an amendment to legislation last week, uh which would have rescinded, taken back $75 billion that was appropriated for ICE uh 2 years ago. Uh ICE generally speaking had received about $10 billion a year, but under Trump's big beautiful bill, they significantly increased funding. So, $75 billion on 4 years on top of 10 billion. Uh and I introduced the amendment to rescind that money. Uh all the Democrats in the Senate supported it, 47. Two Republicans supported it. We got 49 votes. We needed 60, but uh what ICE is doing in Minneapolis is illegal. Uh it is unconstitutional. Uh and uh we have got to bring about not only rescind that money, bring them back to what they used to do, but we need fundamental reforms. I think you need the resignation of uh Mr. Cuccinelli who is the head of DHS. Um uh and the people who are conducting uh these types of um just the things they're doing of knocking down doors, of shooting innocent people, of occupying an entire city. So, ICE needs a very very it needs a lot less money and it needs fundamental reforms. Okay. Good question, Andrew. Thanks. Uh We got Ethan in Brattleboro Union High School. Am I pronouncing your name right, Ethan? Yes, sir. Thank you again, Senator Sanders, for listening to my question. Um before I ask my question, I really want to say I really just as I've watched videos and like read your posts and um I really enjoyed seeing that you're like still willing to really talk to like Republican like people that are like have these opinions. And you're still like actually listening before just like like before just giving your rebuttal. So, but I digress. I just want to say thank you. Um studying abroad has changed my life. I've gained confidence, friendships, and skills. Yet many Vermont students still can't access this access it. With global pre- crises rising, we need these opportunities. Like how can you help to expand them? Well, Ethan, thank you very much and I 100% agree with you. Uh you know, there are a lot of kids in Vermont who have literally never left the state of Vermont. Not gone to Boston, not gone to New York City. Um when I was mayor a long, long time ago of the city of Burlington, we established sister city programs to enable people from Vermont to go abroad and people from abroad to come and visit uh Vermont. Uh we are also wanting some money into the state to do exactly what you're talking about, help Vermont kids go abroad and have kids from around the country come into Vermont. I was at uh Plainfield uh high school last month and they have a program with Denmark. Uh kids go to Denmark, kids from Denmark come in. So, the idea of where did you go? What Ethan, what country did you go to? I was lucky enough to go to Spain. That's great. Okay, how long were you there? A month. Fantastic. And it really had an impact on you, huh? Yeah, absolutely. It just gives you a crazy different perspective on life and coming back to America. All right. I I am a big, big fan of exchange programs. Um I'm going to do our best. We have tried over the years to get more money into Vermont to do that. And by the way, while the best thing you could do is what you did, visit another country or have kids come into Vermont, we have to do more with um doing what we're doing to help virtually. I mean, you can get on the phone right now and talk to kids in France, talk to kids in Spain, talk to kids in Germany, talk to kids in China. Which could be interesting unto itself. All right. But your point is well taken. Um learning about the rest of the world, having them learn about us, is enormously important. So, thank you for your thoughts. Uh we have Ethan in the Putney School again. Where is Ethan? I'm here. You're still there, huh? Mhm. Okay, your question, Ethan? Um my question is regarding the isolation and loneliness that many of our youth face, especially in more rural areas. And I was wondering if there is something you can do to address that and decrease our rates of depression and suicide. Great question. And it's a this is a national problem. And I worry that in many ways we have a mental health crisis in America. And I think uh COVID had something to do with it, but it's deeper than that. I I don't know that I I would love other people on the call here to jump in to respond to Ethan. What do we do about loneliness? What do we do about isolation? Do you know kids who are struggling? What works? What doesn't work? Who wants to jump in on that one? Okay, I think we're Northfield. Um well, one of the issues that I see with um rural communities in Vermont is that the schools are so small. There's not a ton of diversity to meet new people, especially if you don't I mean, for us, our graduating class is 28 kids. So, if you don't fit in with the group, you're kind of stuck there still. So, I think the consolidation is a key to finding more people that everyone can be friends with. So, you have a concern about small schools like Northfield High School. Okay. Uh do the other kids with you share your views? Anybody else want to jump in from Northfield? Jump in. What do you think? Uh agree. I think it's definitely hard to if you don't like if you can't find somebody to you know, click with, it's really hard to find your people. And we don't have many opportunities to meet people from other schools unless you do certain sports or activities like that. And I think it definitely is a cause for concern sometimes. Do we do you raise an interesting issue? Um Do kids from you know, we have a lot of a lot of great kids in Vermont, you know, but I would say it is a long skinny state and we go all the way from, you know, Brattleboro to Newport and uh Bennington to St. Johnsbury and so forth. Do kids My impression is kids do not get a chance to get to know each other. Am I right on that or not? I would say you're definitely right on that. Okay. All right, who has other thoughts about Eden's question? How do we deal with loneliness, depression? Are those things that you observe in your schools? Or not so much? Emmy? Um yeah, I think social media is definitely a big part of it because it's really hard when like you struggle making friends in school and then you go home and then you see like people's stories of like them together on the weekends and it's I think that's also a big factor of like social media. Okay. Other thoughts on that? Reese, do you want to jump in? Oh, Reese, we can't hear you. No. Well, we'll go Oh, try again. I know I know I know uh Well, let's go to Annelise and then Reese, we'll come back to you. Uh I go to Springfield High School and I've noticed throughout the school that many many people struggle with mental health and I think that there's kind of a lack of support, but that's honestly the thing that's most needed. Um we have a couple programs in our school that are directed towards getting kids therapy in school, uh having counselors to talk to, like making sure that people aren't alone is the most important thing, especially like with other issues raised such as small schools not being able to find your group, your group of peers to support you. It's really important that kids know that there are people who are there for them. Good. Okay. Um I think we're up to uh Annelise, is that um Yeah, we're up to Annelise, so we'll just Annelise, you can just keep going with your question for Senator Sanders. No, yeah. All right. Hello everybody, I'm Annelise. I'm in 9th grade at Springfield High School. Um this is a topic that keeps me up at night. Um at least two people have been murdered and many more detained illegally by ICE. Why isn't anyone protecting or prosecuting? My sister lives in Winooski a few blocks from the school that's flying the Somali flag. Um what's being done to keep citizens and Somali refugees safe from ICE's illegal activities? Uh uh We are doing a lot. Uh we can do more. It's funny that you mentioned it just um literally 10 minutes before I got on the phone with you guys, we just sent a letter to ICE regarding a gentleman who is now in detention in New Hampshire uh to make sure that his rights are protected. Um in the last week I and I know Senator Welch and Congresswoman Balint have been talking to uh groups around the state involved in immigration issues uh trying to make sure that people know their rights, that we can protect people uh as best as we can to make sure that people have legal representation, for example uh if people uh know right away that they can contact a lawyer, which they often don't know they can get the right of habeas corpus, we can prevent them from being taken away to Louisiana or someplace else. Uh so we're trying to protect the rights of uh not only undocumented people, but people who are here with legal papers who are now in an asylum process who are getting picked up. Uh the theory behind what Trump is trying to do is he's trying to go after violent criminals who are undocumented. A very small percentage of the people they are picking up are violent criminals. So we are working both here in Washington and in the state of Vermont with the governor and others uh to do the best that we can. We're working with grassroots organizations as well. But you're right to be concerned, but it's something that we are paying a lot of attention to. Uh I think we're up to Oscar Annelise at Vermont Commons School. Oscar? Yeah, thank you. I know this is a question I had that probably is on a lot of our minds. Um but like what is a realistic solution to making college more affordable and college education more affordable? I know you touched on it earlier, but still. Look, it ain't hard. Um you know 100 years ago uh or more uh working class kids, lower income kids did not go to school. They didn't go to high school, you know that? They didn't go to elementary school. They're working on farms, they're working in the fields working in factories. You know, part of American history. And people got together and they said, you know, it's not really fair that only the kids of the wealthy can go to Harvard and Yale and and all these fine schools or go to nice private schools. Cuz that's what education, high school is about. Just private schools. And people said we want public education for our kids. So right now anybody in America uh no matter what state you're in from I suppose kindergarten through 12th grade it's anybody can go. It's doesn't cost anybody out of your own pocket. And that simple concept has got to be expanded to higher education. Okay? God didn't create free public education from K to 12. The world has changed and you need a better education than somebody 100 years ago. So I want everybody in this country to be able to get that education through high school through college and graduate school. And I'll give you an example of something. Right now we have a major health care crisis. And among many other things, we don't have enough doctors. We don't have enough nurses, we don't have enough psychologists, we don't have enough dentists. So I want you guys to think about becoming a doctor, nurse, a dentist, psychologist pharmacist. And that's why I have introduced legislation that would make medical school or nursing school or pharmacy school tuition free if you practice in underserved areas. Uh but the bottom line is if we're going to have the best educated country in the world, which we once were and no longer are we are going to have to make higher education tuition free. Uh any other thoughts on that, Oscar? No, I totally agree with what you said. Yeah, it's kind of that kind of came to mind too, like when I first saw like 70, 80, even I learned recently 90,000 a year for 1 year of college, I just was like no, like it's just crazy. There's no No one can afford that unless you're like Elon Musk or something. Right, it's just outrageously expensive. Um and it's not only unfair to the individual, we as a country cannot do well unless you get a great education. And you know, it that should be available to everybody, not just the sons and daughters of of wealthy families. Um all right, we have gone through all of the questions that you have. We got a little bit more time. Uh anything else on your minds that you heard tonight or that you haven't asked or hasn't Um yes, I have a question. Um All right. What do you feel the federal government can do to prevent or at least help with the neoliberal isolation that keeps citizens from civic and associational engagement and weakens our democracy at its core? Follow up. What kind of control do you feel that the federal government should have over corporations? Because from my perspective um the isolation that we're seeing through social media and everything else kind of um comes from poor workers' rights and the fact that people don't have the time or the energy to associate and connect. Well, you're asking a lot of big questions. Um Here's what I worry about which is tied into your questions. You are living in a country today that has more income and wealth inequality than has ever existed in the history of this country. You all know it. Do you know what I mean by income and wealth inequality? What do I mean? Who wants to jump in? What do I mean? Like some people make a lot of money and not and a lot of people don't really make much money at all. Right, exactly. All right. So get back to those young ladies Where are they? Here they are. Okay. I'm them up on the screen again. Uh All right. I cuz I want to get back to them. Okay. So, here's the here's the concern that I have, okay? Stay with me. You were living in a country where the top 1% okay? owns more wealth than the bottom 93%. Got it? Yes. Yes. You're living in a country with 60% 60% of the American people that paycheck to paycheck. You know what that means, paycheck to paycheck? Yes, I know. Okay. It means people go out and work and at the end of the week they got nothing left. And if somebody in the family gets sick, they can't afford to go to a doctor. The car breaks down, can't afford to get it fixed, etc. Um you got one guy, Mr. Musk, who owns more wealth than the bottom 53% of American households. Now, that is to me not only unfair, but it raises another question about power. Okay. What politics is largely about is who has the power. And if Mr. Musk and other billionaires, multi-billionaires, have enormous amount of money, what do you think they do with that money? Do you think they put it under their mattress? What do you think they do? How do they get more power? You know, well, how do they get it? What? They bribe our magistrates. Well, what they do is they put a lot of money into campaigns. All right? So, if Mr. Musk himself put $290 million into electing Donald Trump president, okay? And you have billionaires in both political parties that do that. All right. So, this is power and when you put when billionaires put money into a candidate and elect that candidate, what do they expect from the candidate? To work for the billionaires and not for the ordinary people. So, those are some of the concerns that I have in it. A lot of that takes place because of a disastrous Supreme Court decision called Citizens United. Do you guys know what Citizens United Supreme Court decision was? Yep. Everybody or not? Raise your hand if you know it. I see a few hands. It was a decision, I think, 15, 16 years ago that said basically billionaires can put as much money as they wanted to the political process. That you can't have real limitations on how much they spend. And that's terrible, terrible decision. All right. Did I answer your question or not really? Yes, Senator. I was wondering about how the government should limit and control and monitor corporations specifically. Well, what you That's There's a fierce debate. Some of us who are progressives think that we should have a minimum wage in this country which is a living wage that every company should have to pay. Uh we believe that all workers should have health care as a human right, strong pensions. We think that the products that companies like the food industry makes should be healthy and not addictive to kids to get them on the fast food and create obesity issues and so forth. So, we think corporations should have be good citizens and not just exist to make as much money as they can for their stockholders. But, that's not Mr. Trump's view. All right? So, there is That's one of the issues that divides us politically here in Congress. All right. Anything else on people's minds? Yep, Molly. Um I kind of wanted to add on to the idea of education and health care being for the elite and elitism within these monopolies. Um and just ask how um we can kind of move away from that struggle without impacting the people too much and kind of scaring the people with um by involving too much change. Well, I think the people do I don't know how to word that, I know. Well, I I think people do want change, actually. And and uh I think people understands that the health care system is broken. You know, we live I live in Burlington. I live 50 miles away from the Canadian border. They manage to provide health care to all people. Um I've been to Germany where college is free for kids. Uh Scandinavia, the same. Uh so, I think um the change is what we've got to fight for. We have to be uh We have to understand, by the way, there are a lot of people We have a lot of divisions in this country, Republicans, Democrats, progressives, conservatives. But, if you ask people deep down whether you think the country is moving in the right direction, most people do not. And most people want to see us become democratic in the small d where you have a government that works for everybody and not just wealthy campaign contributors. So, All right. There's a lot of stuff in I know I've been kind of vague about that, but there's a lot of details that maybe at some other time we can get into. All right. I think we are kind of running out of time. Um but you guys uh thank you very much. You've helped educate me. For me to do my job, I got to know what's on your minds. And I appreciate you doing that. So, thank you all very much. And um look forward to seeing you in the not too distant future. Thank you all very much. Take care. Thank you.