Before I give my remarks, let's all take a brief moment of silence for Valley Forge student Melissa Rand and her family, the staff at Valley Forge High School, and the students. Thank you. What an incredible moment for our city. Tonight, we are proud to welcome all of you to Valley Forge High School for a gathering about the future we believe in for our city, our county, our region, and our country. >> Our cities are built on hard work, dignity, and looking out for one another. Our communities are composed of families, teachers, trades people, small business owners, healthcare workers, and public servants who know what it means to show up day in and day out. All of us have felt the pressure of rising costs, economic uncertainty, and a system that continues to being manipulated to benefit the billionaires while the rest of us fall behind. And this is why tonight matters. We are so honored to host Senator Bernie Sanders and the Fighting Oligarchy Tour right here in Parma Heights. What what you will hear tonight about fairness, accountability, and ensuring that working people have a voice resonates deeply in communities like ours. Regardless of where you stand politically, tonight is a call to action. We need to act now. A fundamental truth in a democracy is that our elected officials work for us, not the other way around. >> It is our responsibility to hold them accountable, to expect results, and demand that they deliver on the promises that they make. Enough is enough. Now is the time to elect leaders like Brian Po Dexter. who will fight and work to build a future that works for all of us. >> So, I want to thank all of you again for attending this evening and being here in support of this movement. And now, please join me in welcoming State Senator Nikki Antonio. They gave me a step. Thank you. Thank you so much. First of all, thank you for being here. As was introduced, my name is Nikki Antonio. Not only am I the state senator, but I am also proud to be the Senate Democratic leader in the Ohio Senate. >> I want to thank I want to join with all of you and thank Senator Sanders for coming here for bringing the fight oligarchy tour to Ohio. You know what Senator Sanders and all of us all of us know is that there are many ways to fight oligarchy, wealth inequality. One way was to show up today to get fired up to feel the solidarity of being together in the fight. And we can vote >> vote for candidates who will stand up to the special interests. >> I want you to know I'm working right now to flip three seats in the Ohio Senate red to blue. We are going to break the Republican super majority that it's artificial that they got it because because of gerrymandering and we are going to give Ohioans a voice. >> When they get their vote, we're going to give them a voice and we're going to give them senators that will fight for everyday Ohioans. Another way to fight the oligarchy is to send a hardworking man of the people to Congress. Who is that? Brian Po Daxter. We need to send Brian to the seventh congressional district because at a time when Republicans would have us tear each other apart and tear each other down, Brian is our best hope. He's our best chance to unite people, hardworking union households, hardworking class and middle class families that see the American dream slipping away for themselves. They see it slipping away for their children. They see it slipping away for their grandchildren. >> $5 a gallon at the pump and Exxon. Yeah. And who's making money on that? Exxon and BP are making billions in profits right now. Brian Po Dexter is going to put the people first. He's going to fight for an economy that works for all the hardworking people of Ohio. We know fair wages, safe working place, and retirement with dignity should be available to all Ohio families. That's why we need Brian in Congress. He is going to go in there with eyes wide open, a commitment to fight for fair wages, to protect Social Security, Medicaid, and affordable health care. YEAH, >> Brian was raised in a middle class family. I know his values. I was a kid growing up in Cleveland. Nobody Nobody gave us handouts. Sometimes it was hard to even find a hand up. But what we learned is that together we can raise each other up. And that's what Brian will do when we send him to Congress. >> Brian is going to work for investments in American workers and our communities. I am so proud to support him at this critical time. So much so much is on the line. We know. So I urge you to stay connected. Stay committed to the fight of this plague of oligarchy that has infected our American politics. We take back our democracy, our basic rights, our freedoms. When we exercise our right to participate and to vote, Together, we can and we will ensure it's the people. We will ensure that our country is truly a place of liberty and justice for all. And I mean for all. And now it is my honor to introduce President Dan Schwarz, 1005 UAW. >> Hello everybody. How are you? >> Nikki, let's give a big round. My name is Dan Schwarz, like she said, and I'm president of UAW Local 105 right here in Parma. >> I'm honored to stand here with Senator Bernie Sanders and the next congressman for our Ohio 7th district, my union brother, my friend Brian Po nextter. Let's go. Listen, the top 1% is doing better than ever with families across Parma, Brook Park, Northeast Ohio are working two jobs and still can't get ahead. That's not freedom. That's not democracy. That's just corporate greed. asked the 200 plus skilled workers at Khan Selmer in East Lake, Ohio. Represented by local 2359, my brothers and sisters for generations, these members have given their blood, sweat, time towards a comfortable retirement, provide health care for their families, and build a a comfortable middle class lifestyle. But Trump's billionaire buddy, John Elfred Pollson, the guy on TV pounding his chest, keeping keeping jobs pounding his chest about keeping jobs in the United States, is chasing cheap labor. He's gutting that plant and shipping those jobs to China this July. That's not free market. That's just some bull straight up corporate greed. Senator Sanders has been telling us for 40 years there is no middle ground between billionaire class and working families. >> You're either with us or you're with them. >> My brother, our friend, our next congressman, brother Brian Po Dexter is with us. Brian isn't going to take a dime of corbon money. He's not going to Washington to have lunch with some lobbyists. He's going to Washington to fight for affordable health care, for cap prescription drug prices, for trade policy that keeps skilled manufacturing jobs in Ohio, not China. That's why the UAW has endorsed them. Look, when the UAW took on the big three in 2023, it was said we'd never get cost of living. We would we couldn't eliminate tiers, guarantee work allocations along with but we brought along with bringing EV battery cell manufacturing under the GM UAW master agreement. Thousands of workers stood up in solidarity. We went on strike and we won. It's called solidarity. Look it. Ford, General Motors, Stellantis continues record profits while CEOs continue to make 300 times what average auto workers earn. And our members are still working two jobs to survive. >> That's not right. That's greed. Unions stand between working families and unchecked greed. Alone a worker gets told to take it or leave it. Healthcare, retirement benefits, pensions, and work life balance. Those are the important things that we fight for. And those are the things that Brian and Bernie Sanders fight for all the time. My union has a proud history, but our future depends on what we do now. That's why as president of Local 105, I am proud to stand shoulder-to-shoulder with Senator Sanders, >> Brian Po Dexter, >> and every worker ready to take on Wall Street and the billionaire class. It's real simple. Here's your choice. Let the billionaires keep buying elections, closing plants, or we send Brian Po Dexter to Congress to say enough is enough. Damn it. >> This town is a union town, a workingass town, and working people are done waiting. So, I have a question for everyone in this room. Are you ready to stand in solidarity with brother boy and Brian Po Dexter Bernie Sanders? >> Are you ready to stand WITH THEM? I CANNOT HEAR YOU. Are you willing to fight to corporate greed with us? >> Then you need to knock on doors. We need to talk to our neighbors, our family. get 10 friends to the polls the next week, right? Is that what we're going to do? Then you need to do this now. Our future deserves it. Needs it. Our families, our kids, our parents. Get out there. Get your Get out there and get to voting. Get out there and get it done. Solidarity. Now, I'd like to introduce Congressman Chris Deluzio. He represents Western Pennsylvania and Congress. He's an Iraq Iraq war veteran and former union organizer. And Chris is fighting every day to take on the corruption and the big money in our politics. Brothers and sisters, in solidarity, let's welcome Chris Deluzio. a dead ass town. The first kick I took was when I hit the ground up like a dog. >> All right, Northeast Ohio. How we feeling? >> You fired up to hear from Bernie tonight or what? >> Yeah. I'm Congressman Chris Delusio. I'm from Western Pennsylvania. So that means I bleed black and gold. I don't know if we got many Steelers fans here tonight. the feelings mutual about your Browns. Okay, let's get it out there. Look, I represent a swing district just across the border in Western Pennsylvania, all around Pittsburgh. And I will tell you, I saw corporate bosses and bootlicker Republicans spend millions trying to beat me in 2022 and 2024. You know what they got? Participation trophies. That's what they got. And >> you don't have to be some weak need corporate shill to beat them. And I'll tell you what, another guy is going to beat them. Brian Po Dexter. >> Some of you may maybe saw me in a video I filmed with some fellow veterans in Congress making clear that no one can force our troops to follow illegal orders. Anybody saw that? Donald Trump saw it too and uh you know he didn't like that. And I will tell you the man called for my arrest, my death, my hanging. He tried to indict me. I wasn't intimidated then and I am damn sure not intimidated now. >> Here's the thing. in this moment in our country. You love it. Patriotism demands courage. Anyone have courage here? >> Yes, it does. >> Now, I'm a very proud Navy guy. Have any veterans in the house? All right. I see you out there. My service took me to the Iraq war, another war that we never should have fought. Now, I see in Brian Po Dexter a union brother, and I fought as well to organize a union with the steel workers, and I know labor's in the house tonight. Am I right? >> Happy Mayday, folks. >> Look, it may be in the military, may be in a union hall, it's on the job, wherever. You'll learn about solidarity. It doesn't matter where you're from, who you love, how you pray, what you look like. We are all in this thing together. We are stronger standing together. >> I'll tell you, look to your left or to your right. Does that person's dignity matter to you? >> Does their freedom matter to you? >> That's where our solidarity comes from. We're not going to let these people divide us, are we? >> No. Whether you're coming from the big city or miltown, the suburbs or farm country, anywhere in between, we are all wrapped up in this thing. And the common good is what binds us. And the solidarity is the glue that holds it together. You should feel that strength. I hope you feel it. >> Now, the oligarchs know it. That's why they want to divide us. Donald Trump and those corporate bosses, they want us divided so they can get away with what? Plundering our government, starting new wars, all to funnel tax giveaways and who knows what else to billionaires and huge corporations. And they're doing it while wrapping themselves in the flag. You see all the ads, I'm sure, right? Republicans walk around acting like they have some monopoly on this country and our flag and loving it. >> They absolutely do not. Absolutely not. >> It sure as hell wasn't very patriotic to pardon January 6 rioters and cop beaters, if you ask me. >> And I know it's not patriotic to start an unnecessary war in Iran. Let >> let's talk about Donald Trump's Iran war. We have 13 Americans killed in action who've come back home in flag draped caskets. We have more than 380 Americans wounded. The straight of Hormuz is closed. You've got global oil markets collapsing. You've got gas prices through the roof around $5 a gallon in Pennsylvania. A region destabilized. Thousands of civilians killed, including school children. I'm in Congress. Brian's going to come with me. You know what we should do? We take back our war powers and put a stop to this war. Now, >> I am sick and tired of chicken hawks and politicians from both parties who want this war to continue. >> Now, I'll tell you this. Instead of wasting billions on reckless war, which is what they are doing, let's spend money on the American people. Let's spend money to make our life better here at home. We ought to be putting muscle back in the American dream. Look, I was born in the mid 80s. If you're my age or younger, we're now the first American since the Second World War. What's the data say? We're not going to be better off than our parents. That is a failure of the American dream. It's been ripped away. And it was never real for some people. Let's be honest about that. People are working longer than ever with more debt. Healthcare is more expensive. Folks who are working hard cannot afford their lives. And so when I say the American dream, I don't say slipped away. It was ripped and stolen away. >> Taken by out of control corporate power and the politicians who do their bidding. Now whether you're from Vermont like Bernie or maybe the rust belt like me or Brian or anywhere in between, you can see and feel that corporate power out of control and making our lives worse. Yeah. >> Is anybody angry about that? >> You should be and we should be. And I will be clear about this. Donald Trump saw that anger too. And when he capitalized on it, he pointed to a deep wound in the American psyche. All to do what? To sell the snake oil of hate >> and division and autocracy. And guess what? Your life is not a ripoff because some trans person wants dignity in their life. >> No, it's not. People who come to this country for their slice of the American dream should not be living in fear they'll be kidnapped by ICE. >> No, they shouldn't. We're not going to fall for their attempts to use culture war to divide us, are we? >> No. >> And look, plenty of Democrats will point the fing finger at Trump and say that's enough. It's not enough. >> We know the rot runs much, much deeper than just Donald Trump. The corruption and corporate power and corporate politicians in both parties are part of how we got to where we are. that corruption and trickle down economics, it is stabbed right at the heart of communities like yours and like mine across the border in Pennsylvania. You come to my district, I'll take you along the Alagany River in the AK Valley. You'll see what was a glass manufacturing powerhouse. Bust it away. We'll go out toward your border in Ohio along the Ohio River. You'll see what we used to have and what we still do a bit, the steel making. But you have steel making. And what were those jobs? What do we do? We made the steel in our regions that built this country that helped us defeat the fascists and the Nazis in World War II. That's a source of pride. How' they reward that hard work? They chased the cheapest labor, the weakest environmental rules wherever they could find it. They shipped jobs to states that busted unions. They went overseas for lousy trade deals. And I you know the story of auto and steel manufacturing right here. Community stripped for parts. It's still happening. Consmers, we've already heard about it. They're closing that thing, shipping hundreds of jobs overseas to China for the exact same reason. It's the exact same story. An endless pursuit of profit at any cost. Something has to matter more than just profits. Our jobs, our safety, our hard work has to matter, too. We don't have to accept this. And I'm a Democrat. Democrats took on the robber barons before in the New Deal, didn't we? >> We broke their choke code on our politics. And we can do it again. But we got to have fight in us. Do we have fight in us? >> When corporate power rips us off, what do we do? We fight. When American jobs are shipped away, what do we do? We fight. When dark money tries to buy our elections, what do we do? We fight. Damn right we fight guys. That's what we do. >> That's the spirit that we need in our politics that I see in a Brian Po Dexter. You got to have a vision of something you are fighting for. >> I'll tell you some things I'm fighting for and I know Brian is too. We got to root out the corruption in Washington wherever we see it. >> I serve in the House. Supposed to be a great honor and it is. And I see people I serve with, they get access to inside information, they trade stocks. I say we ban congressional stock trading. I think in the richest country in the history of the planet, people ought to have healthcare. Let's pass Medicare for all. And there's maybe nothing more corrupt than the money in our politics. Let's get the super PAC money out of our elections >> and let's put the dignity of hard work at the center of this thing. >> Whether you work behind a desk, in a factory, in a hospital, it doesn't matter. Your work has dignity. It is a source of pride and our economy should be built around respecting hard work and it's change system so that work actually pays off so you can build a life with dignity that the union way of life is strong. >> So look that requires you to pick a side now and again. No more fence sitters. I don't see any fence sitters around here. >> It doesn't matter if we call them oligarchs or we call them corporate jagoffs as I would say. We know who they are. I know which side they're on. I know what side we're on. I know what side Brian Po Dexter's on. I know what side Bernie Sanders is on. You feel me on that? >> Now look, Bernie and I need some help in Washington. We need some more union workers in Washington. Maybe another new iron worker in Washington. >> Brian Po Dexter is that guy. Yeah, >> he knows what hard work's about. He's a son of a union machinist, a grandson of a UAW auto worker. He wants to make more stuff in America and honor the union way of life. And he knows that we'll fight the corruption in Washington. So, I am proud to introduce a union brother, an iron worker, a native son, Ohio, and your next congressman, Brian Po Dexter. Heat. Heat. I heard there were some workers here. We got workers here. >> I don't know. Something feels a little out of place, though. >> There you go. Right there. >> Let me get that on there. Yeah. So, good evening everybody. Uh, I'm very honored to speak to you here today. Uh, never thought I'd be here in a million years addressing such a crowd. Look at you. You guys are beautiful. Unbelievable. Want to recognize the day, International Workers Day, right? >> Happy Mayday, everybody. And I want to thank you all so much for being here. Uh I you know everybody has a lot of hustle and bustle going on in their life and I know it's not easy to come to an event like this and I want to thank you sincerely for being here today. And I I'd like to say a big thank you to uh the organizers who organized this event. I'd like to give a thank you to my team Tom uh my campaign manager, one of my best friends. Thank you guys. like to give a big thank you to all the volunteers who helped us in our campaign, who knocked on the doors, who made the calls, who talked to their friends and neighbors. Apparently, word of mouth spreads. Um, and and I'd like to give a very special thank you to my union brothers and sisters who show up for me every single time. You may have heard uh my name is Brian Poexer. >> I'm a father, a union iron worker, a Brook Park city councilman, and I'm running for Congress in Ohio 7th because working families deserve someone in Washington who actually works for a living. They say Congress is broken and we all know that. >> Well, I'm an iron worker. I fix broken things. >> I come from a union family. My grandpa worked for Chevy and was a proud member of UAW. My dad was a union machinist. Union machinist 46 years. Worked in the same factory. And he's here today. Dad, can I give my dad a round of applause? >> I love you, Dad. Love you, buddy. I'm the second youngest of six kids raised right here in uh the greater Cleveland area. My mom stayed home raising us, and let me tell you, my dad had it easy compared to my mom, my brothers, my sister, and I uh we were a lively bunch to say the least. I love you, Mom. Thank you. >> So, so my dad went to work. He was a sole provider. We didn't have much, but we had everything a family needs. A stable home, food on the table, a strong strong example of what hard work looked like. But let's be honest with ourselves. That kind of life, that kind of stability, that's not possible for too many families anymore. I started working at 15 in a machine shop. After high school, I worked in kitchens. I worked in factories. Drove truck across all 48 continental United States. I did the jobs that most people in our district do. I didn't read about workingclass values from a briefing book. I live it. And this is what I've seen every single day. Working families feel the pressure at the grocery store, when the utility bill shows up, when the rent or mortgage comes due. People are doing everything right and still falling behind. >> For years, politicians told us, "If corporations and billionaires do well, we'll all do better. It'll all trickle down. Well, guess what? Corporations did great. >> Billionaires did great. >> Record profits. The Dow 50,000. >> And working families, what do we get? >> We got told to suck it up, >> tighten our belts, >> work harder. >> When tax cuts come up, they flow to the top. When subsidies come up, corporations are first in line. >> But when there's a bill to pay, they look to us. >> And I'm tired of picking up the tab for billionaires. Are you? >> Working people, we are not an afterthought. We are not a backup plan. And we are not a revenue source for politicians who bail out their friends at the country club. >> I'm running in this race because working people deserve real representation, >> not empty promises, >> not talking points, >> not leaders who only remember them when it's time to sacrifice. >> Working people need No, we demand a seat at the table. WE NEED an economy that works for all of us, >> not just the wealthy. >> An economy that works doesn't get built from the penthouse down. >> It gets built from the foundation up. >> And workers are the foundation of this country. When costs go up, like gas, groceries, and healthcare premiums, that hits working families hard, a lot harder than it hits a CEO or a politician insulated from those costs. >> If you work hard full-time, you should be able to afford to live with dignity, support your family, and plan for your future. >> That's not asking for special treatment. That's asking for a fair deal. I'm a card carrying union iron worker. Proud member since 2007. >> We got any union members in the house? >> I worked my way through the apprenticeship. I've been an organizer fighting to bring union benefits to workers who didn't have them. Today, I'm an apprentice instructor with Iron Workers Local 17, passing those skills on to the next generation. A union isn't some outside force. It's working people standing together to protect each other, help each other, and fight for each other. Period. >> On a job site, safety rules aren't red tape or a pesky regulation, >> right? They're the difference between going home at night or not going home at all. >> And they want to divide us. They want workers quiet and scared and submissive. >> But we don't back down, do we? >> We stand up. And I will always stand up to protect workers. >> Amen. Yeah. >> And your healthcare shouldn't disappear just because your job does. Right. >> Nobody should have to choose between their health and their paycheck. >> Right now, the system is confusing by design. Deductibles, networks, co-pays, >> uh, surprise bills. It's a shell game. and working families are getting we're getting played. >> When your healthcare is tied to your job, bad bosses have leverage over you. Leverage they should never have >> and that that leverage makes it harder to speak up about unsafe conditions or unfair pay or mistreatment. >> Taking care of people is not radical. It's the bare minimum of what we should expect from a society that values human beings >> and I heard Chris say it. Politicians and CEOs love to wrap themselves in the flag. >> Yeah. >> Love it. Patriotic, right? And then turn around and ship your jobs overseas. >> I've seen this firsthand rallying with the workers over at Conselmer in East Lake. That's not in my district. I could have been a politician and not went and rallied with them folks, but they're fighting for their jobs. They're fighting for their lives. >> And and just a few short months ago, the owner of the place was talking about how we got to bring jobs back to this country. A excellent sound bite on the news. >> And then at the first opportunity, he's shipping that plant overseas. >> They need to they need to keep that plant here in America. If a company wants tax breaks, uh, subsidies and access American markets, they should earn it by creating good paying jobs right here, >> not somewhere else. >> We don't win by racing to the bottom. We don't win by pitting American workers against workers from other countries who have lower standards. We're Americans. We don't lower standards. We raise them. >> We win by valuing people who build, who move, who teach, and who care for this country. Are we going to let corporations hollow out Ohio and ship ship our jobs overseas? >> Not on our watch. >> So, what makes me different? I built skyscrapers in downtown Cleveland. I've worked on many projects over my 18 plus year career like the lumen at Playhouse Square, the head frame at Morton Salt, infrastructure at Nasha Glenn, just to name a few. These hands have done the work. And since 2017, while building our region up, I've served as a Brook Park City Councilman, standing up for workers, fighting for fighting bad policies, and defending public institutions. I've got two daughters and a bonus daughter. >> All right. >> One graduated from Cleveland State, Taylor. >> The other is working her way through nursing school. She's a freshman, Ashley. >> And my bonus daughter, Michaela, she is finishing high school strong as we speak. So, Everything I've done ever in my whole life has been about building a foundation for my family. >> And that's exactly what I'll do for Ohio 7th district. >> I fight for workers because I am a worker. >> And whether I'm walking a beam or walking the halls of Congress, I will never forget where I came from. >> Amen. And I want to get a little personal for a second if I may because standing here right now, this this is surreal to me. Never in a million years would I have dreamed this. In 2016, I was sitting in a crowd just like this and I heard a guy from Vermont and and what he said there, he he was he was saying what I was feeling my whole life, that working people deserve better, that the economy is rigged, and that it was time to fight back. >> That night, I decided to get involved in politics. >> All right. >> That man changed my life. AND NOW HERE I AM 10 years later, not in the crowd today. >> All right, >> I'm up here running for Congress. >> If that doesn't tell you this moment is real, I don't know what does. >> And uh my daughter reminded me something a couple days ago. Uh years ago, we were in a restaurant. The bill came maybe 15 bucks. And I left a $15 tip, 100% tip. And she asked me why. And I said, "Because I believe in a $15 minimum wage." >> I wrote on I wrote on the receipt, "Eanders support the $15 minimum wage." And so do I. Remember that movement >> that was I mean that was so long ago that that rate just needs to be even higher now. >> And and that's who I've always been before politics, before campaigns, just a working guy who believes people deserve dignity. And once again, I am Brian Poexer, 46-year-old father, union iron worker, city councilman, and candidate for Ohio's seventh congressional district. And and it is my great honor to introduce to you a fighter for working people whose fight has spanned over half a century. A man who's been on the right side of history throughout his life, a champion of the underserved, a mentor to millions, an inspiration for us all. My favorite senator, your favorite senator, >> the senator from Vermont, Senator Bernie Sanders. Heat. Heat. Thank you, Palmer. What a turnout. And let me let me thank Valley Forge High School for allowing us to use this beautiful venue. Golum for the music. Mayor Marie Gallow, Nikki Antonio, Dan Schwarz for their remarks, and thank Congressman Crystalio for doing a great job in Congress. We all know why we are here and we are here this evening to make sure that Brian Po Dexter wins the primary election on Tuesday and becomes the next congressman from Ohio 7th district. Before I get into my remarks, I want to pick up on a point that Brian made uh talking about his own background. So, let me say a word about my background and tell you why what Brian was saying is so very important. He knows where he is. He knows where he came from. And he knows where he wants to be. And I had a very similar experience. I grew up in a family uh where my dad came to this country at the age of 17 from Poland to flee poverty, anti-semitism. Never had a nickel in his pocket when he came here. Uh he worked hard his whole life, never made any money. We lived in a three and a half room rent controlled apartment uh in Brooklyn, New York. And what has always stayed with me is the struggles that my family had, my mom and my dad had. They were good parents, but always the economic struggle of not having enough money and the stress that that brought on our family. That's something that is in my gut. I couldn't forget it if I wanted to. And it's a reality that exists today all over this country. And the bottom line is that Brian understands that. And when he gets to Washington, he will remember where he came from, the people that he has worked with. And in a time when we face so many problems, he's going to be there fighting for the people of Ohio and America. So I very much hope that we can elect him. What I want to do this evening is do something very radical for a politician and that is to tell you the truth. How's that? I know hard thing and there are two truths that I want to go over tonight. One is, and I wish I could tell you otherwise, especially for the young people. I wish I could tell you otherwise, but we are living in an unprecedented and an extraordinarily dangerous moment in American history. That's the bad news. But the good news is and I so proud of this you know I have had the opportunity to be in every state in America and I have spoken to God knows how many people hundreds of thousands maybe millions of people met people in every state. We are a good people. >> We have good values. >> We are a compassionate people. >> All right. And if we do not allow allow Trump and his friends to divide us up by the color of our skin or where we were born or what our sexual orientation may be, if we come together as one people, as parents who want the best for their kids, who want the best for their aging parents, want the best for the environment, if we come together, there is nothing nothing that CAN STOP US. NO, NO, NO, NO. It is not Bernie. It is you. >> I'll do my job. We all have to do our jobs. So, let me start off by telling you a little bit about what you're not going to see on TV or hear very often in the halls of Congress. And that is that never before in American history have so few people had so much wealth and so much power. Today in our country, we have more income and wealth inequality than we've ever had before. You remember the guilded age? >> Much worse today. >> Today, the top 1% now owns more wealth than the bottom 93%. >> Now, you want to hear something really crazy? You got one man, Elon Musk, who now owns, listen to this, more wealth than the bottom 53% of American households combined. CEOs of large profitable corporations now earn 350 times more than the average worker. People on top have never ever had it so good. Last year alone, after receiving the largest tax break in history, fewer than $1,000 billionaires in America became $1.5 trillion richer. >> There aren't too many billionaires in this room, I gather. Over the past six years, billionaires in America have more than doubled their wealth. And listen to this. According to the Rand Corporation, not exactly a socialist operation, over the last 50 years, there has been a $79 trillion redistribution of wealth from the bottom 90% to the top 1%. So that is one economic reality today. Never before in history have the people on top had so much wealth and so much power. But there is another economic reality that unfortunately many of you are more than aware of and that is that today 60% of our people are living paycheck to paycheck. Everybody know what living paycheck to paycheck is about. >> I grew up in a family living paycheck to paycheck. Many of you are experiencing that right now. What does that mean? It means that families are living under enormous stress. Mom or dad have to figure out how they're going to pay the rent, how they going to pay the mortgage, how they going to buy groceries, and what happens if somebody gets sick, how you going to afford to go to the doctor when people have in some cases no health insurance or have very large deductibles? And what happens if your car breaks down and you can't get to work and you can't afford the $1,000 that the mechanic is going to charge you? And what happens if your landlord raises your rent by 20%. You got to take your kid out of school. Where do you go? And all over America, that is what people are dealing with every single day in the richest country on earth. Millions of our people are desperately struggling just to pay for the basic necessities of life while the people on top literally do not know what to do with the money. How many bloody yachts do you need? But it's not just the outrage of massive income and wealth inequality. When you look at our economy today, you see more concentration of ownership. While profits on Wall Street in corporate America saw a handful of giant corporations dominate sector after sector, agriculture, transportation, energy, financial services, you name it. And when you have that kind of concentration of ownership, you got monopolies, you got price fixing, and we end up paying much higher prices than we should. And when we talk about concentration of ownership, do not forget about who owns the media, >> who determines what you're going to see on TV tonight, >> right now. Listen to this. As all of you know, Elon Musk, the richest guy in the world, owns X formerly Twitter. Jeff Bezos, one of the wealthiest guys on earth, owns the Washington Post and Twitch. Mark Zuckerberg, one of the richest guys on Earth, owns Meta, which includes Facebook, Instagram, WhatsApp, Messenger, and Threads. Rert Murdoch, a multi-billionaire. You have heard of Rupert Murdoch. He owns Fox News, >> the Wall Street Journal, the New York Post. Another multi-billionaire, Larry Ellison owns CBS, Tik Tok. >> But it's not just income and wealth inequality, and it's not just concentration of ownership and control over the media. In America today, the billionaire class is hellbent on owning our political system as well. You know, I come from a very small rural state and in Vermont in early March, we have town meetings. You got towns of two, three, 500 people coming out and they go to the local town hall and they argue about how much they should spend on the roads, how much they should spend on the schools, etc., etc. They argue and then somebody says, "All right, how many people raise your hand if you want this, raise your hand if you want that." And that's what happens. It's called democracy. >> It's a radical idea that everybody has one vote. >> But that is not where we are today in our corrupt political system. As a result of the disastrous Citizens United Supreme Court decision, billionaires are legally able to spend as much as they want on political campaigns through their so-called super PACs. In other words, not complicated. You're a multi-billionaire. You like that candidate. You want to defeat that candidate. You put a few hundred million dollars into a super PAC. It's coffee money for you. They run ugly 30-cond ads and life goes on. You win. You beat your opponents. All right. That is not what men and women fought for when we talk about defending democracy. >> Then we have our president We have a president whose values, in my view, are so so far removed from where ordinary Americans are. He is a he is a pathological liar. He is an authoritarian who wants more and more power in his own hands. He is somebody who virtually every single day undermines the Constitution of the United States and the rule of law. >> He is a president who has in an unprecedented and illegal way created his own domestic army called ICE. a president who threatens the media >> and our freedom of speech and assembly and who literally wants to arrest or imprison political opponents who stand against them. We have a president whose value system is such that he thinks that it's all right to give a trillion dollar in tax breaks to the top 1% and then in the same bill throw 15 million Americans off the health care that they have. And then we have a president who several months ago in the middle of the night started an unprovoked and illegal and unconstitutional war. A war which has not only led to the deaths of 13 members of our military but thousands of civilians in Iran, in Lebanon, and elsewhere. And that is why as soon as possible, we must end this illegal and unconstitutional war. And by the way, by the way, this is increasingly becoming a bipartisan issue. You talk to Republicans out there and you ask them that when at a time they can't afford to fill up a tank of gas, when they can't afford food or health care, do they want us spending tens and tens of billions of dollars bombing civilian neighborhoods in the Middle East. >> And I'll tell you where we are beginning to make just a little bit of progress simply responding to where the American people are. The American people are saying loudly and clearly no to the war in Iran and no to more military funding for the extremist government of Israel. When we began our effort in the Senate to cut military funding for Israel, we had 11 votes and then we went up to 27 votes. And a couple of weeks ago, we went up to 40 votes. 80% of the Democratic caucus now understands American taxpayer dollars do not go to fund a government which has committed genocide. >> But it's not only the militarism of Trump that we've got to worry about. We got to worry about another issue that I fear is not getting the attention that it deserves. Right now, our billionaire friends, Mr. Musk, Mr. Bezos, Mr. Zuckerberg, Mr. Ellison, and others are spending hundreds and hundreds of billions of dollars developing artificial intelligence and robotics. Mr. Bezos himself just recently is now working on creating a hundred billion dollar fund to quote unquote automate factories in America and abroad. Do you all know what automating factories means? >> It means ending workingass people making a living in manufacturing. That's over if Bezos gets his way. But it is not just manufacturing. We're looking at a moment where there are driverless vehicles all over the country. And if we don't figure this one out, we're going to lose millions of decent paying jobs in transportation. We are very worried about what we're already seeing. Many young kids graduate college and looking to find an entrylevel job. increasingly it is harder for them to find that job. We're looking at another issue where many young people today are increasingly emotionally hooked on a quote unquote relationship with an AI bot. And we worry, psychologists worry about the increased isolation that many of our kids are feeling from other human beings as they spend more and more time on their screen or lower resulting by the way in a lower cognitive capabilities, lower reading scores, etc. And then on top of all of that, there's an issue that I just had a uh meeting on uh the other day in DC. And that is you have scientists worried about the existential threat of what happens if AI becomes smarter than human beings and decides no longer to follow human control. Now, we once thought of that as a science fiction movie, right? Well, some of the leading scientists of the world think not. So, we got bottom line there is we got a whole whole whole lot of issues that we as a nation have got to deal with. This is tough stuff. But the reason that Brian is running for Congress is that all over America, people increasingly understand, I don't care if you're a conservative Republican or a socialist or a moderate, whatever you may be, they understand that the system today is not working. Trump's Trump's ratings, his favorable ratings are declining precipitously. But but Democratic Party is also very unpopular and that is where people are at. They're saying, "Who the hell is representing me?" >> All right. And that's what that's what this is all about. What we are trying to do and I want to after giving you all of this bad news and my wife always tells me we should hand out Prozac before I speak. Mass depression. There is some very good news and and that is you know people are looking around them and they're saying look I am struggling every day. I'm worried about my kids. I got, you know, my mom who's 85 is going to a nursing home, can't even find a nursing home that treats her with care. Got another parent who's sick, can't afford to go to the doctor, all of that stuff. People increasingly despise Trump, they don't have confidence in the Democratic party. So, what we are trying to do with, I think, some success and with Brian's help, what Brian's campaign is about, is build a new political movement in this country. And as I mentioned, we are having very concrete success and it ain't easy because we're taking on the most powerful people in the world. Some of you may have recalled that a few months ago uh in New York City a guy named Mr. Mandatti Zeron took on the Democratic establishment, >> took on the Republican establishment, took on the president of the United States, took on all of the oligarchs, and there are many in New York City. >> And you know what he did? He put 90,000 people out on the streets knocking on doors. And I don't care how much money is thrown against you. When you have 90,000 people out knocking on doors, nothing is going to defeat you. And just last month, a young woman who I have known for a long time, she worked on one of my presidential campaigns. Analia Mahia, she started off from New Jersey. Nobody knew who she ran for Congress. Nobody knew who she was. Completely almost completely unknown. She was a labor organizer, a community activist. She put together a strong grassroots campaign. Today she is the congresswoman from that district >> and all over this country. workingclass people understand that it is imperative that they join a union if they want decent wages and working conditions and union membership is growing. And in California right now, unions are leading an effort to tell the billionaire class in California they're going to have to start paying their fair share of taxes. >> So I think what you're seeing all across this country are people really saying enough is enough. All right. That in the richest country on earth, we should not have the highest rate of childhood poverty of almost any major country. In the richest country on earth, 20% of our seniors should not be having to try to survive on $15,000 a year or less. In the richest country on earth, 800,000 Americans, including many veterans, should not be homeless and sleeping out on the streets. Now, what the ruling class of this country, what the oligarchs want you to believe, and they do it in every way possible. They do it through the media, they do it through politics. Basically, they tell you, "Look, hey, you know, I know things are tough, but we really can't. We don't have the money to do anything. We're, you know, we just can't do it." Tell you one example just came to my mind because a friend of mine told me this, just to give you an example, a friend of mine's daughter uh works in Paris, France, and she recently had a baby and the baby had some uh complications, was in an ICU for two weeks. Paris, France. Do you know what the bill was for that woman, that family when they got out? It was zero. France spends 50% of what we spend per capita on healthcare. We spend 15,000, they spend 7,000 plus. So why in God's name can France provide health care to every man, woman, and child without out-ofpocket expense, spending half as much per capita as we can. If they can do it, we can do it. After spending $15,000 per person, we have a health care system that is broken and dysfunctional. $85 million Americans are either uninsured or underinsured. We pay the highest prices in the world for prescription drugs. One, you want to hear crazy? One out of four Americans go to the doctor, they get their prescription, they can't afford to fill it. What do you think happens if you don't take the medicine you should take? You get sicker. If you get sicker, where do you go? You go into the emergency room, which costs the health care system an enormous amount of money. We spend less than half of other countries in terms of primary care, disease prevention. How about a system which keeps our people healthy? This is the richest country on earth. And yet, despite spending so much on healthcare, our life expectancy. How long we live is shorter than virtually every other major country. Got it? And you want to hear something that no one talks about. very few people talk about is that if you are workingass in America on average you will live six years shorter than if you are wealthy. All right, I'm going to ask you all a question. Why is that? >> All right, good. You got it. All right, the answer is somebody who who said that raise your hand. All right, you got it. All right, here's the point. The point is it's not just the working class and lower income people have inadequate healthcare. That's true. But some people do have decent healthcare. The issue is that when you live with stress every day trying to figure out how you're going to pay the bills, worrying about your kids, worrying about your parents, worrying about everything, it takes a toll. I had a hearing a couple years ago. Uh it was called the physiology of poverty. And what the doctors up there told us is that when you are stressed, when you're struggling every day, it affects your body. It affects your heart, your cardiovascular system, it affects your mental health. All right? It is not too much to ask that in the richest country on the history of the world that we provide a decent standard of living and decent quality health care for all of our people so that we can live long and productive lives. Okay, >> maybe instead of dropping bombs in Iran, we should focus on how we expand our life expectancy. Now the big money interests want to tell you we can't somehow or another every other major country can provide health care to all of their people at a lower cost. We can't do it. Somehow other countries can provide decent retirement benefits. All right. I was the former chairman of the health education labor committee. We deal with things like nursing homes. Never forget as long as I live. I was in a meeting in Vermont and I said, "All right, tell me about nursing homes." The guy gets up there, never forget this, he says, "Let me tell you something. My sister-in-law told me that if she ever, ever again has to go into a nursing home, kill her before she goes in there." All right? That should not be taking place in America. We should be treating our seniors, including me, with, you know, people who worked their entire lives. You don't want to dump them into underststaffed nursing homes. You don't want to not have adequate home care for them. These are our parents. 30, 40 years ago, workers in America, many workers had what was called a defined benefit pension plan. You all know what that is. What that means is you knew stock market goes up, it goes down, doesn't matter. You knew what you were going to get every month. Part of the benefits you acrewed as a worker. I want every worker in America to have a decent defined benefit pension plan. And when so many of our seniors are struggling economically, unable to afford the health care that they need because of the co-ayments, unable to afford to heat their homes, we have got to raise social security benefits and expand the solveny of social security. And you know how you do that? >> You lift the cap on taxable income. Right now, a multi-zillionaire pays the same amount into Social Security as somebody making $180,000. Lift that cap. We increase benefits and have Social Security solve it for 75 years. And as Brian mentioned, we have got to raise the minimum wage to a livable wage. Nobody who works 40 hours a week should live in poverty. Here in Ohio and in Vermont and all over this country, we got a massive housing crisis. Do you know how many people we could put into goodaying union jobs? Building 7 million units of low-income and affordable housing. Hundreds of thousands of goodaying jobs and a highly competitive global economy. We need the best educated workforce in the world. Right now you got child care workers making minimum wage. We need to have decentpaying workers who work in child care should earn decent wages. We should have as New York City is beginning to implement under Mumani free universal child care. And you know what? It is not a radical idea to say that in a competitive global economy, all of our kids, regardless of their income, should have the right to get a higher education, either college, trade schools, without going e deeply into debt. Now when I say these things, the establishment people right-wing, I get attacked for being a farleft commie. You're >> crazy man. >> Crazy person. Imagine allowing our kids to get a higher education without going deeply in debt. What's so radical it's unthinkable? Well, to my mind, I disagree just slightly. >> I'll tell you what I think is radical. I think it is radical to give a trillion dollars in tax breaks to the 1%. I think it is radical to throw children off of SNAP programs, which I think it's radical to cut funding for education and housing and other basic needs. So brothers and sisters, in this pivotal moment in American history, the future of our country and in fact the entire planet depends upon what we do. And we know that throughout our history, this is Valley Forge High School, right? All right. We know, you know, we learned about it, how incredibly courageous it was for a relatively small number of people to take on the most powerful military in the world in the 1770s. We know the struggles of the trade union movement over the years. Men and women stood up and sometimes died fighting for decent wages and working conditions. We know the struggles of the suffragettes fighting to make sure that women in America were not treated as secondclass citizens. We know about the struggles of the abolitionists and the civil rights movement and racism in this country. We know the struggles of the gay community to achieve dignity. And every moment in every moment in history, all of those moments, a small group of Americans back in the 70s7s taking on the most powerful military in the world. Give me a break. They did it. My point is they did it then we can do it now. >> So brothers and sisters, we got a lot of work in front of us. Let's elect Brian Po Dexter for Congress. Let's change this country. Thank you very much. >> Brian's going to come here and then Chris is going to come here. Stay right here. All right. All right.