Good morning everybody and thanks so much for joining us in a very very difficult moment uh for the United States and the world. Uh today we are very pleased uh to have with us uh three very knowledgeable people on Iran, people who are Iranian uh who are going to discuss kind of a brief history of how we got to where we are uh what is happening now and maybe what will happen in the future. I am very delighted to have with us Trita Parsey who is the executive vice president of the Quincy Institute for Responsible Statecraft and founder of the National Iranian American Council. Trina, thanks so much for being with us. >> Nagab Muravi who is a journalist and a political analyst, head of the Iran podcast and senior fellow at the center for international policy. Thank you so much for being with us. >> Thank you. Great to be here. and Cena Tusi, senior research analyst at the Center for International Policy, specializing in Iran's nuclear program, sanctions, and the history of US uh Iranian negotiations. Thank you very much. Thanks for having me. >> All right. There's a lot uh to be discussed uh but I want to uh put it into a broader context than we usually do in the United States. Iran is a complicated country and it's easy to say, well, Iran's an authoritarian society. It is. But on the other hand, what we have seen in the last few years is people out on the streets fighting for women's rights. Correct. We have seen trade unions fighting for uh better wages. There are elections, not quite free elections, but there are elections and debates. Not quite Saudi Arabia, but it is it is a a a a unique type of authoritarianism, if you like. Who wants to say a little bit of a a word about the nature of Iranian society? >> I'll go after you. >> Just just to add to what you were saying. Yes. Certainly not a monolith, not a one-man show or a few men show as we sometimes see it portrayed from the west. um different various movements, civil society, a strong women's movement, as you said, the woman life freedom movement and the protest that we saw a few years ago, 2022. >> Ideology in opposition to the government. Yes. >> To the system. Absolutely. I mean, there's even debate within the system. You have more moderates within that system. You have reformists. You have more hardline or conservatives. Um and it's uh you know, it's sort of a mix of all of these. as you said, it's authoritarian as is everybody else in that neighborhood. Um, but there's also sort of these debates and these this push and pull within the society and uh it's just important to understand the nuances and the complexities. >> Nar is absolutely right and I think it's important to recognize that there has been a struggle for democracy in Iran going on for more than 100 years. uh and that that struggle has been seeking to achieve it from within by the people themselves and those differences between different factions etc are there but there has been a very explicit effort by those who want to have war to portray the country as if there are no nuances there make it as black and white as possible. There's no such thing as moderate. There's no differences of opinion within the system because it's that black and white simplified picture you need if you want to wage war. >> Right. And I would add that those are the voices that are most often ignored in Washington's debates. Like there is a part of the Iranian opposition, I would argue the most homegrown, organic, grassroots part of the opposition within the country that has been opposed both to the authoritarianism of the Islamic Republic as well as foreign intervention and military intervention. And those are voices that have led movements in Iran and organized people, prominent labor unions, independent labor unions. And sadly, those aren't the voices that are amplified here. >> Amplified would be an exaggeration, virtually unheard of here. I mean, it's just easy to say >> uh Iran authoritarian end of discussion, but it is a very different type society in Saudi Arabia and many of the other countries. All right, take us back 75 years again to a part of history that I suspect many Americans don't know. What happened in 1953? >> Iran was an embryotic democracy. had a parliament that elected a prime minister. People participated in those elections. Now, that prime minister had the audacity of wanting to have Iran's oil revenue, at least 50% of it, actually go back to the Iranian people. The Brits, extremely radical. The Brits at the time at the time were pumping out Iranian oil and keeping all of the revenue for themselves. >> The Brits did not accept 50%. They counted, I believe, with only allowing Iran to to receive five to 10%. Uh that didn't work because Madak stood firm. And this is a during the era of decolonization and independence movements throughout the world. Um and the Brits tried very hard to convince the United States that you need to get rid of Mosadak. At first, they were unsuccessful until they figured out that magical argument that always worked with the United States during the Cold War. They couldn't say that Musadak was a communist. Instead they said he may turn communist and as a result he needs to be removed and eventually the CIA and the British intelligence removed him reinstalled the shaw as the sole decision they all let everybody hear. >> So back in 1953 Iran was a fledgling democracy. They elected a democratic leader who thought maybe it would be good idea for the profits from Iranian oil to stay in Iran. And he was overthrown. Right. There was a coup led by Britain with the help of the American CIA. That was the case. >> Correct. >> And then what happened after that? >> Well, that I would say is I mean historians say that's one of the foundations of what led to the 1979 revolution. I mean the anti-Americanness that is very much you know within all political factions of the Iranian society from the left to the right the Islamist Islamic Republic is shared and it all goes back to 1953 to the coup the successful coup which was by the way used as a blueprint for other coups that the CIA launched across the world and uh the humiliation also that came for that the audacity that you want the revenue from your own natural resource to go to your own people um and the fact that the Britain and the US were able to do that and then deny it also for many many years it was denied the information wasn't declassified and they were just call calling Iranians delusional and I would point this to something else many Americans may not know everyone's heard of the hostage crisis but one of the reasons or the key reason those revolutionary students went into the US embassy was because they thought maybe the CIA from this very embassy is going to launch another coup and take over this revolution that is just winning in the country So this all at least in the uh US Iran relationship the core of this always goes back to 1953 for Iranians. >> So any want to add anything to that? Yeah, I would say you know in the broader historical context I mean the Mushate coup led to 25 years of a dictatorship under the US back sha wasn't a black and white period especially in retrospect for many Iranians but he was it was a very authoritarian regime backed by the United States and the broader historical landscape that led to the 1979 revolution was really you know over a century two centuries of colonialism seeding territory that many other countries in the global south experience to set the grounds for this revolution and this kind of strong fight for sovereignty that Iran has been fighting and independence for the past many decades. >> Talk a little bit about life in Iran under the sha. What was that about? >> From a social standpoint, Iran was much more free than it is today. Socially was really completely open. Uh but politically it was still very very repressive. the power was entirely in the hands of the Shaw unlike the current system in which the power is dispersed throughout an entire system which actually makes it much more resilient much more difficult to uh get rid of uh internally or externally whereas all of the decision-m ultimately was in the hands of the Sha. Uh I remember an Israeli um diplomat was stationed in Iran at the time told me that three Iranian generals did not dare to call for a meeting just to discuss what they would have for lunch next week out of a fear that the Iranian secret service would believe that they were plotting to do a coup against the sha. So it was much more of that type of an East German type of a um uh authoritarian state but at the same time socially was completely free and open compared to what it is today. Today it is very repressive uh socially uh less so perhaps in some aspects because the victories of the mass amini protest actually are very real in terms of the hijab but on the broader sense still very repressive and then politically it is still extremely repressive but nevertheless with a hybrid in which there are groupings there are elections not entirely free elections in any way shape or form and at the same time I think we have to say a lot of Iranians have lost faith in that process the belief belie that change could come from the system from within the system from those elections have been lost because they have seen that it has not delivered in the last 20 years that however does not mean that the only alternative is for the United States to bomb the country let's get that >> okay all right 53 a coup of the sha Islamic revolution in 79 uh and uh where we are today And all right, what why did this war take place? What's the origins? What do you think? I mean, it's hard. Depends on who you ask, who you listen to on which day. It has been the reasoning has been anywhere from the nuclear program, which was supposedly obliterated last June. I mean, that statement still exists on the White House website. I checked today. The nuclear program was obliterated. Anyone who says otherwise is fake news. That's the statement. Um, >> but that's why we went into this war. >> I guess that was one of the reasons. >> Um, Iran's missile programs, uh, potentially being a threat to the US, which they can't reach. Uh, democracy or freedom, freedom for the Iranian people is something that's been mentioned. I, you know, I haven't seen any kind of help or support or freedom coming from these bombs that are falling on civilian infrastructure. >> That he would like to select the next leader of Iran, right? elected next leader specifically mentioned who he doesn't want which happened to be I think the last vote for that person and now we have that person as the next supreme leader of Iran. So I think the the reasoning just doesn't make sense from the viewpoint of the US it's an unpopular war as we know in the America in the US American society there's no appetite for these endless wars in the Middle East. The reason is people see there have been failures trillion dollar wars American blood and treasure loss and things didn't get better. I mean, look at Afghanistan. Women's rights was one of the promises of the war in Afghanistan. And the status of women's and girls in Afghanistan is arguably worse than it was before the US invasion. Same in Iraq, Syria, Libya. This is something I think Americans understand how they didn't help. They essentially did more harm. And those societies also understand and the Iranians also understand. Iran is situated between Afghanistan and Iraq. They look to the neighbors and I would say majority of Iranians are afraid of the situation which is not something they want. They want change in the status quo. But things can also get worse if you turn out to be the next Libya, for example. >> All right. So, uh, what role does Israel have in all of this? Who's calling the tunes here? >> Is it Trump or Netanyahu? Yeah, it really goes back to Trump's first term as well with, you know, leaving the Iran nuclear deal at the calling of Netanyahu and, you know, some of Trump's biggest donors like Sheldon Adlesen, who's a top Trump's donor in 2016. Um, and Trump, I think, you know, in retrospect, Iran will shape largely on his legacy that he killed this nuclear deal trying to kill Obama's signature foreign policy achievement. He went lock step with Netanyahu and kind of prominent hardline pro-Israel voices in America in this idea that they can basically do regime change and it'll be low cost. And I think Trump was led to believe in the past couple years that the Iranian regime is brittle, that one more push and it'll collapse. And that was arguably, you know, it's now been proven to be misguided. And there it's a huge cost now. The straight of Hormuz is closed. There's US bases throughout the region have been targeted. Israel is being hit hard and the regime is not showing signs of collapse and the US has now entered this quagmire. >> I could add one thing there. I think it's really important to recognize the administration has given so many different justifications. It's constantly changing his story. It doesn't have a story at the end of the day. But one of the stories that they put out there is to say what Marco Rubio said, which is that the reason why there was an imminent threat was because Israel was about to attack Iran and the US side believed that Iran would then retaliate against the United States and as a result the US had no choice apparently to attack Iran where reality it did have a choice. The choice would have been to make sure that Israel did not endanger US troops instead of letting the Israelis decide when the United States goes to war. So there's so many conflicting stories that have been put out there. Not a single one of them have been convincing. In reality, there was no imminent threat. It's not Iran that put all of its navy outside of the shores of the United States. It's Trump that put one-third of its navy of the United States's navy in the Persian Gulf in the Arabian Sea. Um I think so I speak for myself not for you. Uh that a lot of uh US Middle East policy is dictated by Israel. Uh that I think uh Rubio probably had it right. Uh that it was Israel who decided they wanted to go to war. And after 40 years of wanting to see this, Netanyahu finally got his wish. I mean, Netanyahu has wanted this for 40 years. Netanyao was the guy that told us, "Urge the United States to get involved in Iraq. There'd be clean and and easy war." What is, if that is true, what is Israel's goal? What what do they want by not only uh decimating the leadership in uh Iran, not only attacking the infrastructure, but also going into Lebanon as well? I think Lebanon is not getting a lot of attention, but uh I saw something which is really quite shocking that something like 10% of the entire population of Lebanon uh some 700,000 or 800,000 people have been displaced from their homes. That's rather extraordinary. Incredible. All right. What is Israel's goal in this whole thing? >> I think it's important to recognize that Israel believes that its security is achieved by dominating the region. It is not seeking security by balancing threats or managing threats, but he actually has to dominate the region. So for it to have total security, everyone else has have to have total insecurity. And as a result, it's seeking its domination over Syria, over Lebanon. These are countries that Israel can bomb at will with impunity without US involvement. It was also seeking the same objective with Iran. So it's not looking for a different regime. It doesn't care if the next Supreme Leader's name is Moshtab Hassan or Ali. That's not of relevance. What's of relevance is that Iran does not have any capabilities military, economic, political, to pose a challenge to Israel's desire for domination out of its belief of security. And what this war is achieving from the Israeli standpoint is exactly that. Iran is being blown up to pieces. Even if it may have military capabilities left and deterrence through its missile, it is nevertheless being set back 10, 15, 20 years. And that is a major achievement from the Israeli standpoint. From the US standpoint, it is not because all we're doing is destabilizing the entire region, undermining global markets, undermining regional allies who are terrified about the consequences of this. But Israel is by and large insulated from those consequences and as a result does not care. The question is why is it that the Trump administration has gone along with a war that serves Israel's interest depending on how they define their interest but does not advance US interest. >> I think um I agree with Trita and I think for the Israelis it doesn't matter a weak state it could be a failed state it could be multiple states. We saw, for example, the Kurdish issue being discussed, having Kurds insurgents come into Iran from the western border, potentially weaken the central government and have, you know, the central government deal with these issues on and on and on so that it can't pose a threat in any way uh to Israel. And then for the Iranian people, I mean, you see rhetoric from Israeli leaders that on democracy, women's rights, helping Iranians build a better future, all of that. And none of this is happening. It's just bombing and bombing that from the viewpoint of a civilian in Iran across the country and not just in Thran seems indiscriminate and it's just, you know, attacking whatever and whoever and um destroying infrastructure that's going to take years to do reconstruction with a country that's under sanctions and um I mean this illusion that some may have had before this war and especially before the June war that there is such thing as freedom bombs somehow they can bomb you into freedom. I think speaking to people at least on the ground that they're much more cleareyed about how this is >> you all I think uh have friends and family in in Iran right now. What are you hearing in terms of what's going on? >> So my family, a lot of them have evacuated to other parts of the country from Tan. Uh my grandmother it's I talked to her yesterday actually. She's still in Tan and it was very sad cuz she's in her 90s and she was saying that cuz her hearing is not good. But she's like, I can't really even hear, so I don't hear any bombs. And it really made me sad. But also, you know, this kind of bittersweet in a way. Um, but my uncle, my cousin, I mean, all Yeah, they're all there. It's terrifying. People are getting bombed. Another relative was driving on a street and bombs were coming down and then they kind of got out at the last minute. They were going to jump in a these sewer things and then but they ducked behind something else and their car got hit and they took shrapnel to the face and they're in the hospital right now. So there's all these mounting civilian tolls. >> I also have family, friends, uh people I speak to, a lot of them evacuated Tan to other parts of the country and also some have left Iran that could you can leave through the land with Turkey border and um it's just very horrific that it seems indiscriminate. People don't know where the next target is and this also happens in smaller towns and cities. I was speaking to someone in Tyran who said we can't feel safe even sleeping in our apartment. We sleep in the hallway of the apartment building to stay far away from windows and the country doesn't really have a war infrastructure like in Israel. There's sirens, there's shelters, none of that. So they basically there's no detection, no air defense uh really. There's no sirens. They just say we hear the jets or the explosion and that's how we know an attack happened. I spoke to someone yesterday who told me that now the Israelis have started to target banks. This is inter banks. This is interpreted by the Iranians as an effort to collapse the state. But this is clearly a civilian target. Banks in Iran are in the middle of the neighborhoods or streets just as it is in the United States. Uh they've been ordered to try to stay away one kilometer away from banks. But how do you do that? This because this is in the middle of the city. So no, people are absolutely terrified and I think particularly after the bombing of the refineries and the oil plants in Tehran, it's just terrible. >> What was the environmental impact of the bombing of the refineries? >> Smoke covered the entire city. People could not breathe and then you had rain come with acid rain and you know mixed with oil uh for the next day or so. So the any idea as Nagar said that these are freedom bombs, any idea that this is only targeting the repressive capabilities of the state in order to get rid of this specific theocracy. I think for a lot of people are sitting in Iran and are facing the fact that they no longer can breathe in their own city is just completely unconvincing. >> Okay. And we're looking at mounting civilian casualties schools. I mean talk about that one school, the har. >> Yeah. 175 children were killed or something. >> Yes. Um so this was this was on the first day of the war. One of the first targets essentially before the war started. This is a target list that you have weeks if not months to prepare and work. On the first moments of the war before Iran started shooting back one of the targets was an elementary school in a southern city of Mino where it was hit with two strikes se uh by about a half hour separated. So in the initial strike kills a bunch of students and staff and then staff call the parents um some of some of the people who are still alive to come and collect their kids and they gather everyone in a prayer room and then comes the second strike. So 170 80 people most of them children aged 7 to 12 in a small city that's far away from Thran. Many Iranians have never even heard of the city of Mino workingclass middle class uh Iranians and the justification I mean first of all they said we didn't do it it was Iranians themselves and then turn out it was actually tomahawks that Iran doesn't have and this was targeting because supposedly uh 10 years before the school was part of a bigger Navy infrastructure but if you look at civilian and publicly available uh maps since 10 years uh past uh you can see that It's a school and so whatever the error was it's it's just been a horrific horrific tragedy and this is I think the moment you know like the mi moment in the Vietnam war that usually comes in the thick of war you know this is when both start shooting and then things get murky but to have this as the opening of a war that you claim is surgical that's not against civilians we thought when the US enters the war with Israel there would be some rules of engagement some respect for international law, you know, a little different type of fighting, but no, I mean, if you ask elementary schools in the city of Mino, it certainly isn't. And I just think it's horrific. Human Rights Watch has said this should be investigated as a war crime. And um I just don't know how people can wrap their head around this. >> I think and that is not the only school as I understand that that has been involved. And what about health facilities, >> hospitals, schools have been damaged, different infrastructure, oil refineries, water dalination, and then just random, you know, infrastructure that's either around a target um or have been targeted. You know, the reasoning is not really clear to people, banks, roads, people's homes, you know, these are historical sites. >> The Kalistan Palace in Tan has been damaged. certain beautiful old palaces and mosques in Esvahan have been damaged and they actually bombed the Esvahan governor's palace which is right next to this famous square in Esvahan which the I mean the governor's house or res office I think it was but you know that is in itself a very questionable target I mean you're trying to again destroy the state and the rep the vibrations of that damage all these beautiful mosques and tile work dating back hundreds of years in this famous square in Esan >> is this are these Israeli planes or American planes or are they working in coordination? >> The school appears to have been American of course, but much of the rest, particularly Tehran, is very hardly hit by the Israelis and there seems to be an AI element involved as it was in Gaza as well. So for instance, there's a park in Tehran that is called Park Police Park. Has nothing to do with the police, but it's called police park. It was struck and it appears that >> because of the word police. because of the word police. It's just a park. It appears that these targets are identified by AI with no human oversight or verification as to whether they're actually legitimate or actually even serves any purpose. >> Well, the office of civilian protection in the Pentagon was also cut very short by this administration because they're not fighting quote unquote uh uh politically correct wars or they're not fighting quote unquote with any stupid rules of engagement. So this is, you know, not just an accident. This is by design. When you cut people who are supposed to come and look at these targets and double check and make sure you're not harming civilians. >> Well, I mean, again, as an American, what has disturbed me very much is what Trump is doing is completely undermining international law. Not only the Constitution of the United States, which says it is Congress that determines whether we go to war or not, but international law. Let's be clear. A nation does not have the right to unilaterally attack another nation without provocation. Right? Iran was not a threat. All right? That is a violation of international order. At the same time, we essentially assassinate the entire leadership of the country or the major part of the leadership. And you do this and I want you to tell me if I'm right or wrong here in the midst of negotiations which at least some people were saying we're making progress. So you're bombing I'm negotiating with you and then I kill you. Rather strange way to end a negotiation but am I right wrong here? >> It's the law of the jungle. You know Trump started this really in his first term even when he assassinated the Iranian general Solmani who was in Baghdad. He was killed at the Baghdad international airport apparently on the way to deliver some kind of diplomatic message to Saudi Arabia to negotiate the talks with Saudi Arabia. And now this is a door. It's a Pandora's box that what Trump has opened that can have far-reaching ramifications. I think Gaza also greatly contributed to it, but it's going to end bad for us Americans as well. >> Well, I think it ends badly for the for the world. I mean, out of you and you got know more about this stuff than I do, but at the end of World War II, there was a coming together of nations that said, "Look, we've just gone through a horrible war. 50 million people were killed. Let's try to create some rules of engagement. Create the United Nations." see how we can maybe end war, minimize war. And now you're back to the war of the jungle. So you tell me absolutely >> if the United States can unilaterally on its own for its own reasons with Israel attack Iran, you tell me why. Give me the justification. If you're working for the State Department right now, if uh China were to invade uh Taiwan tomorrow, tell us why you think it's a bad idea. They should don't have the right to do that. Can you make that case? department will have no leg to stand on >> in that scenario because we have systematically and deliberately tried to degrade if not completely destroy the norms around the use of force and international law. These laws were often times and these institutions were built by the United States as a leading power because we recognized that at the end of the day, even when we were one of the strongest nations and when we were the strongest nations, we still needed the protection of international law and institutions in order to constrain the behavior of others. Now, we're moving towards a world that is much more multipolar. We have actually less relative power than we did before. We have a greater need as a result for these institutions and these norms to constrain rival states. Instead, we are actually undermining them. >> Right? I mean, Putin now is smiling and say, "Well, look, sure, I invaded Ukraine. What's your problem, right? You're doing exactly the same thing. North Korea could throw missiles into South Korea tomorrow, right? What are you going to say?" So I mean I think we all know that you know the last international law of the UN have been far from perfect but at least it is an attempt to bring people together in a civilized way to try to work out differences rather than killing each other. >> All right. So what's going to happen? I know nobody knows what's going to happen tomorrow but give us your best sense of where we are today and what the future looks like. >> I fear that unfortunately things are going to get much worse. Trump, I think, has understood that this is not going the way he thought. That this plan A of his crashed down in just a couple of days, and now he's desperately trying to hide the lack of a strategy behind the noise of more and more bombs falling on Tehran. He's trying to turn this debacle into a success before the American public reacts, realizes what's going on, and starts to pressure him, particularly his own base. The Iranians are trying to do exactly the opposite. They're trying to squeeze the international economy, the oil markets in order to get gas prices, inflation up in this country so that they pressure Trump to stop this war. And Trump is desperately without a strategy trying to turn this into a victory before that happens. >> Yeah, I agree with and for the Iran, we have to understand the Iranian side is fighting an existential war. I mean, this is a battle of survival for them. Look at the rhetoric. Look at the conduct of the war, the assassination of their top leaders and the regime change rhetoric and they saw this coming after June. They had been waiting for it essentially preparing it even when they were going to negotiations. Iranian officials would say we have our finger on the trigger assuming that they're going to attack us again which is what they did in June after rounds of negotiations between Steve Wkov and the Iranian foreign minister. They attacked and then they did it again. But I think that this thinking in Iran or sort of this change in defense policy or doctrine is that if we don't stop it this time and essentially establish enough deterrence, we're going to turn into the next Lebanon, next Syria, next Gaza, and this low mo mowing the lawn or mowing the grass is going to happen to us every six months, every eight months, every year coming back attacking again. So, you know, it's a very big gamble they're taking a very big risk at a very high cost. you know, especially the civilian cost on the Iranian side, almost 1500 people killed, lots of infrastructure damage. But their thinking is they have to fight this to a point where enough deterrence is established. They're essentially referring to Trump as a bully. And they're saying the bully will keep coming back to us if we project weakness, which we have. We have shown restraint in the past. We have shown that we're predictable. We have given him offramps when he assassinated the top general Solmani when the June war happened. So this time they're they have promised and threatened and they did that they're going to escalate, they're going to expand it in the region, spread the pain and create sort of a deterrence to stop this from happening again. >> Yeah. And I think you know putting aside the very consequential damages to international law norms that we just discussed about there's many costs this this conflict is really presenting for just strategically for America just on real politic terms. I mean, Iran has been hitting back in a very strategically consequential way. It's hit, it's destroyed, you know, THAAD air defenses, radar facilities in Saudi Arabia and Jordan. A lot of US bases in the region have been hit. The US is now moving THAAD missile batteries from South Korea that it got there in 2017 18 after a huge political uproar. The China started, there was a big political battle in South Korea. Now that's being moved to Asia to West Asia, to the Middle East. And so you know I >> to Ukraine are also being impacted >> to Ukraine. So this is a total strategic fiasco arguably and self-defeating for America and Iran you know has demonstrated this leverage for closing the straight of Hormuz and the US really has no good military options. If it attempts a ground invasion tries to hit more critical Iranian infrastructure Iran has the means to hit back harder against critical infrastructure in the Gulf and things will just get even more dire for the global economy. You don't I mean Trump is fairly crazy, but I don't think he's that crazy to put American troops on the ground in Iran. Do you think? >> I would not rule it out at all. You would not? >> No. I think he is doubling down. He's throwing bad good money after bad. >> Um and I fear that there will be some attempt. It probably will not be some sort of Iraq style invasion that would require more than 300,000 troops. That would take months to mobilize, but that there will be special forces and and other measures that will be done. again desperately trying to turn this into a victory. And I think that unfortunately this entire premise of this war and these negotiations was on this false belief that Iran is a paper triger. It will be very easy. You will be the president that finally we'll get rid of this theocracy. It's the biggest thing you can achieve. And he went in unprepared. He did not have a plan B after plan A crashed down. And now we're seeing a war that is being improvised. I think maybe it was you Nar who had mentioned American media covering the war. Was it to you? I think you you're on a TV show. >> How was American media covering the war? Are they >> covering it in in what you would call an objective way? >> Not enough. Not objective. I mean, I don't want to generalize the entirety of the media, but mainstream media, legacy media, the gatekeepers, cable news, which most Americans follow, is not covering enough, is not covering objectively. I mean the way Iranian children hit at an elementary elementary school are covered is very different than let's say if um Russia had opened the war in Ukraine with something like that or if Iran had done this in Israel they haven't yet or the way Israel for example attacks on Gaza uh is covered in the media you know that has been discussed a lot by by analysts and media observers but in general I think sort of the dehumanization of those societies is what starts and it eventually leads to these wars in Afghanistan. We saw that in Iraq. We saw that in Iran, we see it in Gaza with the Palestinians. And um it's just um you know, I think a disservice to the American public. This is a public that uh understands to some extent that they don't want this more, but the media can do such a much better job as far as um explaining, you know, the realities and the nuances. There's limited access. I'll give them that. So CNN was just on the ground in Iran actually doing excellent reporting Fred Pleum. But when you look at for example the opinion side or the debate shows the other day they had on CNN uh a reporter in Tel Aviv to give you the mood on the ground in Tel Aviv and then an Israeli to give you what Iranians think and the Israeli journalist was saying that Iranians in Iran are happy that they're being bombed and the way the US and Israel are conducting the war. This is CNN. So the the media coverage I think is absolutely a disservice to the American public. Not all media are the same, but uh the way it's being treated, the dehumanization is at the core of it. And also taking political rhetoric from officials at face value, not really challenging it much. I mean, it took about two weeks for the school uh attack to really get into the headlines, get into the news and be scrutinized the way I think it should have been earlier. thoughts on all right um what's going to happen in the next few weeks months thoughts I mean key things I'll be watching is like where we're heading up on the escalation ladder if because you know Iran still has options available to it as does the US obviously so the desalinization plan was very concerning there was a tit for that there if they try to you know take some territory from Iran around the straight of horn moose that can that'll be a quagmire, but Iran could, you know, retaliate by hitting critical Saudi infrastructure. Like there's a lot of things that Iran can hit that it hasn't hit, including pipelines that circumvent the trade of Hormuz. The Houthies haven't really gotten involved that much. Um, so things can get a lot worse from both sides. So I'm going to be watching some of these critical flash points, see where Trump decides to escalate and how Iran then decides to counter escalate. >> I'm also watching the Gulf countries, you know, these countries that are sort of in a double bind. They have been hosting US bases for many years supposedly to protect them for defense and now from Iran's viewpoint that entire infrastructure is used in a war of aggression against Iran. And so some of them I really think have a hard time choosing between the two sides or don't even want to choose them. Countries like Oman, Qatar, uh even Saudi Arabia who's had a taunt with Iran I think are in a difficult position. And then there's there other parts of the Gulf who are treated differently. But Iran is trying to essentially spread the pain to these countries and send a different message about the presence of US bases, US you know infrastructure in that region and how it's used uh in this war in this aggression against them and to in I would say maybe in an indirect way try to pressure them to see if they can pressure the US and then also change the trajectory of their you know defense relationship with the US in the future after the war. True. >> One of the things I'm very worried about, and we started off talking about this, which was the struggle for democracy in Iran, and I fear that what we're seeing now with this war is really going to set it back dramatically. I do not believe that the likelihood of this theocy theocracy falling is particularly great. And when you take a look at it, you just go back 10 years and you ask yourself, could we have pursued a different path? If we truly genuinely would like to see Iran move in that direction, if we had not pulled out of the JCPA, if Trump had not pulled out of the JCPA and sanctions would have been lifted in a longer period of time, the Iranian economy would have grown significantly. It grew about 67% for those two years that sanctions were lifted before Trump pulled it out. By now, the Iranian middle class would have probably been the largest one in the entire Middle East. it would have been in a position of strength visav this repressive system and state to push back and demand greater freedoms. Instead, we pulled out of these agreements, reimposed sanctions. Between 2018 and 2019, onethird of Iran's middle class went into poverty as a result of these sanctions. People then started to, of course, go out and protest. But with a decimated middle class, they were protesting from a position of despair and desperation rather than position uh protesting from a position of strength. Now with this decision to have Mushta become the next supreme leader and this regime still standing in place in some ways perhaps even gotten stronger because of this attack. I'm very very worried what we may have done to the cause of democracy in Iran. >> All right. Anyone want to add anything to what we've talked about? >> I'll just add to what Trto was saying. I'm also worried about that. I share that concern that the more militaristic uh you know hard core of the Islamic Republic, the unelected bodies, the security uh intelligence, the IRGC, those establishments are going to consolidate even more power as a result of this and essentially come on top at the end of the war. And that's going to have ramifications at least in the medium term for the Iranian society, the civil society, the closing of the political space of um you know a lot of achievements that um these movements have made. So it's it's worrying and it's going to be certainly a direct result of this war. >> Okay. Cena, any last thoughts or >> um No, I think you guys concluded on a good note. Yeah, it's very concerning what it means for the people in Iran. Very >> anything you want to add? Thank you so much for having us and I do hope that the American public respond to this illegal unjust war that really does not serve US interests in the same manner that they have to previous wars. >> I certainly agree. Um you know if we look back on the history of this country in the United States uh from the very beginning people fought for human rights many exceptions to that slavery women's rights uh and and led the world in the struggle for democracy uh and at the end of World War II tried to build an international structure uh to maybe tame war at least conduct bring about rules of law, bring about negotiations instead of invasions, created the United Nations. And what as I mentioned earlier, what upsets me very very much is what a terrible setback this is. Uh what Trump is doing is giving a green light to any dictator in the world, any government in the world that wants to go to war and use the word dehumanizing. You know, bombing schools really killing people you're negotiating with. Really? Is that what this country is about? I think it's not. And I think the American people understand that that is not what we are supposed to be about. Not to mention the fact that we have so many of our people struggling economically. People want to build schools in this country, not destroy schools in Iran. You know, you want to feed people in this country, not bomb hospitals uh in Tran. So, uh there's a lot of work to be done. Uh and I just want to I I have felt the reason I've asked you here today is I just uh believe there has not been the kind of serious discussion that we need in this country understanding Iran uh and American foreign policy. So, I want to thank you all very much for being here. >> Thank you so much. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you all.