Okay. Okay, 5 4 3 2 1. Thank you all very much for joining us this afternoon and a special thanks to Dr. Jane Sanders. I know her very well. She does a good job and David Sanders uh the Sanders Institute uh the Sanders Institute tries to focus on some of the most important issues facing our country and what we're going to be discussing today certainly is one of those issues and I also want to thank Congressman Ro Khanna, I think he's most people know Ro has been a leader on so many issues uh in the house uh in my view has done an extraordinary job. Ro, thanks very much uh for being with us and we're also delighted to have uh Naomi Klein with us. Naomi is one of the outstanding writers uh in America. Uh her book The Shock Doctrine shocked the business class got them upset. It was a very important book and she has written many others since and you're working on a book on AI right now, is that correct? Yeah. Okay. All right, the issue that we're talking about right now is an issue of enormously profound consequence. And every day we find the American people more and more worried about what's going on. Every day there's another article in some magazine or newspaper about another breakthrough that is taking place. Bottom line is this is not according to me, but it's according to people who know a lot more than I do. This AI robotics revolution is the most sweeping technological change that the world has ever seen. And people talk about the changes that the Industrial Revolution brought, which were profound. This is going to move a lot faster with a lot more impact. Uh according, for example, the Demis Hassabis, who is the head of Google DeepMind the AI revolution will be 10 times bigger than the Industrial Revolution and 10 times faster. 10 * 10 is 100. It will have a hundred times the impact of uh the Industrial Revolution. A lot of issues uh to discuss, but let me start it off uh with Ro and Naomi by telling them what they already know what most of Americans know. This revolution is being pushed by the wealthiest people in the world. We're talking about Elon Musk uh Jeff Zuckerberg uh uh uh Jeff Bezos uh Peter Thiel and other multi multi-billionaires who are spending hundreds and hundreds, if not trillions of dollars combined uh trying to do the research and the implementation for these technologies. So, let me start off with a question for Naomi and Ro. And I think it's important for us to do with What are the motives of these guys? Do the American people think that uh Jeff Bezos and Elon Musk are sitting up nights saying, "Wow, we got this technology. We're going to improve life for working people. Wow, that's what we want to do." Naomi, what do you think their motives are? Well, their motives are exactly the opposite and they're very blunt about this that how that they are in a race to reach something that they call AGI, artificial general intelligence, or even something beyond that, super intelligence. And the way Sam Altman defines AGI is the point after which the majority of economically important human activities the work that we do, in other words, is replaced by by machine learning. So, they So, I mean, I agree with you that it is a revolutionary technology, that it is going to transform our economy on the scale of the Industrial Revolution, but unlike the Industrial Revolution, which created huge numbers of jobs um the goal of this revolution is to eliminate jobs. So, we don't know whether they will achieve what they're trying to achieve, but they've been absolutely transparent about what they want to achieve, which is a jobs apocalypse. So, we can't really have these debates about whether this going to be good or bad a particular technology, whether something um you know, is going to make things safer or not when what we know about this system and these individuals is that they break unions um with great aggressiveness. Um they want to be free from their workers. They really don't like it when their workers organize and push back, whether in unions or outside of unions. And I think that's part of the appeal of AI for these guys is the idea that they could become trillionaires with virtually no employees. I think that that might be their idea of heaven. Ro, what's their motives? You and Ro represent Silicon Valley where a lot of these guys live and work. What's your sense, Ro? And they're upset at me because of our billionaire tax that we've Yes, I know. proposed. But first of all, thank you Senator Sanders for having us. It's an honor to be here with Naomi Klein, whose work I've I've read and admired. And for of course, thank you to Dr. Jane Sanders and David for convening this and having these convenings on important issues around the country. We are not just asked about the news of the day and who's up and who's down, but actually the issues facing the nation. You know, Naomi is absolutely right. I mean, they want to eliminate jobs. It's what they say. I mean, Elon Musk has said he wants to he believes he AI will eliminate all jobs. And the question is how do you use technology? Uh we could consider a positive use of technology, technology to help workers get a medical diagnosis to make them healthier. That's not their use of technology. They're not saying, "How do we use technology to empower workers?" They're using technology to eliminate workers and maximize their profits. And if you look at the Industrial Revolution, for 60 years worker wages fell. For 60 years income inequality fell, even as Britain became wealthy. And so, the question in my view for AI is are we going to let a few billionaires, trillionaires, call the shots, or are we going to make sure that the technology is actually used in any way to enhance workers, to enhance total productivity? And one other point, you don't enhance total productivity if you're just eliminating a worker with a machine because you're still producing the same amount of things. What moves a society forward is when workers actually become more productive and they get a share of the wealth. And that's not their their vision. All right. Help me out here. Explain to people what we all already seeing in terms of uh economics. Just one example, let me start the discussion off in in this way. Uh last month I was with Ro up in Stanford. When we were there, we met with a bunch of folks and we were in uh uh Berkeley. Uh and we uh took a ride on a a Waymo. And I trust everybody knows what a Waymo is. It's a driverless vehicle. So, they're all over San Francisco now. And the driverless uh car companies are expanding throughout the country. Uh in Texas, as we speak, there are 18-wheeler trucks on the road without a human being in it. 18 wheels. Uh the guess is, again, people who know more than I do, that unless we rethink this, in 10 15 years, there will not be truck drivers in America. There will not be bus drivers, cab drivers, Uber drivers. There will be a loss of millions and millions of jobs. And in terms of AI, we're already seeing the impact on young people in terms of uh young college kids having a hard time getting entry-level jobs. So, what do you guys think? Naomi, what are you saying? I mean seeing this, you know, I teach I teach university students and hearing these types of stories firsthand, um particularly in the arts, I mean, it might seem um you know, and it's particularly ironic because this is something I think we need to foreground when we think about these technologies is that they were built based on what I would describe as theft. I mean, I I Anthropic [clears throat] uh has a you can do a you can do a search to find out how many of your books they stole. Mine's nine, you know? Um so, but it isn't just books. It's it's all of our social media platforms. >> that up. Not everybody is as knowledgeable as you are. So, what does it mean that they have now absorbed millions of books and all kinds of things? >> of art. Um because the model of this, you know, what they're called large language models, they have scraped the entire internet. They have scraped all of human knowledge and culture. Every written word, every image that exists, it has just been enclosed. It has been privatized and used to train these models. So, there are a few lawsuits that have allowed us to find out, okay, how did you train these models? Because, of course, they don't want to disclose this information. But but we do know. They're they're training it on journalism in order to replace it, right? So, um so, I'm hearing this from a lot of young people that, you know, say people who would have gotten who had gotten entry jobs as animators have then lost those jobs. So, that's just one piece of it. Um I'm also hearing that the only jobs that are on offer for young graduates are jobs training AIs, right? So, basically to translate their biology degree into machine learning. Um and there is this acute awareness of like I am I am training this robot in order to make sure that I never have a job. And there's something very very bleak about that. Now, if we lived in a world that took care of people, right? That where um you know, if if if if a job was eliminated, people had a guaranteed income, um they knew that they had health care, they knew that they weren't going to get evicted, we'd be having a different conversation. But, you know, Senator Sanders, I appreciate so much, I think because of your long track record dealing with these companies and knowing how Amazon treats its workers, knowing how Facebook treats its workers, that this is not going to suddenly be the exception where all of a sudden these companies care [laughter] about working people. Well, well, I think it's so important to realize uh the billionaires. And I've shared before that there 19 billionaires who have over $3 trillion of wealth, 12 and 1/2% of GDP. It's three times the wealth concentration as the Gilded Age with Rockefeller, Carnegie, Morgan. And yeah, they built businesses, but it was built on both massive public investment and extraction. Let me explain briefly both. Uh the public investment, I mean, the internet was created by NSF funding from UCLA to Stanford. It is uh tax dollars that funded the creation of AI. And a lot of that was done at ImageNet at Stanford, at Dartmouth, uh done at the University of Toronto in Canada. And then you look at the extraction, what you're talking about, Naomi, that they are literally taking data from every American. Uh they are uh taking content uh in terms of what they're actually building their models on. Uh they are, as Senator Sanders led, underpaying workers with public subsidies. I mean, that was the whole Amazon fight that they're basically getting uh workers subsidized by tax dollars uh and not paying them a fair wage. They're engaged in stock buybacks. So, it's not like they've had a clean uh way of building uh these fortunes. And so, when I when they say, "Well, don't how have we built this money?" And I say, "Well, the reason I believe you should have a tax on billionaires of 5% is because you had massive public subsidy and there was massive uh exploitation, extractiveness in the economy that allowed you to do that. Now, with this money, I think we do two things. One, my view is we should have regulations saying you have to have truck drivers on a truck. I mean, I don't want planes without a pilots. Uh you know, we want to have I don't want 6 million people uh left out in uh without a job. Uh but beyond that, I suggested we use this money to create a work for America program where the federal government models of Roosevelt hiring people to do things to build community, to build rebuild their towns, to rebuild the country, uh not just becoming uh data folks. I mean, doing things for the parks and health care and community. Uh and I in my view, that would be something that could be a generation patriotic jobs agenda. Uh let me just mention, when we talk about the economy, how bold and aggressive these guys are. Um the Wall Street Journal reported uh recently that Jeff Bezos wants to raise $100 billion to to do what? To automate factories in America and around the world. In English, you know what that means? It means there will no longer be manufacturing jobs in the United States or in warehouses. He wants to get rid of the 600,000 Amazon workers, replace them with robots. Elon Musk is converting Tesla, uh at least partially, to a robotics company. He wants to produce a million robots a year. And as these guys just said, what do you think a robot is there for? It's to replace a human worker. I don't know, nobody knows what these robots will cost, but assuming 20 or 30,000 dollars, that's a hell of a lot cheaper than paying somebody 60, 70, 80,000 dollars a year, health benefits, vacation time, dealing with unions, and so forth, and so on. That is what we are looking at economically. And the polling is really quite clear on this. People do not believe what the establishment is telling us. All this is just another economic change. Yeah, we'll lose jobs, but we're going to gain some other jobs. People do not believe that. And if I could just share one one example that really supports what you're saying, Senator. Um these when these data centers, and you've been so active on the you know, community resistance to these data centers, right? Because you know, industrialization is always a trade-off in communities. We know that, right? Like the factory comes to town, it may pour sewage into the river, you know, it it it it may it may spew pollution, but but it created jobs. And and the jobs circulated in the community um and there were all kinds of economic benefits. And and maybe they were able to reduce the pollution, and so on. So, it was a trade-off. It was a give and take. Now we have what, you know, Astra Taylor and I in this new book we're calling ghost factories because it's it's a factory. And sometimes if it's Elon Musk in Memphis, he actually took over an Electrolux factory that used to employ uh hundreds of people. Um and now there's just a handful of people who work there. Um and they're overwhelmingly people working um in security, um in uh you know, they're sweeping the floors. Now there's a new company that is marketing that they have robot dogs who will do security at the data center. So, even this handful of jobs that were being offered, they're already working to try to figure out how they won't even need those. Well, let's go from robot dogs. Leisha, I know you've been worried about the impact on foreign policy and war and the military. It's not just bombs out there. I mean, you're looking at potentially robot soldiers. Yes, you're looking at uh drones doing all that they're doing. Say a few words on the impact of AI and military stuff. >> Well, we're already seeing this. We the Pete Hegseth's uh Department of quote unquote war, right? Um uh they signed four $200 million contracts with all of the major AI companies. Um and we don't fully know what with which company is doing what, but we're starting to find out. And I think just backing up, one of the things we know about AI is that it's glitchy, right? The companies call it hallucinations, it makes mistakes. They have not been able to figure out how to fix the mistakes. It happens anyone who's who's used these technologies have seen it. It can be miraculously accurate, and it can also make the most basic errors. You're like, how did you get there? And then when you ask the companies, how did you get there? They can't fully explain it. This is a strange thing about this technology. I mean, if you built a car and you said, I don't know how it worked, right? Um, you would think maybe you shouldn't release that product into the world, but that is exactly what what what these companies are telling us with great transparency that they don't fully understand that they that they haven't cracked what they call the alignment problem. So, you can't issue like a straight-up directive like, don't lie. Um, they they don't have the capacity to do that. So, if we know this about the technology, why would it be that we would be embedding it already in the highest-stakes applications that you possibly can, which are the lethal ones, which are war? So, we know already that um that AI has been used um in the US and Israeli illegal attack on Iran. Um, that the Wall Street Journal reported that in the first 24 hours of the US attack on Iran, um a thousand targets were identified in 24 hours um to to to bomb. Um, you know, we know also that terrible terrible errors in targeting were made with disastrous unthinkable human consequences. Is there a relationship between the two? We don't yet know, but the very fact that we're asking that question, I think points to the state >> Let me there is some evidence that a terrible bombing of the little girls' school was kind of a quote-unquote mistake in AI. We absolutely need to know for sure. And I think it's important, I mean, your point and the senator's point, yes, you need human decision-making, but that's not enough. In other words, if AI is doing all the data analysis and saying, okay, here's the target, and you just have a human being say, okay, I'm the one who's going to give the order, then they're saying, okay, well, there's a human last-minute judgment. That's not enough. What's happened is just a dependence on these machines. And it is from all the reporting clear that those machines are the ones that gave the target of the school, uh which basically killed Iranian girls. So, yes, it was a human being at the end who said, strike, but how do you separate a culture where people are so dependent on technology? I mean, one of the things I often say when people say, hey, should we teach more AI? I said, how about teaching more civics? How about teaching more ethics in our students? >> Well, taking a step further, just let's think about this for a moment. The the idea that we're still fighting wars and killing zillions of people in Ukraine and Gaza, Iran, is pathetic. I mean, it speaks not well of humanity. But historically at least, leaders had to make a decision. If I want to go to war, Vietnam War, whatever, I'm going to lose constituents. They're going to get angry at me, right? Their kids are going to get killed in the war. We're talking about wars now where we're not going to be fought by human beings. Which makes it easier, if you like, to go to war. Does it not? It does, and it's deeply asymmetrical. So, yes, the United States can have drones and technology, but and Israel can do that, but the people who were killed in it and what I've called the genocide in Gaza, 70,000 people, they don't have that technology. The starving people in Cuba because of our fuel blockade don't have that technology. The people in Iran who were killing don't have that technology. So, you have one side, a political leadership in our country that doesn't have to worry as much about uh deaths for for for our people, and we of course want to make sure that we're saving every US service member, but then there's no consequence no moral deliberation about the dignity and worth of people who are killing. Right. All right. Um, let me you mentioned a moment ago about uh AI sweeping up all kinds of information, including your books, but it is not just uh intellectual work. Uh they are sweeping up the private records uh of where I shop and my health care and all that stuff. Thoughts on that? Is our privacy Is there going to be anything left of human privacy uh unless we deal with this? Well, I think um we saw a glimpse of where that we're being taken when ICE occupied Minneapolis. Um, and we heard reports from a lot of people on the ground who were standing up to ICE that they were having these very creepy experiences where um ICE knew their names before they had said anything. Um, they knew where they lived before they'd said anything. So, just it scanning a face, scanning a license plate. I mean, you'll both remember after September 11th um and the attacks on civil liberties in this country, and there was an attempt to introduce something called total information awareness, um which was exactly as you described, Senator, this idea that we would they would be able to merge our Amazon shopping records, what library book you took out, um and um you know, what what flight you booked, and create a kind of data cloud. But, you know, that was before the iPhone. That was before we were doing everything online. So, I think we're now we're seeing really a resurgence of that vision of total information awareness, which they actually had to to to shut down because there was so much pushback. We're now seeing it really pushed by companies like Palantir. Um, and we're not having the debate. And you know, I think a big part of it what you were just saying about the the um the these wars where there's less of an incentive not to go to war because you have people like Pete Hegseth talking about total dominance and you know, they're bragging about how asymmetrical it is. Um, but also you have now a whole other sector that is completely embedded in warfare and has an incentive to be in a state of endless war. Like, we know the weapons companies already had that, right? But now the tech companies are kind of merging with the weapons companies. Um, and of course you've got the fossil fuel companies, they're all benefiting. So, that is a Talk about a lack of alignment. I think what we want as human beings, which is like to live in peace and have some economic security, is the exact opposite of what this ballooning sector um wants. It's good for Thoughts on privacy? Well, that's an enormous issue. I mean, it's an issue where they're not just taking our data, they're trying to figure out what we think. Uh they're targeting us to have the most uh sensational response without thought, and they're targeting young people, people under 18, especially young girls that who have had eating disorders because of the junk they're being fed, have had suicidal thoughts because of the junk they've been fed, and it was a dereliction of Congress. We have not passed any privacy legislation or restrictions really on social media companies as they've had total carte blanche to do what they want. All right. You do No secret to anybody that in the country today we have a mental health crisis exacerbated, I think, by COVID, especially acute among young people. I know we were talking about this earlier. Um, to what degree, guys, do you think um AI is intentionally addictive? Uh and what are the implications of that? We are seeing now uh kids and it's not just AI, it's screen time in general uh with attention spans. I talk to teachers a lot. They teach very differently now. The kids' attention spans are much uh more limited than they used to be. The idea of um asking kids to read a 300-page novel is something that many teachers think is not something they can do, etc. What is AI have What impact is it happening on the mental health, if you like, of people in our country and the world? You know, I I believe it's uh making us less human. I mean, I tell folks, you're very good at going viral, Senator Sanders, cuz people follow [laughter] you. But I But I say, you know, when I grew up, I used to read and write. Now, if you don't say something in a 30-second video, 30 seconds? >> [laughter] >> No one will read your No one will read your No one will read your essay. No one will read your op-eds. No one will read your speeches. People may still read your books, but it's very hard. As if we're losing something as people. Uh we're we're not recognizing how dependent we've becoming on these gadgets to for social relationships, for thinking, uh for independence, and it you it technology is fine if the human being is in charge of technology, not letting technology dictate our lives. And we've had no pushback to these companies. They have a profit motive to do this. They have a profit motive to get us as addicted to screen time as possible, to get people to be watching their videos instead of writing reading op-eds or writing books. And if you're not going to push back, then they're going to continue to basically automate human life. And so, yes, there's a mental health issues caused by addictive algorithms, but I think it's deeper than that. It's a question of what type of experience do we want Americans to have? And is it one where we use technology, but we're calling the shots, or are we becoming slaves to technology, which is in my view what a lot of these tech companies have been pushing for with increased screen time. Naomi you have the I think that the the the the question around addiction is really related to something I mean we there's so many themes that we could be unpacking. I mean we've talked about how they're they're they they're extracting from us and and enclosing the commons. Um, but then there's also the the the fact that this is very probably a market bubble, right? That they're building out more infrastructure that then they have a market for, right? Um, and so when that bubble bursts everyone's pensions are caught up in this. So, there's a whole other level at which we may be asked to pay for this. Um, so just maybe put a pin in that, but the this is a problem for these companies. They are they do not have yet have a business model to support this enormous level of spending. They are the the the projections are that the infrastructure, you know, the chips, the data centers that you've been so involved in, that by 2030 that that will account for $7 trillion in infrastructure spending. There is not a market anywhere close to that, right? So, the kind of the franticness to keep you talking to chat GPT or whoever the chatbot is is related to this. That that's how they figure out how to monetize it then they're now they're talking about slipping ads into it. So, we should understand that they've kind of backed themselves into a corner. They need people to be addicted and that really snowballs with the mental health crisis. You know, it's it's I think it's always worth remembering that chat GPT was released really at the tail end of COVID. It was November 2023. So, just when people are kind of coming out blinking from the pandemic and thinking oh maybe I'll make a friend, right? It's like no, you don't have to. You can just chat talk to this machine. Um, so but but I think you know, one of the things I've studied over the years is is conspiracy and the way people fall down these rabbit holes. The trouble with these chatbots is they drag you down with them, right? They they they it's a bottomless capacity to follow you wherever you might want to go. They never get tired. Unlike a friend who might go are you sure you still want to repeat that same question? >> [laughter] >> They will always want to and they will and they will and they'll they'll say have you considered this or that, right? So, we're seeing it lead to an increase in stalking where where we know that it's led to um suicide, but we're now seeing um examples where the chatbots have been involved in violence towards other people. There was a mass shooting in Canada, um the largest uh school shooting in decades and um Open AI does not deny that the shooter was using chat GPT. In fact, they were so concerned by the violence of their engagement with chat GPT that they took away the shooter's account, but they opened another account, right? Um, so this conversation has now centered around oh well, they should have reported it to the police. And then that raises a whole other question. When we're chatting with these with these robots, are they surveilling us constantly? Are they going to tell the police that they don't like what we said? Instead of us saying why are we addicting people to robots in the first place and looking at this whole model? I think the conceit of these technologies and these billionaires was that uh as long as they just built technology it would improve human beings or humankind. And no consideration for the human element. So, let's just have people talk on Facebook. Let's just have people uh go on uh YouTube. Let's just have people do these chatbots uh and search. And of course it was convenient because it was making them money making them uh billions of dollars, but their view was like okay, technology is just going to improve things. And you're pointing out no, actually a human intervention matters and it matters that you don't get addicted and it matters that you don't have an algorithm uh just sending you junk. But I think the broader frame problem is that there was never a system to check uh just extractive capitalism. There was not a human-based system saying look, we're going to push back and uh have technology actually benefit people, the workers. There's a lot of benefit to technology. The problem is it's not been steered in a direction for ordinary people. It's been steered to maximize profit. >> up on a point that both of you made. Um uh a couple of years ago, I think it was called the Pew Family Research at Ringing Bell, Pew Research, whatever. They're a prominent and reputable polling uh agency. And they asked a very interesting question. This gets beyond AI. They said in so many words do you think life is better for somebody like you, you know, you middle class, working class, upper income. Is life better for somebody like you today a couple of years ago than it was 50 years ago? You know what the answer was? Pretty overwhelmingly people said they thought life was better for somebody like them 50 years ago. You know, picking up with the point you're making. What is the purpose of this whole thing? All right? So, if you have a flat screen TV, that's great. I can watch the football game more clearly, great. But at the end of the day, what are we trying to do? For these guys efficiency is the whole thing. We as human beings want a little bit more out of life than just efficiency. Okay? And that is a discussion that we have not even begun to have. Uh and I worry and you know, it's when we talk about where we've been in the last number of decades and we've all worked on on these issues we know that it's not just economic in the sense that despite all of the technology out there, increase in worker productivity, workers doing much better today? They're not. Real wages are actually lower than they were 53 years ago. Now, what the hell is going to happen with all of this technology? Is it going to improve life? Everyone going to get wealthier? We going to be able to raise our kids in a happier way? Well, I don't think so. The American people don't think so. This is a but it gets I want to get back to a point that Ro made. Let me throw out to both of you. So, given the enormous level of anxiety that the American people feel about all of these issues given uh the unbelievable impact that AI and technology is going to have on our country and the world one might think that day and night there would be serious debates in the House and the Senate all kinds of good legislation coming up. Uh maybe I missed it, but I have seen virtually nothing. All right. Why is that happening? Ro who's interested in us not doing anything on these issues? You know, it's uh ironic Senator that you have shown the most interest in AI of any Senator. I mean, if you had picked a Senator to have not to >> [laughter] >> not you know, but you know, but you're leading on on these these issues and I think it's the the money. I mean, I just bluntly, you've got an administration that has handed the keys to the tech billionaires. They have no interest in uh making uh any regulatory framework. Uh they they they come to Congress once every 6 months. Uh they get yelled at and nothing changes. Uh and by the way, people should probably be yelling at the Congress as much as these uh these tech titans cuz they the Congress has just given them free reign. And they use this kind of jargon of technological superiority to hide the fact that it's a basic question of values. Uh and it's a question of are you going to stand up for kids and consumers and workers uh or are you just going to allow uh these technologists to to to to call the shots? But I I believe this is the issue of our time. Obviously, I'm biased. I represent that area. I see all these billions, but when you have 1/3 of the nation's wealth being produced in 50 miles in my district and you have massive people across this country saying that the American dream is dead and you have no sign of the AI revolution going to stop and if we're not talking about this issue, I just don't see how you talk about wealth inequality or income inequality or jobs or labor or anything else. We've got to get a handle on this or this is going to be worse than globalization and automation. Naomi, why has governments around the world been so quiescent on this issue? Well, first of all, I I have to say I really appreciate um Congressman that you've that given where you live and and I'm sure that that um that they've offered you all kinds of money um that you have been speaking out on this. >> Well, they're offering my opponent all kinds of money. >> You're right. You're right. You're right. >> [laughter] >> It is there's so much bipartisan opposition. Any politician that decided to run on this and truly make this the this their issue and spoke to the you know, the spiritual crisis that we're talking about. What does it mean to be human? Also the economic. Also by the way, the climate which we haven't talked about which we could have talked and it it touches absolutely everything. You know, at the community level what's really driving this is people are worried about their water. They're worried about noise pollution. Like it really is you know, Astra and I we call it the new pro-life movement cuz it really is so basic. It's like do you do you like life? You know, do you like the the animate world? Do you care about this? Turns out most people do, however they vote. Um I think that there's the the the potential to to make um taking AI money as toxic as taking AIPAC money. Uh uh you know, there's AIPAC and AI PAC uh and as long as there are politicians going into this space and saying, you know, we're we're on your side, I think that they can really create a very broad tent. If the Democrats don't do it, it will be the same thing as the neglect over free trade. It will be it it will be a repeat of the same thing. Very good point. I I would just mention to folks that that the best of my understanding as of now just for the 2026 elections AI has already put $400 million into elections. And we've got what we have 5 or 6 more months to go. So, let's assume that any candidate who gets up there and says, you know, I have some you know, real concerns about AI, let's slow it down, let's make it work for people rather than Elon Musk. That candidate will have zillions of dollars thrown at him or her. Which speaks to a corrupt campaign finance system, etc., etc. But to my mind, it is very clear why Congress is not dealing with this issue. And that is the power and the wealth of people who do not want us to deal with it. Um let me uh move to uh another issue. Uh which uh sounds a little bit like science fiction. Uh but unfortunately, it's not. I talked to a guy named Geoffrey Hinton. You know Hinton? Uh Geoffrey Hinton is considered to be the godfather of AI. He's worked on this thing for decades. Nobel Prize winner in physics. Uh and what he says, and others say it as well. We met some folks out in California. Is that AI robotics, AI especially, is moving so rapidly that it is not a question of uh if, it's a question of when it will become smarter than human beings. And the fear of these guys, which used to be science fiction is that AI will essentially establish its independence from human control in order to protect itself. And then raising the possibility of uh horrific things happening. Naomi, thoughts on that? You believe that or don't? Am I Is Hinton exaggerating the problem or is it real? I'm interested to know what you think. >> Well, I I certainly think it's a a real risk and uh you know, I don't know whether uh it will happen or not, but why would we not take every uh precaution to make sure it doesn't. I mean, >> [laughter] >> if if you put it at whatever probability, there's a probability of uh agentic AI doing incredibly damaging things. And this is what I don't understand with when people say, well, we want to compete with other nations and have a race to the bottom. You know, why not have America to the extent that we are going to have AI be excellent in making sure it doesn't have surveillance, in making sure the agentic AI isn't going to do crazy things, in making sure that it's safe, in making sure that we have regulation. By the way, then probably people from Africa and Asia and other places would want the American standard. That's what used to we used to have in our industry when we used to have labor and strong safety standards. People used to say, yes, I want the American product because I know there's a quality to it. In- instead of saying, okay, no, we want to have a competition to the bottom uh and be selling stuff that may kill you if it goes goes wrong. And the the other point on the regulation is, but their own admission, the and maybe they're hyping the technology, they're saying this technology is going to be bigger than nuclear. It's going to be bigger than electricity. It's going to be bigger than aviation. Well, the last I checked, we have an FAA for aviation. We have nuclear energy regulated and we have electricity regulated. So, you're telling me on one hand that this is going to be bigger and then you're saying you don't want any regulation. I mean, it makes no sense. I mean, and more than that, I I do think that if if we look at these Silicon Valley billionaires who lined up behind Trump during the election campaign and you know, people were many people were surprised to see them there in the front row and inauguration. Um you [clears throat] know, some of them like Peter Thiel support had supported Trump for a long time, but but the others didn't. A lot of them didn't. And if you listen to what they have been saying about why they flipped, a lot of it was because there were some gentle regulations on crypto in AI and AI during the Biden administration, including things like trying to figure out how to prevent, you know, AI from killing us all, you know, and and um and keeping it away from nuclear weapons. Uh really sort of sensible policy that you would think. Apparently, this was too much. Um you know, Mark Andreessen gave an interview to the New York Times where he said they were trying to kill us. Um the the what's going on now with the Trump administration and you know, you can track it during during the election campaign. There was a fundraiser at David Sacks's house. Um they explained to Trump that AI would use a huge amount of energy and it could all come from fossil fuels. He thought that sounded fantastic. And the guy who spent his off years suing Big Tech and railing against them suddenly decides he's going to be their best friend. And they raised $12 million in one night and they've been, you know, showering him with money ever since. This, by the way, is a huge betrayal of his base who thought that he was anti-Big Tech. So, that's, you know, something else to harvest if anybody wants to do that. >> candidate you're talking about? >> Exactly, [laughter] the peace candidate. >> I wanted to make sure we're all about the same guy. No, I mean, I I look, I think that that the the that the way one way of understanding what has happened with Silicon Valley, what some people are calling tech fascism, is that the whole thing was a revolt against regulation of AI. That they wanted this wild west environment because that was their ticket to this to the kind of world they want. >> here and ask you guys a question. No great secret that capitalists always want to make more money. They're anti-worker, they want bigger profits and all that stuff. Nothing new about that. But we are looking at a rather weird group of people right now. At head of Big Tech. I mean, it's not just that they want to get richer, they do. Not just they want more power. They do. They're into some pretty weird stuff. I mean, you have Thiel suggesting that people who want to slow down this technology for all of the reasons that we have talked about are antichrist. These guys are building bunkers underground bunkers to protect themselves. What is kind of different about these guys than previous business people who simply wanted to make a whole lot of money? Anything different about them do you think? >> Well, some of them have a god-like complex and I don't say that with lightly. I mean, one of the people said to me, "Ro you don't understand. We would have been conquerors in a different age. Uh we are the ones carrying civilization." They don't view wealth concentration as a negative. They view it as a a positive because they think they're the ones who can invest the money in a way that will move America. >> And democracy? They're they're No, I mean, they're on I mean, Peter Thiel and the the the the thinkers that they listen to actually think democracy slows things down. Democracy is weakness. Democracy is too messy. That the people who carry American civilization are people like them. And they're trying for immortality. I mean, they're literally trying to to defy uh the the the the human condition. And it it is it's important to understand it because it's important that it's not um it's not just corruption. Trump's sort of petty corruption. This is a dangerous ideology that is anti-democratic at its very core. And uh that is uh uh that that is filled with hubris. Uh and >> weird religious beliefs is part of that as well. >> talk I mean, Elon Musk talks about how what they're actually doing is conjuring a god or a demon. They're not sure whether it's a god or a demon. And then one of the Google guys says, well, no, actually AI is polytheistic. Like, baby, they are summoning multiple gods. Um there is a way in which the only thing you can compare what they're talking about, you know, when they when when they they you know, they'll talk about these two scenarios. One is the sort of AI nirvana, right? Where we all are just unlocking the secrets to the universe and lounging around. >> going to live happily ever after. >> Right. And it's I mean, it it's heaven what they're describing. And then but but there's a 30% chance that we might all die, right? So, it's kind of like Armageddon and and and it's the rapture. It's all bundled together. And it also is making them the first trillionaires, right? So, I don't think that we can ever we we we can't lose sight of that. But no, I don't think we've ever seen anything quite like this. Um and I do think there is something around this idea that they are creating life, that they're creating a new species, a new human evolution, which then creates the rationale for not having to worry about what it's doing to actual human beings down here or the natural world. >> Everybody hear that? Take a deep breath and hear what Naomi just said. I mean, this is In other words, hey, we don't have to worry about humanity today. We're doing something better. Don't have to worry about the 8 billion people on the planet right now. I mean, it's you know, I don't know whether or not much about it, but the you know, Musk keeps talking about going to another planet. These guys are building underground bunkers, etc. But he turned It's to say the least, it's it's weird and I think it is very dangerous. Let me bring it back uh home in a sense to where we are right now. By the way, Bernie, I I think you know you're in trouble when you can't describe reality without sounding crazy. And that's actually where it works. >> Yeah, that's [laughter] right. I know. Um what we are saying I think these guys thought they can make the case say we're going to build all these data centers. We're going to move aggressively in AI and robotics. Everybody is going to see a higher standard of living. Don't worry about work anymore. Da da da da. Of course we don't want to pay anymore in taxes by the way, but forget about that. Um but it it it didn't quite work out that way. What we are seeing uh in all over this country from in conservative areas, in progressive areas, people are saying, "Hey, uh thank you very much. We prefer not to have a data center in our community." Um Naomi, you've written a little bit about this, why don't you? Say a few words. >> It's it's a true uprising. Um and it's it's blue cities, it's deepest red state. I've I've actually never seen such a widely bipartisan issue. Um and even, you know, within the communities people are saying, "I'm going to talk to I'm going to talk to Trump voters and we're finding that we're both concerned about the water in our community and so on." So, it has tremendous potential. And explain a little bit Take a minute to explain actually the kind of resources that a data center uh requires. Well, it depends on the data center. Um I guess we could talk about why do we talk about Elon Musk's uh work in Memphis where he um he was worried he was he had fallen behind, so he went into kind of hyperdrive in order to open the world's largest supercomputer in Memphis, Tennessee um in a majority um black part of Memphis near community called Boxtown. Um but he was in such a rush that he couldn't um he couldn't generate the the energy fast enough, so he rigged up, I believe it was 35 gas-burning uh um turbines, the kinds of things that would be used as an emergency backup generator in a remote area, 35 of them, just roaring sound and spewing um carcinogens into the air. Um lack of transparency, so intrepid environmental environmentalists did a flyover, so they used infrared so they could prove that this was actually happening. Then he opened two more. Um by the way, he called it Colossus and that that is the name of the supercomputer in science fiction that takes control over the nukes. So, once again, I don't know what's wrong with these guys. Um but so that's, you know, in Memphis it's overwhelmingly about air quality. It's already an area that has been the site of terrible environmental racism, uh already has very, very high childhood asthma rates, cancer rates. So, this was on top of that. But in other communities um in Memphis where they wanted to where where Amazon wanted to build um a huge uh data center, it was really about water because it's such a water-stressed area. So, it depends, you know, it depends on the geography. But the the issues have been water use and there are different ways of building a data center that are more or less water intensive. But one of the things that people find when they're opposing a data center is they cannot get information. It's like trying to get information out of any of these companies, right? They are black boxes. So, one of the things that, you know, one of the reasons why I think it's such a good idea to have a pause and set some standards is a basic standard might be you have to tell the community how much water you and energy going to and the impact on their on on their electricity rates, things like that. Of course Trump has has tried to overpower this, so this has become another issue. It's become a democracy issue because people start organizing when they find out about it, often very late in the game. In the case of Memphis, it was all covered by NDAs, so they found out about it after it was already open, okay? In other cases, they find out about it, they organize, they get the council to vote in their favor and then it gets overridden because Washington is saying, "Actually, this is a national security issue because we're in a war with China." I think it's an inspiring to see the the citizen activism around the opposition to some of these data centers in their communities. It's for all the reasons you said, whether it's the water, or the electricity bill going up, or the fact that no one asked them what what they wanted in their community for their uh land and uh what they thought was their vision. But I almost think it's deeper than just the data center. My sense is that some of these movements are uh upset and uh striking out against a feeling of a loss of control. That they don't see uh a political system or an economic system working for them where they have no control. These billionaires are putting these super PACs, they're buying government, they're buying politicians, they've offshore jobs, they've automated jobs, their kids they don't know if they're going to have a good life. They feel like they have it their economic standard has been declining the last 50 years. And you know, people love throwing out the word Luddite, but anyone who studied the Luddite movement will know it wasn't an anti-technology movement. It was a movement for workers saying, "This industrial revolution isn't working for us. We want our share." And I I say this all the time to the the the tech billionaires. I say, "I'm the nice guy. The the the generation coming after me, they really are going to be much tougher. Just pay your taxes as an anti-revolution tax. You know, have a new social contract because you don't understand the anger that's bubbling up in this country." Now, I think you make both of you make really good points. And it goes back to I think what you mentioned when I mean the free trade argument. Uh I was here in the house actually in the middle of those debates. And what the ruling class said is, "Hey, we got this great thing. Look at China. It's a market of a billion people. Do you know how many jobs we're going to create selling our products to China?" And all of us knew that was a lie. What we understood is they wanted the labor in China which then was like 25 cents an hour in factories. And what happened is thousands of factories in America were shut down. Millions of people lost their jobs. And many of those communities have not recovered as of today. And now we're hearing again, "Hey, trust us. THIS IS A GREAT TECHNOLOGY going to improve your life." People increasingly do not believe it. They don't trust the motives of these multi-billionaires for all of the right reasons. And what you're seeing, I mean, just all over this country in in red communities, people are saying, "Excuse us." They're going out there, taking it on their local city councils, etc., etc. So, this is really an unprecedented grassroots revolt not only against the data centers, but against this whole idea that the people are sick and tired of very, very wealthy people operating in a secretive mode, pushing through what they want against the needs of ordinary people. It's a big deal. Sometimes it's about farmland, too, just because they're so huge, right? Um and so uh there was there's a farmer in Kentucky who who was offered $26 million to sell her farmland and um she said, "I'd rather feed the nation." Oh. >> [laughter] >> Um but, you know, what you were saying, Ro, about about the accusation of of being anti-technology, I think part of what we're dealing with is that a- AI is really a marketing term. Um it doesn't mean anything. We we we used to call it machine learning. Uh all of these things are being bundled together, the very dangerous, superfluous things that clearly make life worse with things that everybody would support. If it's going to help with cancer research, who's going to oppose that, right? So, we get told that we we can't make any choices. It's either all or nothing. Um and that's simply not the case. And what anybody who actually uses the technology will say is that actually if you want to use AI for for cancer research or to make um renewables more efficient, you know, you can get great live data about where the wind is blowing. Those are very small models and the most important thing about those models is that you have good data for them. Um if you've got good good clean data sets, you're going to get really useful AI. And this this administration has been slashing funding both for climate research and for cancer research um and for, you know, all the kind of basic research that would make sure that AI was able to be used for for useful purposes. So, I think we need the real ex- we need real experts to come in here and explain a lot of this because it's it's it's deliberately mystified. All right, we're coming to the end uh Ro, where would you like Congress to go from here? I'm picking up just on one of Naomi's uh last points. I think it's so important because while we've had ChatGPT and all this social media, one of the things that even these tech leaders can't uh explain is that productivity issue the country has not gone up dramatically. So, it's not like we are even uh increasing dramatically the production of the nation uh in things that are providing better health and better uh jobs and education. It's that you really have been either eliminating jobs or uh moving profits uh in significant ways to these uh uh these billionaires. My view is that three things. First, we need to start with the most immediate of of jobs, making sure that there is no effort for these uh AI uh companies to be uh throwing out truck drivers, uh throwing out workers, getting people fired, having bargaining rights at these companies, and making sure human beings are protected. Second, I do believe there's an opportunity for a bold patriotic jobs agenda with the federal government modeling what Roosevelt did. And the reason is now it's not just blue-collar jobs that are at risk, uh it's it's jobs of, you know, kids I was just at Brown. Now the Ivy Leaguers are concerned. So, you have a broad constituency for pushing a jobs agenda in this country. And then third, I would say is just fundamental safety and regulations that uh people need to know that the billionaires aren't going to have a free reign and we should be very simple and this is something very clear about in part your whole time around the country which is identifying what the problem is and not using 15 paragraphs to explain it is the problem is the political money in politics and the corruption of that and get standing up to that with these AI packs and others and getting regulation done. Naomi, where would you like us to go? I mean I think we need to have a national and international conversation because these are global technologies about how we can use these very powerful tools to make our lives better to enhance life to have you know a human first AI policy right and that means that we look at it holistically we figure out how we do it in the least resource intensive way to have the best results and then it isn't about turning a bunch of guys into trillionaires it's about what kind of society we want to live in how we want to treat each other how we want to protect protect the natural world that's a really good conversation for us to have I think we should be having town hall conversations about it and we might found find out that we have more in common with our neighbors than we thought I think it could be a fantastic exercise like I said before I think any politician who takes it up is going to be very popular indeed. Let me just pick up on your last point in saying that I've talked to people in China I don't know if you have Ro and some of them have exactly the same concerns that we're talking about right now. And it's important because of the nature of this technology that it we work together globally. Can't be just done by the United States. So I got to work with other countries. Number two as I think we've been discussing here I think the resentment and and the concern about this technology has everything to do that people no longer believe in government what politicians are saying and certainly not what the billionaire class is saying they've been through it. If you're living in an America today where where we have more income and wealth inequality than we've ever had what is this thing going to do to that? It'll make it worse right anyone deny that? We have a health care system which is broken. We have an educational system which is deeply flawed kids can't afford to go to college. Three blocks away from here we have people sleeping out on the street. All right. So I think there is a massive distrust at the establishment at both political parties at the ruling class of this country and I think the point that we've all been making is now is the time to take a deep breath. The people have got to determine the future of what happens in our country and in the entire planet not a handful of extraordinarily wealthy arrogant anti-democratic multi-billionaires that's what they want they have their goals they are not our goals. So we need to take a deep breath we need to move aggressively we need to take them on as you've heard all of us say there's a lot in AI that can be beneficial to improving our health our education etc. Let's figure out what works for us let's understand what works against us let us ordinary people determine the future of this explosive technology and not just the few so with that let me thank Ro and Naomi Naomi for being with me this afternoon and thank you all for watching take care. >> [applause] >> Thank you so much. Okay. Yeah it was great.