Joe Biden recently signed a very sinister executive order mandating that almost every federal department and agency establish a Marxist equity -- this is something new -- enforcement squad to implement a woke takeover of the entire federal government. Every institution in America is under attack from this Marxist concept of equity.

Instead of treating everyone equally, making decisions based on merit or qualifications, equity means that benefits are awarded and policies are enforced based on skin color and sexual identity. We don't think that's a good idea. It's a catch-all term used by the radical left to justify every one of its crazy programs.

Climate change is now about fighting environmental racism. They falsely accuse law enforcement of racism to explain why they must end cash bail instead of busting up bloodthirsty gangs that kill people all over our cities. With this in action, Biden is weaponizing every tool of government power to push this racism and this communism and Marxism or whatever you want to call it. When FEMA, the EPA, and the FAA, and IRS are corrupted and tasked with enforcing equity, freedom and equality under the law are absolutely dead.

I will revoke this executive order on my first day back in office. I will look forward to it. The Oval Office is a wonderful place, but also a wonderful place to stop things that are very bad for our country from happening. I will instruct the Department of Justice to make clear that any such discrimination is completely and totally illegal and to investigate the unlawful domination and discrimination and civil rights abuses carried out by the Biden administration.

I will immediately terminate all staffers hired to implement this policy and eliminate all offices and initiatives connected to it. We will not allow it to happen. I will create a special team to rapidly review every action taken by federal agencies under Biden's equity agenda that will need to be reversed.

We will reverse almost all of them -- maybe, in fact, all of them. I will also urge Congress to create a restitution fund for Americans who have been unjustly discriminated against by these equity policies, and I will restore merit-based federal civil service. I will get this extremism out of the White House, out of the military, out of the Justice Department, and out of our government.

We don't want it in our country. The United States of America will be strong again. Thank you very much.