Joe Biden and the radical left Democrats are trying to pose as the defenders of democracy, but in fact, they're the ones destroying our democracy. Crooked Joe and his henchmen have tried to shut down free speech with a massive government censorship operation to silence their critics. They're putting Douglass Mackey in jail for sharing a joking meme about Hillary Clinton seven years ago.

Nobody ever heard of anything like that. They have four bogus criminal cases trying to put their leading political rival, me, in prison. "Let's put him in prison. He's leading by a lot. There's no way we can beat him. Let's put him in prison." They're running police state operations to infiltrate the Catholic Church as if it were a communist country.

They're persecuting Christians and pro-life activists. They're persecuting anybody they want to persecute. They've labeled ordinary Republicans and parents at school board meetings as potential domestic terrorists. They're resettling millions of migrants into our communities, destroying our country like it's never been destroyed before.

They're calling our citizens criminals. They rigged the last election, they rigged the Democrat primary, and they're trying to get their rivals thrown off the ballot everywhere they can. And they're constantly trying to delegitimize the Supreme Court of the United States and threatening conservative judges with violence.

In short, nothing about crooked Joe Biden and the anti-Democratic party has anything to do with defending democracy. So, if crooked Joe wants to turn this election into a question of which candidate will defend our democracy and freedom, then I say, "Bring it on. Let's go, Joe. Bring it on," because you are a corrupt person.

You're the most corrupt president in our history and, by the way, the most incompetent president in our history. Because Americans don't like tyrants, we don't like fascists, we don't like communists, and we don't like crooked Joe Biden. You just have to look at the polls. With your vote on Election Day 2024, America will be a free nation once again.

We will be free, and we will be great. Thank you.