Joe Biden's war on American energy is one of the key drivers of the worst inflation in 58 years, and it's hitting every single American family very, very hard. Biden reversed every action I took that achieved energy independence. And soon, we were going to be energy dominant all over the world, energy dominant.

He canceled the Keystone XL Pipeline. He reentered the horrendous Paris Climate Accords, so unfair to the United States. Good for other countries, so bad for us. He put up huge roadblocks to new oil, gas, and coal production and much, much more. In effect, Biden's anti-American energy crusade is a massive tax hike on everything, higher energy costs, raised the price of food, raw materials, shipping, transportation, construction, manufacturing, and everything else.

The country that now benefits most from Joe Biden's radical-left Green New Deal is China. High energy prices in America are a gift to China, a major factor in driving our heavy industry overseas. If you want to be an advanced manufacturing nation, you must be able to produce low-cost energy. You'll never be a rich nation without it. And if you want to deindustrialize the United States, then you would seek to drive up the cost of energy here as much as possible.

Just as Joe Biden has done, perhaps, unknowingly. That, I don't know. That's why Biden's energy agenda is China's energy agenda. That's why China signs up for every stupid globalist climate deal and then immediately breaks it. They don't live up to their deals. When I'm back in the White House, I will bring back a pro-American energy policy at long last.

As you know, China paid hundreds of billions of dollars to the United States. When I was president, no other president got 10 cents. Check it out, not even 10 cents. I will deploy a team of warrior lawyers to hunt down every unnecessary regulation in the federal registry that hampers domestic production, and we will wipe them off the books.

We will again get out of Paris, and we will rapidly issue approvals for all worthy energy infrastructure projects with a focus on maximum speed to bring prices down rapidly. So, get those proposals ready now because we are going to put thousands of Americans to work, building the power plants, pipelines, grids, ports, refineries, and shipping terminals of tomorrow.

We are going to have very inexpensive energy again like we did just two and a half years ago. This great undertaking will also help restore hope and aspiration to America's young people. Instead of being irrationally terrified by political predictions of climate apocalypse, instead of toiling for low wages or left-wing make-work projects, I have a vision that will give young Americans the chance to find real meaning in work once again like we had it two and a half years ago, building the backbone of America that is powerful, prosperous, productive, vigorous, modern, independent, and free.

We will be great again as a country. Under the next Trump administration, the return of American jobs and the American dream will be powered by the return of American energy. Nobody has more liquid gold under their feet than the United States of America. And we will use it and profit by it and live with it. And we will be rich again, and we will be happy again, and we will be proud again.

Thank you very much.