In Michigan, radical left Democrat governor, Gretchen Whitmer, is handing out $500 a month in cash to anyone who accepts illegal aliens into your homes. Isn't that nice? She's calling this scam the Newcomer Rental Subsidy. In other words, she's calling illegal immigrants, many coming from jails, many coming from mental institutions, many are terrorists, she's calling them newcomers.

Isn't that wonderful? And it's all funded by federal taxpayer dollars distributed by crooked Joe Biden. He's the most crooked president we've ever had, and he's by far the worst president we've ever had. In other words, Biden and Whitmer are selecting and stealing your money to give free housing to illegal alien migrants and then asking you to quarter these foreign armies.

And that's what they are. They're armies. They're coming in at levels that we've never seen ever in our country before. But quarter these foreign armies in the spare bedroom that you happen to have next to your children. I don't know. Somehow it doesn't sound like a very good idea, considering many of these people came from prisons and jails.

They came from mental institutions and insane asylums. Many are terrorists that are coming into our country, totally unchecked and totally unvetted. It doesn't sound like a good idea to have them next to your children, but that's Biden for you. Biden, Whitmer, and the radical left Democrats care more about illegal aliens than about American citizens or our military, our vets.

They care much more about illegal aliens. Thanks to their inflation disaster, you can't afford to buy a house, you can't afford the increase in rent, yet they're taking your money and giving it to so-called newcomers -- it's such a nice name -- who illegally charged across our border. They came in illegally into our country.

They're called newcomers. They're not called illegal immigrants. They're not called illegal aliens. This is a scandal, and this is a disgusting insult to hardworking American taxpayers. I will end it on day one. And when I take the oath of office, America is going to be strong, powerful, and rich again. When I'm president, instead of asking you to cram illegal aliens into your homes, I'll tell the illegal aliens that they must not come into our country.

They have to go back to their homes and their countries. One way or another, we will send them back to their own countries. We will have the largest and most efficient deportation effort in the history of our country, bigger than that of Dwight Eisenhower, our president from a long time ago. Thank you very much.