Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-new-york-ny-december-14-2016

Tim Cook: Tim Cook, very good to be here. And I look very forward to talking to the president-elect about the things that we can do to help you achieve some things you want.

Donald Trump: Great, Tim.

Safra Catz: I'm Safra Catz, I'm CEO of Oracle. I'm actually privileged and honored to even be here, and we are looking forward to helping you, and your administration.

Donald Trump: Thank you. Thank you, Safra.

Elon Musk: Elon Musk, the CEO of SpaceX and Tesla, building rockets and cars and solar stuff in the U.S. I'm really excited about expanding our manufacturing footprint in the U.S.

Gary Cohn: Gary Cohn, here as the delegate for NEC (National Economic Council), working with the president on driving his economic policy.

Wilbur Ross: Wilbur Ross, nominee for commerce secretary.

Stephen Miller: Stephen Miller, senior adviser for policy, and everyone thank you for being here.

Satya Nadella: Satya Nadella, CEO of Microsoft.

Ginni Rometty: Ginni Rometty, the CEO of IBM, and also great to be here to work on that [Inaudible] agenda.

Chuck Robbins: Chuck Robbins, CEO of Cisco. Likewise, everything has been said, we're happy to be here and happy to help and happy to work with you.

Jared Kushner: Jared Kushner.

Reince Priebus: Reince Priebus.

Steve Bannon: Steve Bannon, chief strategist and senior counselor for the President-elect.

Eric Schmidt: Eric Schmidt, Alphabet/Google, and completely agree with what's been said.

Alex Karp: Alex Karp, CEO of Palantir hoping to help bolster national security and [Inaudible].

Brian Krzanich: Brian Krzanich, CEO of Intel.

Donald Trump, Jr.: Donald Trump, Jr.

Ivanka Trump: Ivanka Trump.

Eric Trump: Eric Trump, and welcome.

Brad Smith: Brad Smith, president of Microsoft, and like Satya, please to be here.

Jeff Bezos: Jeff Bezos, Amazon.com. I'm super excited about the possibility that this could be the innovations administration.

Larry Page: Larry Page, Alphabet and Google, probably the youngest company here.

Donald Trump: Looks like the youngest person. [Laughs]

Larry Page: Really excited to be here.

Sheryl Sandberg: Sheryl Sandberg, Facebook. Excited to talk about jobs.

Mike Pence: Mike Pence, governor of Indiana for a few more days, and Vice President-elect of the United States.

Donald Trump: Well I just want to thank everybody. This is a truly amazing group of people. I won't tell you the hundreds of calls we've had asking to come to this meeting, and I will say, and I will say Peter was sort of saying, 'No, that company's too small.' And these are monster companies. But I want to thank -- I want to start by thanking Peter because he saw something very early, maybe before we saw it and of course he's known for that in a different way. But he's been so terrific and so outstanding and he got just about the biggest applause at the Republican National Convention. He's ahead of the curve, and I want to thank you, man, you're a very special guy.

Donald Trump: So I want to add that I'm here to help you folks do well. And you're doing well right now and I'm honored by the bounce. They're all talking about the bounce, so right now everybody in this room has to like me at least a little bit, but we're going to try and have that bounce continue and perhaps even more importantly we want you to keep going with the incredible innovation. There's nobody like you in the world. In the world, there's nobody like the people in this room.

Donald Trump: And anything we can do to help this go along, and we're going to be there for you and you'll call my people, you'll call me, it doesn't make any difference, we have no formal chain of command around here. I'm honored to have Gary, the president of Goldman Sachs, left Goldman Sachs to do this, and Wilbur, everybody knows Wilbur, they never call him Wilbur Ross on Wall Street, they just say Oh

Donald Trump: And we're gonna do fair trade deals. We're going to make it a lot easier for you to trade across borders because of a lot of restrictions, a lot of problems that I think you'll see. And if you have any ideas on that, that would be, that would be great because there are a lot of border restrictions and a lot of border problems, you probably have less of a problem than some companies, some companies have--you have some problems.