Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-secret-recording-michael-cohen-september-1-2016

Note: [CNN (https://cnn.it/2JRuSxF) aired the audio of this recording July 24, 2018, having obtained it from Cohen's attorney. In response, Trump's attorneys released the transcript to The Washington Post (https://wapo.st/2OiGtcw).]

Note: [The below transcript reflects the Washington Post's corrections. Factba.se has reduced the noise and synced the tape to the transcript, but otherwise is providing this unedited.]

Donald Trump: [In background, not in phone] Good. Let me know what's happening, okay? Oh, oh. Maybe because of this it would be better if you didn't go, you know? Maybe because of this. For that one, you know -- I think what you should do is get rid of this. Because it's so false what they're saying, it's such bullshit.

Donald Trump: [In background, not in phone] Um. I think, I think this goes away quickly. I think what -- I think it's probably better to do the Charleston thing, just this time. Uh, yeah. In two weeks, it's fine. I think right now it's, it's better. You know? Okay, honey. You take care of yourself. Thanks, [Inaudible]. Yup, I'm proud of you. So long. Bye. [Speaking into Phone] What's happening?

Michael Cohen: Great poll, by the way.

Donald Trump: Yeah?

Michael Cohen: Seen it. Great poll.

Donald Trump: Making progress.

Michael Cohen: Big time.

Donald Trump: And, your guy is a good guy. He's a good --

Michael Cohen: Who, Pastor Scott?

Donald Trump: Can't believe this. No, Pastor Scott. What's, what's happening --

Michael Cohen: No --

Donald Trump: Can we use him anymore?

Michael Cohen: Oh, yeah, a hundred -- no, you're talking about Mark Burns. He's, we've told him to s....

Donald Trump: I don't need that -- Mark Burns, are we using him?

Michael Cohen: No, no.

Unidentified: Richard Lefrak. I'm sorry, Richard Lefrak just called. He -- just when you have a chance, he had an idea for you.

Donald Trump: Okay, great.

Michael Cohen: Um, so, we got served from The New York Times. I told you this -- we were regarding...

Donald Trump: To what?

Michael Cohen: ..to unseal the divorce papers with Ivana. Um, we're fighting it. Um, Kasowitz is going to --

Donald Trump: They should never be able to get that done.

Michael Cohen: Never. Never. Kasowitz doesn't think they'll ever be able to. They don't have a --

Donald Trump: Get me a Coke, please!

Michael Cohen: They don't have a legitimate purpose, so --

Donald Trump: And you have a woman that doesn't want them unsealed.

Michael Cohen: Correct.

Donald Trump: Who you've been handling.

Michael Cohen: Yes. And --

Donald Trump: And it's been going on for a while.

Michael Cohen: About two, three weeks now.

Donald Trump: All you've got to do is delay for --

Michael Cohen: Even after that, it's not going to ever be opened. There's no, there's no purpose for it. Um, told you about Charleston. Um, I need to open up a company for the transfer of all of that info regarding our friend, David, you know, so that -- I'm going to do that right away. I've actually come up and I've spoken --

Donald Trump: Give it to me and...

Michael Cohen: And, I've spoken to Allen Weisselberg about how to set the whole thing up with ...

Donald Trump: So, what do we got to pay for this? One-fifty?

Michael Cohen: ...funding. Yes. Um, and it's all the stuff.

Donald Trump: Yeah, I was thinking about that.

Michael Cohen: All the stuff. Because -- here, you never know where that company -- you never know what he's --

Donald Trump: Maybe he gets hit by a truck.

Michael Cohen: Correct. So, I'm all over that. And, I spoke to Allen about it, when it comes time for the financing, which will be --

Donald Trump: Wait a sec, what financing?

Michael Cohen: Well, I'll have to pay him something.

Donald Trump: [Inaudible] pay with cash ...

Michael Cohen: No, no, no, no, no. I got it.

Donald Trump: ...check.

Unidentified: [Tape cuts off abruptly. Separate recording begins.] Hey Don, how are you?