Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-hurricane-victims-puerto-rico-october-3-2017

Donald Trump: Well, what I see is an incredible, an incredible job done by FEMA, done by the Coast Guard, the Army, the Navy, the Air Force, the Marines. I think that the job of the first responders has been something that I've never seen before.

Donald Trump: What FEMA, what the people that got here even before the hurricane have done... and the governor is with us, and your mayor with us also, and governor. What's happened... what's happened in terms of recovery, in terms of saving lives, sixteen lives, that's a lot, but compare that to the thousands of people that died in other hurricanes and, frankly, we're not nearly as severe.

Donald Trump: I just have such respect for FEMA and for all of the people who got here early and what they've been able to do. Governor, you may want to say something.

Ricardo Rossello: Yeah, well we're grateful for the President. We're grate for the effort that the federal government has embarked. You know, this is a team effort. We have all the way from mayors, to FEMA, to DoD, [Inaudible]is here with us as well.

Ricardo Rossello: Mr. President, we couldn't have done this if we didn't have those... that support. But, of course we recognize, and the president recognizes that we still need to do a lot more.

Ricardo Rossello: But we know that we're gonna do it together. This is a commitment by the President and the First Lady being here, shows a commitment to being here for the long haul, helping us get the emergency out, helping us get stability, and then rebuilding Puerto Rico stronger than before.

Donald Trump: Congresswoman, would you like to say something.

Jennifer Gonzalez Colon: First of all thank you. One of the things you have heard on the mainland it's not [Inaudible]. People from FEMA and the federal government were here [Inaudible] before, during and after. Same thing with Maria.

Jennifer Gonzalez Colon: We were hit by a hurricane, Category 5 in less than 10 days, one after the other one. So, if it's not by the Navy, the Army, the Coast Guard, they are rescuing more than 800 people and still pulling in, rescuing [Inaudible]

Jennifer Gonzalez Colon: It's is the first time in history that Puerto Rico got directly, it's in the first time in history that Puerto Rico got direct communication with the federal agencies with the governor to deal with this.

Jennifer Gonzalez Colon: We never before [Inaudible] we are used to hurricanes. But never like this one. This is a major one. This is devastation. But thanks for all the help and all the resources. The highway funds you sent to the island, the people from the agencies... all federal agencies are on the island because of you.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Question: [Inaudible, about electrical grid]

Donald Trump: It's getting fixed. The power grid honestly was devastated even before the hurricanes even hit. Then the hurricanes hit and they wiped them out. A lot of generators have been already brought to the island. Most of the hospitals are open,  at least partially open, but most of them now are open.

Donald Trump: Again, the job that's been done here is really nothing short of a miracle. It's been incredible. And I appreciate... and this is the major from this very important area, and Mr. Mayor I appreciate your efforts. I appreciate what you are doing.

Unidentified: Thank you. [Inaudible] On behalf of the people, who are U.S. citizens here, because this is a team. Your people are doing the right stuff for us.

Unidentified: We the mayors, we gotta do... this is a team. That's my experience over here right now, in the helping of thousands of thousands of people. So thank you. Thank you Mr. President

Donald Trump: Thank you very much everybody.