Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-national-day-prayer-september-1-2017

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. Americans have always come to the aid of their fellow countrymen. Friend helping friend, neighbor helping neighbor, stranger helping stranger -- we've seen it perhaps more so than at any time, so vividly at least, during Hurricane Harvey.

Donald Trump: From the beginning of our nation, Americans have joined together in prayer during times of great need to ask for God's blessing and God's guidance. When we look across Texas and Louisiana, we see the American spirit of service embodied by countless men and women.

Donald Trump: Brave first responders have rescued those stranded in drowning cars and rising water, and I have to tell you that I've watched the Coast Guard -- thousands of lives have been saved by our great Coast Guard. They have done incredible work in the most vicious seas that they've seen in many, many years.

Donald Trump: Families have given food and shelter to those in need. Houses of worship have organized efforts to clean up communities and repair damaged homes. People have never seen anything quite like this. Individuals of every background are striving for the same goal: to aid and comfort people facing devastating losses. As Americans, we know that no challenge is too great for us to overcome -- no challenge.

Donald Trump: We invite all Americans to join us as we continue to pray for those who have lost family members and friends, and for those who are suffering from this great crisis.

Donald Trump: And behind me, we have faith-based people who are highly respected, and especially so in their communities where they're not only respected, but they're loved -- evangelical leaders, Christian leaders -- many people of faith.

Donald Trump: And I just want to thank you all for being with us today because we're going to be signing a Day of Prayer, and that will be on Sunday. It will be a very special day. And I don't know when this was done last, but it's been a longtime coming. It's been a longtime coming.

Donald Trump: So I'm going to sign it, and then a few of the folks will say a few words, and Pastor Jeffress will say a prayer for not only the people so affected -- so horribly affected by Hurricane Harvey, but for the people of the nation and, in fact, the people of our world. [Proclamation is signed, Applause]

Donald Trump: Would somebody like to say a word or two to these very lovely people gathered before us?

Tom Mullins: Mr. President, we want to thank you for your leadership and for declaring this Day of Prayer that we desperately need in our nation.

Tom Mullins: I was talking with some of the faith leaders on the ground in Houston today who are diligently working to not only rescue and help recover and restore these families.

Tom Mullins: And they commented on the great cooperation that they're experiencing both from the local, state, and federal levels, and they wanted to send their heartfelt gratitude to you and to all of your team for the difference we're making in these people's lives. So thank you for your leadership.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. That's very nice.

Tom Mullins: Thank you. Thank you, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Ralph Reed: Mr. President, I think it goes without saying that in a moment like this, we all come together as Americans, we all bow to almighty God, we ask for his grace and his mercy over those who are affected. And we thank you, the Vice President, and your entire team -- FEMA -- everything you're doing to deploy every resource of government to help those who have been affected.

Ralph Reed: And most of all, Mr. President, we thank you for acknowledging that ultimately it is God who is the source of our unity as Americans, and I thank you for issuing this proclamation.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Unidentified: Mr. President, people of faith of all backgrounds know that prayer changes things. And a great work is done by anyone who calls a nation to prayer.

Unidentified: If we want to give you thanks for calling us to prayer -- because no matter where we are, across whatever spectrum, we know that prayer changes things, and it unites a nation. So thank you, sir, for uniting our nation and calling us to prayer.

Wayne Jackson: I just wanted to add that, in our community, we have been praying. We started a 40-day fast for the healing of America and the solemn protection of God. There are some things that we have to make -- not diminishing your office -- but in appeals to a higher source. We've got to look to heaven. He will empower us, strengthen you, and give you wisdom.

Donald Trump: Thank you. Don't be shy. Since when are you shy?

Gary Bauer: [Laughter] I'm not shy, Mr. President. Mr. President, this is a great moment. The country has a lot of challenges; you know that as President. To ask the country to turn back to God, to pray, is just an incredible thing for a President to do. I guess George Washington was the first one to do it.

Gary Bauer: A lot of Americans may have forgotten that the country was built on a moral idea. The second paragraph of the Declaration of Independence -- I know you know it: All men are created equal, endowed by their Creator -- that's God -- with certain unalienable rights, among these are right to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness.

Gary Bauer: That's what makes this a shining city that you're the honored President of, and reminding the American people that is amazing.

Donald Trump: Well, thank you very much. I very much appreciate it. Anybody else? Anybody else?

Frank Page: Well, thank you, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: From the beginning. Go ahead.

Frank Page: Yes, indeed. Thank you so much for your personal gift to the victims and our Southern Baptists and evangelicals and people of all faiths and no faith are out there helping one another.

Frank Page: And we appreciate your example in going tomorrow to show the presence -- something called ministry of presence. Sometimes it just means something to be there for people, and I appreciate you already having been there and you're going again. I just deeply appreciate that, and it shows a connection with the people that is so needed.

Frank Page: So I just personally want to say thank you. On behalf of Southern Baptists and Americans, thank you, Mr. President.

Paula White: I just thank you, sir, for calling on our nation to God, and it's been an honor to not only know you for 16 years, but to serve with your faith leaders. And you say that you always have put God first and you challenge us and continue to challenge us as you lead us.

Paula White: We thank you for your personal works. And this, I do believe, is a new beginning for us. As we look forward, we are going to see great things come. Thank you.

Donald Trump: Thank you. Pastor Jeffress, a prayer?

Robert Jeffress: Let's pray together, may we? [A prayer is said]

Donald Trump: Beautiful. Thank you. Thank you very much.

Question: A decision on DACA, Mr. President? Can we expect one --

Donald Trump: Sometime today or over the weekend we'll make a decision.

Question: Should DREAMers be worried?

Donald Trump: We love the DREAMers. We love everybody. Thank you very much. Thank you.

Question: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: We'll issue it sometime over the weekend. Maybe this afternoon.

Question: Will you sign emergency funding --

Donald Trump: We're working on emergency funding. We're doing everything we can and we're working very well with the Governor, who has done a terrific job.

Question: What do you say to the DREAMers who are scared right now, who feel like they're going to be (inaudible)?

Donald Trump: We think the DREAMers are terrific. Thank you.