Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-aluminum-imports-april-27-2017

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. Greatly appreciate it. This concerns the aluminum industry of this country, and I want to thank everybody for being here. I want to welcome all of the representatives of the aluminum industry, including Gabe Hudock, the CEO of Alumisource. And I visited Alumisource, and we had a great time seeing the workers. They are incredible people, but they've been put under tremendous, tremendous pressure and strain by outside sources.

Donald Trump: And we're going to end that pressure and strain, so that they can go back and grow and hire lots of wonderful American workers. Also I want to thank Secretary Ross -- Wilbur Ross for being here. He is quickly demonstrating to the entire world that we're serious about protecting our jobs and industries, like aluminum, a great industry that was a much bigger industry in terms of this country, and in terms of our workers -- and it will be again.

Donald Trump: Believe me I'd like to get it to be where it was or even beyond if that's possible. The American aluminum industry has been severely damaged by unfair foreign trade. Cheap subsidized foreign imports have flooded into the market destroying thousands of great American jobs -- jobs that are no longer. Eight U.S.-made smelters have either closed or reduced production since 2015. Only two smelters remain fully operational in our country. The United States now produces less aluminum than we did in 1952. Can you imagine that? 1952 -- we're doing less, and that's not going to happen.

Donald Trump: That's a disaster, and we're going back -- we're going to start that chart going up the other way very soon. Today I'm calling on Secretary Ross to prioritize the investigation -- he initiated yesterday -- into whether foreign aluminum imports are jeopardizing our Nationals security, and to submit a report setting forth his findings.

Donald Trump: Based on those findings, Secretary Ross will make formal recommendations to the White House as to what to do about the problem, and whether or not we do tariffs or taxes or something else to get our aluminium business going again.

Donald Trump: Aluminum is critical to our manufacturing and defense industry base. It's vital components mean everything from military aircraft and armored vehicles to our naval ships at sea. We cannot afford these dangerous times to become dependent on foreign nations for the aluminum that our military relies on. And I -- you look at our ships. I went to see some of the ships last week, and so much is aluminum-based and much of that aluminum comes from foreign countries, which is absolutely insane

Donald Trump: Today we're sending another clear signal to the world: we will fight for American workers, for American jobs, and we will fight always for the American dream. We're bringing it back. We're bringing it back fast. Jobs are coming in. We produced almost 600,000 jobs just in the short time that I'm in office, and that number is going very much higher over the next few months. We see what's happening in Michigan -- Ford and others are building new plants and expanding old plants, and they're no longer talking about running away from our country.

Donald Trump: They're talking about building their cars and other products by other companies right here in the USA. So we're going to have a lot of things happening, and I think the media -- when they report it honestly -- some of you do report it honestly -- but a lot of great things are happening. People don't want to leave. They want to come back and they want to create jobs in the United States. With that maybe I'll just have a few of the folks behind me introduce themselves in the name of their company, and we can start with Alcoa if we might go ahead.

Roy Harvey: Hi, my name is Roy Harvey. I'm the chief executive officer for Alcoa. We've been a smelting aluminum in the United States and the globe for 130 years, and we appreciate the support of the administration to try and make a level playing field.

Donald Trump: And it's very unlevel, right, for the last... a long time?

Roy Harvey: It's been an incredibly difficult decade particularly, with the growth of China.

Donald Trump: Okay go ahead. Yes.

Michelle O'Neill: Michelle O'Neill, with the Alcoa Corportation.

Donald Trump: Good, thank You Michelle.

Larry Bucshon: Larry Bucshon, Congressman from the 8th District of Indiana. Good to see you, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Thank you Larry.

Larry Bucshon: You're welcome.

Donald Trump: Thank you for your support too. God bless. Good job.

Larry Bucshon: Thanks for our Vice President. We appreciate it.

Mike Kelly: Mike Kelly, Pennsylvania 3. Good to see you Mr. President.?

Donald Trump: Mike, that's real support. Come here Mike [Laughter]  You're doing okay there, right. It was right for the beginning, right Mike?

Mike Kelly: You better believe it sir.

Donald Trump: Thank you Mike

Heidi Brock: I'm Heidi Brock, with The Aluminum Association. We represent the value chain of the aluminum industry, and 160,000 jobs in the United States. Thank you Mr. President

Donald Trump: Thank You.

Lee McCarter: Lee McCarter, CEO, JW Aluminum. We have been in business since 1980, and we've gotten hammered over the last 10 or 15 years. Appreciate your support.

Donald Trump: We'll change that around.

Lee McCarter: Thank you.

Donald Trump: I promise you that. Yes

Margaret Cosentino: Margaret Cosentino, with Arconic. We manufacture a highly engineered product for the aerospace, defense and automotive industry.

Garney Scott: Garney Scott from Scepter. I'm also chair of The Aluminum Association. We appreciate this action, and we're with you, and will support you. Thank you.

Donald Trump: Thank you. Appreciate it. Yes sir.

Michael Bless: Michael Bless, Mr. President. I'm CEO of Century Aluminum. We own the plant that makes the high purity aluminum that's so critical to the national defense. We had to separate a couple hundred union employees there recently, and with your leadership and commitment, we're gonna be able to bring them back. We can't thank you enough.

Donald Trump: You'll bring them back soon believe me. Yes ma'am.

Unidentified: Go ahead Gabe?

Gabe Hudock: I'm Gabe Hudock. I'm the president of Alumisource from Monessen, PA. Last June 28th, the President came to our facility. We shot the first cannonball over to the blue wall, and it was an aluminum cannonball. [Laughter]

Donald Trump: That's right. It was a great visit.

Jason Smith: Jason -- Jason Smith, Congressman, southeast Missouri, and we were one of those smelters that closed last year, losing 900 jobs, so thank you Mr. President.

Donald Trump: And you're doing a great job, thank you.

Jackie Walorski: Jackie Walorski , northern Indiana -- Indiana 2nd district. Mr. President, thank you so much. We have a lot of aluminum in our -- in our district for the defense industry. Thank you very much for what you've done. Appreciate it.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. Thank you. And Wilbur, everybody knows, right? Thank you very much. Thank you very much, everybody. Appreciate it. Thank you. Sign this? Who's gonna get the pen, that's the big question, right? Who's gonna get it? Maybe we'll give it to Wilbur, so he... right? Huh? Maybe we should do it.

Wilbur Ross: My motto was never to leave a meeting with less than I came in with. [Laughter. The executive order is signed]

Donald Trump: Okay, Wilbur?

Wilbur Ross: Thank you sir. [Applause]

Donald Trump: Thank you everybody.