Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-mar-a-lago-new-years-eve-december-31-2017

Note: [This recording was made by an attendee at the Mar-a-Lago New Year's Eve Party and given to CNN. ]

Donald Trump: But I have to start by thanking my family. Melania is here. Melania's parents are here. [Applause] She has been a really an incredible inspiration to a lot... she got to make a speech in Ohio recently. And making speeches all over. They always hold up the sign: "We love our First Lady."" We love our First Lady. [Applause] "

Donald Trump: We have just such tremendous support... the great Lou Dobbs is here, by the way. Lou Dobbs. [Applause] Where's Lou? Lou Dobbs. Stand up, Lou. Boy, I'll tell you. I've loved him for years, but now I really love him. [Laughter] And you know what? It's not about me. It's about... he's saying what he believes, Is that right? I mean, once in a while he'll hit me, right Lou? Fortunately not too much. I just wanted to tell you, you are fantastic and we appreciate it. Everybody in this room would agree. [Applause]

Donald Trump: We want to thank Phil Ruffin, Mrs. Ruffin, for being here. I want to thank the great Steve Wynn, who's back here someplace. Where's Steve? Where's Steve? He's doing a beautiful job. Phil... what they do is really fantastic. Lots of work.

Donald Trump: The country, by the way, is doing great. [Cheering] We just got our taxes cut. We have jobs pouring into the country. Europe isn't too happy with us because a lot of people are moving back into the United States. A lot of money is coming. You know, we have $4 trillion that's coming back, and we're doing it the way it should be, and I'll tell you: there's more to come. I won't give any more information than that. You hear that, Lou? There's more to come. More to come.

Donald Trump: And Anthony, where's Anthony sitting... where? I want to thank you, the great Anthony Pratt. He's... I'll tell you. He said I'm gonna to spend $2 million from Australia, one of the great people, one of the great businessmen in the world. He said, I'm going to spend $2 billion if Donald Trump wins, and now he's spending much more than that. So I like that. So thank you very much, Anthony. Fantastic. And your wife, thank you very much. [Applause]

Donald Trump: I want to thank Ivanka and Jared and Don, they're here, and all of my kids. Tiffany's here. Eric is here, and all of... the whole table over there, they're like a table of incredible supporters.

Donald Trump: So we're gonna have a great 2018. It's going to be something very, very special. It's all kicking in. We have some pretty good enemies out there, but step-by-step, they're being defeated. [Cheering] They're some bad people. Bad people. But that's okay. Someday, maybe they'll love us. I don't know. [Laughter]

Donald Trump: But, you know what they're going to love? Everybody's gonna love is what's happening with our country, because we're taking this big, beautiful ship, and we're slowly turning it around. I'd like to do it faster, but I think we've done more in one year... a lot of people have said -- even some of the critics have said -- that whether you like him or not, they've done a lot. They've done more than any other administration ever in the first year, that I can tell you. [Applause, Cheering]

Donald Trump: Regulations, the taxes, the courts. We've put on... we've just set a record for putting on Supreme Court justices all over the country. So I want to just thank you very much. The District courts, by the way, and I have to say, we have 145 positions at District courts. We've had 28 of them approved. We're going step-by-step, and they're fantastic, and that's supposed... that's really something that is so important.

Donald Trump: And of... everybody loves, on the Supreme Court, Justice Gorsuch. Do we love Justice Gorsuch? [Applause] We love him. He's a very...  he's a very special guy, and he's been doing great, and he really has been living up to all of the billing.

Donald Trump: So, have a fantastic year. We're going to start a countdown just about now. But have a fantastic year. I am proud to call you all my friends. Thank you for all of the support. And we will never, ever, and I say it all the time, we will never, ever let you down. Thank you. Thank you very much. Now, let's have a little music. [Applause] A little music. Go ahead. Great job you're doing.