Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-policy-washington-dc-february-3-2017

Donald Trump: Thank you, everybody, for being here this morning. This is a really world class group. I want to thank and congratulate Steve. You have done, as usual, an amazing job. Steve called me up the day after the election, it might have been the same time night, Jamie, to be honest with you. You know Steve. Maybe one minute.

Donald Trump: [Laughter] And he said, I'd like to put together a group of world-class leaders

Donald Trump: A couple of things happened this morning; 227,000 jobs, great spirit in the country right now. So we're very happy about that. I think that it's gonna continue big league. We're bringing back jobs, we're bringing down your taxes, we're getting rid of your regulations. I think it's gonna be some really very exciting times ahead. We're gonna do -- we're doing and we're gonna be coming up with a tax bill very son, a health care bill even sooner. And it's really working out.

Donald Trump: Toby from the Cleveland Clinic has been helping us a lot with the veterans and we appreciate that, Toby . And you've been amazing and Ike and all of our friends. We really appreciate it.

Donald Trump: Once of the things that I heard this morning in watching the news was that amazingly, it's never happened before, that politics has become a much bigger subject than the Superbowl. This is usually Superbowl territory and now they're saying that the politics is more interesting to people. So that's good.

Donald Trump: I see we have Larry here. Where is Larry? Larry did a great job for me. He managed a lot of my money, and I have to tell you, you got me great returns last time .

Donald Trump: [Laughter]

Donald Trump: And when they go crazy, we will use very smart people to make money. Why don't you get other people to run the economy? I said no, we have to get the right people. And the people that voted for me understand that and that's what they want.

Donald Trump: So when I campaigned for office, I promised the American people that I'd ask for our country's best and brightest and we have that. Wilbur is representing us as secretary. I tell you, you're gonna be so great, Secretary of Commerce Wilbur Ross. And just -- Carl Icahn called up. He goes, "I hear you got Wilbur." Everybody calls him Wilbur. I've never heard him called -- we just know him as Wilbur, right?

Donald Trump: We have the great Jack Welch , the legendary Jack Welch . We appreciate it.

Donald Trump: We're looking forward in a little while in the upcoming few moments to discuss all of the things that you think we can do to bring back our jobs, to get taxes even lower than we're gonna be cutting. We have a great plan, but I want to have your input on the plan in particular and to do what we have to do in terms of regulation. We have some of the bankers here.

Donald Trump: There's nobody better to tell me about Dodd-Frank than Jamie , so you're gonna tell me about it. But we expect to be cutting a lot out of Dodd-Frank because frankly, I have so many people, friends of mine that had nice businesses. They can't borrow money. They just can't get any money because the banks just won't let them borrow it because of the rules and regulations in Dodd-Frank. So we'll be talking about that.

Donald Trump: And with that, I just want to introduce somebody I've known for a long time who's done a fantastic job and we're thinking of having, maybe on a monthly basis. It'll go to a quarterly basis because all of a sudden, a monthly basis sounds like a lot. But we really want your input. We have the biggest, the brightest in the world, in this country, in this case. We also have a manufacture group which is worldwide, where we have, as you know, great companies representing.

Donald Trump: But these are the biggest and the best minds in this country and I really appreciate you being here. And I want to thank Steve, and Steve, maybe you'll say a few words.

Stephen Schwarzman: Sure.

Donald Trump: Well, I'd like to just start out and thank everybody for being here. The purpose of this group isn't for general discussion, which is OK. But the real purpose is to get things done, to advise the government as to areas where we can do things a lot better as a country for all Americans. And de-bottleneck some things.

Donald Trump: We have a full agenda, unlike a lot of other meetings. We're gonna cover some of the immigration things, we're gonna cover regulatory relief, we're gonna cover tax and trade, women in the workplace, infrastructure and education. And each of those areas, we'll get suggestions, ways to make things happen -- happen faster to improve the country.

Stephen Schwarzman: And anybody can say anything else they want, but it's really important that we mobilize the non-governmental sector and also importantly that we do it on a bipartisan basis, apparently a first in Washington -- or a modern Washington. And everybody on the group was selected because they're terrific, because they have domain expertise, because they want the country to do better.

Donald Trump: And we had no criteria , and as it works out, we have all kinds of different people from different backgrounds and different political persuasions and if we can make things work right, that's the way the country is supposed to work. And so it's a big sacrifice for the people who are here to spend the time. Everybody's busy, that's America. So to put those things aside to focus on this, not just for [inaudible] but there's prep work that goes into any successful meeting -- means these people, who've attended and taken the time, care about the country.

Donald Trump: And so that's the spirit in which we're approaching things. I wanted to thank everybody on the committee, you're terrific.

Donald Trump: Thank you. We're going to go around the room. But before we do that, I just want to say that so many people have called, friends of mine in big business, and they wanted to be on the committee. And I call Steve. I'd say, Steve, can we get so and so? Nope, we've got enough.

Donald Trump: [Laughter]

Donald Trump: I said what do you mean no?

Donald Trump: [Laughter]

Donald Trump: This is big business, massive business -- you know, public companies. And every once in a while, I call Steve, how about this one? No , he's a corporate raider, these people don't want to be sitting with corporate raiders.

Donald Trump: [Laughter]

Donald Trump: Five raiders wanted to come on. But he's been very, very selective and we'll be putting a couple more on [inaudible]. He's been very selective.

Donald Trump: I thought we might go around the room. Mary and I met last week, we had a fantastic meeting on the auto industry. We had Ford there, we had a lot of companies -- we had some great companies, Fiat Chrysler, Sergio. And I will tell you I learned about the automobile business. I thought I knew a lot, but they are being so stymied, so restricted with regulation and so many other reasons and they're pouring back into the country already.

Donald Trump: And if you look at Mark, who's telling us what they're doing with Ford and Bill Ford too, a lot of jobs are going to be coming back into Ohio and Michigan and Pennsylvania and all of the places that really have been hurt so badly.

Donald Trump: So maybe we could start with Mary. We'll just go around the room real fast so that everybody -- pretty much everybody knows each other, but it'll be nice to see .

Marry Barra: Mary Barra, chairman and CEO of General Motors.

Doug McMillon: Doug McMillon with Wal-Mart.

Larry Fink: Larry Fink, BlackRock.

Rich Lesser: Rich Lesser, Boston Consulting Group.

Jim McMurray: Jim McMurray , the old balding guy. [Laughter]

Paul Atkins: Paul Atkins with Patomak Global Partners.

Kevin Warsh: Kevin Warsh, Stanford University.

Elon Mush: Elon Musk, Tesla and SpaceX.

Toby Mosgrove: Toby Cosgrove, Cleveland Clinic

Jamie Dimon: Jamie Dimon, JP Morgan Chase

Dan Yergin: Dan Yergin, IHS Markit.

Jack Welch: Jack Welch, retired [Laughter]

Mark Weinberger: Mark Weinberger -- someday maybe I hope -- EY.

Adebayo O. Ogunlesi: Adebayo Ogunlesi, Global Infrastructure Partners

Ginni Rometty: Ginni Rometty, IBM.

Indra Nooyi: Indra Nooyi, Pepsico

Stephen Schwarzman: Steve Schwarzman from Blackstone.

Donald Trump: OK. Thank you very much. Thank you, folks.

Donald Trump: Thank you.