Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-coast-guard-golf-december-29-2017

Donald Trump: I like those hats. Thank you. So fellas, we're holding up, see the group behind? The man who just sold the Houston basketball team for two billion is in that group. [Laughter] He can wait. And he said, if it's for the Coast Guard, I don't mind waiting. I said, that's okay, you're going to wait. Thank you.

Donald Trump: I just want to thank you. You know we had our meeting over in Lake Worth. I know a lot of you are from beyond Lake Worth. So I said, this is for you guys, would a couple of people like to play golf? And I had about 50 people raise their hand, and about 75 people showed up. So today, the course, we closed the course.

Donald Trump: The coast Guard is going to use the course. And look, You're going to have a little tournament. You're going to determine who the best player is. Maybe it's the boss, I don't know. But we'll make a determination as to who the best player is.

Donald Trump: The media is terrific. Any sports media there? Any, I know you're not sports. Any of the sports media? They're going to have a little Coast Guard challenge.

Donald Trump: So enjoy the course. It's one of the great courses of the world as you know. The 17th hole, I think all of you were watching my shot, right? Did you see it? I shot and it's a birdie. Don't say I took a triple bogey. It's a birdie.

Donald Trump: So fellas just go enjoy. I know that you ate. It's an honor to have you, and you'll come back and we'll do this in a little bit. And really, the job you did in Florida, and frankly, especially, you know, the job they did in Texas saved 16,000 people. It's unheard of.

Donald Trump: So I just want to thank you. The Coast Guard is fantastic, and I said come and use my course. I didn't know I'd be flooded. But that's okay. You guys go have a good time. Let me know who won. We'll give him a little trophy, okay? Is he a tough guy to work for? Thank you everybody. Thank you very much.