Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-las-vegas-emergency-command-center-october-4-2017

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. We really appreciate it. That a job. [Applause]

Donald Trump: People all over the world are talking about the real professionalism and we want to thank you. Governor, thank you very much.

Donald Trump: Senator, thank you very much. We appreciate it. Sheriff. He's more famous than anybody right now. [Laughter]

Joseph Lombardo: I don't like being famous.

Donald Trump: Great leadership. Great leadership.

Joseph Lombardo: So as I explained earlier. This is our department operation center, which the benevolence of the federal government funded.

Joseph Lombardo: So this is obviously in the bottom floor of the police headquarters and this was where we do all operational decisions during throughout the event. It will be stood up for probably another week...

Donald Trump: Right.

Joseph Lombardo: ...on a 24-hour basis and all investigative leads and everything that you can imagine funnels through here. So we... this is where actually it is joining forces.

Joseph Lombardo: So we have all the Department of Public Safety representation here, along with emergency managers, and the hospital system, the first responder medical system and everything, as you can imagine, that occurs during the crisis...

Donald Trump: Impressive.

Joseph Lombardo: ...so we could speak with one voice. That's the important piece. And so a lot of these folks are, are not supposed to be in here, probably because you are here. [Laughter] But these are all people that were instrumental in the success of our critical incident.

Joseph Lombardo: And they will also be part of our success for the continuance of the investigation, so I think it's important for you to see what your leadership is providing.

Donald Trump: Well I can tell you on behalf of our country, our great, great country, we want to thank you. You have been a real inspiration. This is a rough time, but you didn't get up there so quickly, it could have been worse. It could have been a lot worse.

Donald Trump: And we just want to thank you. The whole world has watched and they seen professionalism like you rarely see. So I just want to thank you all very much. Appreciate it very much. Thank you.

Joseph Lombardo: Thank you.