Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-small-business-administration-august-1-2017

Donald Trump: Well, thank you very much. It's great honor to be here. This magnificent house, known as the White House. We're pleased to welcome Members of Congress, and so many incredible entrepreneurs to the White House to celebrate the work of the Small Business Administration as it enters its -- believe-it-or-not -- 65th year.

Donald Trump: I'd like to just say that Senator Jim Risch is here. Jim, thank you very much. Marco Rubio, a strong competitor, I will tell you that. Senator journey... Joni Ernst, who's been my friend for a long time now, and we appreciate you being here Joni, and they love you in Iowa, don't they, huh? Steve Shabbat, where's Steve. Steve? And Mike Kelly, good Mike.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much for being here, all of you. We really appreciate it. I want to thank Administrator Linda McMahon for doing a tremendous job, helping small businesses all across our country. She has been incredible. I've known her for a long time and her husband. and herself, built an incredible business, she's determined to transform America and American dreams into reality.

Donald Trump: We also want to thank my daughter Ivanka for her incredible work on behalf of small businesses and women entrepreneurs. Your stories demon... -- and this is really a fact -- and I've read some of these stories -- but they demonstrate what it takes to succeed. You thrive because you found something that you love to do, pursued it with all of your heart, and never, ever gave up. So important. You just don't give up.

Donald Trump: America is on the verge of a golden age for small business. We're ending job-killing regulation, you folks know that very well, and we're really ending at a record place, right?

Donald Trump: We're eliminating the tremendous, the massive restrictions on American energy, and numbers are going to be released next week that are going to be earth-shattering as to what we're doing with energy, and the amounts of energy we're producing -- far greater than ever before, and pursuing bold tax cuts. So that our companies can thrive, compete and grow.

Donald Trump: Our stock market has reached an all-time high today, all-time high. Think of it. Nobody ever talks about. They don't talk about. I keep telling General Kelly, General come on. Let's go, you're Chief of Staff.

Donald Trump: They don't talk about the all time high stock market. And they don't talk about another factor, that unemployment just hit a 16 year low. They don't want to talk about it.

Donald Trump: And I think to me, maybe the biggest is that GDP for the quarter just released at 2.6 percent. So that's so much higher than anticipated. Remember I was saying we're gonna try and hit three percent sometime over the next period of two years. Well, 2.6 is getting closer, Gary, closer than we thought and a lot faster than we thought.

Donald Trump: But don't worry about the three, we're gonna be higher than three in not too distant future. So we're setting economic records and we're very proud of it. And that's you know very big thing and the jobs are coming pouring back, factories are coming pouring back into our country, into our country, jobs are coming back.

Donald Trump: You saw the Foxconn last week, they're going to spend 10 billion, but he is one of the great businessmen of our time, and I think the number is going to be 30 million.

Donald Trump: So he told me, off the record, he thinks he may go. 30. 30 billion. Think of this, he may go 30 billion dollar investment. But he told me that off the record, so I promised I wouldn't tell anybody. [Laughter]

Donald Trump: That's called big business by the way. Ok, that's big business. You'll be big business. You got to start off small, but you're gonna be big like that. He started off small, now he's about the biggest.

Donald Trump: But I want to thank Foxconn and and the group. They're spending a tremendous amount of money in Wisconsin and other places, and they have been fantastic together. We're unleashing a new era of American prosperity, perhaps like we've never seen before, and you see it day by day. You don't hear too much from the media, but I think the media is gonna actually be forced to cover it pretty soon. They're gonna have no choice.

Donald Trump: I'm very inspired to be in the company of such motivated entrepreneurs, people... people that I really respect, because I know what it takes. I've been there and believe me, I know what it takes. You are the dreamers and the innovators who are powering us into the future.

Donald Trump: That's exactly what you are and my administration will be there with you every single step of the way, and so will these people right here every single step of the way. So thank you and thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you very much everybody [Applause]