Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-rodrigo-duterte-manila-november-13-2017

Rodrigo Duterte: [In Progress] But on the whole, I think I have so many things to say about [Inaudible]. I will just summarize [Inaudible]. We are your ally. We are an important ally. [Inaudible] And I will request everybody to -- after you've taken the shots, with the best angles that you would like -- kindly go out. I cannot discuss the things that they want to say. You may want to make an -- just a statement so that the media is going to have something to go back home.

Donald Trump: Yeah, I would. And I will say this: The media was a little bit late, and you actually missed the best part of the President's statement. [Laughter] I think he should make it again, but it was good.

Donald Trump: But we've had a great relationship. This has been very successful. We have many meetings today with many other leaders. And the ASEAN conference has been handled beautifully by the President in the Philippines and your representatives. And I've really enjoyed being here. The weather is always good. Today it's pretty good. But one thing about the Philippines -- eventually it gets good, no matter what.

Donald Trump: But we very much appreciate the great treatment you've given us. I thought last night's event was fantastic. Tremendous talent -- most of it, I guess, from the Philippines. But tremendous talent -- musical talent, dance talent. And we really had a tremendous time, all of the leaders. So I think on behalf of everybody, I want to thank you and I want to thank the Philippines. Thank you very much.

Rodrigo Duterte: You're welcome, Mr. President.

Question: Mr. President -- [Inaudible] --

Rodrigo Duterte: We're not answering any -- this is not the press statement. We are in a bilateral meeting. Maybe the press conference will follow.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.

Rodrigo Duterte: We will be talking on matters of interest to both the Philippines and -- with you around, guys, you're the spies. Yes, you are. [Laughter]