Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-union-washington-dc-january-23-2017

Donald Trump: Thank you all for getting here. This is a group that I know well whether personally or just because I've hired thousands and thousands and thousands of you. As you can say, Sean , right? You know that better than anybody. We just officially terminated TPP. [Applause])

Donald Trump: And I've just signed a document, a very powerful document, and we're going to have trade but we're going to have one on one and if somebody misbehaves, we're going to send them a letter of termination, 30 days, and they'll either straighten it out or we're gone. Not one of these deals where we can't get out of them, it's a disaster, so we'll have plenty of trade but TPP wasn't the right way so we're going back to those countries one on one and that'll be beautiful.

Donald Trump: We're going to have a lot of building going on, we're going to have a lot of plant expansion and a lot of brand new plants as we met with the head of Ford today, the head of many of the great companies, Johnson & Johnson. They're very, very excited about what we're doing, you guys will be responsible for getting this class  built in nine months instead of 18 years.

Donald Trump: You know, the process today when they put in for a plant, it takes so long, and by the way, you all know our great vice president, Mike Pence. I think you know some of the folks in the room. I know almost all of the folks in the room. So, it's just a great honor to have you here. It's a great honor. You've been very special to me, I have told you for whether it's sheet metal workers, how have you been.

Unidentified: All right.

Donald Trump: I've hired a few of them over the years, haven't I?

Unidentified: I think you have.

Donald Trump: I just finished building one right over down the street and you guys did a great job.

Unidentified: That's good to know...

Donald Trump: ...They did a great job. So, we're going to put a lot of people back to work, we're going to use common sense and we're going to do it the way it's supposed to be done. We're going to stop the ridiculous trade deals that have taken everybody out of our country and taken companies out of our country and it's going to be reversed. I think you're going to have a lot of companies come back to our country.

Donald Trump: Companies that left are going to come back to our country and they're going to hire a lot of people. It's inconceivable to me that this was allowed to happen in the first place. And I'm not blaming President Obama for this, I'm blaming many, many years long beyond Obama. Believe me. This has been going on for decades and it's a trend that we are going to stop cold.

Donald Trump: And we started today which is my first official day for signing major things ere go , I started from the hour I got here but this is the day that we want to decide some of the legislation having to do with you folks  so if you have any questions, let me know. We'll start doing it right now.

Question: Mr. President, when are you going to renegotiate NAFTA ?

Donald Trump: That was not -- say it ?

Question: When will you begin to renegotiate NAFTA?

Donald Trump: At the appropriate time.