Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-meeting-al-thani-qatar-september-19-2017

Donald Trump: Well, thank you very much. It's my great honor to be with the Emir of Qatar. And we've been friends a long time; people don't realize that. We know each other for a long time.

Donald Trump: And we are right now in a situation where we're trying to solve a problem in the Middle East, and I think we'll get it solved. I have a very strong feeling that it will be solved pretty quickly.

Donald Trump: But we're talking, also, trade and many other things. And we've had a tremendous relationship for the last short period of time, especially since our meeting in Saudi Arabia, which I think was an epic and very important -- really a very historic meeting.

Donald Trump: And now we want to make the most of it by getting things settled. But we also want to continue trade and many other things. So we look forward to our meetings and our individual meetings, and -- for many years to come.

Hamad bin Khalifa Al Thani: Thank you very much. Well, Mr. President, thank you very much for seeing me. I'm very happy to be with you here.

Hamad bin Khalifa Al Thani: And as you mentioned, the relationship between the United States of America and Qatar is a very strong relationship, a historic relationship. And since we met in Riyadh, which was, as you said, a very, very important meeting, and we signed those agreements -- we were the first country to respond to this agreement, and we signed this MOU of counterterrorism.

Hamad bin Khalifa Al Thani: So we really appreciate this relationship, Mr. President. We have a lot to talk about -- trade, military cooperation, security cooperation.

Hamad bin Khalifa Al Thani: So thank you very much. And as you said, Mr. President, we have a problem with our neighbors, and your interference will help a lot. And I'm sure that, with your interference, hopefully we can find a solution for this problem. We've always said that we're very open for dialogue, and we'll always be open for dialogue.

Donald Trump: We will get it solved. Thank you very much everybody. Thank you. Thank you.