Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-washington-dc-february-10-2017

Donald Trump: It was really good. Are you comfortable?

Question: Can we talk about some of what you said?

Donald Trump: What?

Question: Some of what you said at the press conference

Donald Trump: Sure.

Question: You spoke about -- you're going to win this, this court battle against the immigration and travel ban...

Donald Trump: We'll win that battle. The unfortunate part is it takes time statutorially. So it takes a little time. We'll win that battle, but we also have a lot of other options, including just filing a brand new order...

Question: Is that your plan?

Donald Trump: Could very well be, but I'd like to keep you -- you know, I'd like to surprise you. We need speed for reasons of security, so it could very well be that we do that.

Question: What are some of the changes that you're looking at?

Donald Trump: Very little. Just in honor of the decision, we will perhaps do that. We'll see. But on Monday or Tuesday.

Question: You talked about new security measures. Is that separate from potentially writing a new...

Donald Trump: We're going to have very, very strong vetting, I call it extreme vetting, and we're going to have very strong security in our country. We are going to have people come into our country that want to be here for good reasons.

Question: What you think of reports reports that General Flynn had conversations with the Russians about sanctions before you were sworn in?

Donald Trump: I don't know about it. I haven't seen it. What report is that?

Question: The Washington Post is reporting that he talked to the ambassador to Russia before you were inaugurated about sanctions...

Donald Trump: I haven't seen that. I'll look at that.

Question: Mr. President, what is the response to the Iranian president, who earlier today, told people that any -- any nation that threatens the nation of Iran is going to regret it eventually?

Donald Trump: He better be careful.

Donald Trump: Thank you. Thank you very much.