Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-tax-bill-passage-december-20-2017

Donald Trump: [Applause] Thank you, everybody, very much. These are the people right behind me. They've worked so long, so hard. It's been an amazing experience.

Donald Trump: I have to tell you. Hasn't been done in 34 years, but actually really hasn't been done because we broke every record. It's the largest -- I always say the most massive -- but it's the largest tax cut in the history of our country and reform, but the tax cut. Really something special.

Donald Trump: And I notice this just came out. Two minutes ago, they handed it to me. AT&T plans to increase U.S. capital spending $1 billion dollars and provide $1,000 special bonus to more than 200,000 U.S.

Donald Trump: employees. And that's because of what we do. So that's pretty good. That's pretty good. And I have a whole list of accomplishments that the group behind me have done in terms of this administration and this Congress.

Donald Trump: But you heard it before, records all over the place, and that will continue and then some because of what we did. $3.2 trillion in tax cuts for American families, including doubling the standard deduction and doubling the child tax credit. The typical family of four earning $75,000 will see an income tax cut of more than $2,000. They will have $2,000 -- and that's in my opinion, will be less than the average.

Donald Trump: I think you will have a lot more than that. One thing very important for the farmers, the great farmers and great small business owners that were forced to sell their businesses at bargain-basement numbers. We have provided for the most part estate taxes wiped out, so they can keep their farms in the family, and that to me is a very big factor, very big. This is -- This is going to mean companies are going to be coming back.

Donald Trump: You know I campaigned on the fact that we're not going to lose our companies anymore. They're going to stay in our country. They will stay in our country. And you've been seeing what's happening at this prospect, but they have tremendous enthusiasm right now in this country and we have companies pouring back into our country, and that means jobs, and it means really the formation of new young, beautiful, strong companies, So that's going to be very, very important, The pass-throughs you know all about and the small businesses will be big beneficiaries.

Donald Trump: We are going to bring at least $4 trillion back into this country. Money that was frozen overseas and in parts of the world and some of them don't even like us and they had the money. Well, they won't have the money long. So it's -- it's really -- I guess it's very simple when you think, you haven't heard this expression, but we are making America great again.

Donald Trump: You haven't heard that have you? I want to -- I want to have them get up and get the glamour and the glory, and I want to have a few of them come up. They will speak for a little while short. The shorter, the better. That way we can get all of you.

Donald Trump: We get everybody up, right. But I want to thank Mitch McConnell. I want to thank -- what a job, What a job. I want to thank Paul. They're going to speak.

Donald Trump: They will say a few words but Paul Ryan and Mitch. We were a little team. We got together and we would work very hard, didn't we? It seems like it was a lot of fun. It's always a lot of fun when you win.

Donald Trump: If you work hard and lose, that's not acceptable. But I will name a few names and then some of them will come up, but people I saw so much of over the last month and really over the last almost year because when you think of it, we haven't even been a year and we did the largest tax cut in our history. We -- I hate to say this, but we essentially we repealed Obamacare because we got rid of the individual mandate, which was terrible, and that was a primary source of funding of Obamacare and ANWR. So a friend of mine, oh congratulations, Dan Where's Dan?

Unidentified: He's not here.

Donald Trump: Oh, OK. I'll, tell you, between Dan and Don and Lisa. You've done a very great job. So a friend of mine called up about ANWR.

Donald Trump: He said, "You didn't get ANWR."" I said

Donald Trump: Thank you very much, Lisa Murkowski. So John Cornyn. Orrin is a special person. Tim Scott has been incredible, He's going to say a few words.

Donald Trump: [Laughter, Applause] I have it mostly memorized, but Tim Scott has been great. John Thune. Where's John? John, great job, John. Rob Portman, a real student of the tax world. Rob, thank you very much.

Donald Trump: I want to thank, I said hello to John Cornyn, Pat Toomey. He has been, we rode together in Pennsylvania. Pat where's, Pat? Pat. He knows his business.

Donald Trump: Susan Collins, we want to thank. Susan's around somewhere. Thank you, Susan. All friends.

Donald Trump: I look at these people. It's like we're warriors together. Kristi Noem on the House. We have Kristi Noem and Diane Black.

Donald Trump: Our great Speaker, Paul Ryan, and he is a great Speaker. [Applause] Great job, Kevin McCarthy. Kevin, we had fun. Did we have a good time? Steve Scalise, he's braver than all of us.

Donald Trump: Where is he? Where is he? He had a rougher year than most of us, but it's a hell of a way to lose weight, Steve. Not a good way. We love you, Steve, great job, Great job. Kevin Brady.

Donald Trump: Kevin, Kevin Brady. So maybe what I'll do is -- and by the way I mentioned AT&T, but many companies have come forward and saying they're so happy and they will be doing similar announcements. So we will see something very special. We're bringing the entrepreneur back into this country.

Donald Trump: We're getting rid of all the knots and the ties, and you will see you will see what happens and ultimately what does it mean? It means jobs, jobs, jobs. So it will be a very special period of time. We're in a special period of time. It will be even more so.

Donald Trump: I want to thank everybody behind me. Maybe I could start with Mitch and then Paul, and then we will have a few folks come up and say a few words, and then we will have a little fun. Mitch, how about you starting? [Applause]

Mitch McConnell: Well, let me just say, Mr. President, you made the case for the tax bill, but this has been a year of extraordinary accomplishment for the Trump administration. [Applause]. We've cemented the Supreme Court right of center for a generation.

Mitch McConnell: Mr. President, thanks to your nominees, we put 12 Circuit Court judges in place, the most since the Circuit Court system was established in 1891. You hold the record. You've ended the over-regulation of the American economy and that, coupled with what we did last night and the House finished this morning, means America will start growing again.

Mitch McConnell: Thank you, Mr. President, for all you're doing. [Applause]

Paul Ryan: First of all, what this represents is a promise that each and every one of us made to the American people last year is a promise that is kept today. Something this big, something this generational, something this profound could not have been done without exquisite presidential leadership. Mr. President, thank you for getting us over the finish line.

Paul Ryan: Thank you for getting us where we are. I just want to quickly, say thanks, because this has been such a team effort from everybody. I want to thank Gary Cohn and Steve Mnuchin from the president's economics team for what they did to get us here. I want to thank my partner, Mitch, McConnell, over in the Senate, and I want to thank these two chairmen, Orrin Hatch and Kevin Brady.

Paul Ryan: Thank you so much for your leadership on this. It is really simple. The message to the hard-working taxpayers of America is, "Your tax relief is on its way."" That is what's happening here. The message to the families in America who have been struggling

Paul Ryan: Your tax rates are going down and your paychecks are going up. This is the kind of relief that Americans deserve. This is the kind of tax reform and tax cuts that get our economy growing to reach its potential. This gets us better wages, bigger paychecks, a simpler tax system.

Paul Ryan: This gets the American economy competitive in the global economy. This is one of the most important things we could do for all of the people we represent. This is generational, and we're so excited that we are going to launch next year this fantastic tax reform so that the American people can see how we can truly reach our economic growth and our economic potential. And if it weren't for all the leadership of the men and women up here, this would not have been made possible.

Paul Ryan: But, lastly, I just want to thank the American people. I want to thank the American people for putting their trust in us, for giving us this chance and this ability to make this moment possible. Thank you very much.

Donald Trump: A man who's been working very hard. Thank you, Paul. Very, very hard for a long period of time, and last night was very much a culmination, but I don't know if we will have bigger moments, but we hope to. We are going to try.

Donald Trump: A very special guy and a great friend of mine, Vice President Mike Pence.

Mike Pence: Well, thank you, Mr. President. Thank you for those kind words, but, more importantly, thank you for your leadership. Thank you for your boundless faith in the American people and thank you for keeping your promise to see this Congress deliver the largest tax cut in American history before Christmas of this year.

Mike Pence: Merry Christmas, America, The members of our cabinet, Leader McConnell, Speaker Ryan, to all these members of Congress. Thank you. Thank you not only for being here today for this special moment but thank you for your leadership and support throughout this year. I truly do believe.

Mike Pence: Mr. President, that this will be remembered as a pivotal moment in the life of our nation. The day when the Congress answered your call and made history. But honestly, I would say to the American people, "President Trump has been making history since the first day of this administration."" [Applause] We've been rebuilding our military standing with our veterans and just last week

Mike Pence: Since the days of Ronald Reagan, We've been defending borders, upholding the rule of law. Illegal crossings on our southern border are down by more than 50%, and President Trump has been restoring American credibility on the world stage, standing with allies, and standing up to our enemies. As the president reflected today, our NATO allies are paying more toward common defense. North Korea is more isolated than ever before.

Mike Pence: This president has put Iran on notice and put the war on Afghanistan on a path to victory, and thanks to the leadership of this commander in chief and the courage of our armed forces, ISIS is on the run. Their capital has fallen and their so-called caliphate has crumbled across Syria and Iraq. But what brings us here today is that President Trump also knows that American strength starts with a growing American economy. And from the first day of this administration, this president championed free and fair trade.

Mike Pence: He rolled back federal red tape at record levels, unleashed American energy and, today, Mr. President, you fulfilled the promise you made to millions of Americans struggling in this economy to cut taxes across the board for working families and businesses, large and small. In August of this year, the president laid out his vision for a tax cut that would be a middle-class miracle, and that's exactly what the Congress passed today. This tax cut will put more money in the pockets of our American people.

Mike Pence: It will make businesses across America more competitive, to create good-paying jobs and raise wages for working Americans. I can tell you, I serve with him every day. President Donald Trump is a man of his word. He's a man of action.

Mike Pence: And with the strong support of these members of Congress, President Donald Trump delivered a great victory for the American people. We made history today, But, as the president said when we gathered this morning, a few of us with a few less hours sleep than usual, we're just getting started. And I can assure you this president, this entire administration, will not rest and relent until the forgotten men and women of America are forgotten no more. So thank you, Mr.

Mike Pence: President. Thank you for your leadership. Thank you for your love for this country and the people of this country, and I know in my heart with the strong, continued support of the members of Congress who are gathered on these steps and with God's help, you will make America great again. [Applause]

Donald Trump: Thank you, Mike, very much, A friend of mine, a very, very special man, Tim Scott. Tim, I'd like you to say a few words. He came in and he would solve some problems that we weren't looking too good a couple of times, and Tim was really really a tremendous help. Thank you, Tim. [Applause]

Tim Scott: Well. Mr. President, during one of those conversations we had, we talked about ways to improve distressed communities throughout this country: 52 million Americans living in distressed communities, and we talked about legislation that can move those communities forward. And you said yes.

Tim Scott: And as a part of this tax reform package, the Investing and Opportunity Act has been included, which will bring trillions of dollars into poor communities because of your willingness to listen. [Applause] The president said I only have about 45 more minutes. So I will get to my. -- [Laughter] He didn't say that.

Tim Scott: OK. Got it. Let me just say to those Americans who are watching this process. This is not about Washington, it's not about the left.

Tim Scott: It's not about the right. It's about single-parent moms who are looking for a reason to be hopeful in 2018. This tax reform plan delivers for the average single mother a 70% tax cut. For the average family who's working paycheck to paycheck, looking for ways to be hopeful about their future, to have an extra night for dinner out at a restaurant, this tax reform package cuts their taxes by nearly 60%.

Tim Scott: And because of folks like Marco Rubio and Ivanka, when you think about folks with kids in the household, this plan doubles the child tax credit and makes about 70% of it refundable. This is a plan that we can be proud of because it speaks to the hearts of everyday Americans. [Applause]

Donald Trump: Diane, come on up. Diane Black. Thank you, Diane. [Applause]

Diane Black: Thank you, Mr. President, and I want to thank all of the folks that are standing behind me. Because it has been a team effort. When we talk about doing tax reform and the Tax Reform and Jobs Cuts Act, that is what the American people are going to benefit by.

Diane Black: And, as Tim has just said, it is the average American. That's the reason why we did this tax reform. We looked at those right in the middle, those families that need the assistance and the help and the relief to be able to live their lives. The way we are promised with the American Dream.

Diane Black: It is such an honor to stand here with the president of the United States, the vice president of the United States, who have been an integral part in making sure this happened. I want to thank Kevin Brady, who I know hours and hours and hours worked hard to make this happen in what was really a short period of time. And some of the folks that are being left out right now, and I know we've thanked them before, but I want to thank them publicly, and that is all of the staff that has worked so hard in both the House and the Senate to make this happen. [Applause] .

Diane Black: Now we can say Merry Christmas to the American people because we are giving them a huge gift for Christmas: a break in these taxes and an opportunity for our jobs to grow and to give them a bigger paycheck. And so I want to say thank you to Mr. President. Thank you, President Trump, for allowing us to have you as our president, and to make America great again. [Applause]

Donald Trump: Thank you, Diane. Very much and we can say Merry Christmas, again. People are saying Merry Christmas again, and we like the sound. I want to ask Lisa Murkowski and Dan Sullivan to come up from Alaska.

Donald Trump: They've been really working, and if Don Young is here -- and I think he's around here -- the three of them. Come here. Come here. Dan, get over here.

Dan Sullivan: Yes, sir.

Donald Trump: Lisa.

Lisa Murkowski: Thank you. Mr. President, I don't know if you recognize it. This is a very historic day, of course, but it's also the beginning of winter solstice. It doesn't feel like it right now, but winter solstice, it's the darkest day and for us in Alaska, we've had pretty dark days recently.

Lisa Murkowski: But with the passage of this tax bill, with passage finally, almost 40 years later, to allow us to open up the 1002 area, this is a bright day for Alaska. This is a bright day for America. [Applause] So we thank you for that. We thank you for that.

Lisa Murkowski: Think about it. Thirty-one years we've been working on tax reforms, 38 years now to open up ANWR. This has been a multigenerational fight and I look at some of our friends from Alaska who have come 5,000 miles to be here for the vote last night and today. [Applause] To those, to those who live there, to those who raise their families there, and to those who are looking to live for generations know that our promise to you today is a bright future.

Lisa Murkowski: One where we care for our environment, where we care for our people, and we also care for our country and providing a resource that is needed not only by the United States, by Alaskans, but by our friends and allies, This Mr. President is what energy dominance is all about. So let's go. Thank you.

Dan Sullivan: Well. Mr. President, I want to thank you and your administration, Secretary Zinke, he's doing a great job. But Senator Murkowski said it well.

Dan Sullivan: This administration has come in and recognized this incredible, incredible resource that we have in our nation. Developing our energy is good for jobs. It's good for energy security. It's good for manufacturing, it's good for the environment because we have the highest standards in the world, and it's very, very good for our foreign policy and national security.

Dan Sullivan: Mr. President, sir, you released your national security strategy a couple days ago and in there you talk about the economy, which is what this tax bill is all about, but you also talk about energy dominance and I want to thank you. I want to thank you on behalf of all Alaskans and the American people, because it's the right policy and we're finally, finally doing it. Thank you, sir.

Don Young: Thank you. Mr. President, I want to thank all these guys standing behind me. These ladies, the people that helped me do this.

Don Young: This is 37 years I tried to get this passed. It proves one thing, perseverance overcomes intelligence any day of the year, But I want to thank the president. I want to thank you, Mr. President, and my two senators.

Don Young: This is a team that can't be beat. This is right for Alaska. This bill does what's right for this nation and the great land will be great again. Thank you.

Don Young: Mr. President. [Applause]

Donald Trump: He's a pretty popular guy, pretty good. I want to ask Orrin Hatch, a special friend of mine. I can tell you that somebody that spoke really well of me when it wasn't exactly the easiest thing to do. He was just always in there always fighting for all of us and did a fantastic job as chairman. Orrin, say a few words, please. [Applause]

Orrin Hatch: Well. Mr. President, I have to say that you're living up to everything I thought you would. You're one heck of a leader and we're all benefiting from it.

Orrin Hatch: This bill could not have passed without you, couldn't have passed without the Alaska delegation, couldn't have passed without the leadership in the House and the Senate, and Paul Ryan and Mitch McConnell and the other leaders. As l, all I can say is that we're making headway -- and this is just the beginning. If you stop and think about it, this president hasn't even been in office for a year and look at all the things he's been able to get done by sheer will in many ways. I just hope that we all get behind him every way we can, and we will get this country turned around in ways that will benefit the whole world, but above all, benefit our people and bring us all to a realization of how really great America really is and how the rest of the world depends on us.

Orrin Hatch: I love this country. I came from very humble roots and I have to say that this is one of the great privileges of my life to stand here on the White House lawn with the president of the United States, who I love and appreciate so, and with these wonderful colleagues and cabinet member who stand behind us, and to see all of you and realize that you care too. All I can say is that God loves this country. We all know it.

Orrin Hatch: We wouldn't be where we are without him and we love all of you and we're going to keep fighting and we're going to make this the greatest presidency that we've seen, not only in generations but maybe ever, God bless all of you. [Applause]

Donald Trump: Paul Ryan just said, "How good was that""? [Laughter] Another very special man

Kevin Brady: Thank you, OK, guys. [Applause] Thank you, Mr. President. This is a historic day.

Kevin Brady: It's an exciting day, and I knew I was going to be here with you to mark this momentous occasion, so I wore my Houston Astros tie because they're still the champion of the World Series. [Laughter] I figured today you would give me some slack on that. Look, this is a historic day in so many ways, and it didn't happen just by itself. People often ask, "When did you know? When did you know tax reform could be achieved in America for the first time in 31 years?"" My answer is always the same: Nov."

Kevin Brady: 8, when President Trump, you were elected president of the United States. That's when I knew it was real. And when you put together the great ideas on tax reform from inside and outside Congress -- and I see many of you here today with us, remarkable leadership and courage from the men and women behind me in the Senate and especially my colleagues in the House, when you put together remarkable leadership in the House and the Senate, the work that was done in the White House, Gary and Steve, Vice President Pence and, Mr. President, your willingness to make this your commitment to go across the country to sell the need for tax reform and then stay at the table with us and on the phone with us to get this done, but for your leadership we would not be here today.

Kevin Brady: Thank you so much. And let me finish by speaking directly to the American people. There are three dates you need to put on your calendar. The first is New Year's Day because, on New Year's, our country will have a new tax code for a new era of American prosperity.

Kevin Brady: New Year's Day. In February, look to your paychecks. Hard-working Americans will see the result of the hard work of this president and this Congress to make this tax reform possible. It will show in your paychecks.

Kevin Brady: And then April 15, that hated day. [Laughter] This April 15 will be the last time you ever file your taxes under this horrible, broken tax code because you'll have a new one for the future of your family and your small business. [Applause] So this is a great day for our country, a great day for our economy and a great day for America. Thank you, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Thank you. You did a fantastic job. And another man who was with us all the way, no matter when I called, he was there or he would get back within minutes, Kevin McCarthy. [Applause]

Kevin McCarthy: To the president, and vice president. During that campaign, you listened to voices no one else was listening to. You listened to those that were trying to get a pay raise or that parent that was fighting for their children or to that person who always dreamed of being an entrepreneur and creating a small business like you did, Mr. President, and you know what, for all those people, you heard them.

Kevin McCarthy: We would not be standing here today if it wasn't for you. Doesn't matter if you were overseas fighting for America, so many people back here got your phone call fighting for tax reform. This is a big day for America. This is America's comeback.

Kevin McCarthy: [Applause] Come February, check your check because that will be the pay raise of the vote for Donald Trump. That will be the beginning of the next century, America's century. Thank you and God bless.

Donald Trump: So I just want to conclude by saying this will indeed be a very big day when people will indeed look back at our country. It's a whole different attitude, a whole different way, and I really want to end by looking back and thanking all of those people standing behind me that worked for years. This was the culmination of a few months' work, but they've been working on getting this done, whether it's Mitch or Paul or Kevin or Kevin or Orrin. They have been working on this for years, years and years, and I just want to turn around and I want to thank them all.

Donald Trump: They are very, very special people. Thank you very much, everybody. [Applause] Thank you. Thank you. [Applause]