Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-scotus-washington-dc-february-1-2017

Donald Trump: Getting those taxes down. Getting them down, Grover. One person that likes me at this table. [Crosstalk] I can tell you that. I have a lot of them. We had a lot.

Donald Trump: [Inaudible] great friends and supporters. [Inaudible] appreciated for, number one, the election. And I appreciate all of the help in deciding who to put for the United States Supreme Court, and Leonard, you were fantastic. All of you were. And Jim DeMint. I don't know if Jim's here or not, but they were great [Inaudible] really helped. And the rollout's been fantastic. I don't know how anybody can oppose him frankly. I don't know how anybody can oppose him at all, but it really has been a beautiful thing to see.

Donald Trump: So we had a very successful event. He's a terrific person, by the way. Got to know him reasonably well before the -- before we did the announcement and he is just a spectacular man. I think he'll be a spectacular -- you know, you tell me how would they go about -- Leonard, how would they go about opposing him? He's perfect in almost every way. They'll look for the [Inaudible], right? They'll say what's the [Inaudible]? But that's...

Unidentified: He's -- he's got an impeccable record.

Donald Trump: Yeah. Well, Federalist really -- they really did a great job. So we're gonna be talking about working with the judge and maybe making this a fast process.

Unidentified: Here, here.

Donald Trump: And nominating a justice of the Supreme Court is one of the most important things that I can do as president. I've always said this. As I watch presidents, I say the most important thing -- and I think I want to refine that a little bit. I think probably defense of our country might be now -- you know, it's -- otherwise we don't need the Supreme Court so badly, right? And we're doing well in that regard, very well.TRUMP: I think we have problems that are a lot of bigger than people understood. I think I was left something that is in -- got a lot of problems, but I think we'll straighten out those problems. I think we'll straighten them out very strongly.

Donald Trump: Judge Gorsuch is an exceptionally qualified person from the standpoint of experience and education -- Columbia with honors; Harvard Law School with honors; Oxford at the highest level; great, great student; great intellect. Supreme Court Justice White and Kennedy, he clerked.

Donald Trump: And so I just think it's really great that we're having this meeting because we want to -- we want to have him go through an elegant process, as opposed to a demeaning process, because they're very demeaning on the other side. And they want to make you look as bad as possible.

Donald Trump: And of course, the press can be very demeaning, too. So -- but I'm sure the press will be very dignified in this case. But I really want -- and that's the word -- I really think he's a very dignified man. I'd like to see him go through a dignified process. I think he deserves that. And hopefully, it will go quickly and we'll see what happens.

Donald Trump: So, what we might do is just [Inaudible], we might ask for the folks in the room just to give yourself a quick, your name and a little introduction.

Donald Trump: And Wayne, I would say they know you. Perhaps they know you better than they know me. [Laughter]

Wayne LaPierre: I doubt that.

Penny Nance: I'm Penny Nance. I'm the CEO and president of Concerned Women for America.

Charmaine Yoest: I'm Charmaine Yoest. I'm with American Values. And thank you, Mr. President, for this nomination.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.

Juanita Duggan: I'm Juanita Duggan with the National Federation of Independent Business, NFIB.

Donald Trump: Thank you. Thank you. [Crosstalk]

Tom Collamore: I'm Tom Collamore with the U.S. Chamber of Commerce. Mr. President, congratulations on a fantastic nomination.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Grover Norquist: Grover Norquist, Americans For Tax Reform. And thank you for winning the election.

Donald Trump: Thank you. [Inaudible] [Crosstalk]

Leonard Leo: Leonard Leo, Federalist Society.

Margie Bennett: Margie Bennett , [Inaudible].

Morton Blackwell: Morton Blackwell, the Leadership Institute.

David O'Steen: David O'Steen, National Right to Life. Thank you for such a quick, excellent nomination.

Donald Trump: Thank you. Thank you very much.

Paula White: Paula White, chairman of the Evangelical Advisory Council.

Donald Trump: Thank you, Paula. Thank you for the help... [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: ... during the campaign.

Donald Trump: So, with that, I'll ask you to all hit the road and [Inaudible]. [Crosstalk]

Unidentified: As you pointed out last night, [Inaudible] was confirmed by unanimous voice vote in 2006. Now a number of Democrats say they're going to oppose you. What would you say to those Democrats? And would you encourage Senator McConnell to invoke the nuclear option if he feels he can't get 60 votes?

Donald Trump: Well, I think there's a certain dishonesty if they go against their vote from not very long ago. And he did get a unanimous endorsement. And he's somebody that should get [Inaudible]. You can't do better from an educational, from an experience, from any standpoint. A great judge. He'll be a great justice. So no, I feel that it's very dishonest if they go about doing that. And yes, if we end up with the same gridlock that they've had in Washington for the last longer than eight years, in all fairness to President Obama, a lot longer than eight years. But if we end up with that gridlock, I would say if you can, Mitch, go nuclear, because that would be an absolute shame if a man of this quality was caught up in the web.

Donald Trump: So I would say it's up to Mitch, but I would say go for it. OK?

Donald Trump: Thank you. Thank you.