Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-inauguration-armed-services-ball-january-20-2017

Donald Trump: Well, thank you very much. What a great honor. These events are going on all over the city. We are having a lot of fun tonight. And I want to tell you, what a day it's been. Our first lady has been working very, very hard. Very, very hard.

Donald Trump: But I just want to thank you on behalf of Melania and myself and the family and really millions and millions of people all over the world. The job you have done is absolutely incredible. Absolutely incredible. Because this our military, this is our law enforcement, this is our first responders. You are amazing people. You are amazing people. And I like you for a lot of reasons. Also I like the fact that you all voted for me. You all voted for me.

Donald Trump: I just met your joint chiefs of staff and they are incredible. And I'll tell you what, they know what to do and they know what to do and they know what to do fast. And we are going to see what happens, but we have a great country and we want to do what's appropriate. We have been pushed around by a lot of different people, lots of bad things are happening, but I think you're going to see a big improvement, really.

Donald Trump: And I just want to tell you that General Mattis was just approved by the Senate. First one. General Kelly was just approved by the Senate and isn't it something? Two generals were the first ones with all the people and all the politicians, the generals get approved first. Maybe that's the way it's supposed to be. Maybe that's the way.

Donald Trump: Now, we have some folks right now in Afghanistan right? And think they hear me. There's about a six second delay but think they hear me. Do you guys hear me I think maybe? Let's see how good we are doing. Yes, they hear me. They hear me. How is it over there? How is it going? Good. Go ahead. What question do you have? Don't be like these people. Don't be too tough on me. Go ahead.

Unidentified: Hi sir. I'm [Inaudible]. First Calvary division, United States army. On behalf of everybody here in Afghanistan, I would just like to say congratulations to your new position.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. That's so nice. Thank you. Thank you. That's very nice. Thank you. We couldn't hear too clearly but I believe she just congratulated us -- not me -- us on this victory. And I want to thank you.

Unidentified: On behalf of -- air base. Congratulations. [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: Go ahead.

Unidentified: On behalf of the air base, we would like to congratulate on being elected as new president of the United States.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. So nice. Thank you. By the way, I have to tell you, it's a ten second delay but I like them much better than I like the media right? These are much finer people, nicer people. That's great. Thank you. Thank you very much. Go ahead. Thank you.

Philip Cavil: My name is sergeant first class Philip Cavil. I'm with the army, Illinois army National Guard out of Chicago. Congratulations on becoming the president of the United States, sir.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. That's really, really nice. Thank you. I will tell you I'm with you all the way. You have somebody that's going to be right alongside of you. We are going to do it together. We are going to do it together. And honestly, not only the support you have given me, the courage that you show is incredible.

Donald Trump: And it's going to be appreciated. It's appreciated now but it's going to be appreciated more than ever before. You're going to see. OK. Thank you very much. Go ahead. Go ahead. Take one more. I love these ten seconds delays. So gives you plenty of time to think about an answer. Such nice questions though. Go ahead.

Robert Gallup: Good evening Mr. President, I'm gunnery sergeant Robert Gallup with the liaison team advising and assisting coalition partners in Afghanistan. In behalf of all the marines here in Afghanistan, we just like to say congratulations. And good luck to you with the term.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. Really nice. Thank you. And we are going to have some people going over and seeing you soon. And you're doing an amazing job over there. How about taking one more. Go ahead. Take one more. Go ahead. Think he hear us right? Got it. Want to do one more? So far I love these questions because everybody is I want to congratulate you. Nicest questions. Go ahead.

Unidentified: Yes, sir, United States army. Satellite communications operator maintainer and would like to congratulate you on your inauguration sir.

Donald Trump: You are the nicest people. But they are only nice right now to me. They are probably definitely not so nice in other ways. I want to thank you all, you are amazing people. We are with us 1,000, 1,000, 1,000 percent, and you are doing just an incredible job. So thank you all very much. We will see you and keep fighting. We are going to win. We are going to win. We are going to win. Keep fighting. Thank you. Thank you all. Thank you all.

Donald Trump: So why can't all people be like that? Six questions and six congratulations. Right? So this is very special. So we have done two of these and we had big crowds, big, big, 10,000, 12,000, and I guess there is two more that I'm supposed to go to.

Donald Trump: You know, at some point, I'm going to say, well, first of all, did you hear the speech today? And actually even the media said the crowd was massive. So finally. That was a big -- that was all the way back down to the Washington monument. That was what was supposed to be rain turned out not to be rain. It was beautiful. It was beautiful.

Donald Trump: So let me just say this. You are special people. You are great, great people. I have your back. We are going to do great things for our country. You know, I ran -- the journey started 18 months ago and people said we don't have a big chance. We went to number one about would you say two weeks or three weeks into the polls? We went to number one in the primaries.

Donald Trump: And then we just stayed there and we did well. And it wasn't so much me. It was me. I did a good job as a messenger but I'm your messenger, just remember that. I'm your messenger. I'm your messenger.

Donald Trump: But it all began with a theme. And the theme is make America great again. And I have gotten to know the people of our country so well. I have been all over. I have been all over. And we had tremendous victories. And I will tell you, we have the greatest people on earth. And we are not only going to make America great again. We are going to make America greater than ever before. So I want to thank all of you. You're very, very special people. Honey. Thank you. Say something.

Melania Trump: Thank you all for your service. I'm honor to be your first lady. We will fight. We will win. And we will make America great again. Thank you.