Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-kuwait-may-21-2017

Donald Trump: It's a great honor to be with the Emir of Kuwait, and a special person, a person I've gotten to know very well. They buy tremendous amounts of our military equipment, then they invest in the United States, and that's what we like to hear. We like to hear about jobs, jobs, jobs and they are spending a lot of money on new planes, including the Boeing F-18, which you like very much, which I like very much also, and we appreciate all of the investment that you make in the United States and all of the jobs that you create. Thank you, thank you.

Jaber Al-Ahmad Al-Sabah: [Via Translator] I would mention about our bilateral relations between Kuwait and the United States, and it is a friendly energy and strategic relationship. We are trying to further strengthen these bilateral relations with the United States. Meanwhile, we will not forget at all, that the United States of America, they were there provide an element in liberation of Kuwait. And surely this is not only the position of the government, but also the Kuwaiti people, and the Arab people appreciate the role.

Jaber Al-Ahmad Al-Sabah: [Via Translator] And it was really a very happy occasion -- to have met his Excellency, the President, and we have really went through discussing all the bilateral aspect of bilateral relation, the military relation and the economic, and investment relation, and all the aspects of our bilateral relations, which includes their... even the cultural relation between Kuwait and the United States.

Jaber Al-Ahmad Al-Sabah: [Via Translator] We are determined to improve the relation between our two countries, and also should we should activate further the strategical alliance between Kuwait and the United States.  And really are eager in order to support all the efforts concerning the Alliance, which is led by the United States of America in combating terrorism and the extreme opinions, in order to allow peace and security, and in particular our region, to prevail with stability and peace.

Jaber Al-Ahmad Al-Sabah: [Via Translator]  And as we have also said a determination of United States to take care of the problems of regions and solve it, particularly when it is belong between the Arab Peace settlement  and the situation in Syria and Yemen and Iraq and Iran. And while I would like to put your record by high appreciation and thanks for his excellency the President of the United States of America for the help which he rendered to achieve whatever we are hoping for in our balance our bilateral relations.

Jaber Al-Ahmad Al-Sabah: [Via Translator]  I should not forget truly at all, which the name of the Kuwaiti people and the name of the Kuwaiti government and personally myself to extend an invitation for his Excellency, the President Trump, my brother Trump, to visit Kuwait.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much much.

Jaber Al-Ahmad Al-Sabah: [Via Translator]  Yes, Kuwait is a small country, but you will see that how much people of Kuwait admire and like the United States of America, with other countries also, with all Arab countries. Therefore we will be happy, really, if you will be able to, I mean, extend invitation, as you will be a dear guest of Kuwait.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.

Donald Trump: So we're doing very well in the fight against ISIS as general Mattis has just explained, and we're going to be having a news conference in about two weeks to let everybody know how well we're doing -- tremendous progress has been made and will continue to be made. And I just want to thank the Emir and his representatives for being here, thank you all very much. And again, a lot of investment is being made by Kuwait, a very wealthy nation of great people, but a tremendous investment is being made by Kuwait into the United States and the people of the United States appreciate that. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you everybody.