Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-palm-beach-fl-february-20-2017

Donald Trump: So I just wanted to announce -- we've been working all weekend, very diligently, very hard -- that General H.R. McMaster will become the National Security Advisor.

Donald Trump: He is a man of tremendous talent and tremendous experience. I watched and read a lot over the last two days. He is highly respected by everybody in the military, and we're very honored to have him.

Donald Trump: He also has known, for a long time, General Keith Kellogg, who I also have gotten to know, and he's a terrific man, and they're going to be working together.

Donald Trump: And Keith is going to be chief of staff, and I think that combination is something very, very special. I met with many other people, tremendous respect for the people I met with. I know Hohn Bolton, we're going to be asking to work with us in a somewhat different capacity.

Donald Trump: John is a terrific guy. We had some really good meetings with him, knows a lot. Has a good, a good, a good number of ideas that i must tell you I agree very much with.

Donald Trump: So we'll be talking to John Bolton in a different capacity. And we'll be talking to some of the other generals that I've met that I have really, really gained a lot of respect for. So I think with that, I'd like to ask H.R. to say couple of words. I'd like to ask Keith to say a couple of words, and then I'll see you back in Washington. We're leaving right now for Washington and the White House. General?

H.R. McMaster: Mr. President, thank you very much. I just like to say what a privilege it is to be able to continue serving our nation. I'm grateful to you for that opportunity, and I look forward to joining the national security team and doing everything I can to advance and protect the interests of the American people. Thank you very much sir.

Donald Trump: You're going to do a great job. General?

Keith Kellogg: Mr. President, thank you for the opportunity to continue to serve. 'Im very honored by it, very privileged by it. And I'm honored and privileged to serve alongside H.R. McMaster. I've known him for years as well. He's a great statesman, a great soldier. Thank you sir.

Donald Trump: And so are you, thank you very much.  What a team. This is a great team. We're very, very honored. Iur country is lucky to have two people like this, and frankly, after having met so many of the people in the military, we're lucky to have all of them. So thank you all very much. I'll see you back in Washington. We're leaving now. Thank you.