Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-inauguration-freedom-ball-january-20-2017

Donald Trump: Thank you. Thank you very much. Hello folks. Our first lady. Well, we just want to thank everybody. This has been an amazing journey for all of us, not just me and not just Melania. It's been an amazing. It's been an amazing journey.

Donald Trump: And now the work begins. We have to get it done, and we'll get it done. There is so much spirit in our country. This is such a great country. And we are going to do things. We will not be taken advantage of anymore, okay.

Donald Trump: We're going to have those companies come pouring back in. You've seen what's been happening over the last three weeks. And we're going to have a lot of things happen, and you're going to read about them, and I don't know.

Donald Trump: Let me ask you: should I keep the Twitter going or not? Keep it going? I think so. The enemies keep saying, oh that's terrible. But you know, it's a way of bypassing the dishonest media, right.

Donald Trump: But I just want to thank you. When we started out, we weren't given a great chance. But we knew we were going to win. And you know, it took two weeks before we went to number one. Not a long time, and the first week was composed in terms of the phony polls, it was composed of two days.

Donald Trump: So we were at number one, and we stayed there the entire route during the primaries, and tjen boy did I work those last four week. Boy, did I work. Oy yoy yoy. That was some job. We did a good job together.

Donald Trump: And I'll tell you what. Many people in this room went to those rallies with us, right? They went to those rallies. I saw one person on television tonight ,incredible, her family, her and her husband, she said we've gone to 42 Trump rallies. I said 42? 42? But we did.

Donald Trump: We had a lot of people that went to a lot of the rallies, and it showed us, and you know, when we went in, I really felt that last week in particular, I said how are we going to lose? How can we lose? It's just too much.

Donald Trump: There has never been a movement like this anywhere in the world. There's never been anything like it. I am so looking forward. I've already just, I just left, a,ctually the Oval Office because... because our great general Mad Dog Mattis was approved, was approved tonight. The Senate approved. He was first, and I went to sign.

Donald Trump: And Mike Pence, who's coming out in a second, you saw what happened right? He just swore them in. And General Kelly, the border, the border. Oh, we're going to have a border again. And he was approved tonight by the Senate.

Donald Trump: So we're starting to work, and we're going to do a great job. We are not going to let you down. Remember the theme. Make America great again and make America great again.

Donald Trump: I'll tell you what I've added since I got to know so many people in this country, greater than ever before. It will happen. So, I want to thank everybody for being with us and for sticking with us. And it's been an amazing experience.

Donald Trump: And now, the fun begins. OK, now the fun begins. We're going to do a really good job and I will be fighting every single day for you. Thank you everybody. Thank you and have a great time. Thank you.