Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-cabinet-march-13-2017

Donald Trump: Hello, everybody. I'm proud to welcome everyone to our first official cabinet meeting. I want to begin by updating the public on the severe weather situation.

Donald Trump: I've been receiving the latest information on the blizzard forecast, and I think we're in very good shape. We're prepared. Everybody in government in fully prepared and ready. And the entire North East it seems is under a very severe winter storm warning. So, let's hope it's not going to be as bad as some people are predicting. Usually it isn't.

Donald Trump: Chancellor Merkel and I have just spoken, and she's going to be postponing the trip until Friday. She'll be coming on Friday. And we look forward to that. That'll be a very good visit. I've spoken with my Homeland Security advisor who has spoken with the acting FEMA administrator, instructed him to make certain that the federal government is ready to provide assistance to the states that need federal help.

Donald Trump: FEMA and the federal government are ready to assist. They are literally waiting by the phones and ready to do. Everyone should listen to their state or local officials who'll be providing regular storm updates. Take that advice very seriously. This cabinet is here to serve and protect the American people and that's what we're doing. Even more so than anybody would understand.

Donald Trump: The folks in this room have done an amazing job, whether it's security or anything else. I want to thank General Mattis. I want to thank -- who is now Secretary Mattis. I want to thank General Kelly, who's now Secretary Kelly They've done outstanding work. You see what's happening. All you have to do is just watch, big difference.

Donald Trump: Unfortunately, not all of our cabinet members could join us. We have four empty seats, which is a terrible thing because the Senate Democrats are continuing to obstruct the confirmation of our nominees for the Department of Labor, the Department of Agriculture, the Director of National Intelligence, and the United States trade representative, somebody I want very badly.

Donald Trump: And the midst of getting going, Wilbur -- they won't approve somebody who's highly qualified. Everybody understands that the main victim of this very partisan obstruction is the American public.

Donald Trump: Yet in spite of all of this, we've assembled a great team and already made historic progress in delivering results. We're rolling back job-crushing regulations at a faster clip than ever before by far.

Donald Trump: And we're seeing companies like Exxon, WalMart, Intel, Ford, Fiat Chrysler, and so many others announcing that they will keep and create tens of thousands of jobs in the United States. Many, many companies are not moving now, which normally they would've been out of here a long time ago.

Donald Trump: They're not moving 'cause they understand there're gonna be consequences. If they move, that's fine, but there will be consequences. It's not gonna be so easy. They're not gonna fire our people and move and think they're gonna ship their jobs back here. And we won't be doing anything about it.

Donald Trump: The first two job reports that have come out since my inauguration, we've already added nearly half a million new jobs. Right after this meeting, we'll be signing a new executive order to begin the process of reorganizing the executive branch to make it less wasteful and more productive.

Donald Trump: We're also working closely with the House and Senate Republicans to repeal and replace Obamacare. Obamacare, all of a sudden, the last couple of weeks, is getting a false rep that maybe it's OK. It's not OK, it's a disaster and people understand that it's failed and it's imploding.

Donald Trump: And if we let it go for another year, it'll totally implode. In fact, I've told the Republicans, why don't you just let it go for another year, that way everybody will really understand how bad it is. But it would be the wrong thing for us to do, and for the American people.

Donald Trump: The House plan will expand choice, lower cost, and ensure healthcare access for all. We're negotiating with everybody. It's a big, fat, beautiful negotiation. And hopefully we'll come up with something that's gonna be really terrific.

Donald Trump: I want to thank Paul Ryan and -- and everybody -- Mitch, everybody, they're all working around the clock. And I think ultimately the big beneficiary will be the American people will end up a really great healthcare plan.

Donald Trump: We're also going to send Congress a budget request that will include one of the largest increases to defense spending in our history. And General slash Secretary Mattis is extremely upset about that. [Laughter]

Donald Trump: And it will be fully paid for, OK? Fully paid for. And I saved a lot of money on those jets, didn't I? Did I do a good job? More than $725 million on them. He's very happy with me.

Donald Trump: In the first full month of my administration following the issuance of my executive orders, illegal immigration on our southern border fell by an unprecedented 40 percent. I want to congratulate General Kelly.

Donald Trump: At the same time, I've issued a presidential memorandum directing the Department of State and the Department of Homeland Security to undertake immediate steps to enhance our vetting process. So, we're further enhancing out vetting process.

Donald Trump: We want people in our country who love our country and have the potential to love our country and our people. That's who we want. My administration will work every day to serve and protect our great citizens. And we will not rest until the job is done.

Donald Trump: So, this is our first cabinet meeting. I hope this is going to be a historic cabinet meeting, historic in the sense that we're gonna do a fantastic job for the American people, for our country and for the future of our country. So, thank you all very much. We'll see you later. Thank you.