Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-india-modi-dinner-june-26-2017

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. Mr. Prime Minister, we'll do the toasts as soon as the media leaves. [Laughter] Were going to have a very special toast, a very intimate toast. [Laughter]

Donald Trump: But again, I want to thank you and all of your representatives. It is such an honor to have you at the White House and in Washington. And we have had tremendous meetings today, tremendous success, and we enjoy a wonderful relationship, but its never been better than it is today.

Donald Trump: And again, any time youd like, we want to have you back as soon as possible. Thank you very much for being here.

Narendra Modi: [Via Interpreter] Well, Mr. President, let me express my gratitude for this invitation that was extended to me. It is true that I have spent a very short time over here, but really, I have felt so much at home during this stay in the United States.

Narendra Modi: And I am indeed also very grateful to the First Lady. She has organized this reception in my honor, and this honors not just me, but 1.25 billion people of India. So, once again, let me thank you and express my gratitude.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. Thank you. You know, the Prime Minister was going to come here at a different time, but we worked out this time because they had elections in a section of India. And its just a small section, but we said, its the seventh largest country in the world, that small section of India. [Laughter]

Donald Trump: So I said, you know what, this is a better day. [Laughter] But it is great to have you. Thank you very much. Thank you all for being here. Thank you very much.

Narendra Modi: [Via Interpreter] And to add icing to the cake is that in those elections, our party won.

Donald Trump: Good.

Narendra Modi: [Via Interpreter] And after many years, weve got three-fourth majority in the state assembly.

Donald Trump: Thats fantastic. Thats a good win indeed. You won by a lot. Thank you all. Thank you very much, everybody. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much.