Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-cyber-washington-dc-january-31-2017

Donald Trump: Thank you, everybody, for being here. We appreciate it.

Donald Trump: Today I'm convening this meeting to follow through on my promise to secure crucial infrastructure and the networks that we've been talking so much about over the last period of time, of the federal government against cyber threats. I will hold my cabinet secretaries and agency heads accountable, totally accountable for the cybersecurity of their organization, of which we probably don't have as much. Certainly not as much as we should have.

Donald Trump: We must defend and protect federal networks and data. We operate these networks on behalf of the American people. And they are very important and very sacred. We will empower these agencies to modernize their IT systems for better security and other reasons.

Donald Trump: We will protect our critical infrastructure such as power plants and electrical grids. The electrical grid problem is a problem. So we'll have it solved relatively soon.

Donald Trump: We must work with private sector, the private sector is way ahead of government in this case, to ensure that owners and operators of critical infrastructure have the support they need from the federal government to defend against cyber threats.

Donald Trump: Now, I think a pretty good example of this was despite having spent hundreds and hundreds of millions of dollars more money than we did, the Democratic National Committee was hacked successfully, very successfully, and terribly, frankly. And the Republican National Committee was not hacked. Meaning it was hacked, but they failed.

Donald Trump: It was reported, I believe, by rights and other people, that it was hacked. But we had a very strong defense system against hacking. So despite spending a lot less money than the Democrats -- and in all fairness, winning. People don't say that.

Donald Trump: We spent a lot less money, admiral, and we won. That's good, right? Isn't that a good thing when you can spend less and win? But we were also very successful in our defense against hacking.

Donald Trump: We're going to make sure that cybersecurity is central to both our military and the ships, planes and tanks built by great Americans for our great American military. And our military will become stronger and stronger as we go along.

Donald Trump: I just met with Gen. Mattis and he's doing a great job. We're very happy with him and everybody.

Donald Trump: And you probably saw Gen. Kelly. He was spectacular today on his press conference. And we appreciate everything he said.

Donald Trump: With that, I want to introduce Rudy Giuliani. And he's going to be working with Jared Kushner and with Tom Bochet , who are also here. And Rudy's very much of an expert on cybersecurity. It's been a very important thing to him and to what he does. And maybe I'll ask Rudy to say a few words. Thanks, Rudy.

Rudy Giuliani: Thank you very, very much, Mr. President.

Rudy Giuliani: First of all, congratulations on what is exactly historic, a historic administration. I've never seen so much done in so short a period of time than ever.

Rudy Giuliani: I was in the early part of the Reagan administration. Used to sit in this room every Thursday. And I remember how fast they got off to a start. And you're about three times ahead of them.

Rudy Giuliani: I don't remember the Roosevelt 1,000 days, but I think you may be ahead of him. And you're doing it without a cabinet. With three, four members.

Rudy Giuliani: It would help if the Democrats... [Laughter] So congratulations.

Rudy Giuliani: And what you've been doing is keeping your promises, so this is why you're president.

Rudy Giuliani: One of your promises was to shore up our country because one of the dangers we face, national security and crime, is cybersecurity. And a large part of our country, unlike other countries, is made up of the private sector. And the private sector is wide open to hacking. And sometimes by hacking the private sector you can get into government.

Rudy Giuliani: So we can't do this separately. And you were wise enough to decide that we should have a council where we can bring in the private sector. They can explain to you the problems they have. They can explain to the administration the solutions they have, which in some cases may be better than the government. In some cases they may not be as good as the government.

Rudy Giuliani: Plus, we can search around the world, including in countries like Israel and places where they're doing a lot of advanced cybersecurity analysis, we can look for long-term, you know, long-term solutions.

Rudy Giuliani: So here you're addressing not only a national security problem, but you're addressing the fastest-growing form of crime in America, which is cyber-theft. It's growing faster than any other crime.

Rudy Giuliani: And finally, by speaking out on this and holding regular meetings on it, you're using the bully pulpit of the presidency to get the private sector to wake up. Some of the private sector has awakened to the fact that they have to do more about cybersecurity, but part of it hasn't.

Rudy Giuliani: And as president, you are in a unique position to get the private sector to realize that they have to pitch in and help the government. And I'll work very closely with Jared and with Tom and Sebastian Gorka and all the people that you have that are working on this, and we'll take our priorities from you.

Rudy Giuliani: And what you -- first you want to do is look at the grid. We'll bring in all the private grid companies and solution companies. If you want to look at financial institutions, we'll do financial institutions. If you want to look at hospitals, we'll bring in hospitals. But we'll let you set the priorities so we can have a very, very close working relationship.

Rudy Giuliani: And congratulations on fulfilling another one of your campaign promises.

Donald Trump: Well, thank you very much, Rudy. I appreciate it. And I know you're going to do a great job. You formed the committee, and you're going to go into great detail and we'll have it up and running and we'll be doing something very special in many ways.

Donald Trump: I want to just thank Senator Dan Coats. Thank you very much for being here, Senator. Do you have anything to say about cyber?

Dan Coats: Clearly, it's risen to a top priority, because of the impact that it can have. My job, if confirmed -- I'm not confirmed yet...

Donald Trump: [Inaudible] you'll make it.

Dan Coats: Well, I hope so. My job is to make sure the intelligence community provides every bit of intelligence that they can so that the policies that can be effected are the right policies to deal with this. I think that this is an enormous challenge, but one that is a significant threat to our country, and is something that needs to be -- we have get after this right away.

Donald Trump: Well, I want to thank you for your service, and thank you for everything you've done. Even over the last week, your knowledge is amazing and everybody has great respect. So thank you very much.

Donald Trump: And he thought he was going to leave after many years in the Senate and have a nice peaceful life, and I called him -- Dan

Donald Trump: And Admiral, thank you very much, Mike, for being here. Would you have anything to say about cyber?

Mike Mullen: Other than as Mr. Giuliani indicated, I believe the key here is going to be partnerships between the private sector and the government. Our ability to bring together the capabilities of both, that's the sweet spot.

Donald Trump: Good. We'll do that. And as you know, John Kelly just gave a very long news conference and a very, very good one and effective one. And while he's warmed up... [Laughter]

Donald Trump: ... he might as well go for another one minute or two minutes.

John Kelly: I have a lot of things to say about cyber, but I think I'll just learn at the feet of the -- of the wise men who [Inaudible].

Donald Trump: [Inaudible] going to have a lot to do with the border, and really, when you think about it, a lot to do with what you're doing. And so, it's going to be very important.

Donald Trump: Well, thank you all very much, and we're going to have a meeting, and we're going to get it going. Thank you [Inaudible]. [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: Hold it one second. We're [Inaudible] say one thing [Inaudible].

Rudi Giuliani: General Keith Alexander is probably the person who knows the most about cybersecurity of anyone that I know. And he -- he I hope will play a very, very big role in this.

Keith Alexander: [Inaudible] look forward to supporting you, Mr. President [Inaudible].

Rudy Giuliani: This man is a tremendous resource.

Donald Trump: Thank you. That's great. Thank you, General. That's very nice.

Donald Trump: And we'll see you in a little while. We'll be announcing a Supreme Court justice who I think everybody is going to be very, very impressed with. So we'll see you at about eight o'clock. [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.