Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-law-enforcement-bills-june-2-2017

Donald Trump: Thank you all. It's a great honor. And thank our vice president for being here. Ivanka Trump, thank you for being here. And we have a great group behind us, incredible people. Some of you have very good friends for a long time.

Donald Trump: Good afternoon. It's an honor to be with you, the men and women of law enforcement, as well as two fantastic state Attorneys General, who are always proud to stand by the side of law enforcement officers. That's Pam Bondi and Leslie Rutledge, thank you very much, thank you.

Donald Trump: I also want to thank also Chuck Canterbury, President of the Fraternal Order of Police, and Sheriff Greg Champagne, president of the National Sheriffs Association, where are you folks? Appreciate you being here. Really two great champions of law enforcement.

Donald Trump: We are here today to reaffirm our unbreakable support for the American heroes who keep our streets, our homes and our citizens safe, and they've been doing an amazing job under very adverse conditions. We will always support the incredible men and women of law enforcement.

Donald Trump: I can speak very strongly for myself and for Mike Pence, our Vice President. We are behind you 100%. Every single day, Americans law enforcement officers, firefighters, first responders and their families make tremendous sacrifices for their communities, and for their nation.

Donald Trump: When a home is threatened, when danger visits our doorstep, when innocent lives are on the line, Americans turn to their courageous offices of law enforcement, because we know they are here to serve and to protect us all.

Donald Trump: They sacrifice every day to keep us safe. Many have paid the ultimate price, laying down their lives to save others. Incredible people. They're true heroes, and we will always be grateful. So I want to thank you folks, that is so true.

Donald Trump: Our duty as Americans is to honor their service and sacrifice, and to protect those who protect us. Today, I am proud to sign two laws to help fulfill that very, very sacred commitment.

Donald Trump: First the Public Safety Officers Benefits Improvement Act will help disabled officers and firefighters and families of those who fall in the line of duty quickly receive all of the benefit they so justly deserve.

Donald Trump: People have wanted this for a long time, and I'm not just talking the people behind me. I'm talking about many people that represent the people behind me. Family members and friends, and people that just appreciate the work they do, which is incredible

Donald Trump: For too long, injured officers have suffered, and the children the fallen officers have put their dreams of college on hold, while bureaucracy delayed crucial benefits, made it impossible for their families. No longer.

Donald Trump: It's unacceptable, and is going to end today. In fact, it's going to end in about one minute. This bill speeds approval times by giving state and local enforcement greater role in determining eligibility, and lets applicants track the progress of their claims online.

Donald Trump: So a much, much faster situation. You're all happy with that? [Audience says "Yes Sir"] You order I'm talking about, right? You've been waiting for this for years.

Donald Trump: Second, the American Law Enforcement Heroes Act allows the use of federal grants to help our military veterans transition to new careers in law enforcement. America is proud of our veterans, and I think I can say we're double proud, or triple proud.

Donald Trump: We love our veterans, and they're serving overseas. They're in harm's way. They are doing things that very few people would have the courage to do, and we will be and always will be incredibly proud to have them with us, and they've been with us like nobody, and we are going to be protecting them. They've been protecting us. We're going to be helping them right now.

Donald Trump: They've really been with us in terms of freedom, in terms of our rights, and we're right now in terms their rights. As president, keeping Americans safe is my highest duty, and supporting law enforcement is my unwavering commitment. I am very proud to sign these two great bills today.

Donald Trump: I want to thank everybody for being here, and if you have the bills we'll sign them. This has been years in the makin,g and I will tell you that this is something that I'm very happy to be doing. So congratulations everybody, Congratuations. [Audience says "Thank you Mr. President"]

Donald Trump: This Act may be cited as the Officers Public Safety Benefits Improvement Act of 2017. [Applause] That's a big one, right?

Donald Trump: And this is, as you know, let it be an act of the United States House. This Act will be used The American Law Enforcement Heroes Act, and that's what it is. You're heroes. And so, I want to just congratulate you. This one also has been a long time in the making, you're all heroes aren't you, I think? Yes?

Donald Trump: That is fantastic, Who gets this pen, Mike? Who gets this pen? [Applause] Thank you very much everybody. This is slightly less controversial than yesterday, [Laughter] but yesterday was a big service to this country, I would tell you. Thank you very much everybody.