Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-exec-order-march-13-2017

Donald Trump: This executive order is another major step towards making the federal government efficient, effective and accountable to the people. Today we're beginning the process of a long overdue reorganization of our federal departments and agencies. We have assembled one of the greatest Cabinets in history. And I believe that so strongly. And we want to empower them to make their agencies as lean and effective as possible, and they know how to do it.

Donald Trump: Today there's duplication and redundancy everywhere. Billions and billions of dollars are being wasted on activities that are not delivering results for hard-working American taxpayers, and not even coming close.

Donald Trump: This order requires a thorough examination of every Executive department and agency to see where money is being wasted, how services can be improved and whether programs are truly serving American citizens.

Donald Trump: The Director of Office Management and Budget will oversee the evaluation, working with experts inside and outside of the federal government, as well as seeking input from the American people themselves.

Donald Trump: Based on this input, we will develop a detailed plan to make the federal government work better, reorganizing, consolidating and eliminating where necessary. In other words, making the federal government more efficient and very, very cost productive.

Donald Trump: So we're going to do something I think very, very special, will never have been done to the extent that we're going to be able to do. You're already seeing the results. We will work with Congress to implement these recommendations on behalf of the American people.

Donald Trump: So with that, I want to thank everybody very much, and I want to wish the cabinet good luck. I think we have some of the finest people ever assembled for a cabinet. We're going to do a great job for the American people. Thank you very much. Thank you.

Donald Trump: Anybody want to watch me sign?