Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-niinisto-finland-august-28-2017

Donald Trump: Well, thank you very much. It's my honor to have President Niinistö of Finland, a country that we have had a wonderful relationship. We're working with them very strongly right now. We have trading relationships. Sadly they have a trade surplus against the United States, but maybe we can do something to change that.

Donald Trump: But it's a great honor to have you. Your country is done very well. It's doing extremely well under your leadership, and it's an honor to have you at the Oval Office.

Sauli Niinistö: Thank you so very much. It's an honor to be in the Oval Office. Just a reminder: even though the balance is pro for us, the balance of the investments is different. Finns do investin the USA. Mr. Prsident, I would like to say with the storm in Texas and Louisiana, that our thoughts are with those people.

Donald Trump: Thank you

Sauli Niinistö: And I am sure that they, and you Mr. President, have the strength and courage to overcome the catastrophe.

Donald Trump: Well, that's very nice and we appreciate it and coming from yourself and the people of Finland, I very much appreciated . Thank you everybody.

Question: [Crosstalk, About Hurricane Harvey]

Donald Trump: I'll be going to Texas tomorrow. I look very much forward to it. Things are being handledvery well. The spirit is incredible of the people. The coordination between all of the different services, as you know ,has been going very well.

Donald Trump: Great respect for the Governor. He's done an incredible job and I look forward to the trip. So I'll be going there tomorrow. We're leaving at about 8:30 in the morning. We don't know exactly which sections.

Donald Trump: We'll be notifying you soon. But we'll be traveling throughout certain parts, and we may actually go back on Saturday, depending on where the storm goes. We may also go to Louisiana on Saturday.

Question: Are you surprised at the magnitude?

Donald Trump: It's the biggest ever. They're saying it's the biggest... It's historic. It's like Tex.. really like Texas, if you think about it. But it is a historic amount of water, in particular. There's never been anything like it. So the people are handling it amazingly well, and the people of Texas, as you know, have... have really persevered.

Donald Trump: And when you watch the spirit and the enthusiasm, and helping each other -- the teamwork -- it's really been something for people to say... I think even in Finland they would say it has been pretty incredible what they've been able to do.

Sauli Niinistö: We have noticed that, yes. It's wonderful.

Donald Trump: It's been something. So we'll be leaving... we'll be leaving tomorrow at about 8:30 in the morning.

Question: Will you do anything special sir, Congress or the Cabinet...

Donald Trump: We've done quite a few cabinet meetings to make sure everything's coordinated. We're dealing with Congress. As you know, it's going to be a very expensive situation. We want to take care of the people of Texas and Louisiana, when that happens, and see what happens with the flow.

Donald Trump: The flow seems to be heading toward Louisiana right now as we speak. But we'll be there for the people of Louisiana also, very much. So we'll see you tomorrow, and I guess you'll see both of us at a couple of minutes in the East Room. Thank you all very much you.