Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-moon-south-korea-oval-office-june-30-2017

Donald Trump: I want to thank the President of South Korea, President Moon, for being here. We had a great afternoon yesterday. We had fantastic dinner at the White House -- accomplished a lot, having to do with our thoughts on North Korea and, very much, our thoughts on trade.

Donald Trump: We are renegotiating a trade deal right now as we speak with South Korea, and hopefully it will be an equitable deal -- it will be a fair deal to both parties. It's been a rough deal for the United States, but I think that it will be much different and it will be good for both parties. So we're in the process of doing that.

Donald Trump: We're also in the process of discussing our, frankly, many options -- and we have many options -- with respect to North Korea. Thank you very much. President. The President will speak.

Moon Jae-in: [Via Interpreter] I would like to thank President Trump once again for inviting me to the White House and for his warm welcome. When I won the election last month, President Trump was the first among all foreign leaders to call me to congratulate me. I believe that was to reconfirm the strength of the Korea-U.S. alliance and also President Trump's warm message to the Korean people who had been suffering through political turmoil.

Moon Jae-in: Last night, at the dinner with President Trump, we discussed various issues through a diverse scope and very honest discussions on issues to include the North Korean nuclear issue and other issues of mutual interest. It was a great opportunity for us to further the trust and friendship between me and President Trump.

Moon Jae-in: It was also an opportunity for us to reconfirm the fact that the United States and Korea are walking together on the same path towards a great alliance. So I hope that through this summit meeting today, I hope that our relationship can further develop into a more meaningful and fruitful relationship. Thank you very much.

Donald Trump: What many people don't know is that South Korea is a major trading partner with the United States and we want something that's going to be good for the American worker. And I think we'll be able to do that today, and I think we'll be able to do many other things. So the relationship is very, very strong, and our personal relationship with President Moon -- our personal relationship is very, very good. Thank you very much, everybody. Thank you.