Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-veterans-act-charlottesville-august-12-2017

Donald Trump: Well, thank you very much. As you know, this was a small press conference, but a very important one, and it was scheduled to talk about the great things that we're doing with the Secretary on the Veterans Administration, and we will talk about that, very much so, a little while.

Donald Trump: But I thought I should put out a comment as to what's going on in Charlottesville. So again I want to thank everybody for being here. In particular, I want to thank our incredible veterans and thank you fellows. Let me shake your hand. [Donald Trump shakes veterans' hands]

Donald Trump: Great people, They're great people. But we're closely following the terrible events unfolding in Charlottesville Virginia. We condemn in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence -- on many sides. On many sides.

Donald Trump: It's been going on for a long time in our country. Not Donald Trump. Not Barack Obama. It's been going on for a long, long time. It has no place in America. What is vital now is a swift restoration of law and order, and the protection of innocent lives.

Donald Trump: No citizen should ever fear for their safety and security in our society, and no child should ever be afraid to go outside and play, or be with their parents and have a good time.

Donald Trump: I just got off the phone with the Governor of Virginia, Terry McAuliffe, and we agreed that the hate and the division must stop, and must stop right now. We have to come together as Americans, with love for our nation and true effect... and really - and I say this so strongly -- true affection for each other

Donald Trump: Our country is doing very well in so many ways. We have record, just absolute record, employment. We have unemployment, the lowest it's been in almost 17 years. We have companies pouring into our country, Foxconn and car companies, and so many others. They're coming back to our country.

Donald Trump: We're renegotiating trade deals to make them great for our country and great for the American worker. We have so many incredible things happening in our country, so when I watch Charlottesville to me, it's very, very sad.

Donald Trump: I want to salute the great work of the state and local police in Virginia -- incredible people. Law-Enforcement, incredible people. And also the National Guard. They've really been working smart, and working hard, they've been doing a terrific job.

Donald Trump: Federal authorities are also providing tremendous support to the Governor -- e thanked me for that -- and we are here to provide whatever other assistance is needed. We are ready, willing and able. Above all else, we must remember this truth, no matter our color creed, religion or political party -- we are all Americans first.

Donald Trump: We love our country. We love our God, we love our flag. We're proud of our country. We're proud of who we are. So we want to get the situation straightened out in Charlottesville, and we want to study it, and we want to see what we're doing wrong as a country where things like this can happen.

Donald Trump: My administration is restoring the sacred bonds of loyalty between this nation and its citizens. Our citizens must also restore the bonds of trust and loyalty between one another. We must love each other, respect each other and cherish our history and our future together. So important. We have to respect each other.

Donald Trump: Ideally, we have to love each other. And now to the Veterans Administration, where I'm so proud of David Shulkin and the job you've done what you've done in such a short period of time. I think you folks would attest to it. If anybody disagrees, you can leave the room right now.

Donald Trump: But David really has he's a star. What he's been able to do, so David I'd like to thank you very much for your leadership and for the profound improvements to the VA services that you've made in such a short period of time.

Donald Trump: Today is another milestone in our work to transform the VA where we're doing record-setting business, including something called the Accountability Act, where David and his executives can now hold people accountable for doing a poor job and say you're fired. You do a poor job for our veterans. You're fired.

Donald Trump: That's been in the making... for 40 years they weren't able to get it approved. One of our legislative successes. Frankly, one of our many legislative successes we got it approved, and I know David, it's making life a lot better and people are working a lot harder because of it.

Donald Trump: In a few moments. I will sign the VA Choice and Quality Employment Act of 2017. This bill will ensure that veterans continue to have the ability to see the doctor of their choice -- so important -- and don't have to wait or travel long distances for care.

Donald Trump: And during the campaign I kept talking about it. People, these great, incredible veterans, our finest -- they're waiting in line for seven days, nine days, 14 days for ailments that could be fixed quickly, and they end up dying of things that could be taken care of very, very routinely, and I said that's never gonna happen when I'm President.

Donald Trump: And I said, even at the time, before having tremendous research given to me, and after the research was given, it was still back to the same basic common sense. Why can't they go out and see a doctor if they have to wait seven days or fourteen days on line, why can't they see a doctor, and we'll pay for the cost of the doctor?

Donald Trump: And that's going to be a lot less expensive but, more importantly, you're going to have immediate medical care for our veterans, and that's what we're doing, and they're very, very thankful.

Donald Trump: And it started already. Quite a little while ago, considering we're a very young administration, and I think you see from the veterans, they're very, very proud of it and very happy.

Donald Trump: Very importantly, this bill also authorizes new community-based outpatient clinics and improves the VA's ability to higher quality job candidates. We're getting candidates that are of the highest quality in to the VA system now, so that our veterans have more choices and more access to the absolute best possible care.

Donald Trump: I want to thank Congressman Phil Roe, Senator Johnny Isakson. They... two people have been working so hard. Senator Dean Heller, for their dedicated efforts to get this bill through Congress. It was very, very tough for reasons that I guess I understand, but it was... it was not easy.

Donald Trump: And I will tell you that Phil and Johnny and Dean worked very, very hard to get it through. And by the way I can also say others, and even some Democrats, you want to say their names?

David Shulkin: Sure.

Donald Trump: Go ahead, say their names.

David Shulkin: Senator Tester and Representative Walz were key in helping us get this done, Mr. President

Donald Trump: See, I can do it. But people fought, and they really fought us hard, and now the administration is fighting for you. We're working night and day to ensure our brave veterans are provided with world-class treatment, which is what they're getting, world-class treatment.

Donald Trump: And by the way again, we're here for just a little more than six months, you're, seeing it on a daily basis, get better and better and better, and you're hearing it from the veterans But they're getting this great medical treatment, care, procedures and we're getting our facilities shaped up and made into world-class facilities at the same time.

Donald Trump: So our great veterans deserve only the best, and that's exactly what they're getting. I want to thank everybody for being here, especially the wonderful veterans behind me. They have helped us so much.

Donald Trump: They're spectacular people, and again going back to Charlottesville, we have to heal the wounds of our country. These are wounds that have been going on for really a long time, and I thought and everybody thought and everybody wants it to heal.

Donald Trump: And it will heal, and we're going to make every effort possible to make sure that that healing procedure goes as quickly as possible.

Donald Trump: I love the people of our country. I love all of the people of our country. We're gonna make America great again, but we're going to make it great for all of the people of the United States of America. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you very much.

Question: Mr. President, how do you respond to white nationalists who say they are participating in Charlottesville because they support you?

Donald Trump: They'd like me to sign the bill here instead of outside. So I think we'll do that. Okay? Who gets the pen? [Crosstalk, the Act is signed, Applause]. I think we're gonna give it to... ladies first.

Verna Jones: Thank you sir. Thank you Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Okay, thank you very much.

Question: Mr. President, a number of the white nationalists...

Question: Mr. President, you have the support of these white nationalists groups who say they support you, Mr. President? Have you denounced them strongly enough?

Question: A car plowing into people, would you call that terrorism?