Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-congress-washington-dc-february-16-2017

Donald Trump: Thank you all for being here. I had a lot of good discussions this morning. I'm negotiating a lot of contracts that are saving billions and billions of dollars for the American people and for all of us, and I'm very proud of it.

Donald Trump: You know, the F-35 fighter jet, the Air Force One program, which was totally out of control and now it's back where it's supposed to go, and many other things. In addition, I had a very good phone call this morning about a major plant that's moving back into the United States. We'll be talking about it soon.

Donald Trump: And what I do have is a little free time at about 12 o'clock. So I don't think the press will want to show up, but I think I'll have a press conference probably at 12 o'clock in the East Room. We had a little time in between things. So if the press would like to show up -- will anybody show up to that press conference? [Laughter] Historically, they didn't care about these things. For me, they show up. So I think 12 o'clock in the East Room of the White House we'll have a press conference.

Donald Trump: I just want to thank you folks for coming today. This was good. This was scheduled a long time ago -- some of my very, very early supporters. And I've been your supporter also. We're doing really well. The fake-news media doesn't like talking about the economy; I never see anything about the stock market sets new records every day. I never see it. But I think the people understand it.

Donald Trump: We're giving a speech in Melbourne, Florida on Saturday. I think it's going to be around 4 o'clock. and I hear the tickets, you can't get them, but that's okay. It's better than you have too many, right? So it's going to be great. I look forward to that. So that will be Melbourne at 4 o'clock.

Donald Trump: I really appreciate you folks. You folks have been so great. And right from the beginning, and, Tom, right at the beginning. Just about every one of you, right at the beginning. Some of you were a little after the beginning. [Laughter] But we forgive. But we forgive.

Donald Trump: Let's go around, just for the media, and you'll introduce yourselves and then we'll start talking, and I'll see the media back at 12 o'clock. Chris?

Chris Collins: Well, Mr. President, we're all honored to be here. This is really our Trump caucus reconvening for the first time in a little bit, but our first meeting was the first part of March. Duncan Hunter and I both endorsed you on February 24th, a week from tomorrow. So it's the one-year anniversary. But this is the Trump caucus, reconvening, and we're just so honored you're taking time out of your busy schedule to be with us.

Donald Trump: These are real friends.

Chris Collins: Western New York.

Donald Trump: Thank you. That's right.

Duncan Hunter: Duncan Hunter, Mr. President, from San Diego, California.

Kevin Cramer: Kevin Cramer from North Dakota.

Bill Shuster: Bill Shuster from Western Pennsylvania and chairman of the transportation committee.

Donald Trump: That's right. We're going to give you some money for transportation. That's good. Good territory.

Tom Reed: Mr. President, Tom Reed. It was a pleasure to travel with you to Florida.

Donald Trump: That's right.

Tom Reed: Congratulations.

Donald Trump: Thank you. Thank you.

Tom Marino: Mr. President, Tom Marino from Williamsburg, Pennsylvania. And please indulge me for 30 seconds. I have something for you.

Donald Trump: Uh oh. [Laughter]

Unidentified: Something for you to sign, I think he means. [Laughter]

Donald Trump: I think this is great.

Tom Marino: This is a portrait by an engineer -- a gentleman, Joe Padmerino, who -- 60-some years old. Never voted. Never registered. He registered for you and voted for you, and he asked me to give this to you. There's a nice letter there. I'm sorry, Mr. Vice President -- but that's that. I'll set this over here.

Donald Trump: That's beautiful. Thank you.

Tom Marino: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: He's a talented guy, I can see that.

Tom Marino: And the other thing here is --

Donald Trump: It's nice.

Tom Marino: -- the chairman and CEO of Little League World Series baseball here.

Donald Trump: Right.

Tom Marino: And, Mr. Vice President, I kind of figured that you would be here as well, so this is from the New York team last year that was in the World Series. That's for you. And this is a jersey that -- an original jersey of the New York team in the World Series last year. And this is for you as well.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. [Laughter, Applause] Okay. All right. Thank them for me.

Tom Marino: I will do that.

Donald Trump: Thank them for me. Rick, we know who you are.

Scott DesJarlais: Scott DesJarlais from Tennessee. And I just want you to know that Tennessee was falling behind in March -- and we're excited about the work you're doing. We know that health care and tax reform has to be done this year, and we like the work you're doing, and we need you to help us.

Donald Trump: We're going to get it done. And the health care is going really well. And now that we finally have Tom, Tom Price -- so that's a big thing. I mean, we couldn't get him.

Donald Trump: We are going to be announcing -- I guess I'll do it at 12 o'clock -- a new Secretary of Labor, who is really phenomenal. So that will be at 12 o'clock. And we're getting -- I mean, this is the slowest in history, the approval of a Cabinet. And these people are outstanding people. The man I'll be announcing for Labor is a star, great person. A great person.

Donald Trump: And so I look forward to that. But I appreciate everything you've done. You've been fantastic, and I appreciate that. Thank you.

Mike Kelly: Mr. President, good to see you. Mike Kelly.

Donald Trump: I know, Mike.

Mike Kelly: From right above Pittsburgh, up near Erie. Thanks so much. What an exciting summer we had together.

Donald Trump: We did okay.

Mike Kelly: We did better than okay.

Donald Trump: We took an area that wasn't a big Republican area, and we swamped them, right? [Laughter]

Mike Kelly: We did. We did. Thirty-four years since Erie actually voted for a Republican.

Donald Trump: Wow.

Mike Kelly: Thanks to you.

Donald Trump: Well, thank you very much.

Mike Kelly: Yes, sir.

Billy Long: Billy Long, Missouri 7th. And I'm co-chair of the Congressional Study Group on Japan. I'm going to be leading the delegation to Japan Saturday, meeting with Prime Minister Abe on Monday.

Donald Trump: He's a great guy.

Billy Long: So if you will tell me how many golf balls he lost in Florida. I don't know how many House of Representative golf balls to take. [Laughter]

Donald Trump: He played well, I'll tell you. And you know, we played with Ernie Els. I called up Billy -- I said, see if you can get me somebody good to play with; I have the Prime Minister of Japan who wants to play golf. So we get to the front of the club, and Ernie Els is waiting for us. He said, when you're ready. So we had a good time.

Donald Trump: No, he played very nicely, and he's a great guy. You're going to like him. I like him.

Billy Long: Oh, yeah, I've met him the last three or four years -- met with him there. He's a great guy. And I knew you all would hit it off because you're both people persons and a great personalities.

Donald Trump: Well, we had a good feeling.

Billy Long: So I knew you guys would get along good.

Donald Trump: Well, I always said about President Obama, it's great to play golf, but play golf with heads of countries. And, by the way, people like yourself, when you're looking for votes, don't play with your friends who you play with every week. [Laughter] Does that make sense?

Billy Long: Yeah, it does.

Donald Trump: I hit it off with the Prime Minister. He is a fabulous guy. He's -- loves his country. And we spoke all day long and well into the night. As you know, they launched a missile in North Korea, and we were discussing that. So it was really something.

Donald Trump: But have a good time over there.

Billy Long: I will.

Donald Trump: And give him my regards.

Billy Long: Ambassador Sasae was in my district for two full days, and he mentioned he was with you down there to play golf.

Donald Trump: He was.

Billy Long: He's another great guy -- he and his wife both.

Donald Trump: They're all good.

Billy Long: One last quick thing. Fran Drescher, from "The Nanny" --

Donald Trump: Right.

Billy Long: -- said you were on "The Nanny" one time. She has a request with her battle for cancer that you have a cancer board that has one non-medical person. So She wanted me to put her name in the hat for that. My daughter came through a successful cancer battle.

Donald Trump: She's fought hard. She's fought hard. Yes. You know what, if you would, Billy, why don't you give me that request? And we'll see if we can do that.

Billy Long: We will. I'll give it to your people. Thank you.

Donald Trump: Marsha.

Marsha Blackburn: Yes, I'm Marsha Blackburn from Tennessee. I chair the Telecommunications and Technology Subcommittee of Energy and Commerce. And we are looking forward to broadband expansion. Go broadband!

Donald Trump: We're going to get it.

Marsha Blackburn: Yes. All right.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much, everybody. I'll see you at 12 o'clock if you want. If you don't want, don't be there. [Laughter] If you don't show up, I won't be offended. [Laughter]

Question: Are you going to find some of those leakers, Mr. President?

Donald Trump: We're going to find the leakers. We're going to find the leakers. They're going to pay a big price for leaking. It's all about the leakers. You know the Russians are just a muse -- it's all about the leakers.