Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-welcome-lee-hsien-loong-singapore-october-23-2017

Donald Trump: Well, thank you very much. We have Prime Minister Lee, a highly respected man. Singapore, doing well; continues to do well. You never even see a downturn in Singapore, so -- I guess you don't agree with that. [Laughter] But I would say looking from the outside, you never see a downturn.

Donald Trump: I just want to congratulate you on having done a fantastic job. The relationship that we've had over the years has been very good, but it's never been closer than now. And we'll be spending a lot of time.

Donald Trump: One of the things we'll be doing in a short period time is signing, together, a very large contract where Singapore is buying billions of dollars' worth of airplanes from Boeing that will be made in our country.

Donald Trump: So that's jobs. And you're also buying the best plane, by the way. So that's very good. So I just want to thank Prime Minister Lee. Thank you very much.

Lee Hsien Loong: Well, thank you very much. Very happy to be here with you and to be here at a time when our relations are prospering. And we look forward to taking them forward, deepening them, and strengthening them for many years to come, and starting with this administration.

Donald Trump: That's very good. I think it will never be stronger.

Lee Hsien Loong: Thank you.

Donald Trump: And I'll be going over to that part of the world in two weeks, and stopping in numerous countries, including, as you know, Japan, South Korea, China. We're going to be stopping in Vietnam and probably the Philippines also. So it will be a very busy 10 or 11 days.

Lee Hsien Loong: A very important trip. We look forward to meeting you and to hearing your message.

Donald Trump: Very good. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you, everybody.

Question: Any closer on Fed Chair?

Donald Trump: Very close, thanks.

Question: Okay, let me know.

Donald Trump: Very, very close.