Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-ceo-michigan-march-15-2017

Donald Trump: Thank you. It's really wonderful to be here today with the auto industry workers and management leaders. I'm also pleased to be joined by two incredible members of my cabinet. Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao and Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Scott Pruitt. They've been doing an amazing job. They've done a lot of work in a very short period of time.

Donald Trump: We're looking forward to getting the rest of our cabinet approved because believe it or not, we don't have it yet. I also want to thank Senator -- we have two great Senators from a great state. Senator Steve, we're going to be heading out there very soon, right Bob? Thank you. Thank you very much. Appreciate you being here. You want to take some of this business back with you I think.

Donald Trump: They're doing big expansions in Michigan. That's what I've been promising and I guess maybe it's one of the reasons I won the state of Michigan much to the surprise of a lot of people because it's been many, many years. But I also want to thank Mary Barra on my right who has really been spearheading it and doing a great job with General Motors. We're going to create 900 brand new jobs, it was just announced.

Donald Trump: And that's going to be peanuts compared to the kind of numbers we're going to be seeing in the near future. I believe Mary's going to get on board and really build new plants in Michigan and the United States and it's going to be thousands and thousands of workers. And I want to thank you very much because you really have been spearheading. My first week in office some of the executives came to the White House, became friendly with Mark -- where's Mark? Where is Mark sitting?

Donald Trump: And Bill -- Bill Ford and it's been really great Mark, and I appreciate everything you're doing. It's been just super. Sergio flew in from Europe. He told me it took him 12 hours. I said, "What kind of a plane were you flying?" [Laughter] Where is Sergio? There he is. But you've been doing great and you make a great product and I appreciate it.

Donald Trump: Especially when you make them in the United States. So thank you. So, the Obama administration 11th hour executive actions were going back -- and they really did go back on a promise and it would have, I think, destroyed or further destroyed the automobile industry.

Donald Trump: The prior administration promised to listen to industry leaders like you about any concern you had with the current fuel efficiency standards during a so-called mid-term review in 2016 and 2018. Then the days went by and before my inauguration they did away with a mid-term review. Is that a correct statement, Mary? You don't want to get too involved politically, but is that a correct statement?

Mary Barra: That's right.

Donald Trump: They did away with it. Can I ask you, Mark, is that a correct statement?

Mark Fields: Yeah, they finalized it.

Donald Trump: It never happened. Were you -- we want to use the nice term -- were you missed represented too?

Mark Fields: It wasn't according to the process.

Mary Barra: Right.

Donald Trump: Imposing painful new restrictions on the American automobile production lines and undermining our ability to compete with other countries and other places throughout the world, which are very, very competitive, believe me. Especially when it comes to making cars.

Donald Trump: Today I'm here to make right on what you were promised. We are reinstituting the mid-term review. We're going to reinstitute that review and we're giving you a voice in the process. We're going to do some wonderful work for you, but you have to come back and you have to give us big numbers in terms of jobs. And I know the unions are going to treat them very nicely because, Dennis, we can't go crazy here. You understand that, okay?

Donald Trump: We got to take it nice and easy. We love the workers. We got to take it nice and easy. We got to let them build. Remember that, Dennis. I know you so well. So I know you're competitors and you'll always be competitors. But we're all on the same side.

Donald Trump: The most important issue -- this is to me the most important issue -- and that's keeping jobs in America and creating new jobs in the United States. That's why I'm here today. We're going to create new jobs.

Donald Trump: Many, many new jobs, new plants, not just an expansion of the plants. New plants. Modern plants like you've been building ion Mexico. Like you've been building in other locations. We want to have new plants built in Michigan and new plants built in Ohio and new plants in Pennsylvania and North Carolina and so many other places. And that's what we're looking for.

Donald Trump: So we're going to go all out. We're lowering your taxes. We're going to remove one job killing regulation after another. The regulations have already made a big impact on the auto business and on most other businesses.

Donald Trump: And we're far from being finished. We've signed many executive orders reducing regulations. We are far from finished. We think we can get rid of about 75 percent of the regulations in many cases and have more security for the worker, for the environment, and in safety because safety is so important. So we'll have better security. And that's why I'm very glad that my head of the Environmental Protection is here, Scott, wherever you are, Scott.

Donald Trump: So -- hello Scott. So this is going to be a new era for American jobs and job creation and a new era -- almost like the beginning for the American automobile manufacturers. We're going to make thousands and thousands and thousands of additional cars. We're going to make them in the United States. We're going to work with you on regulations. We're going to work with you on taxes.

Donald Trump: But you've got to work with us on new plants, on new jobs, and bringing back our country to a level that it's never seen before in terms of automobile production. And if you're going to do that you're going to see some really wonderful things happen for yourselves, your industry, and for most importantly, the people of Michigan and Ohio and all of the states that were so good to me.

Donald Trump: And they were good to me because they were treated very, very unfairly. And so I'm just here today to begin the process. And with that, if anybody has any questions we'd love to take them. Go ahead. Anybody? Dennis, do you want to ask something? It's always tough when I have the union guy ask first. That's always dangerous, Mark. But that's okay. Go ahead, Dennis.

Dennis Williams: Well, I just -- you know, I appreciate everything you said. I think that the focus on jobs in the United States is so important to us as a country and as working men and women in this country.

Donald Trump: Right.

Dennis Williams: And it's not just jobs, but it's good paying jobs and jobs that we can buy homes and vehicles that we build and everything else. But I do get concerned about environmental standards and I agree with you that the 2018 discussion that we had in -- I think it was in 2012.

Dennis Williams: We had a discussion, but we have to have a mid-term review. Because the way that we look at it is that we have to deal with the environment. We have to do it in a responsible way where manufacturers are not put in a situation that they cannot invest. But at the same time, meet the environmental needs of our nation. So that's a concern.

Donald Trump: Sure. 100 percent we agree with you. We all agree with you 100 percent. But we want you to make great cars and if it takes an extra thimble full of fuel we don't want that to stop making. And sometimes it's a tiny amount of fuel. It's a very small thing we're talking about and we want you to make -- I understand your business very well. I understand mechanics very well.

Donald Trump: I was always -- I would have been a very good -- I would have been a very good shop steward, but I would have been a good mechanic. And, you know, there comes a point at which you are not making great product anymore. It comes a point at which I would even say people end up buying used cars because they work better because of restrictions that are put on your new product.

Donald Trump: And we don't want to be at that position. And you are being forced into a position where in my opinion that was going to happen. So we're going to open it up and we're going to make it good in terms of your workers, which, you know, years ago you had thousands and thousands of more workers making automobiles in this country than you do today. And this isn't just machinery and robotics, this is, you know, the basics. And we're going to change that. And we want robotics. We want all of that to happen. Going to make that too by the way.

Donald Trump: But when I looked at the numbers I saw thousands -- tens of thousands of more workers many years ago than you have today and we're going to bring that all back. We're going to bring it back for the worker. Thank you. Thank you, Dennis.

Mark Fields: Mr. President, you know, on any given day we're all fierce competitors and I think the reason you have 18 OEMs of car makers sitting around here is because under your leadership to be able to put this mid-term review back on -- back on track, which was what we agreed to back in 2011 --

Donald Trump: Well, you weren't treated fairly. Because I went to many people and I'm talking to people that are down the middle. They don't care about anything. They just want a certain fairness and they were involved.

Mark Fields: Exactly.

Donald Trump: And you were not treated. You were misrepresented.

Mark Fields: And I think to your point, I just want to make clear that what we've asked for and what you've responded to is to reinstate the review. It's not a rejection of what we agreed to.

Mark Fields: It's a process. And so we really appreciate your leadership and as always, we want to -- we're absolutely, you know, committed to improving fuel economy for our customers, you know, less greenhouse gases, that's safe for the environment. But we need to make sure that it's done sensibly to your point in taking into account jobs.

Donald Trump: Right. Right. Thank you. Thank you, Mark, very much. Good job too. Mary?

Mary Barra: Yeah, I would say -- echo the comments. I think by opening up the mid-term review we can look at all the development in technologies that have been developed in the last five years and the way the industry is changing not only with ridesharing, with higher use -- so we can actually accomplish and do the right thing for the environment, do it more effectively that supports jobs and supports new technology.

Mary Barra: So I think it is very beneficial that we have this discussion, and, you know, find the pathway to do the right thing. And I think we can.

Donald Trump: And you have to compete with other countries too and we're going to make you so competitive that the only ones you can blame are going to be yourselves. You're not going to blame government anymore because you're not doing well against certain countries.

Donald Trump: You know, I'm so impressed with the people. I'm looking at Toyota, I'm looking at Kia, I'm looking at all these great car companies -- Volvo. It's so impressive. Then I look at Reince. I'm only kidding. [Laughter] You should run a car company. You probably will end up doing that in a long time, but maybe not. I don't know. He's done a great job, Reince.

Donald Trump: But I thought we could go around the table and we could start with our great Senator Bob Corker and just introduce yourself real quickly and we'll all know who's here.

Bob Corker: Yes sir, Bob Corker, Tennessee. I'm glad to be with you.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Bob Corker: And I know that the automobile industry plays such a huge role in our nation and I'm glad to see it flourishing here as it is in many places across the country and honored to be with all of you. Thank you.

Donald Trump: Thank you for being here, Bob.

David Geanacopoulos: Thank you, Mr. President. I'm David Geanacopoulos with Volkswagen Group of America. I'd like to thank you and Secretary Chao and Administrator Pruitt for reopening the mid-term review. We think there's a real opportunity for harmonization of standards. We do think it's important to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and protect the environment, but this process if important by itself and there is some opportunities there for flexibilities that can help us to comply and achieve the benefits. I also want to say that we're proud to be in Tennessee and to be represented by Senator Corker and Senator Alexander through our factory in Chattanooga. We've got 7,000 employees there -- in the country -- and 3,500 there. And we'd like to grow our presence in the U.S. and we look forward to working with you.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.

David Geanacopoulos: Thank you.

Donald Trump: It'll be a very fair review too. Thank you. Yes, sir.

Bob Kaiser: Good afternoon, Mr. President. I'm Bob Kaiser. I'm the CEO of Gallagher-Kaiser. We engineer and manufacture the paint jobs. I'm a strategic supplier of General Motors. Because of General Motors spend in the United States in the last four of five years in the United States I've been able to employ approximately 4,000-5,000 people at any given time. And I thank you for everything you're doing for the automobile industry. I've been in Detroit my whole life. I've seen the ups and downs and I think the nation is much better when the cars are cut -- when the industry is thriving. Thank you.

Donald Trump: Are the paints today as good without the lead content? You know, you used to have a high lead content.

Bob Kaiser: Yes.

Donald Trump: And I have heard that paints today maybe are not as good as they used to be because of what's been done. Are paints today as good as they used to be or not?

Bob Kaiser: Yes, they're a lot better I would believe.

Donald Trump: You think so?

Bob Kaiser: Yes.

Donald Trump: Okay. That's great.

Bob Kaiser: And less harmful to the environment.

Donald Trump: Good. Okay.

Jerry Flannery: Thank you, Mr. President. Jerry Flannery from Hyundai Motor America. We're based in Southern California.

Donald Trump: Sure.

Jerry Flannery: Last year sold over 700,000 cars in the United States and we proudly built 400,000 of those in Montgomery, Alabama. As you know, we committed $3.1 billion further investment --

Donald Trump: That's true.

Jerry Flannery: -- in the United States over the next five years between Hyundai and Kia. and helped bring more jobs working on automation, research and development. look forward to working with you. Thank you for your leadership.

Donald Trump: Thank you, Jerry. It's a big investment you're making. I know all about it.

Jerry Flannery: Thank you.

Donald Trump: And you'll be very happy. You're going to be very happy. Thank you.

Jerry Flannery: Thank you for your leadership.

Donald Trump: John?

John Maddox: Good afternoon, Mr. President. Thank you very much for joining us here. John Maddox, the president and CEO of the American Center for Mobility here at Willow Run. We're a technology startup. We are focused on automated and connected vehicle technologies. We're building a proving grounds here right at Willow Run, taking advantage -- continuing the spirit of innovation here.

John Maddox: Really focused on making a place that auto companies and technology companies and government agencies can use to develop the technology very rapidly. We also see automated technology, connected technology as critical for competitiveness in the auto industry. We know other countries are following our lead.

Donald Trump: And you're going to need a lot of approvals for that because that is a very tough situation. I know you're having a tough situation in certain states. Not in Tennessee I don't think. To have the autonomous cars, without driver. So it's going to be very interesting, but we're going to help you and help you as much as we can.

John Maddox: That's right. And Michigan and the auto industry are going to lead the way.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Jim Lentz: Mr. President, Jim Lentz from Toyota. Thank you very much for being here today and listening to the industry. The mid-term review -- fair and thorough is very important. You know, as we look at what's happening in the industry, smart regulation is really what we need to think about. It's very complex today with what's going on with emissions and CAFE, but --

Donald Trump: It shouldn't be complex, but --

Jim Lentz: Yeah, I would agree.

Donald Trump: It shouldn't be. It's not a complex subject. It's going to be great regulation, but it's going to be fair.

Jim Lentz: Yeah.

Donald Trump: But it won't be complex. It'll be better for the environment, it'll be better for safety, but it won't be complex.

Jim Lentz: And I think as we look at future regulation around autonomy, around connected cars, other issues that the industry is going to face -- that same idea of smart regulation, I think, is really going to work.

Jim Lentz: You know, we have -- we have headquartered our autonomous unit here in North America -- a billion dollar investment in artificial intelligence -- as well as our connected car company is going to be here in North America. So you will see jobs.

Donald Trump: You got to build those new plants here though, Jim. You know what I'm talking about, right?

Jim Lentz: I understand.

Donald Trump: I know I gave you a hard time, but you got to build them here, okay?

Jim Lentz: I understand.

Donald Trump: All right. Michael.

Michael Sprague: Thank you, Mr. President. It's an honor to be here. Really appreciate it. Proud to represent Kia Motors and our 3,000 employees down in West Point, Georgia building the Sorento that you had an opportunity to see there.

Donald Trump: Sure. Very nice.

Michael Sprague: We opened that plant back in 2009. 360,000 cars built per year, 3,000 employees, 15,000 indirect employees, so really appreciate it. We did it in the height of the recession. Took an economic depressed area and now it's booming. So, more jobs coming.

Donald Trump: Great, Michael. Thank you. I heard that.

Michael Sprague: Thank you. Appreciate it.

Sergio Marchionne: I just want to thank you for being here today. I think my colleagues have expressed all our collective concerns. There's not much I can add, but thank you for coming.

Donald Trump: Thank you, Sergio. Governor?

Rick Snyder: Yeah, well, thank you for coming, Mr. President. It's exciting to have you here at the American Center for Mobility. This is going to be the world's best test site for autonomous intelligent vehicles.

Rick Snyder: And it's critically important to our future and you're helping build that with your thoughts about tax reform, regulatory reform, that's how we've helped bring Michigan back. And we look forward to working with you and great partnership to show how we can lead the world. So thank you for being in Michigan.

Donald Trump: Great. Thank you very much. Thank you, Governor.

Elaine Chao: Mr. President, today is a win for the American economy and the American worker.

Donald Trump: Thank you, thank you very much. Keep up the good work. Mary?

Mary Barra: Well, again, Mr. President, thank you for this opportunity. I think the team has stated it very well, but I want to reinforce, you know, we can do the right thing from an environmental perspective. We can do it in an efficient way. We can make sure that we're preserving and even growing jobs. So I see this as a huge opportunity and I hope that we can include that in the dialog.

Donald Trump: Good. It will be. You okay, Dennis? You want to go again?

Dennis Williams: I'm fine. You know, Mr. President, I'm glad you're here. I'm really happy to hear that we're going to continue to work on the environment. The only thing I would like for you to change a piece of your discussion when you say, "We want you to build your factories here and be UAW members so we can have a great partnership." Okay?

Donald Trump: [Laughs]. I understand that, Dennis.

Dennis Williams: We want the workers to rise too, right?

Donald Trump: Some things never change, right? [Laughter]

Dennis Williams: I mean we want the workers to rise, right?

Donald Trump: We do. Workers are going to rise, believe me. They're going to have so many options and so many jobs. And we appreciate your support too, Dennis. For everything.

Dennis Williams: I've got to convince the senator down there.

Donald Trump: Mark, go ahead.

Mark Fields: Just to reiterate what everybody else says. We can do right by the economy, jobs, and we can do right by the environment. And I think you can have a -- as everybody said, a win-win-win. I would just like to emphasize as we -- as we do this mid-term review, a very important title was used when we agreed back in 2011, which was one national standard.

Mark Fields: And so working together with Car -- California Resources Board, NITSA, and also EPA is going to be hugely important to the entire industry to be able to do this economically right for the environment and right for the customer.

Donald Trump: And that'll be worked out quickly. Very high standards, but worked out quickly. Scott?

Scott Pruitt: Mr. President, it's an honor to be with you today. It's been wonderful to meet you here today as well as mark indicated, we've lived under this narrative for the last several years that you can't be pro growth and pro environment. That's something we need to reject as a country. We can grow jobs, we can be pro growth, and we can also be good stewards of the environment.

Scott Pruitt: As you look around this table, Mr. President, each of these individuals were told that they were going to take a test in April of 2018 and what happened last year is that the EPA said, "No, we're not going to give the test in April of 2018. We're going to accelerate it by 16 months and take the test early." You righted that today. It's great leadership and we appreciate the leadership.

Donald Trump: Okay. Thank you very much, Scott.

Jose Muñoz: Jose Munoz with Nissan. Mr. President, thank you for the invitation. It's an honor to be here. We really appreciate the position that you've taken today. It's an historical moment. I want to say that we have very proudly in America, since over 58 years, 33 years with production plants, 22,000 employees, 12,000 of them in Tennessee. We are [Inaudible] the support from senators Alexander and Corker and also from the Governor in Tennessee.

Jose Muñoz: We have increased our production in America 778 percent the last five years, 50 percent sales increase, more than one million cars produced. We have the largest plant in America, historically [Inaudible] in Tennessee -- 645,000 vehicles produced and also the largest engine plant also in [Inaudible] Tennessee with over one million engines produced. And we'd been the first ones implementing a plant in Mississippi. Thank you very much again.

Donald Trump: What percentage of your cars are made here versus Japan?

Jose Muñoz: Well, we do 65 percent of our plants here.

Donald Trump: Sold in the United States?

Jose Muñoz: Yes.

Donald Trump: Okay, good. I had your great Prime Minister with me. Prime Minister Abe. He's a great gentleman and a great -- become a great friend of mine. So we had a very, very great time two weeks ago. You possibly heard about it. Great guy.

Jose Muñoz: Yes, indeed.

Donald Trump: Yes, sir.

Dietmar Exler: Hello, Mr. President. I'm Dietmar Exler from Mercedes-Benz USA. Thank you for having us here today and thank you for opening the door for discussions about regulation that can support growth.

Dietmar Exler: At Mercedes-Benz we've also been producing vehicles in the U.S. for about 20 years. We made -- we started with the SUV production for the whole world here. We're down in Vance, Alabama producing over 300,000 vehicles there. About 70 percent actually exported to other countries in the world.

Donald Trump: Very good. Thank you.

Unidentified: Thank you, Mr. President. I think we are the Benjamin here. We are the junior around the table. We don't have a car yet, as you probably have seen. We are -- we are building a factory in the United States as we speak in South Carolina, close to Charleston.

Donald Trump: Good. Great place.

Unidentified: We will open it mid next year. We will start with 60,000 cars and have the capacity to move along to 140,000 cars. So we are delighted to be here. we took a deliberate choice to be in the United States and I think we are happy we took that -- we took that decision.

Donald Trump: Well, thank you. And South Carolina's a great place. Very special place. And again, our Chief of Staff, Reince, would you like to say something?

Reince Priebus: Other than really proud to work for the President who works hard every day. I've never seen anyone work harder than him. And the accomplishments that he's put on the table so far have been tremendous. And he's got the hearts of the American worker on his mind every day. And you're all part of making that dream come true.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Rick Schostek: Mr. President, I'm Rick Schostek from Honda. I also want to add our voice of thanks for reinstating the mid-term review process. Thanks to you and to Administrator Pruitt, we very much appreciate that.

Rick Schostek: Honda has 12 manufacturing facilities in the United States. We've been building here since 1979. Not only cars, but lawn mowers, generators, all-terrain vehicles. I recently opened a plant making jets in South Carolina -- business jets in North Carolina.

Donald Trump: I saw that, beautiful. Very nice.

Rick Schostek: I'm proud to employ 30,000 hardworking men and women here in the United States. And, you know, looking forward with new technologies and environmental technologies we just recently announced along with General Motors a joint venture to make fuel cells right here in Michigan.

Donald Trump: That's great. Thank you very much, Rick.

David Dauch: Mr. President, I'm David Dauch from American Axle Manufacturing, tier one automotive of driveline and drivetrain and metal-formed products. We support General Motors and Ford and FCA as well as many of the other esteemed OEMs here.

David Dauch: Strong manufacturer committed to U.S. manufacturing. We're in the process of acquiring another U.S. based company adding an additional 30 U.S. plants to our portfolio today, which is over 20. We'll have 25,000 associates as part of our organization when it's all said and done. So very committed to U.S. manufacturing. Very committed to your agenda and glad to be with you and support the team.

Donald Trump: Great company too.

David Dauch: Thank you.

Steve Miller: Mr. President, I'm Steve Miller, and I am CEO at International Automotive Components. We have 80 factories around the world and serve all of the major automakers near their place of business. You hired my boss, Wilbur Ross, to join your cabinet --

Donald Trump: Smart guy, right? Smart?

Steve Miller: He's going to deal with the trade issues and he understands them deeply.

Donald Trump: Sure.

Steve Miller: Our industry is inherently global supply chain.

Donald Trump: Right.

Steve Miller: And we need to make sure that America is treated fairly. But that should not stop the benefits that all people get from trading.

Donald Trump: Well, you do know that we are not being treated fairly, though? You do know that, right? I think, better than anybody.

Steve Miller: Thank you very much.

Donald Trump: No, America is not being treated fairly by the world and it's going to be treated fairly, believe me. Senator?

Lamar Alexander: Thanks Mr. President for bringing me to Michigan where auto jobs are growing. When we leave here we'll be going to another state where they're growing, Tennessee.

Lamar Alexander: Thanks to General Motors, Nissan, Volkswagen, and 1,000 suppliers, auto jobs are now one third of all of our manufacturing jobs and the single most important thing you can do to help us is what you're doing today, which is to create a competitive environment so that the plants and the suppliers in our country can compete with the rest of the world.

Donald Trump: Thank you, Senator.

Dave Trott: Thank you for coming back to Michigan, Mr. President. We met here several years ago when you came in for the open county Lincoln dinner. I think it's still the largest Lincoln dinner in our state's history.

Dave Trott: Thanks for attacking all the regulations affecting the auto industry. People forget all these regulations that have been promulgated add a bout $6,000 to the cost of every car. And also, I would be remiss if I didn't tell you that Speaker Ryan is doing a great job getting your healthcare solution through the House.

Donald Trump: Good. Good man. And I want to thank you, Dave. It's true, about five or six years ago I was given the man of the year in Michigan. And I made a speech -- I didn't know I'd be doing this -- I didn't know I'd be running for President. I made a speech and I said, "Your car industry is being stolen from you." Is that right?

Dave Trott: Great speech.

Donald Trump: And I spoke about it and I think the people of Michigan never forgot that speech and that's why we're here. So -- and I want to thank you for your support. You were amazing for a long time.

Donald Trump: Thank you, David. Does anybody have any questions and then we're going to head out. Going to do a little speech. Everyone okay? I want to thank everybody very much and let's go to the next event. [Applause]