Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-military-briefing-south-korea-november-7-2017

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. I just want to thank General Brooks and everybody that is working with us so hard on the situation in South Korea. Terrific people. I had a choice of having a beautiful, very fancy lunch, and I said no, I want to eat with the troops and we ate with the troops, and it was good eating. Good eating.

Donald Trump: And I'll tell you, they've done a terrific job. Very impressive. And we have a very strong schedule today, and actually for the next nine days. As you know, we just got back from Japan, where we had a very successful two days.

Donald Trump: Today will be pretty busy tomorrow also, and then we head to China. And I look forward to that. There's great cooperation. We have a terrific meeting scheduled on trade in a little while with President Moon and his representatives and hopefully that will start working out, and working out and working out so that we have lots of jobs in the United States, which is one of the reasons, one of the very important reasons I'm here.

Donald Trump: In addition to that, we will be meeting with the various generals, General Brooks, and the various generals about the situation in North Korea. I think we have lots of good answers for you over a period of time and ultimately it will all work out. It always works out. It has to work out.

Donald Trump: So I want to thank you all for being here. We appreciate it. Thank you very much. We're going to see you in a little while. And I think about 4:30, we're going to be separately meeting with you. But we appreciate it.

Donald Trump: I hope you had a good flight here. Many of you were on the flight with me, so I know it was pretty good. And. I think you're probably just as impressed as I am.

Donald Trump: This is a very impressive group of people. Beyond facilities, people. These are very impressive people. So General, thank you very much. Appreciate it. Thank you very much. Thank you very much everybody.