Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-presidents-cup-golf-october-1-2017

Steve Sands: This is the President's Cup after all. And his attendance today honors the event and both teams. It is my pleasure to invite President Trump to become the first sitting U.S. President to present the trophy to the winning team. Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Well, thank you very much everybody. I just have to say these people, they're special people. They are born and then they work very hard on this incredible talent and they really are -- they're very talented, talented folks and really, they are people that have good hearts.

Donald Trump: So I want to congratulate the Internationals on really being amazing -- and you played very well today, by the way. [Applause]

Donald Trump: And, on behalf of all of the people of Texas, and all of the people of -- if you look today and you see what's happening, how horrible it is -- but we have it under really great control, Puerto Rico, and the people of Florida, who have really suffered over this last short period of time with the hurricanes.

Donald Trump: I want to just remember them and we're going to dedicate this trophy to all of those people that went through so much, that we love a part, of our great state... really a part of our great nation. [Applause]

Donald Trump: And I tell you what, I've been saying in this from the beginning and I have to say, our team USA -- wow did you play well. So, that great putter that I've been copying his putting stroke for many, many years but it hasn't worked, Steve Stricker. [Applause]

Donald Trump: Where is Steve? Get over here Steve. We're going to present Steve with a trophy. And again I want to thank everybody. This is a special group of folks -- tremendous monies donated to charity by the tour every year.

Donald Trump: How much did you do this year. How much? 270? Oh, that's much less. [Laughter] That sounded better the first time. $170 million. That's a lot of money. That's pretty good right? That's pretty good. [Applause]

Donald Trump: Again, to both teams, congratulations. And to Team USA that was unbelievable playing. You're great champions. Thank you very much everybody. Steve. [Applause]