Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-nasa-march-21-2017

Donald Trump: Okay, thank you very much. For almost six decades, NASA's work has inspired millions and millions of Americans to imagine distant worlds and a better future, right here on Earth. I am delighted to sign this bill - it's been a long time since a bill like this has been signed, reaffirming our national commitment to the core mission of NASA.

Donald Trump: Human space exploration, space science, and technology. With this legislation, we support NASA's scientists, engineers, astronauts, and their pursuit of discovery. We support jobs, it's about jobs also. This bill calls for ongoing medical monitoring and treatment of our heroic astronauts for health conditions that result from their service.

Donald Trump: It's a pretty tough job, I don't know Ted, would you like to do it? I don't think I would. Mark, do you want to do it? [Laughter] I'm not sure we want to do it.

Ted Cruz: You could send Congress to space. [Laughter]

Donald Trump: What a great idea. That could be a mission. [Laughter] This bill will make sure that NASA's most important and effective programs are sustained. It orders NASA to continue, and it does -- it orders just that, to continue transitioning activities to the commercial sector where we have seen great progress.

Donald Trump: It's amazing what's going on. So many people in so many companies are so into exactly what NASA stands for. So, the commercial and the private sector will get to use these facilities. And I hope they're going to be paying us a lot of money. That they're going to make great progress.

Donald Trump: It continues support for the commercial crew program, which will carry American astronauts into space from American soil once again. Been a long time. It supports NASA's deep space exploration, including the space launch system and the Orient space craft.

Donald Trump: It advances space science by maintaining a balanced set of missions and activities to explore our solar system and the entire universe. And it ensures that through NASA's astronauts and aeronautics research, the United States will remain a total leader in aviation.

Donald Trump: Now, these astronauts are amazing. I've met some of them, they are very brave people and they're right at the forefront. So, we salute them with this legislation. And we salute the ones that have lost their lives doing what they love to do.

Donald Trump: America's space program has been a blessing to our people and to the entire world. Almost half a century ago, our brave astronauts first planted the American flag on the moon. That was a big moment in our history.

Donald Trump: Now, this nation is ready to be the first in space once again. Today, we're taking the initial steps toward a bold and bright new future for American space flight. I am honored to sign this new bill. The folks behind me have been so involved in it.

Donald Trump: They love NASA, they love everything it stands for, and they love the people in their areas. You have a couple of areas that are going to be very benefit -- very much benefitted by this. So, I just want to thank all of the people standing behind me. They've done a great service for the country and to their communities.

Donald Trump: It's a lot of jobs, and these are great jobs. So, thank you very much and we'll sign this. Okay, so, we'll hold that up. Lot of pages, look at the pages in there. That's a lot. [Laughter] We don't want to let that slip. [Applause] Who else should get these, Mr. Vice President? Okay, I have two left. Who else? Bill?

Chris Cassidy: Mr. President, on behalf of NASA, I'd like to present you with this vest -- astronaut flight jacket. Thank you very much for your support. [Applause]

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. Does anybody have anything to say? Ted, do you want to say something?

Ted Cruz: Well, this is terrific. The first time in seven years we've had a NASA authorization bill. Thank you, Mr. President, for signing it.

Ted Cruz: This means a great deal to the nation's space exploration. It means a great deal to the state of Texas, and it continues America's leadership in space. So, thank you for your leadership.

Donald Trump: Thank you, Ted. Marco?

Marco Rubio: I just think I'm happy to see that Florida is going to continue to do more than Texas is in NASA. [Laughter]

Donald Trump: Going to be a good competition right, Kevin? Mr. Vice President?

Mike Pence: Senator Nelson perhaps, Mr. President?

Donald Trump: Okay, Senator? Oh, he's a Democrat, I wasn't going to let him speak. [Laughter] He does love NASA.

Bill Nelson: It puts us on the dual track. We have to commercial companies going to and from the international space station, and we have NASA going out and exploring the heavens. And we're going to Mars.

Donald Trump: Good, I love that.

John Culberson: Just as a -- Mr. President, if I may. Just as Americans remember that President Eisenhower was the father of the Interstate highway system, with your bill signing today and your vision and leadership, future generations will remember that President Donald Trump was the father of the interplanetary highway system.

Donald Trump: Well, that sounds exciting. [Laughter] First, we want to fix our highways. We're going to fix our highways. [Applause] We're going to fix our highways.

Brian Babin: Mr. President?

John Culberson: Yes?

Brian Babin: As the House Subcommittee Chair, I'd like to -- and actually part of the author of TREAT Act for our astronauts, that started in a meeting with Astronaut Scott Kelly after he got back from nearly a year in space. And I said, "What can we do for you in the House of Representatives?"

Brian Babin: He said, "Take care of us, make sure we're hanging on to this data so that future astronauts will be treated right and will know what to do and make the proper adjustments for folks when they're up in -- up there in the ISS and beyond. So, I want to thank everybody here, thank these astronauts who've put their lives on the line.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. Thank you, everybody. Mike, go ahead.

Mike Pence: Excuse me, for a moment. I just want to, on behalf of the President and all of us, I want to thank all of these members of Congress, these courageous astronauts for their work on this.

Mike Pence: But to assure you that in very short order that the President will be taking action to relaunch the National Space Council, and he's asked me to share that as Vice Presidents have in the past. And we're going to be bringing together the best and the brightest in NASA and also in the private sector.

Mike Pence: We have elected a builder for President, and as he said, America once again is to start building and leading to the stars. So, thank you, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Thank you, everybody. [Applause]