Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-easter-egg-roll-april-17-2017

Donald Trump: I want to thank everybody. This is the 139th Easter Egg Roll -- think of it -- 139. It began a long time ago -- 1878 -- and we will be stronger, and bigger, and better as a nation than ever before. We're right on track. You see what's happening, and we are right on track.

Donald Trump: So thank you everybody for being here. [Applause] We're going to do cards for soldiers in a little bit --  Melania and Barron and myself are going downstairs. We're going to sign some cards to our great troops -- the cards for troops, and we look forward to that.

Donald Trump: And then we're going to come out and join you and enjoy your company for a roll -- a great Easter egg roll. And i don't know if we're going to be successful, but i know a lot of people down there going to be successful. I've seen those kids and they're highly highly competitive, that I can tell you.

Donald Trump: I just want to thank First Lady Melania Trump. She's really worked hard on this. She has been working on this for a long time, to make it perfect and we wanted to keep it just right. So I want to just ask her to speak, but before she speaks I want to congratulate her on this wonderful wonderful day.

Donald Trump: We're going to have a lot of people, a lot of people and they're going to have a great time. So Melania ,thank you very much and Barron thank you very much for being here. Thank you very much. Honey? First Lady Melania Trump. Thank you everybody/

Melania Trump: Thank you. Welcome to the White House. This is the first time that my husband and I are hosting this wonderful tradition, and it is great that you are all with us today. I hope you have a great time with many activities. I want to thank military band, all the staff and volunteers who work tirelessly to ensure that you have memorable experience.

Melania Trump: I want to thank all the military with us today and... [Applause] and all military in this great nation, and servicemen and servicewomen all around the world who was keeping us safe. As we renew this tradition, thank you for joining us. On behalf of the President and Barron, we wish your great fun and beautiful day is coming ahead of us, and Happy Easter thank you. God bless you. [Applause]

Donald Trump: Happy Easter and have a great great time, have a great day. thank you folks. Thank you very much. I'm coming down, I'm going to be joining you. Thank you very much. My whole family's here. Thank you. [Applause]