Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-houston-hurricane-harvey-september-2-2017

Donald Trump: Thank you very much governor, and I want to congratulate the governor. I want to congratulate everybody that's worked so hard. It's been an incredible five days, six days... it seems like it's much longer than that, but actually it's going so well that it's going fast, at a certain sense.

Donald Trump: But I want to tell so many of you are faith-based, and I want to just tell you that tomorrow we have National Prayer Day -- and that was an official proclamation. So we have a very special day -- they haven't done that... Ted, I don't think they've done that for a while in our country.

Donald Trump: But now we've done it. So tomorrow is a very big day, so go to your church and pray and enjoy the day. so... and congratulations, congratulations on that. I want to thank Ted Cruz. Senator Ted Cruz for working so hard with us [Applause] and Ted doesn't know, but his work is just starting now right.

Donald Trump: We have to push that... stuff through, but we will. We've signed some very big authorizations last night, and we'll get it throug. And Brock, come here a minute Brock, what a job you've done, huh what a job! Thank you very much. Thank you. And the water is disappearing and we do... we have a long way to go, but the waters disappearing.

Donald Trump: And you look at the neighborhoods and you see it's... we just rode through this and two days ago, even yesterday, they had water and today it's all swept up and cleaned up and you've got a lot of hard-working people, I'll tell you that. A lot of hard-working people.

Donald Trump: So I want to thank everybody for being... you know Ben Carson, come here Ben. The great Ben Carson. And Elaine Duke, and who likes schools, because we have the finest person in the world for schools come here. She just had a full-page story today in The Wall Street Journal, which is actually a very good story. Did you like it?

Donald Trump: And David, thank you, from the VA, David Shulkin [Applause] and, most importantly, the real boss of the family, right? Come on up here, Come This is the real boss. Thank you. I just have to say, and I was just telling Ted you have a great governor, and a great first lady of Texas, special people. [Applause]

Donald Trump: They have worked so hard, and the coordination between the federal and the state and the local, has been terrific and we're going to keep it going that way. If anything, we'll even get it, I don't know, if it gets better, but we're going to try and make it better. But I just have to say this: the cameras are blazing. I have to say it. You have a great, great governor and he's done a fantastic job.

Donald Trump: So, on behalf of Melania and myself, I want to thank you, governor for everything, you've done, and first lady. Thank you very much. So nice, so good. Well, thank you very much. I appreciate it, and it's really, it's really... David, seeing something like like has happened here.

Donald Trump: You know David has taken the Veterans Administration, the VA and he's done so many things for the veterans and such. We've really been here eight months, if you think about it. [Applause] And they now have choice which is such a big thing, you know you used to read, and for those of you that aren't vets frankly, and we have a lot of vets in the room, I know, but you used to wait online for nine days, 14 days.

Donald Trump: Ted knows very well, and now Ted, as you know, he has a program of choice where they don't have to do that. They go to a doctor and we take care of it. But it's faster. It's actually, probably in the end, it'll be less expensive, if you think about it, and people that can be fixed up perfectly in a matter of minutes.

Donald Trump: I mean in some cases bad, bad things happen to them, because they couldn't get to see a doctor. Now they see their doctor, they see a doctor of their choice, but they go out and they get great medical care quickly. Governor, it's the way you would do it.

Donald Trump: I know that. And and really for years as a civilian -- I don't know if I've ever said this, I used to sit back and say wonder why they don't do that? It's not like so complicated right? I'd read these horrible stories about our great people, our great veterans standing on a line and waiting for weeks to get to just see a doctor, and they have some great doctors in the VA, some really talented doctors.

Donald Trump: The problem is you just can't... oh, somebody said thank, you sound like we are you a doctor in the VA, but you see what we're doing. Thank you hon. I appreciate that. But, so we're doing it and we're really proud of it. And Ben, you are doing a spectacular job really spectacular with HUD. You brought a lot of spirit.

Donald Trump: Ben has brought a lot of spirit to HUD, I can tell you that. I know it very well. And Betsy again, thank you very much. Thank you, everybody. And governor congratulations on on doing a real job, and now I'll give you another congratulations in about one week, because that'll be that other... and then it's a long term.

Donald Trump: I mean, we're talking about, they say two years, three years. I think that, you know, because this is Texas, you'll -- probably do it in six months. I have a feeling right? [Applause] I think for a lot of places, maybe it never gets done, and I think I think in your case it'll get done very quickly.

Donald Trump: Thank you. Everybody. Again, National Prayer Day tomorrow, and a real honor to be with you all. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you, Ted. Thank You Brock. Thank you. We love you too. Thank you.