Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-moon-south-korea-press-statement-june-30-2017

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. Melania and I are honored to welcome President Moon of South Korea and his lovely wife, Madam Kim, to the White House. Mr. President, let me be the first to congratulate you on your election. Tremendous election victory. And also the people of South Korea for providing such an incredible example of democracy for the world to see. It was very exciting. I must say. And congratulations.

Donald Trump: This morning, President Moon and Vice President Pence laid a wreath at the Korean War Veterans Memorial to commemorate the 67th anniversary of the Korean War. A beautiful ceremony. We will never forget that Americans and Koreans bravely fought and died together for a free Korea. To the Korean and American veterans of that war, great people, we are eternally grateful for your service and for your sacrifice.

Donald Trump: More than six decades after our partnership was forged in the fires of war, the alliance between the United States and South Korea is a cornerstone of peace and security in a very, very dangerous part of the world. The link between our countries, cemented in battle, is now also tied together by culture, commerce and common values.

Donald Trump: Together we are facing the threat of the reckless and brutal regime in North Korea. The nuclear and ballistic missile programs of that regime require a determined response. The North Korean dictatorship has no regard for the safety and security of its people or its neighbors, and has no respect for human life. And that's been proven over and over again.

Donald Trump: Millions of North Korea's own citizens have suffered and starved to death. And the entire world just witnessed what the regime did to our wonderful Otto Warmbier. I thank President Moon for expressing his condolences on the travesty of Otto Warmbier's death. Our thoughts and prayers remain with his wonderful family.

Donald Trump: The years of strategic patience, with the North Korean regime, has failed. Many years and the failed. -- it's failed. And frankly, that patience is over. We're working closely with South Korea and Japan, as well as partners around the world on a range of diplomatic, security and economic measures to protect our allies and our own citizens from this menace known as North Korea. The United States calls on other regional powers and all responsible nations to join us in implementing sanctions and demanding that the North Korean regime choose a better path and do it quickly, and a different future for its long-suffering people.

Donald Trump: Our goal is peace, stability and prosperity for the region. But the United States will defend itself, always will defend itself, always, and we will always defend our allies. As part of that commitment, we are working together to ensure fair burden sharing and support of the United States military presence in South Korea.

Donald Trump: Burden sharing is a very important factor. A factor that's becoming more and more prevalent certainly in this administration. We're also working to create a fair and reciprocal economic relationship. From the when the U.S.-Korea trade deal was signed in 2011, to 2016, you know who signed it, you know who wanted it.

Donald Trump: Our trade deficit was South Korea has increased -- with South Korea has increased by more than $11 billion. Not exactly a great deal. I was gratified to learn about the new investment South Korean companies are making in the United States. This month there's a first shipment of American liquefied natural gas to South Korea in a deal worth more than $25 billion. It's great.

Donald Trump: We will do more to remove barriers, to reciprocal trade and market access. We talked last night and today about some tough trade issues. Like autos -- like autos and steal. I'm encouraged by President Moon's assurances that he will work to create a level playing field so that American workers and businesses and especially automakers can have a fair shake at dealing with South Korea.

Donald Trump: South Korean companies sell cars in America, American companies should have that same exact privilege on a reciprocal basis. I'm sure we'll be able to work that out. In addition I have called on South Korea to stop enabling the export of dumped steel. These would be important steps forward in our trading relationship. Very important steps. They have to be made. Not fair to the American worker if they are not. And they will be.

Donald Trump: Our teams are going to get to work on these issues. And they're going to sign a deal that's great for South Korea and great for the United States. Mr. President, i'm thrilled that you are here today and deeply honored that you choose to go to the United States as your first foreign trip as President. I greatly enjoyed our dinner last night and the many productive discussions that we've already started having today.

Donald Trump: I look forward to working with you for many years to come, to strengthen our alliance, protect our citizens from common threats, and deepen the enduring bonds of friendships between Americans and the great people of South Korea. Thank you very much, President Moon. Thank you. [Applause]

Moon Jae-in: Deep appreciation to President Trump for inviting me to the White House and extending me such a special welcome. When I was elected President last month, President Trump was the first foreign leader to give me a congratulatory call. After going such through such a tumultuous journey, the Korean people finally achieved victory.

Moon Jae-in: The words of President Trump conveyed the warmth of the American people's hearts for what we have accomplished in Korea. We have surmounted, for freedom, democracy, peace and prosperity, toward which we have walked together for all the great alliance has achieved, you gave your consolation and support.

Moon Jae-in: Once again, let me take this opportunity to thank you, Mr. President, and the American people. In my first foreign conversation with President Trump last May, he came across as a man of determination and pragmatism, leaving me a powerful impression. Yesterday and today -- [Note: Audio and translation gap] a broad consensus.

Moon Jae-in: During my visit this time, President Trump and I were able to forge friendship, as well as deep mutual trust. As we endeavored to tackle numerous challenges ahead of us, this will give us a solid foundation to rely on. First, President Trump and I agreed that only strong security can bring about genuine peace.

Moon Jae-in: Throughout U.S. Combined defense posture, including deterrence, we concurred to strengthen our overwhelming deterrence. The threat and provocation by the North will be met with a stern response. The gravest challenge confronting our two nations is the nuclear and missile threat posed by North Korea. President Trump and I decided to place a top priority on addressing this issue and coordinate on relevant policies.

Moon Jae-in: Through this end, our two leaders will employ both sanctions and dialogue in a phased and comprehensive approach. And based on this, we both pledged to seek a fundamental resolution of the North Korean nuclear program. The North Korean nuclear issue must be resolved without fail. North Korea should by no means underestimate the firm commitment of Korea and the U.S. In this regard.

Moon Jae-in: I also urge Pyongyang to promptly return to the negotiating table for denuclearization of the Korean peninsula. National security leave no room for either compromise or suggestion. On this occasion, the U.S. and President Trump's firm resolve is noted. With great appreciation. The Republic of Korea will be striving to strengthen our capabilities, while building up its own capacity to defend itself.

Moon Jae-in: As we undertake these endeavors, bilateral cooperation and defense technologies will gather further traction. Economic partnership between our countries forms an essential pillar for future oriented development of the alliance. We've both agreed on this. Economic growth and job creation are promoted to ensure our peoples enjoy greater mutual benefits through the collective efforts we committed to make.

Moon Jae-in: Third, as we fight against terrorism and other global challenges together, the alliance, as agreed by ourselves, will be broadened and developed in a global partnership, as we move forward, our two nations will work toward establishing high levels of this in diverse areas of interest. To make it happen, concrete actions will be formulated.

Moon Jae-in: I would like to take a moment to convey my heartfelt sympathy and condolences to the American people and the grieved family, grieving over the death of Mr. Warmbier. I deeply sympathize with Americans who are saddened that they were not able to defend their fellow citizen. As a former human rights attorney myself, I am keenly aware of the significance of human rights as a universal value of humanity, to make sure that this tragedy never repeats itself, our two nations will cooperate with a community of nations to promote human rights in North Korea.

Moon Jae-in: I also invited President Trump to visit Korea this year and he graciously accepted my offer. Mr. and Mrs. Trump's visit to Korea will once again demonstrate not only our friendship, but also the intimate bond our peoples have come to foster through thick and thin. Your visit will become yet another milestone in defining our partnership. I send my sincerest gratitude to you and the first lady for such warm hospitality. Thank you. [Applause]

Donald Trump: Thank you, everybody.

Reporter: [Inaudible]

Reporter: Are your tweets hurting your presidency?