Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-veterans-march-17-2017

Donald Trump: A special group of people. Very special to me, very important. And I want to thank you all for being here and for your work on behalf of our nation's veterans, our great, great people, our veterans.

Donald Trump: We're all united by a very common mission. We will protect those who protect us. I've been saying that a lot over the last two years at rallies and speeches. We will protect those who protect us. And that's just starting because I think the veterans have not been treated fairly. And David and a group of brilliant, brilliant doctors and businessmen are forming a board and you've got the most talented people that I've ever seen working with you. This is no more games going to be played at the V.A.

Donald Trump: And I want to thank David, your secretary -- your new secretary, who's gonna be so outstanding. I think he actually passed 100-0. When I heard that vote, I said, "Where did that come from?" [Laughter]

Donald Trump: Passed 100-0 for bringing your vision, experience and determination to the crucial task of reforming the V.A. and ensuring care for our returning heroes and warriors.

Donald Trump: And tonight, I'm having a major meeting with some of the people that we put on a board. Ike Perlmutter is an amazing man, a marvel -- is one of the great, great businessmen of our times. And others -- we're having a meeting tonight at what we call affectionately the Southern White House, it seems to be the most convenient location.

Donald Trump: Everybody always wants to go to the Southern White House. Are you going to be at that meeting? You heard about it, right? It's gonna be great, all about the V.A.

Donald Trump: The V.A.'s mission statement is engraved in the plaques outside its headquarters. It reads, "To care for him who shall have borne the battle and for his widow and his orphan." And that was stated by Abraham Lincoln. That was Lincoln's pledge, called Lincoln's pledge. But for too many veterans, this hasn't been their experience at all. We've been reading horrible experiences over the years. And already, David, I'm hearing it's getting much better. A lot of improvements are being made and it's going to change, and under my administration it will change, very important to me.

Donald Trump: During my campaign, I outlined a detailed plan for reforming veterans care throughout the country and we're working to put that plan into effect and it's moving I think I can say honestly ahead of schedule. As commander-in-chief, I will not accept substandard service for our great veterans. Every member of our government is expected to do their utmost to ensure our veterans have the care that they're so entitled to, maybe more entitled to than anybody. And that hasn't been the way they were treated. But it is the way they're going to be treated.

Donald Trump: So again, I want to thank you all for being here. It's a great honor. And maybe I'll ask David just to say a few words.

David Shulkin: Sure. And thank you, Mr. President, Mr. Vice President. I wanted to let you know the people in this room are some of the most dedicated, passionate people advocating for our veterans and they are our partners in this quest to transform V.A. and we really are so grateful that they're here with us standing as partners. I also wanted to thank you, Mr. President, for the budget.

David Shulkin: I think that you've honored your commitment to showing that this country cares about the veterans and you've given us the ability to make sure that we are able to care for them.

David Shulkin: I also wanted to tell you that yesterday, the House passed an accountability bill and we're very, very grateful for Chairman Roe's leadership and for the House's leadership in doing that. We're looking forward to the Senate bringing a bill forward. And so, I think as you said, we're committed to the plan that you outlined during your campaign to making the V.A. the type of organization that Americans want it to be and we're well on our way to do that. So thank you very much.

Donald Trump: Well, that's great.

Donald Trump: And unrelated, we just had a meeting with probably 12 Congressmen and it was an amazing meeting because they were all noes, would you say Mike, they were all noes or pretty much no. And after 15 minutes -- now, in all fairness, it's not 15 minutes really, it was really, actually about four or five days, but after 15 minutes, they went from no to all yeses. So the health care looks like it's gonna be in great shape. It's a great plan. The press doesn't give it a fair read. But I've heard that before, what are you going to do? The fake -- fake news.

Donald Trump: But it's a great plan or I wouldn't be involved with it. I wouldn't be involved. So we have 12 noes and we have rejiggered it and we've done some great things. But the noes in every single case went to a yes. So that was a great honor. And health care looks like it's really happening. It's going to be great. Obamacare is dead. Some of you folks have yourselves, you have family members that have suffered greatly under Obamacare. It's dying, it's just about on its last legs.

Donald Trump: If we did nothing, if we did absolutely nothing, Obamacare is dead. It will fail. In Tennessee, where I just left, half of the state has no insurance carrier, no carrier, it's gone and they're going to leave the other half of the state very soon. You have that in many cases. Many states are down to one and they'll end up with nothing. So Obamacare is dead. We're going to come up with a replacement that's going to be fantastic and we have no support from the Democrats. That's why it's a little -- we have to go interesting little routes. Instead of just approving it, it has to be approved in pieces and that's working out really well.

Donald Trump: But we just got 12 very, very great people that went from no or maybe but maybe leaning to no, right, Mike? And they all have given me a commitment they're voting for our health plan -- health care plan. So that was great.

Donald Trump: I want to thank you all for being here and let's talk. And the press will leave. Thank you very much.