Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-benjamin-netanyahu-israel-september-18-2017

Donald Trump: Well, thank you very much. It's great to have Prime Minister Netanyahu with us today, a friend of mine for many years. And it's a real honor, I have to say.

Donald Trump: We're going to be discussing many things; among them, peace between the Palestinians and Israel -- it will be a fantastic achievement. We are giving it an absolute go. I think there's a good chance that it could happen. Most people would say there's no chance whatsoever.

Donald Trump: I actually think with the capability of Bibi and, frankly, the other side, I really think we have a chance. I think Israel would like to see it, and I think the Palestinians would like to see it. And I can tell you that the Trump administration would like to see it.

Donald Trump: So we're working very hard on it. We'll see what happens. Historically, people say it can't happen. I say it can happen. But I just want to say, Mr. Prime Minister, it's an honor to have you. Thank you.

Benjamin Netanyahu: Great to see you. Thank you.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.

Benjamin Netanyahu: Mr. President, it's great to see you again. I want to say that under your leadership, the alliance between America and Israel has never been stronger, never been deeper. I can say this in ways that people see and in ways that they don't see. So I want to thank you for that.

Benjamin Netanyahu: Equally, I look forward to discussing with you how we can address together what you rightly call is the terrible nuclear deal with Iran and how to roll back Iran's growing aggression in the region, especially in Syria.

Benjamin Netanyahu: As you said, we will discuss the way we can seize the opportunity for peace between Israel and the Palestinians and between Israel and the Arab World. I think these things go together, and we look forward to talking about how we can advance both.

Benjamin Netanyahu: Finally, we're going to be speaking tomorrow at the U.N., and I want to say that under President Trump, America's position towards Israel at the U.N. has been unequivocal, it's been strong, it's got both clarity and conviction. And I want to thank you on behalf of the people of Israel and Israel's many friends around the world. Thank you, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.

Benjamin Netanyahu: And also, as you well know, this is the Jewish New Year, this week. So I want to wish you, the Jewish community of America, Jews everywhere, people everywhere, Shanah Tovah -- happy, healthy new year. Thank you, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. Appreciate it.

Question: Mr. President, do you plan to stay in the Iranian nuclear deal?

Donald Trump: You'll see very soon. You'll be seeing very soon.

Question: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: We're talking about it constantly. Constantly. We're talking about plans constantly.

Question: Two-state solution?

Donald Trump: We'll see.