Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-chicago-cubs-june-28-2017

Donald Trump: This is a great team, and they were actually here but they wanted to be here with Trump, right? The Ricketts family. But I just want to thank and I want to congratulate that team. Who's the best hitter? Tell me. [Laughter, Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: I think you have a lot of them. I think you have a lot of them. We wanted him in the administration, and after about 9,000 pages of filings, he said the heck with it.

Pete Ricketts: I guess they didn't want me in government.

Donald Trump: And he's a great Governor of Nebraska.

Pete Ricketts: Do you remember my son Roscoe. You met him...

Donald Trump: Hi. So congratulations, fantastic. So do you have a game today? So you said, let's come over... Let's go over to the Oval Office. Where's Dan? Where's Dan Gilbert? He's right outside, grab him. Where's Dan? Dan Gilbert just came in. He's from basketball. He's looking for a good basketball player. Anybody play basketball? Let's go over to... Where's Dan Gilbert?

Dan Gilbert: Right here buddy.

Donald Trump: Come here Dan. Come here. [Laughter] Come here Dan. You want a... come over here. You want a good baseball player to play basketball?

Dan Gilbert: Yeah, we're looking for a couple.

Donald Trump: So Dan owns the Cavaliers. And I would say, I guess you can't say great season, right? Good season. Last year was a great season, right? Anyway... Senator? You know who that is right? One of the greats. Are you a fan? [Laughter] We have a lot of fans. Dan, do you want come over here with this team? Come on Senator, get over here with the team. Come on over. Come on. He's a little shy. Are you a fan? He's a big Cubs fan. So ask him, how's he doing with LeBron? [Laughter]

Donald Trump: Great friend of mine, supporter and a great guy. Congratulations to everybody. That's fantastic. That's a great achievement. And you're team's doing okay, but you're going to do great starting now. Does anybody want to see the Oval Office? We'll leave them behind [Laughter]. And just to do a little official business: healthcare is working along very well. We're gonna have a big surprise with a great healthcare package. So, now they're happy.

Reporter: What do you mean by big surprise sir?

Donald Trump: I think you're going to have a great, great surprise. Gonna be great.