Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-malcolm-turnbull-australia-may-4-2017

Malcolm Turnbull: Congratulations on your vote today.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. It was great. Big day.

Malcolm Turnbull: Big day. Every vote counts.

Donald Trump: You got it. We had a couple left over and we wanted them, we didn't need them. It was a very big day. Really I appreciate your waiting.

Malcolm Turnbull: Well, I know the feeling. We have challenges with our parliament too. We have only 29 seats in a Senate of 76 so you need a lot of work to get legislation through.

Donald Trump: That means you're doing a good job.

Malcolm Turnbull: When you get it passed, you are. Yeah that's right.

Donald Trump: It's great to be with you.

Question: How are you getting along?

Donald Trump: We get along great. We get along great. Always have.

Question: How important is the relationship with Australia Mr President?

Donald Trump: I love Australia. We have a fantastic relationship. But I love Australia, always have. Greg Norman is here today, a friend of ours. We have a lot of friends here tonight.

Malcolm Turnbull: A lot of friends in common.

Donald Trump: A lot of friends in common.

Question: Do you think you can you put the refugee deal behind you and move on?

Donald Trump: Oh yeah sure. That's all worked out. That has been worked out for a long time.

Question: Telephone calls going will be good in future?

Donald Trump: We had a good telephone call.

Malcolm Turnbull: We had a great call.

Donald Trump: You guys exaggerated that call. That was a big exaggeration. We had a great call. I mean, we're not babies. But we had a great call. Right?

Malcolm Turnbull: Young at heart -- young at heart.

Donald Trump: We had a very, very good call. It was a little bit of fake news -- that's the expression.

Malcolm Turnbull: Exactly right.

Question: When can we expect you in Australia Mr Trump?

Donald Trump: That will happen. One of the great, great places. One of the most beautiful places on earth. I have so many friends there. I will be there. We will be there -- absolutely we will be there.

Malcolm Turnbull: We are looking forward to it.

Question: You're here celebrating the Battle of the Coral Sea, how important is the event tonight?

Donald Trump: Great, I will be speaking about the Battle of the Coral Sea tonight. That was some battle. That was a very important battle for both of us.

Malcolm Turnbull: It was.

Donald Trump: We did it together.

Malcolm Turnbull: We did. It saved Australia and it was the turning point in the war. I was just up on the flight deck with some of the veterans, American and Australian veterans. They were teenagers when they turned the war, the tide of war.

Donald Trump: Turned it around.

Malcolm Turnbull: And Australia and America started to win.

Donald Trump: So we have been allies for 99 years. Can you imagine that? 99 years and never a bad time. It is a great, great thing.

Question: Mr President, can I ask you about your tweet on foreign policy and international issues. It's unconventional for a President, is it an asset or a liability for your foreign policy?

Donald Trump: Social media is the way to go. I have got over 100 million people watching and social media to me is the way to go. This way, if somebody's not treating you properly or if you do have indeed fake media -- not all of it is fake, some of it is fantastic actually -- but you can just sort of circumvent. But you know, I find, I don't know if you find that but I find social media is the way to go between the different forums. There are many different forums but it is a fast way of getting the word out. I really think it helped today in win -- you know -- on health care. I think it is a great way to communicate and it is a modern way to communicate. Thank you very much. Thank you.