Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-american-legion-children-july-26-2017

Donald Trump: Hello, everybody.

Audience: Hello, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: We actually just met, for the audience. We just met. [Laughter] We took pictures, right?

Audience: Yeah.

Donald Trump: That's right. Well, thank you very much. ItÍs my great honor to officially welcome Boys and Girls Nation to the White House. Really special place, isnÍt it though? IsnÍt it great? [Applause] Great.

Donald Trump: And I want to congratulate you -- what a job youÍve all done -- basically on all youÍve achieved at a very young age. ItÍs incredible. For decades, the American Legion has brought the best and brightest to the White House. This has taken place for many years.

Donald Trump: Each of you were chosen out of the many thousands of people, that -- you know, theyÍre all calling in, they want to get into the White House. Is anybody upset that youÍre here?

Audience: No.

Donald Trump: Okay, but youÍre all really happy that youÍre here, right? [Applause] But you represent your state, and thatÍs a very, very important element too. And a very important factor in getting here. You all share incredible talent and drive.

Donald Trump: Most importantly, you have each other to really work with and to help. And you help each other, youÍre teammates, you love our country -- thatÍs something we all have in common, right? We love our country, right? [Applause]

Donald Trump: While you come from all corners of our great landscape, you are all united by your devotion -- total devotion -- to our great American flag, our freedom, and the principles that bind us together as one people and one nation.

Donald Trump: For more than a century, the American Legion has taught young citizens about the importance of patriotism and loyalty to our country. And through it all, thereÍs nothing like what youÍre doing today and what youÍve achieved over a very, very short period of time. We want to thank you, and we want to thank the national chapters and everybody else.

Donald Trump: We have to really give a special thanks to Commander Charles Schmidt. WhereÍs Charles? Where is Charles? [Applause] Come here. Come here, Charles. Come on up here, Charles. What a great job. Come on. See, he wants to give you all the credit. [Laughter] Who served in the Air Force for 28 years and now advances the LegionÍs proud legacy. Thank you, Charles. [Applause]

Donald Trump: Today, we are joined by President of the American Legion and Auxiliary Mary Davis. Where is Mary? Where is Mary? Hello, Mary. Want to come up here? Come on, Mary. [Applause] And Executive Director -- who I know -- Verna Jones.

Donald Trump: Come on, Verna. Come on up. Come on up. [Applause] Come on up, Mary. Be careful. I want to thank you for your commitment to these incredible students and to our country. Thank you. [Applause] I also want to honor former National Commander Bob Turner, who everyone really knows. [Applause]

Audience: Bob! Bob! Bob!

Donald Trump: Wow. ThatÍs pretty good, Bob. ThatÍs as good as IÍve ever heard. [Laughter] ThatÍs fantastic. Come on over here, Bob. Be careful. We donÍt want to see Bob go down. Do you agree with that? [Laughter] Because he will never forget that. Come on, Bob. This year, Bob is celebrating his 35th year helping to lead Boys Nation -- all as a volunteer. Thank you very much, Bob. ThatÍs so great. [Applause]

Donald Trump: And, Bob, I know everyone here today agrees when I say thousands of young Americans are better patriots because of your incredible and steadfast service. Right, fellas? Right? [Applause]

Donald Trump: Through this program, countless young people like you have been inspired to protect American interests and to promote American values. Right? Many of those who have been in your place have gone on to become governors, members of Congress, generals, and one even became a President. You know who that one was?

Audience: Bill Clinton.

Donald Trump: ThatÍs true. See? [Laughter] The American Legion has held this meeting for seven decades. Just think of the history that has occurred during that time. When the first group of students met in 1946 -- oh, thatÍs an important day, you know why? ThatÍs when I was born. [Laughter] I hate to admit it. [Applause] I hate to admit it. Oh, 1946. Oh wow. I shouldnÍt have said that, Bob. [Laughter]

Donald Trump: Our nation had just welcomed home our brave heroes whose spirit and courage achieved victory over tyranny in World War II. Just over twenty years later, young men and women like you watched a man land on the moon and dreamed of new frontiers in space.

Donald Trump: In 1987, Americans all across this nation joined their hearts with President Ronald Reagan in the hope, the prayer, and the conviction that the Berlin Wall would crumble in the face of truths, justice, and freedom. You know all about that.

Audience: Yes, sir.

Donald Trump: In each of these moments, and so many others, America triumphed. We win. We know how to win, right?

Audience: Yes! [Applause]

Donald Trump: And we win because of the spirit of our people. Believe me, that's a big part of it. Just think of the amazing moments in history you will witness during your lifetime. Well, you saw one on November 8th, right? [Applause] That was a pretty amazing moment we have -- and we're doing a good job. Our country is doing so well now. We're doing a good job. You all happy?

Audience: Yes! [Applause]

Donald Trump: Because you have what it takes to be the leaders that will shape this future. Some of you may want to come back to the capital -- someday, you're going to be back, many of you -- and help make the laws that will guide this nation and govern our land.

Donald Trump: Others may choose to answer the call of duty, put on the uniform, and risk everything for our nation and for our nationÍs people. Still others may become business leaders, teachers, artists, and inventors. We have them all, and we have them all here today.

Donald Trump: And some of you don't even really know what it might be, but we have people that are going to be so successful, so incredible in their lives. And you're going to be happy. Do what you love. Do what you love. Follow what you love.

Donald Trump: So I want to just tell -- as you pour your whole heart into everything you do, really you're doing it for your family, you're doing it for your country, but you're also doing it for yourselves. Because ultimately you have to do it for yourself. ItÍs better for your country, and your country wants you to succeed so much.

Donald Trump: But thereÍs no country like the United States of America, and thereÍs no country that can give you the kind of opportunity that we give you in the United States. [Applause] Being successful is about finding your purpose in life and never ever giving up. Do you ever give up? No. Does anybody here give up?

Audience: No, sir!

Donald Trump: What about here?

Audience: No, sir!

Donald Trump: You're right. [Laughter] And I think they mean it. I think they mean it.

Unidentified: Yes, sir, they mean it.

Donald Trump: You were chosen for this program because you believe in AmericaÍs future and because you have the ambition and the heart to ensure that America will always be victorious and will always prevail.

Donald Trump: Through Boys and Girls Nation, you are learning the values that are necessary for a nation to endure and for a nation to thrive -- pride in our history, loyalty to our citizens, and allegiance to our great American flag.

Donald Trump: In the decades to come you will help our nation reach new heights -- weÍll be so proud of you -- discover new frontiers, and strengthen the bonds of loyalty between our country and its people.

Donald Trump: It is my honor to meet with you all today, and it was my greater honor to come out here early before the press got here to take all of those pictures that we took, and I hope they send you the right pictures. [Applause, Laughter] And they will.

Donald Trump: As I look out at the audience, I see the next generation of American leaders. I see the promise of our future. I see the strength and love of the American spirit. And because of young people like you, I am more confident than ever in the future of the United States.

Donald Trump: Together, we will make America greater than ever before. I mean that. We're going to make America greater than ever before, and we're on our way. You see whatÍs going on. We're building up military. We're getting great job numbers -- best in 17 years. Best job numbers in 17 years. The enthusiasm for manufacturers and business is at just about the highest point since they started taking those tests.

Donald Trump: So I just want to tell you: Go out there. Go get them. I have no doubt you're going to -- every one of you -- be successful. Never quit. Never give up. Always do what you love. Take great care of your family and your parents because we love your parents. You probably wouldnÍt be here without your parents, right? [Applause, Laughter]

Donald Trump: So thank you again to the American Legion, and congratulations to you all. God bless you, and God bless America. And thank you for being at the White House. [Applause, A Song is Performed]