Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-brief-remarks-egypt-may-21-2017

Donald Trump: It is really great to have my friend, President El-Sisi with us. We've really been through a lot together, very positive, lately, and helped us so much with Aya and the release of Aya, and the American public so appreciated that. And I want to thank you, and I want to thank you General. Very, very much appreciated. We have some very important talks going on with Egypt, and you have done a tremendous job under very trying circumstances, and safety seems to be very strong.

Donald Trump: So we appreciate that and congratulations on really doing a terrific job. Thank you.

Abdel Fattah el-Sisi: [Via Translator] Thank you excellency. Thank you very much for making the time to meet. As a matter of fact, this meeting really speaks of the strategic nature of the relationship between Egypt and the United States. It will be a great pleasure to us in Egypt if we have the privilege of you visiting us. I'd like to assure you was the person that Egypt is a capable country. Egypt is secure and stable and it's giving... it's doing very well with the cooperation of the United States. We are looking forward to further our cooperation for the stability of this important part of the world.Mr. President, let me express our appreciation and with respect, let me say that you have a unique personality that is capable of doing the impossible.

Donald Trump: I agree [Laughter]. Again, I want to thank you, and I will get to Egypt. We will absolutely be putting that on the list very soon, and this was really very much unscheduled. We wanted to say hello to each other, and you're able to come here last minute, and I appreciate that. That's very nice. And again we have a fantastic relationship with Egypt. Once again, we were not having such a good relationship with previous administrations, but we have a very, very strong one and we appreciate what you're doing.

Question: Mr. President...

Unidentified: Thank You.