Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-las-vegas-mpd-october-4-2017

Donald Trump: [Inaudible]

Joseph Lombardo: Oh, absolutely.

Donald Trump: I think that the interaction saved hundreds and hundreds of lives. Well, I want to congratulate you on a job well done.

Donald Trump: The professionalism... I just left the hospital, and I have to tell you, the doctors, the nurses, everybody over there was incredible. And...

Joseph Lombardo: Thank you for doing that.

Donald Trump: Well, they were really...  I met a lot of the patients, and you saved them, and the doctors, nurses all of the people at the hospital saved them. Cab drivers were great.

Donald Trump: Cab drivers were asking people, telling people "get out of the car"" and they were grabbing... one instance where a young woman said the cab driver just threw people out of the car and said

Unidentified: Yes.

Unidentified: Absolutely.

Donald Trump: Tremendous number of stories. But what the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police did is -- but I've always known you were good, right?

Donald Trump: You know that.  I've always known you guys were good, but you really proved it. And he's a sick, demented man.  Have they been able to find out anything else?  It's a little bit soon?

Unidentified: Still a little bit soon.  We have a couple of good leads and we're working our way through that.  We're going to get the answers.

Donald Trump: Yeah, no, there might be something there.  But the wires are screwed up, but there might be something there.

Donald Trump: Well, again, I'm going to say a few words to your group, but I just wanted to come in and say hello and congratulate you.  I was a fan before this -- you know that.  Everyone in this room knows that.  A big fan before this.

Donald Trump: And I guess, if you could be more of a fan, I guess I'm even more of a fan now.  But you showed the world, and the world is watching.

Donald Trump: And you showed what professionalism is all about, because that was about as fast -- something like that could take place for hours and hours and hours, and you can't figure it out.  And you should be very proud, Sheriff.

Joseph Lombardo: Just a matter of identification -- Officer Hancock there at the end, to your right there, he was the first SWAT officer to engage the individual.

Joseph Lombardo: And Officer Bitsko there, the K-9 officer that assisted with that initial [Inaudible].  And Officer Morris and Officer Burt there were the two officers I described that were partnered with the security guard.

Donald Trump: He did a good job, didn't he?  He did a good job.  Now, his option would have been try to do it himself.  But if it doesn't work, you wouldn't have had the information, maybe, right?  He did the right thing.

Unidentified: He did.  We relied on him for the information.

Donald Trump: That's great.  That's really great.

Joseph Lombardo: So everyone else, seated behind the press there, were integral in saving numerous lives.  The gentleman right to your left, that firefighter right there was off-duty watching the concert, and remained to save several lives.

Joseph Lombardo: So I think it's important for you to know that every single person in here was instrumental in lifesaving measures.  And these two young ladies here were our dispatchers, so they're probably the most important people in the room --

Donald Trump: Calm and strong and sharp.

Unidentified: If you ever have the opportunity to listen to the radio traffic, these two young ladies were amazing.  The third young lady decided to go to Cabo.

Unidentified: She needed a break -- [Laughter] -- and a margarita.