Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-hk-equipment-tour-coraoplis-pa-january-18-2018

Donald Trump: How are you? Doing okay? How are they doing in Washington?

Question: Doing okay. But what did you tell Mr. Kelly last night?

Donald Trump: Well, the wall has been something that I have been very consistent on always. And as you know -- in fact, in an interview with you, I said the wall -- you don't need a wall where you have a mountain. You don't need a wall when you have a [Inaudible]. So everybody knows that. I've been saying that for three years, and everybody know it.

Donald Trump: But a wall is not necessarily a wall where you have a mountain. So everybody understands it. In fact, we sent out some information where I said it three years ago -- two years ago.

Question: Do you wish Mr. Kelly would have explained it a little more clearly?

Donald Trump: No, he's great. I think he's doing a great job. I think General Kelly has done a really great job. He is a very special guy.

Question: Did you mind him calling you uniformed about immigration when he talked --

Donald Trump: About what?

Question: Did you mind that he told members of Congress you were not fully informed about immigration?

Donald Trump: No, he didn't say that. Well, I don't think -- he didn't say it the way you would like him to say it. No, he didn't say that. He's doing a terrific job. We have a big immigration problem. You see what's happening; you see what's going on. And we have a big problem. We'll see if we can get it straightened out.

Donald Trump: I will say this: the Democrats, because of the tremendous success we're having with the tax cuts and the tax reform I mean, these gentlemen, they own this facility, and you look at what's happening -- they said, "You know

Donald Trump: And when you look at that and you see what's happening -- and this is real America. The Democrats want to see a shutdown to get off this subject, because this subject is not working for them. The tax cuts and tax reform has not been working well for the Democrats.

Donald Trump: Now, yesterday you saw with Apple -- $350 billion investment. Now they're also giving thousands of dollars to their employees. That's happening all over the country, and I'm really happy. People are really doing well. They're doing better than they have in years.

Donald Trump: And to be honest, the tax cuts -- not only have they worked, they're working much bigger and much faster than we ever thought possible. We'll talk to you later.

Question: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: Rick Saccone said he was Trump before Trump. Rick is a great guy. I think he's going to do really well. He's a great guy. He loves this area, loves this country. He just met me at the plane. He's here someplace.

Donald Trump: But actually, this is about tax cuts today. You know, this is about our economic reform. But Rick is a great guy and special. He's a special person.

Question: You won this district by 20 points.

Donald Trump: Right.

Question: Can he do as well as you?

Donald Trump: I hope so. I want him -- I just said to him, I hope you're going to do as well. But we're here -- we're going to be helping him. I'll be back for Rick, and we're going to fill up a stadium and we're going to do something really special for Rick. I look forward to it.

Question: Are you still planning to go to Florida tomorrow, given the possible shutdown?

Donald Trump: We'll see what happens. No, if there's a shutdown -- again, I really believe the Democrats want a shutdown to get off the subject of the tax cuts because they've worked so well.

Donald Trump: Nobody thought, including the Democrats, they could work this well. They've been so good that I think the Democrats would like to see a shutdown in order to get off that subject. That is not a good subject for them, the tax cuts, because of the way they've worked.

Question: Mr. President, a lot of steelworkers hoping for help from your administration --

Donald Trump: We're going to be helping them. We're going to be helping the steel workers, just like we've helped a lot of the groups, including here. But I love -- I love the work you did. You know I love this business, right?

Peter Cicero: Absolutely.

Donald Trump: And I understand this business, but you're probably a little bit surprised. When I see that going into that -- and that's a 1980 version -- that's an amazing thing. And it's brand new, and it's got a brand new life. I mean -- so that will be as good as if it were brand new.

Peter Cicero: It leaves here with a brand new factory warranty -- [Inaudible] factory warranty.

Donald Trump: That's so fantastic. That's a 1980, and it looks like it just came out of a factory brand new. Thank you all very much. No, Rick Saccone -- good man. Great guy.