Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-automobile-ceos-may-11-2018

Donald Trump: Okay, thank you very much. We have, at this table, the biggest car manufacturers in the world all represented by their top people. And, Mary, it's nice to see you again.

Mary Barra: Good to see you as well.

Donald Trump: We had a -- probably my first meeting was with you and a group. And we've made a lot of progress in the last period of a year and a half.

Donald Trump: We're working on CAFE standards, environmental controls. We're working on how to build more cars in the United States. We have a great capacity for building. We're importing a lot of cars, and we want a lot of those cars to be made in the United States.

Donald Trump: I think what we'll do just very quickly, because we're represented by so much media, we'll just run around the room real quickly, and you can introduce yourself and the company. We'll talk for a couple of minutes, then we're going to talk privately.

Donald Trump: But we are going to, again, for the media, we're really talking about environmental control, CAFE standards, and manufacturing of millions of more cars within the United States -- for Michigan, for Ohio, for Pennsylvania, for all of the different places, South Carolina -- getting bigger and bigger -- North Carolina. So Larry Kudlow everybody knows. Go ahead, Elaine.

Elaine Chao: Elaine Chao, Secretary of Transportation.

Scott Becker: I'm Scott Becker with Nissan North America.

Donald Trump: Great. Great company.

Hinrich Woebcken: I'm Hinrich Woebcken from Volkswagen Group of America.

Donald Trump: Very good. Thank you.

Bob Carter: Bob Carter, Toyota North America.

Donald Trump: Good. Go ahead.

Sergio Marchionne: Sergio Marchionne from Fiat Chrysler.

Donald Trump: By the way, thank you. You're moving to Michigan from Mexico.

Sergio Marchionne: Yep.

Donald Trump: That's what we like. In fact, right now, he's my favorite man in the room. [Laughter] No, big announcement. And I'll tell you, the people in Michigan very much appreciate it. It's a big deal. Leaving Mexico; going to Michigan. That was very well received. I appreciate it. Thank you.

Bernhard Kuhnt: Bernhard Kuhnt, from BMW.

Donald Trump: Good.

Mary Barra: Mary Barra, from General Motors.

Donald Trump: Yes.

Dietmar Exler: Dietmar Exler, Mercedes-Benz.

Donald Trump: Good. Thank you.

Robert Lighthizer: I'm Bob Lighthizer, the USTR.

Rick Schostek: Rick Schostek, Honda North America.

Mitch Bainwol: Mitch Bainwol, with the Alliance of Automobile Manufacturers, representing seven of the manufacturers.

Donald Trump: Good.

John Bozzella: John Bozzella, with Global Automakers.

Donald Trump: Good.

Brian Smith: Mr. President, Brian Smith of Hyundai Motor America. It's an honor to be here.

Donald Trump: Yes.

Scott Pruitt: Scott Pruitt, Administrator of the EPA.

Jim Hackett: Mr. President, thanks for having us. Jim Hackett, Ford Motor Company.

Donald Trump: That's right, Jim. We know you well. So these are the biggest in the world and we're going to be talking to them. And we want them to build more cars in the United States. And also, build them here and ship them overseas. We're doing a reverse act, and that's going to be something, I think, that's happening, and we see it happening.

Donald Trump: A lot of it has to do with the great tax cuts and tax incentives that people have been given. And we have other incentives coming. So we appreciate you all being here. And thank you very much, everybody. Appreciate it.

Question: Mr. President, do you still have confidence in Administrator Pruitt, Mr. President?

Donald Trump: Yes, I do. Thank you. Thank you very much everybody. Thank you.

Question: Are you concerned NAFTA may hurt the automakers, sir?

Donald Trump: Say it.

Question: Are you concerned that NAFTA may adversely affect these automakers?

Donald Trump: Well, we'll see what happens. We're negotiating NAFTA right now. I've never been a NAFTA fan, as you know. NAFTA has been a terrible deal for the United States and one of the worst trade deals in history. We have some bad deals in this country -- between the Iran deal, NAFTA -- Mary, we can look at any deal. Bad deals. But now we're going to good deals.

Donald Trump: NAFTA has been a terrible deal. We're renegotiating it now. We'll see what happens. Mexico and Canada have -- look, they don't like to lose the golden goose, but I'm representing the United States. I'm not representing Mexico, and I'm not representing Canada. But NAFTA has been a horrible, horrible disaster for this country. And we'll see if we can make it reasonable. Thank you very much, everybody.