Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-mirziyoyev-uzbekistan-may-16-2018

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. It's a great honor to have the President of Uzbekistan with us. He's a highly respected man in his country and throughout. We've been working very closely together on different things, including trade. They've actually made investments here. We make investments there.

Donald Trump: We're working together from the standpoint of the military, including his purchase of equipment and military equipment from the United States. Mr. President, it's a great honor to have you. Thank you.

Shavkat Mirziyoyev: [Via Interpreter] Mr. President, thank you very much, indeed. Today, we are having a very historical meeting. And we know that the United States of America, since the early days of the independence of the Republic of Uzbekistan, has always supported the independence, sovereignty, as well as the territorial integrity of Uzbekistan. Indeed, we do highly appreciate this fact.

Shavkat Mirziyoyev: Our relations, since the elections of the Presidents of the United States of America, as well as Uzbekistan, have taken -- have risen to a new level.

Shavkat Mirziyoyev: Mr. President, I do congratulate that, since the latest election of the President of the U.S. here, in your hands, you have been achieving the very outstanding results in the economic sphere, as well as I do congratulate on the adoption of the historical tax reforms in terms of the creation of new jobs here in America. This is the result, as well as outcomes, of your personal work, indeed, Mr. President, for the welfare and the prosperity of the American people.

Donald Trump: I agree 100 percent. [Laughter]

Shavkat Mirziyoyev: [Via Interpreter] Indeed, Mr. President, since our latest meetings with you, which take place in Riyadh, as well as in New York City, while at the same time the telephone conversation that we had last year -- this is today the work of the historical meeting, as well as the historical message that you have sent to the business world that we have held with the Americans in the New York City have yielded very tangible results and has served the meeting with our team today, having with you, Mr. President.

Shavkat Mirziyoyev: [Via Interpreter] And to that, we underscore once again we have the joint statement between the United States of America and Uzbekistan [Inaudible] as the new era for a strategic partnership between Uzbekistan and the United States of America. The naming itself of these joint statements speaks for itself.

Shavkat Mirziyoyev: [Via Interpreter] And, Mr. President, indeed for the past one and a half years, we have been closely engaging with the United States of America in terms of investments. And lately, we have been procuring from the U.S. a lot of technology as well as the equipment.

Shavkat Mirziyoyev: [Via Interpreter] As I have already underscored, this today has been a historical meeting. Mr. President, I look forward to this historical visit to the U.S. We have been able to sign the contracts and agreements with the leading U.S. companies worth $5 billion. As I have told you already that the strategic partnership, this new era of the strategic partnership with Uzbekistan and the U.S.

Shavkat Mirziyoyev: [Via Interpreter] And in this very regard, I would like to say that we've got very serious intentions for the years to come, from the perspectives. Mr. President, I'm taking this fine opportunity to thank you, indeed, for the warm welcome here in the U.S.

Donald Trump: Thank you. It's a great honor.

Shavkat Mirziyoyev: [Via Interpreter] Thank you very much.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much, everybody. Thank you.

Question: Are you concerned that Kim will call off the summit?

Question: Is the North Korea summit still on?

Donald Trump: We'll have to see.

Question: We'll have to see?

Donald Trump: We'll have to see.

Question: Can the Korean summit be salvaged?

Question: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: No decision. We haven't been notified at all. We'll have to see.

Question: Will you call off the military drills?

Donald Trump: We haven't seen anything. We haven't heard anything. We will see what happens. Whatever it is, it is.

Question: [In Uzbek, not translated]

Shavkat Mirziyoyev: [Via Interpreter] This is indeed -- today's meeting is real impression for Uzbeks all around the world as well.

Question: Is Kim bluffing [Inaudible]?

Donald Trump: We'll see what happens. We'll see. Time will tell.

Question: Are you still going to insist on denuclearization? Will you still insist on denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula?

Donald Trump: Yeah. Thank you very much everybody.