Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-red-cross-macon-volunteers-october-15-2018

Donald Trump: So when I was a civilian, I have to tell you, we raised more money at Mar-a-Lago, when I was a civilian, than any other place on the planet for the Red Cross, and I want to thank your incredible people, you've done an unbelievable job working with the first responders, but you really, in my opinion, you are first responders in my opinion.

Donald Trump: But I just want to tell you, fantastic job. Respected by everybody. They all look forward to seeing the Red Cross, the job you do So, I want to thank you very much. How is it going over here? Tell me, how's it going in Georgia?

Audience: Great.

Donald Trump: It's all pretty smooth, isn't it?

Unidentified: Mr. President, we have 30 to 40 teams that are out daily. They're providing comfort, they're providing snacks, they're providing water, they have kitchens at the shelters that are open, but our volunteers here really are the ones that are providing that home, that blanket of hope, and we can't do without them.

Donald Trump: Fantastic job. Right next to the White House, you know, the Red Cross building. And I pass that building, and I say, that's a beautiful building. I want to thank you all. You really do a fantastic job. On behalf of the the first lady of myself and the first lady is a big, big fan of the Red Cross, so thank you.

Unidentified: Mr. President, I just want to let you know that you know, we've been working very closely with your administration. Administrator Brock Long has just been fabulous. Your [Inaudible] on the ground communication, we've had with them every day, and the Secretary and then keeping us abreast of what the federal response is, and we've been exchanging information. So sharing compassion, care, and concern with your people out, we're doing it. We're so proud to be working with them.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. That's beautiful.

Unidentified: Thank you.

Donald Trump: Thank you. Thank you everybody. Really great job. Just -- now go back to work. [Laughter, Applause]