Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-andrew-brunson-release-turkey-october-13-2018

Donald Trump: Well, thank you very much, everybody. This has been a long journey. But for Andrew, it's been a very interesting day. Because as you probably heard, I said a little bit earlier, from a Turkish prison to the White House in 24 hours. That's not bad. [Applause] Actually --

Donald Trump: And I want to start by saying that Norine was unbelievable. She was calling and calling. She definitely loves you -- let me put it that way. [Laughter] But she was calling and she wanted you out.

Andrew Brunson: Yes.

Donald Trump: And she was not playing games. Right? And we're very proud of you, Norine. Thank you very much. And you are very, very special to all of us. And, you know, we have some of our great leaders right here. You know James. You know Cindy. You know Richard. You know Thom. You know Patrick. You know Mark. And all of these people, and right back here. A whole group of people. They fought so hard for you. They wanted you out.

Donald Trump: And again, we've been negotiating long and hard. We do not pay ransom in this country, at least any longer. We won't pay ransom. Otherwise you have big problems, and lots of things will happen. Lots of bad things will happen.

Donald Trump: But I still -- I want to thank President Erdogan. We've been dealing. And we actually -- until this, we had a very good relationship. I was actually very surprised that we didn't work this out a couple of months ago. But it started in a different administration, and they were not going to work out anything. And we took it over, we inherited it. And we have, I think at this moment, gotten 19 different people out of various countries that were being held.

Donald Trump: Chairman Kim was really great to us. I think that started the relationship that we have now in North Korea, with three hostages, as you know. Egypt -- we had Aya. Aya was, they said, a spy. She was sentenced to 25 years. They told President Obama, "We will not let her out under any circumstances." And they told me, "She'll be in the Oval Office in 24 hours." We all know that. You guys worked on that one too. And many others. Many others.

Donald Trump: So I just want to congratulate you, because you have galvanized this country. I mean, you just take a look this -- there's so much interest. And it's your faith, it's your strength, what you've gone through. I know what you've gone through. And I also know that, a period of time ago, we were able to get you from prison to the house.

Donald Trump: And again, I do have to say, it's not an easy situation for Turkey either. They had a lot of difficult situations going on, and I do want to thank President Erdogan for making this possible. You understand what I mean by that.

Andrew Brunson: Yes.

Donald Trump: It wasn't easy. And wasn't easy for him. Most importantly, I want to congratulate you and your family. I'd love to -- say a few words. You may want to thank all of these great leaders, because they were really calling me a lot. [Laughter] They called me too much. I said, "Okay, I know, we're working on it." Right? But they are terrific fans of yours. And right now, the whole world is a fan of yours. The whole world is your fan and your family's fan.

Donald Trump: So maybe you can say a few words. Introduce your family. And it's a great honor to have you back home.

Andrew Brunson: Thank you, sir.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.

Andrew Brunson: This is my daughter Jacqueline, my son Blaise. Jacqueline's husband, Kevin. And my oldest son, Jordan. And this is Neil, who's Norine's brother. Of course, Norine is my wife.

Donald Trump: That's for sure. [Laughter]

Andrew Brunson: And we especially want to thank the administration. You really fought for us, unusually so. From the time you took office, I know that you've been engaged, and Secretary of State Pompeo also was very engaged and fought for us. And Vice President Pence, we're very grateful. Mr. Bolton.

Andrew Brunson: There are a number of people in the Senate. And I can't mention everyone, but I know that Senator Tillis visited me in prison, and so did Senator Shaheen and Senator Graham. And Senator Lankford has been involved from the very beginning.

Andrew Brunson: So, we're so grateful to so many people in the Congress who stood with us and who prayed for us, and who fought for us. So we want to thank you all very much.

Donald Trump: And I do have to say we did leave out many people in the Senate, many people in the House. You know that, Patrick. Many people have been left out. And we just can't go through all of the names, but it was everybody that wanted this to happen. It was really everybody. The complete Senate. I think we can probably say, Richard, this was bipartisan. Do you agree?

Richard Burr: Yes, sir.

Donald Trump: This wasn't just Republican, right? But honestly, I think if there was ever a bipartisan event, this was it. And I do have to thank Vice President Pence. He's doing a terrific job. He felt very, very strongly about this. And Secretary of State Pompeo, I would say we spoke about this at least once a day.

Mike Pompeo: Yes, sir.

Donald Trump: We thought we had it done two months ago. Sometimes it doesn't always work out, but that's -- I can only tell you that's better than anybody else could have done. And we are so honored to have you.

Donald Trump: And anything final you'd like to say? And then you're going to go and relax and go home, and celebrate, and have a great life, right? I won't ask you whether or not you're going back to Turkey. [Laughter] I won't ask that question.

Andrew Brunson: We do love Turkey. We were there for 25 years, and we love the Turkish people.

Donald Trump: Great. That's very nice.

Norine Brunson: We pray for their [Inaudible].

Donald Trump: That's very nice.

Norine Brunson: That's sincere. It's very sincere.

Donald Trump: That's very nice. And I know you do love the Turkish people. They're great people. I know that. They're great people.

Andrew Brunson: We would like to pray for you. We pray for you often as a family. My wife and I pray for you.

Donald Trump: Thank you. Well, I need it probably more than anybody in this room. [Laughter] So I would -- that would be very nice. Thank you.

Andrew Brunson: Can we pray for you now?

Donald Trump: Yes. Thank you very much. [Pastor Brunson and Mrs. Brunson give a prayer]

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. Could I ask you one question? Who did you vote for? [Laughter]

Norine Brunson: You.

Donald Trump: I knew the answer. I knew the answer.

Andrew Brunson: I would like to say I sent in an absentee ballot from prison. [Laughter and applause]

Donald Trump: It's a little unfair. I knew the answer. I would never do that to myself. That could be too tough. Listen, congratulations.

Norine Brunson: Thank you so much.

Donald Trump: Thank you. Great parents. And fantastic children. They were so with you.

Andrew Brunson: Thank you.

Donald Trump: And it is an honor. Well done.

Andrew Brunson: Thank you very much.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. We appreciate. Thank you. And again, to President Erdogan, thank you very much. To the people of Turkey, thank you very much. I think this will be a big step in our relationship. We have had a very harsh relationship over the past number of months because of what was happening. And I'm not going to blame fault.

Donald Trump: I'm not going to say anything. I'm just saying this is a tremendous step toward having the kind of relationship with Turkey -- which can be a great relationship -- that I know we're going to have.

Donald Trump: So thank you very much. And, President, thank you very much. Does anybody have any questions? Would you like to have --

Question: Pastor Brunson, can you tell us a little bit about what your next plans are? What do you plan on doing now that you're back safely?

Andrew Brunson: We want to spend time with our children especially, and then take some time to pray and see what God wants for the next part of our lives.

Question: Would you be willing to discuss what your treatment was like while you were over there? What was your experience in general while you were detained?

Andrew Brunson: I think we'll do that in the future. We will probably be doing some interviews. Right now, we just want to especially -- this is a time to thank the administration and people in government who supported us. And that's especially what we want to emphasize, is our gratefulness, to say we love this country.

Andrew Brunson: Last night, we arrived in Germany on a plane that President Trump sent to take us from Turkey. And the Ambassador to Germany met us there at 1:30 in the morning. I couldn't believe it. And he had an American flag to give us that had flown over there and was in Berlin. And I took it and I very naturally just -- I kissed it. I love this country, and we pray for this country.

Donald Trump: Phil?

Question: Mr. President, I have a question for you, sir. What do you owe the timing of Pastor Brunson's release? And do you think the disappearance and possible murder of Jamal Khashoggi has anything to do with the timing of this?

Donald Trump: The timing is a strict coincidence; it really is. It's -- I've heard a couple of people say, wow, that's pretty tricky; could there be anything to it. No. Actually, Phil, no. It's a total coincidence. It's interesting. A lot of things happening in a certain part of the world. You know that. You know what else is going on. But there are probably things beyond that. But, no, it's a strict coincidence, Phil.

Question: And I know we're here to celebrate Pastor Brunson. But if I could just follow up on something you said on "60 Minutes."

Donald Trump: I have a feeling know what it's going to be.

Question: Well, you suggested, sir, that there could be serious repercussions --

Donald Trump: That's right.

Question: -- for Saudi Arabia, if the U.S. determines that they killed Jamal Khashoggi. What do have in mind? What sort of --

Donald Trump: Well, we'll be sitting together with all of the folks here, and a lot more. And we'll have to make a determination. I do think this: That I worked very hard to get the order for the military. It's $110 billion. I believe it's the largest order ever made. It's 450,000 jobs. It's the best equipment in the world. But if they don't buy it from us, they're going to buy it from Russia or they're going to buy it from China, or they're going to buy it from other countries.

Donald Trump: But Russia and China wanted it very badly. I got 100 percent -- almost 100 percent of their order. And I would -- from the standpoint of jobs, economic development, a lot of other reasons, I would like to do something where we could maybe look at other things -- I will tell the senators -- because that's a tremendous order for our companies. It's a tremendous order for -- really, from an economic development standpoint. You look at -- Texas has a big chunk of it. Almost all of our states are involved in that order.

Donald Trump: So I actually think we'd be punishing ourselves if we did that. There are other things we can do that are very, very powerful, very strong. And we'll do that. Now, as of this moment, nobody knows what happened. As of this moment. We're looking into it very seriously. Turkey is looking into it at a very high level -- at the highest level. And so is Saudi Arabia. I mean, they're going to get back, and they have been getting back. And I know Mike has been dealing with them. John has been dealing with them.

Donald Trump: But in terms of the order of $110 billion -- think of that -- $110 billion -- all they're going to do is give it to other countries. And I think that would be very foolish for our country. But there are other things we can do that will be very severe.

Question: What's an example of something you could do?

Donald Trump: Well, there are many things we can do. Would you like to speak up about that? James, do you have any suggestions? There are many, many things. I don't know if you want to -- you know, I don't want to put you on the spot, but if you guys would like to tell them some of the many things we can do. There's a big list.

James Lankford: Yeah, there's a big list. Obviously, we have a longstanding partnership with Saudi Arabia in a lot of areas. My first preference though is not talk about what we would do. Let's find out what did happen first.

Donald Trump: That's a very good idea.

James Lankford: And I think the key thing is, he's still -- his fiancée is still waiting to be able to find out what happens. And there's a lot of speculation. But until we know, I hate to take the next step on it, and just to be able to see.

Question: Mr. President, would you meet with the family in the Oval Office?

Donald Trump: Yes, I would. In fact, we've invited his fiancée. We've invited her. So -- she actually wrote a letter to myself and the First Lady. And -- beautiful letter. And we have invited her, and I believe they're working it out, where she'll be coming. I mean, I'd love to have her. Great news, where it wouldn't even be necessary.

Donald Trump: But at this point, it's looking like -- it's looking like he perhaps won't be or isn't around. And that's very sad. I think we would have known by now. That was our first hope; our first hope was that he was not killed. But maybe that's not looking -- it's not looking too good, right? From what we're hearing.

James Lankford: A lot still to learn, I think, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: But there's a lot to learn. There really is. Okay?

Question: Mr. President, what about the others imprisoned in Turkey? The other U.S. citizens -- three employees of U.S. consulates in Turkey. What efforts are being made to --

Donald Trump: We're working -- as you speak, we are working on that. And, by the way, other people that are in prisons in other countries, other than Turkey -- we have other people that have been there for many years. We've done very well. We actually have at least 18. And the 18 were people that they said would never, ever be freed. And, by the way, Pastor Brunson was one of them. We were talking before. How many years was it? You can say the number you told me. It's a very scary number.

Andrew Brunson: Well, they wanted 35 years.

Donald Trump: They wanted him in jail for 35 years.

Donald Trump: So, you know, we have many people throughout the world, in other countries, and we are working very hard. This group -- all of this group -- we're working very hard to take care of that situation.

Question: Mr. President, is there a red line in terms of Saudi behavior that would cause you to reconsider that proposed arms sales?

Donald Trump: We're going to just see what happened. We have to see what happened. As James said, it's really best to -- let's determine what happened first. There's plenty of things we can do that are very tough. Let's see what happened first.

Question: Have you seen the video or audio recordings?

Donald Trump: I have not. Have you seen the video?

Mike Pompeo: Mr. President, I have not seen it.

Donald Trump: I mean, I've heard -- we've all heard a lot about the audio. Nobody has seen it yet. So we do want to see it. I guess it's a combination of seeing it and hearing it. And maybe a lot can be --

Question: And have you asked [Inaudible]?

Donald Trump: Yes, we're going to be seeing it very soon.

Question: Have you spoken [Inaudible]?

Donald Trump: No, I haven't. I haven't spoken.

Question: Do you plan on it?

Donald Trump: I mean, I've spoken to him many times about this, but I haven't called him yet. I will be. I will be. And I will be also calling King Salman of Saudi Arabia, because I think it's appropriate for me to ask him what is going on.

Question: Do you have any idea when that call might take place, sir?

Donald Trump: Probably tonight or tomorrow.

Donald Trump: Go ahead.

Question: Pastor Brunson, do you plan to stay in the U.S. now?

Andrew Brunson: For a time. We don't know what's ahead of us. I would like to say something. Someone asked before about other American prisoners in Turkey. And I know that from dealing with the consulate there -- and they've been very involved with us, excellent consulate staff there; and Martin Thomen is here -- that they weren't only engaging for me; that they're engaging for everyone there.

Andrew Brunson: So, as -- I know this just from talking with the consulate staff when they would come to visit me in prison that they were involved very much in advocating for the other prisoners there.

Donald Trump: And I have to say, with respect to Turkey or Saudi Arabia, when you look at what's going on in Iran and other places, it's really bad. It is really bad. There are a lot of bad things going on in that part of the world. And frankly, in other parts of the world also.

Donald Trump: Any other questions?

Question: Mr. President, what did you do different than other administrations? You talked about the 19 people that you've seen -- Americans held abroad that you've seen released. What did you do differently than previous administrations?

Donald Trump: Well, they're tending not to take them --

Question: And you said you made no deals, so --

Donald Trump: They are tending not to take them out of our administration. And that's good. I like that. And I think I could tell you why, but I won't. But they tend not to take them out of our administration. And you know what? It's going to stay that way, okay?

Question: Mr. President, did you [Inaudible] last night?

Donald Trump: What?

Question: Did you watch the interview with the First Lady on ABC last night?

Donald Trump: I did.

Question: What did you think?

Donald Trump: I thought she was fantastic. I thought the First Lady was fantastic last night. I hope I do as well on "60 Minutes" tomorrow night. [Laughter] I doubt I will, but that's okay.

Question: Mr. President, will you still be sending Treasury Secretary Mnuchin to the conference in Riyadh later this month?

Donald Trump: What do you think about that?

Mike Pompeo: I think we need to continue to evaluate the facts and we'll make that decision. As I talked with Secretary Mnuchin about it last night, we'll be taking a look at it through the rest of the week.

Question: Mr. President, now that the Pastor has been released, what is the future for U.S. sanctions on Turkey?

Donald Trump: Well, we were very tough on Turkey, and we'll take a look. There was absolutely no deal made. Frankly, the only deal, if you can call it a deal, is a psychological one. We feel much different about Turkey today than we did yesterday. And I think we have a chance of really becoming much closer to Turkey, and maybe even having a very, very good relationship. We know the people. And as the Pastor said, these are incredible people. The people of Turkey are incredible people. And I think we have a chance now to really have a great relationship with Turkey. I hope that happens. Okay?

Donald Trump: Thank you. Richard, do you have anything to say? I'd like to maybe -- you and Thom, you worked so hard. Richard Burr?

Richard Burr: Well, we welcome the Pastor back to North Carolina. He's been missed. But his work in Turkey, like everywhere else in the world, to spread the word of Jesus Christ is absolutely crucial and it's a foundational thing about this country, the United States. And I think that's why we love it so much. Welcome home.

Andrew Brunson: Carolina Blue. [Laughter]

Richard Burr: That's right.

Donald Trump: That's right. Thom?

Thom Tillis: Pastor Brunson, you mentioned the State team. I just want to echo that the folks on the

Andrew Brunson: Martin visited many times.

Donald Trump: In fact, doesn't speak good English anymore. [Laughter] He forgot English. You spent a lot of time over there. Fantastic.

Martin Thomen: Thank you, sir.

Donald Trump: Great job. Patrick?

Patrick McHenry: What a special guy. What a special man of Christ. When he comes to the Oval Office and instead of saying "thank you" just for your prayers, he says, "Let me pray for you, Mr. President." What a special statement. And what a special statement about what you've done personally.

Patrick McHenry: As a delegation in North Carolina, we've worked on this release for a very long time. But things changed when this administration came in. And the direct involvement of the Secretary of State, and the direct involvement of you, Mr. President, and the Vice President, has made all the difference. We're so grateful to see the happy family all back together once again.

Donald Trump: Thank you, Patrick. That's very nice. Mark?

Mark Meadows: Yeah. Pastor, welcome home. But I think the other thing is, you had dozens and dozens of advocates. You had one champion in the President of the United States. But he was the answer to millions of prayers that went up on your behalf and the behalf of your family. So thank you for keeping the faith. Thank you for the entire team. And praise God for a wonderful celebration today. And thank you, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Thank you, Mark, very much. Appreciate it. James? Please. Oh, yes, go ahead.

Norine Brunson: Just also thanks so much to the chargé. To both. There was a transition time, but both of them were just so wonderful. And we just want to acknowledge them publicly.

Donald Trump: You know what? Before James goes -- and you know how James has fought for you -- I'd like you maybe to say something on behalf of your husband and how great he -- the bravery that he showed. Because you know exactly what was going on. You saw it better than anybody.

Norine Brunson: It was hard for him. And really, the Lord pulled him through. Yeah. Yeah. I think it was a great testimony in Turkey. We would like people to know who we really are there. That we really are there to bless the country. That's our desire.

Donald Trump: Thank you for your bravery and everything else. How about you?

Jacqueline Furnari: I just want to say thank you for all of your involvement. I don't think that we'd be sitting here right now. I don't think that I'd be seeing my parents right now if it were not for your involvement and your strong stance. So thank you.

Donald Trump: I appreciate it. Thank you very much.

Norine Brunson: She was the face of the family.

Donald Trump: She was.

Norine Brunson: She was.

Donald Trump: She's become very famous. [Laughter] Go ahead.

Jordan Brunson: I just wanted to say thank you for everything that you've done. I know you and the Vice President have worked really hard, and all of these people. And it was really hard, like, my dad being gone. So thank you for bringing him back. It was definitely amazing.

Donald Trump: Well, you've got great parents. And it's terrific. It's our honor. And, James, maybe we'll close it out with you? I'll just say, on behalf of the Vice President, we are so happy, so thrilled. James Lankford, go ahead, please.

James Lankford: Thank you, Mr. President. You all have both faced incredible risks personally. Your tenacity to be able to stay there by his side throughout this, at great personal risk to yourself through this process, has been awe-inspiring for many of us to be able to watch as well.

James Lankford: We're incredibly grateful for you all to be able to be home. And we look forward to having a celebration like -- a day like this for other Americans from Turkey that need to come home as well, to be able to finish that out. And we look forward to getting all of those individuals resolved as well and back home.

James Lankford: But today, we're just incredibly grateful after two very long years, for you to be able to be home. And I look forward to hearing your stories about driving through drive-throughs and getting a hamburger -- [Laughter] -- and about going to just hang out and going to your own church, and just being able to relax and to be able to be with family.

James Lankford: And we're all looking forward to those days of you all not having to be on the front page of a paper and just being back to being Americans again. And be able to do this. So, welcome home.

Donald Trump: Thank you, James. Thank you.