Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-vladimir-putin-helsinki-july-16-2018

Donald Trump: [Note: the first part from Vladimir Putin is inaudible and was not transcribed] First of all Mr President I'd like to congratulate you on a really great World Cup. One of the best ever from what everybody tells me and also for your team, itself, doing so well.

Donald Trump: I watched quite a bit and in the United States we call it soccer and I watched quite a bit of it and I watched the entire final and the semi-finals and they were really spectacular games, but it was beautifully done so congratulations on that.

Donald Trump: Most importantly we have a lot of good things to talk about... we have discussions on everything from trade to military, to missiles, to nuclear, to China, we'll be talking a little bit about China -- our mutual friend President Xi.

Donald Trump: I think we have great opportunities together as two countries that frankly we have not been getting along very well for the last number of years. I've been here not too long but it is getting close to two years, but I think we will end up having an extraordinary relationship.

Donald Trump: I've been saying, and I'm sure you've heard, over the years ... that getting along with Russia is a good thing not a bad thing.

Donald Trump: I really think the world wants to see us get along. We are the two great nuclear powers. We have 90% of the nuclear -- and that's not a good thing it's a bad thing.

Donald Trump: I think we can hopefully do something about that because it is not a positive force it is a negative force so we'll be talking about that among other things.

Donald Trump: And with that the world awaits and I look forward to our personal discussion which I think begins now and then we are going to meet our whole team.

Donald Trump: You have quite a few representatives as I do. We all have a lot of questions and hopefully, we will come up with answers most importantly. It is great to be with you. Thank you everybody.