Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-trilat-japan-india-abe-modi-november-30-2018

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. It's a great honor to be with Prime Minister Modi of India, and, as you know, Prime Minister Abe of Japan. And we just had a great meeting, and we're having now what we call a "trilat."

Donald Trump: The relationships between our three countries is extremely -- extremely good, extremely strong. I think, with India, maybe stronger than ever. And with Japan, I think, stronger than ever. We're doing very well together. We're doing a lot of trade together. We're doing a lot of defense together, a lot of military purchases.

Donald Trump: And we're going to now have a little discussion between the three of us. So thank you very much. Mr. Prime Minister.

Narendra Modi: [Via interpreter] I feel this is a very good occasion for our three countries -- countries which have shared values, democratic values -- Japan, America, and India together. We will be playing a big role together for world peace, prosperity, and stability.

Narendra Modi: [Via interpreter] I'm also happy that both the countries are our strategic partners. Both of them are very good friends. And the three countries together -- it is a matter of good fortune that we will work together.

Narendra Modi: [Via interpreter] When you look at the acronym of our three countries -- Japan, America, and India -- it is "JAI," which, in Hindi or in India, in general, is for "success." In a way, this "JAI" -- "success," this message -- is a good message that goes out. It's a good beginning.

Narendra Modi: [Via interpreter] And together, as I said earlier, we'll be playing a very big role to work together for world peace, prosperity, and stability.

Shinzo Abe: [Via interpreter] I am very delighted to hold the first-ever Japan-U.S.-India trilateral summit meeting today. Japan, the U.S., and India share fundamental values and strategic interests. And I certainly hope to further reinforce our trilateral partnership and to continuing our close cooperation toward realizing a free and open Indo-Pacific.

Shinzo Abe: [Via interpreter] By having three of us working together, we'll bring more prosperity and more stability in the region, as well as globally.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.

Question: Mr. President, what did you discuss with MBS?

Donald Trump: We had no discussion. We had no discussion. We might, but had none.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much everybody.