Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-bilat-emmanuel-macron-france-june-8-2018

Emmanuel Macron: I wanted to thank President Trump. I think we had a very open and very strategic afternoon. We always have this kind of disucssion, and I think on trade there is a critical path, but there is a way to progress all together.

Emmanuel Macron: We had a very direct and open discussion, and I saw the willingness and the signs to find agreement and have a win-win approach for our people, our workers and our middle classes.

Emmanuel Macron: We will have this evening a good discussion on North Korea, and we will have a very important meeting in Singapore on Syria, on Iran obviously, but I want to say that sometimes we disagree, but we always think and share... I see common concerns and common values.

Donald Trump: That's right.

Emmanuel Macron: And we share the willingness to deliver and get results together, so I wanted to thank you all for that once again.

Donald Trump: Well, I wanted to thank you too Emmanuel. We have, really, a very good relationship, very special. A lot of people wrote a couple of things that weren't quite correct, a little bit accurate, perhaps. We have little test every once in a while when it comes to trade.

Donald Trump: The United States has had a very big trade deficit for many years with the European Union, and we're working it out, and Emanuel has been very helpful in that regard, and something's going to happen. I think it'll be very positive.

Donald Trump: We also have a very positive really a while ago on NAFTA, so this is turning out to be a good thing, but we had a very, very good meeting on NAFTA with Justin and his representatives. But I want to thank you. It was really helpful today.

Donald Trump: I also want to congratulate you, because I'm reading what's going on in France. You've got great courage. You're doing the right thing. Nothing's easy, but what you're doing is the right thing, and it's a wonderful country. It's a special country, and you have a special president. That I can tell you Thank you very much.

Emmanuel Macron: Thank you.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Question: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: We haven't brought that up.