Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-border-wall-san-diego-march-13-2018

Donald Trump: Well, thank you very much, Secretary Nielsen; Acting Commissioner McAleenan; and the incredible Border Patrol agents, CBP officers who are doing an amazing job; ICE agents and officers, who I know so many of you.

Donald Trump: So we're looking at the wall and the wall systems, and we have a lot of them, and this gentleman who is a real expert you've been doing this how long?

Unidentified: This is. Just to the west of the San Diego port of entry. And this is what it looks like every day. [Inaudible].

Donald Trump: Every day, criminals and tariffs try to infiltrate our country. You got a good glimpse of it before. We did it together, with the media, frankly. I didn't know we were going to be doing that, but you got, really, maybe a far better glimpse than you're going to get right now.

Unidentified: 25 years sir?

Donald Trump: So this is what it was in the 1990s. It was an open wound frankly. It was really really bad. People just pouring across, drugs everything else pouring across. Now of course you have a much bigger worldwide drug problem.

Donald Trump: But the border wall is truly our first line of defense, and it's probably, if you think about it, our first and last, other than the great ICE agents and other people -- moving people out. It will save thousands and thousands of lives, save taxpayers hundreds of billions of dollars by reducing crime, drug flow, welfare fraud, and burdens on schools and hospitals. The wall will save hundreds of billions of dollars -- many, many times what it's going to cost.

Donald Trump: And you were here before they had a wall?

Donald Trump: If we ever had nothing here, we have a lousy wall over here now, but at least it stops 90, 95 percent when we put up the real wall we're going to stop 99 percent, maybe more than that. But this is what it is now, with a not very good wall. But here it is before, and the people are just pouring across.

Donald Trump: We must also close the deadly loopholes exploited by smugglers and traffickers. And we're in that area. We're in one of the many areas along the border where we have that problem. And we have to confront the dangerous sanctuary cities, which you've been all hearing so much about.

Unidentified: Correct. I started here in 1992.

Unidentified: This is one of the sections where we have double fencing [Inaudible], again it's outdated materials but it was proof of concept. But sir, the economic driver of this outlet mall that was built after we re-establish law and order in San Diego sector, and right behind us over 500 brand new homes where people felt so safe near the border, they moved back in. That's only because U.S. Border Patrol re-established law and order.

Donald Trump: California sanctuary policies put the entire nation at risk. They're the best friend of the criminal. That's what exactly is happening. The criminals take refuge in these sanctuary cities, and it's very dangerous for our police and enforcement folks.

Donald Trump: What was it like until you built the wall? And the wall by the way is that wall up there, which is just sheet metal. But still at least it works a little bit. How was it before you built the wall?

Donald Trump: So they re-established law and order in San Diego when they put up a wall, and it's not a superior wall, it's an inferior wall. But it's a wall. And you actually use the term re-establish law and order?

Donald Trump: The smugglers, the traffickers, the gang members, they're all taking refuge, and I think a lot of people in California understand that. A lot of people from a lot of other places understand it, and they don't want sanctuary cities.

Unidentified: So there was effectively no border in San Diego. It's a chaotic situation. The fence behind me was made of scrap metal. The military wasn't using it we set in place to really just delineate the border.

Unidentified: Yes sir.

Donald Trump: These policies release dangerous criminal offenders to prey on innocent people and nullify the federal law. They're threatening the security and the safety of the people of our country. In the upcoming omnibus budget bill, Congress must fund the border wall and prohibit grants to sanctuary jurisdictions that threaten the security of our country and the people of our country. We must enforce our laws and protect our people.

Donald Trump: You needed something.

Donald Trump: You hear it folks. Say what you want. This is life. This is the facts of life. That's incredible. That's incredible, and a part of San Diego needs a wall. They want a wall very desperately. They're willing to do anything to get it, I said nope, approve the whole wall. California, approve whole wall. Not we're not going to be a little pieces that you want. Approve the whole wall. You know the section I'm talking about. Okay folks, thank you. Did you get it? Excuse me?

Donald Trump: And I have to say, law enforcement -- ICE, Border Patrol -- all of the people that have been so good to me for so long, they're really doing a job. But our job -- and I think we all understand the job would be a lot easier if we weren't protecting criminals in the sanctuary cities. We had a great talk about it inside.

Unidentified: And itself and it change our environment. We went from... We decreasing the cross-border traffic by 95 percent with that fence and the roads and the lights and the technology.

Question: Has coming here to see the wall...

Donald Trump: Cooperation with Mexico is another crucial element of border security. DHS coordinates closely with the Mexican law enforcement, and we must absolutely build on that cooperation. Both countries recognize the need to stem the cross-border flow of illegal weapons, drugs, people, and cash.

Donald Trump: So that's 95 percent with a scrap metal wall that they just put together with excess material and it worked 95 percent and that wall they could get over very easily. These walls they can't. For the people who say no wall if you didn't have walls over here you wouldn't even have a country. You wouldn't even have a country.

Donald Trump: Oh yeah, fantastic. I mean we're looking very much at the wall with some see-through capability on the other side and then solid concrete on top, or steel and concrete on top. The round piece that you see up here or you see more clearly back there. The larger it is, the better it is because it's very hard to get over the top.

Donald Trump: I have a great relationship with the President of Mexico, a wonderful guy -- Enrique. Terrific guy. We're working -- we're trying to work things out. We'll see whether or not it happens. I don't know that it's going to happen. He's a very good negotiator. He loves the people of Mexico, and he's working very hard. We'll see what happens.

Donald Trump: And by the way the state of California is begging us to build walls in certain areas. They don't tell you that. We said, no, we won't do it until we build the whole wall. But there are certain areas as you know where they are really wanting us to build a wall. Because the people are complaining. People are pouring in, so they don't talk about that.

Donald Trump: It's really a deterrent for getting over the top. Who would think? Who would think. But getting over the top is easy. These are like professional mountains climbers. There incredible climbers. They can't climb some of these walls. Some of them they can. Those are the walls we're not using. So we've determined that you guys have done a fantastic job.

Donald Trump: But we have to, obviously, have a couple of disagreements before we get there. You'll see over the next month whether or not it takes place in this administration, meaning his administration. They have an election coming up. I hear they have some very good people running, and they have some that maybe aren't so good. In any event, we'll handle it.

Unidentified: Do you have a preference?

Donald Trump: We've determined what to do... this way when we build, it we're not like saying, oh gee I wish we did it a different way. But if you didn't have it, you would have tremendous problems. And even the walls they have now, they're not holding out, they're not holding up. They're small, but they're really great compared to what they before. Stopped about 95 percent.

Donald Trump: I want to again thank everyone for being here today, and I want to again call on Congress to deliver a budget that protects our homeland and properly funds all of our law enforcement needs. I want to thank the Secretary. I want to thank ICE and the Border Patrol agents for their incredible work and their incredible bravery.

Donald Trump: Well, I do have a preference, the problem is you have to have see through. You have to know what's on the other side of the wall. A preference is something like that the problem is you don't know what's on the other side of the wall. You could be two feet way from a criminal cartel and you don't even know they're there. Now we have equipment to take care of that, x-ray equipment, et cetera.

Unidentified: I would just point out we're showing pictures of the United States. There's been an equal benefit to Tijuana in Mexico, that you don't have all that activity hanging out on the south side of the fence either. It's improved the border on both sides, not just our side.

Donald Trump: I want to thank all of law enforcement on the border. It's a dangerous job. It's a tough job. And if you didn't have even these remnant walls -- we call them remnant; they've been here for a long time -- people don't say that. But they've been here for a long time. If you didn't have them, you would have crime in numbers that far surpass the numbers that you see today.

Donald Trump: But if you are on that side of the wall, that is the hardest wall to scale, it's got a lot of assets, but the problem is tell them, what do you think of the importance of see-through?

Question: Sir what do you think of the criticism from Governor Brown that  some of this money might be better spent?

Donald Trump: We've cut down, and way down, on crossings -- border crossings -- because of the job that the Border Patrol does. And the ones that get through, we've gotten out. MS-13, we're taking them out by the thousands. But we don't want them here in the first place. We don't want them to come in.

Unidentified: When I have a see-through wall, sir, I know what's approaching the border before it approaches. We have great partners in Mexico with law enforcement on that side. I can call them for assistance. I don't get the opportunity to get ahead of a threat if I can't see the approach.

Donald Trump: Well, I think Governor Brown's done a very poor job running California. They have the highest, the highest taxes in the United States. The place is totally out of control. You have sanctuary cities. We have criminals living in the sanctuary cities. And then the Mayor of Oakland goes out and notifies when ICE is going to pick them up. And many of them were criminals, with criminal records and very dangerous people. You would say dangerous people.

Donald Trump: So this was really a day where we look at the different prototypes of the wall. You've seen them. The media has seen them. And some work very well; some don't work so well. When we build, we want to build the right thing.

Donald Trump: And what's the danger of not having the see through.

Donald Trump: No, I think the governor is doing a terrible job running the state of California, and you know, hey I have property in California, I will say, I don't think too much about my property anymore, but I have great property in California. The taxes are way, way out of whack and people are going to start to move pretty soon.

Donald Trump: Interestingly, the ones that work the best aren't necessarily the most expensive -- something I like about that ring.

Unidentified: The steel metal fence behind us, we learn from that, in fact in the 90s we went in and actually cut in ports where we could see on the south side. We found smugglers were using the fence to hide behind, and they were either rocking our agents or they would acquire large groups of people and narcotics and they would just rush across the border quickly.

Donald Trump: And if you don't have safety, meaning if you don't have this kind of wall, the drugs are pouring through in California, can't do it. So the governor of California... Nice guy. I think he's a nice guy. I knew him a long time ago. Has not done the job, and the taxes are double and triple what they should be. And everybody that lives in California they know it. Thank you very much everybody.

Donald Trump: So I want to thank everybody for being here. I want to thank, frankly, the media for being here. And we'll let the people of our country know that we need safety, we need security at the border, and we're getting it like we've never had it before. But we want to make it perfecto. Thank you all very much. And thank you. Thank you, folks, very much. Thank you. Secretary, you want to say something?

Donald Trump: Now, if you just have a pure fence. Now that's a fence, a very sturdy fence. But coming up I noticed the first thing I noticed, look how many holes are in that fence.

Kirstjen Nielsen: Just quickly, just to thank the President so much for his continued leadership. As he says, CBP and ICE both put their lives on the line every day to protect our country. For that, I'm forever grateful, both as -- to serve as Secretary, but also as an American. And we will build this wall.

Donald Trump: Now they fix the holes. But it doesn't look very good. They just patch it with more fence. If you take a look at the fence, and it's a very powerful fence. Not doing the trick. Because they cut holes in it and then they're patching holes all the time. I'm just looking. You have hundreds of holes cut in and patched. So, the fence is not strong enough. It's not the right idea.

Kirstjen Nielsen: So thank you for coming out today. We're building up a toolkit based on what we've learned from the research and development on the prototypes. And we look forward to breaking ground very soon, and securing our country. So thank you again to the President for his continued leadership.

Donald Trump: But for those people if you don't have a wall system we're not going to have a country. There is a lot of problems in Mexico. They have a lot of problems over there. They have the cartels, and the cartels we're fighting the cartels. And we are fighting them hard. Nobody ever fought them like we fought them. We fight them hard. But the fact is if you don't have a wall system, it would be bedlam I imagine.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much, everybody. Thank you.

Unidentified: It's very hard to control with just personnel, sir. It's a combination of all of the above.

Question: Will you veto a bill with no punishment for sanctuary cities?

Donald Trump: So, we're looking at the walls where you have some -- really some see-through capability. If you don't have some see through it's a problem. So, we will take a look up here.

Donald Trump: We're going to see. We're going to look at it. We're looking at it very, very strongly. Sanctuary cities are protecting a horrible group of people, in many cases -- criminals.

Donald Trump: And what happened, as an example, in Oakland was a disgrace to our nation. And we just can't let that happen. Thank you very much.