Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-lynn-haven-florida-arrival-october-15-2018

Donald Trump: Come on over here, fellas. Meet a great gentleman who is very brave, I have to say.

Brock Long: What's your name?

Michael Rollins: Michael Rollins.

Brock Long: Michael Rollins. And Michael, how long have you lived here?

Michael Rollins: I've lived in this house since 1989.

Brock Long: 1989

Michael Rollins: And I've been in the area -- I was born back on Eglin Air Force Base.

Brock Long: So you've lived down here for 74 years?

Michael Rollins: Yes, sir

Brock Long: Okay, and your parents here before that?

Michael Rollins: Yes, sir

Brock Long: And [Inaudible] how bad was it?

Michael Rollins: The worst thing I've ever endured in 74 years.

Brock Long: Yea, so you shocked with how much wind there was?

Michael Rollins: Yes, sir. I did not realize that nature could be that forceful.

Brock Long: That's the --

Michael Rollins: That was the largest palm tree in Bay County and a 111-feet tall short-leaf palm.

Donald Trump: I got it. Did you -- Did you hear it fall?

Michael Rollins: No sir, I watched it.

Brock Long: Oh did you?

Michael Rollins: -- through that window.

Donald Trump: You saw -- So Michael, you saw that happen. You saw that coming down.

Michael Rollins: Yes, sir.

Donald Trump: Didn't miss by much.

Michael Rollins: Every one -- 5, 6, everything you see here was in the front yard.

Donald Trump: And they got here on time, and --

Michael Rollins: They were here right on it. The boys who cleared my -- these lots there. They were Evergreen Tree Company out of Texas. Donald Trump

Michael Rollins: They spent the night on top of the bridge waiting for it to come in, so they could be able to be here. That's how good those people were.

Brock Long: Did a search and rescue team come by?

Michael Rollins: Yes, sir. I have been checked on all routinely, ever since it happened.

Donald Trump: How quickly?

Michael Rollins: It was -- it was, end of the day.

Brock Long: Yeah, because we had search and rescue teams coming in last night.

Michael Rollins: They were walking. They had to walk in.

Brock Long: They got here last night. They cleaned all the roads coming down, and they started doing search-and-rescue that night.

Michael Rollins: That night.

Unidentified: And then, if you notice, as we said, coming in with all the trees down, the main goal is access. So, you know, being able to get in here, and you can imagine all the trees and the power lines that were across --

Brock Long: It was dangerous, because --

Michael Rollins: I think the United States ought to realize that the people who do this for a living, they're honest people who go out here and cut these trees and so forth, they are an absolute blessing. They're ahead of everybody, not only -- they're capitalists like me and most people are --

Donald Trump: Right. Right.

Michael Rollins: But they did it with -- no, I don't want nothing for clearing these trees. Now will you give me your job? Now I think that's a nice way to be. That's enterprise to me.

Donald Trump: They did a great job.

Michael Rollins: Yes they did.

Donald Trump: Well, thank you. Do you have any questions, anybody, for Michael, who really rode out the storm. Incredible.

Donald Trump: Steve, go ahead.

Question: [Inaudible]

Michael Rollins: Michael, R-O-L-L-I-N-S. Rollins.

Brock Long: You've lived here --

Question: [Inaudible]

Michael Rollins: Right here.

Question: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: He thought it was over.

Michael Rollins: No sir, I did not change my mind at all. I knew that I had made my commitment stay with my -- I have three animals, three dogs and a parrot, and I had nowhere to go, and I've said I'm gonna ride it out, the good lord will take care of Michael, and he did. And the whole community pulled together here. I've seen everybody in the world on this street, and they, you know, "How can I help you". I've been giving them grapefruit off one of the most beautiful grapefruit tree the world. Please take grapefruits. [Laughs]

Donald Trump: That's great.

Brock Long: That's the nice thing about Florida. People come together and help each other

Michael Rollins: You know what? All my life I've said that.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Michael's been here for many hurricanes, and he said, but there's never been anything that you've seen like this.

Michael Rollins: Never. I did not know nature could be this bad.

Donald Trump: Yeah, and this one you could have passed, right?

Michael Rollins: Yes, sir.

Donald Trump: Thank you Michael. Thanks.