Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-lofven-sweden-bilateral-meeting-march-6-2018

Question: So Mr. President

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. It's a great honor to have Prime Minister Löfven with us. He's a highly respected man and done a great job in Sweden. They are doing

Donald Trump: We've had a tremendous run in the United States. We're doing well

Donald Trump: So we're going to have quite a long discussion. We're going to see you a little bit later in the East Room. And

Stefan Löfven: Thank you for inviting me

Donald Trump: Yes.

Stefan Löfven: And I look forward to this meeting

Question: Mr. President

Donald Trump: Great country

Question: And what are hoping to accomplish here today?

Donald Trump: Well

Question: Mr. President

Donald Trump: Well

Donald Trump: But we'll see what happens. We have -- we've been in a situation that should have been handled for a long time. For many

Question: Do you believe the North Koreans are prepared to give up their nuclear weapons

Donald Trump: Say it?

Question: Do you believe the North Koreans are prepared to give up their nuclear weapons?

Donald Trump: We're going to see. We're going to see. They seem to be acting positively

Donald Trump: But we are prepared to go either way. I think that their statement and the statements coming out of South Korea and North Korea have been very positive. That would be a great thing for the world. A great thing for the world. So we'll see how it all comes about.

Donald Trump: I will say this -- and we've been given tremendous credit

Donald Trump: The Olympics were beautiful. There were

Question: Would you be willing to meet Kim Jong-un?

Question: Would you [Inaudible] those conditions if they say that they won't do any --

Question: You sound more optimistic about this situation.

Donald Trump: I'd like to be optimistic

Donald Trump: But these are the cards we were dealt. We're handling it properly. And again

Question: Mr. President

Donald Trump: We'll see what happens. Let's see what happens.

Question: Would you agree to direct talks if they agree to just suspend any types of tests right now? Would you agree to talks?

Donald Trump: We're going to see what happens. I don't want to talk so much about things that we don't know yet. But we have had very good dialogue. I think it was very positive dialogue. And you've heard that before. But so far

Donald Trump: That was the time to have settled this problem

Question: Do you have any preconditions for talks? Is there anything you would insist on having first?

Donald Trump: We're going to see happens. I don't want to talk about it. We're going to see what happens.

Question: Are you prepared to ask Sweden to be an intermediary in talks?

Donald Trump: Sweden will always be helpful. Sweden has been helpful in the past. They were very helpful

Question: Mr. President

Question: Sweden has an embassy --

Donald Trump: Excuse me?

Question: Sweden has an embassy in Pyongyang. Are you going to talk to Mr. Löfven about this?

Donald Trump: Yes