Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-bilat-justin-trudeau-canada-june-8-2018

Justin Trudeau: [Crosstalk] Have a seat, please. What a pleasure it is to welcome President Trump to Charlevoix. An opportunity for us to talk about a broad range of issues. Obviously, trade has been a topic of discussion and will continue to be, but our engagement towards the world, how we're working together to create good jobs for folks on both sides of the border and around.

Justin Trudeau: We both got elected on a commitment to grow the middle class, and help those working hard to join it. And that's exactly the kinds of things that we're going to stay focused on, and so, it's a pleasure to have you here, Donald.

Donald Trump: Well, Justin has been really great and I appreciate, you know... Justin has agreed to cut all tariffs [Laughter] of all trade barriers between Canada and the United States, so I'm very happy right now.

Justin Trudeau: So I'd say NAFTA's in good shape. [Laughter]

Donald Trump: But we're actually working on it. We are actually working on it. But our relationship is very good. We are actually working on cutting tariffs and making it all very fair for both countries, and we've made a lot of progress today. We'll see how it all works out, but we've made a lot of progress.

Donald Trump: It could be that NAFTA a different form. It could be with Canada, with Mexico, one-on-one, a much simpler agreement, much easier to do. I think better for both countries, but we're talking about that, among other things. But the relationship is probably better, as good or better than it's ever been, and I think we'll get to something very beneficial to Canada and to the United States.

Justin Trudeau: Excellent. Thank you very much. Merci beaucoup. Merci.

Question: [Inaudible, about Russia]

Donald Trump: We didn't, we didn't discuss it, we didn't cover it.

Question: Did you come to an agreement on a joint statement?

Donald Trump: I think we'll have a joint statement.

Justin Trudeau: We'll see you guys... We'll see you guys tomorrow.

Question: Prime Minister, are you disappointed the President is leaving early?

Donald Truno: No, he's happy.