Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-netanyahu-israel-bilateral-meeting-march-5-2018

Donald Trump: "Thank you very much. It's a great honor to have Prime Minister Netanyahu and Mrs. Netanyahu with us. They've been friends for a long time. We have

Donald Trump: "Jerusalem was a wonderful thing

Donald Trump: "We are very close on trade deals. We are very

Sara Netanyahu: Thank you.

Benjamin Netanyahu: "Thank you. Thank you. Mr. President

Benjamin Netanyahu: "I want to tell you that the Jewish people have a long memory. So we remember the proclamation of the great King Cyrus the Great -- Persian King. Twenty-five hundred years ago

Benjamin Netanyahu: "We remember seven years ago

Benjamin Netanyahu: "Mr. President

Benjamin Netanyahu: "If I had to say what is our greatest challenge in the Middle East to both our countries

Benjamin Netanyahu: "It came out of this nuclear deal emboldened

Benjamin Netanyahu: "The second is seeking

Benjamin Netanyahu: "So I look forward to those discussions. But I want to -- I want to just iterate -- reiterate what you just said. Mr. President

Benjamin Netanyahu: "They see your magnificent defense of Israel and the truth in the United Nations. And I

Benjamin Netanyahu: "And

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. Thank you. My honor.

Question: "Mr. President

Question: Are you going to come to Jerusalem for the opening of the embassy?

Donald Trump: "I may. I may. They have started

Question: So you might come in May to open the embassy?

Donald Trump: I may. I may. We're looking at it. We'll have it built very quickly. A lot of people wouldn't be doing it quickly like that. But we're going to have it built very quickly and very inexpensively.

Donald Trump: "They put an order in front of my desk last week for a billion dollars. I said

Benjamin Netanyahu: Yeah. It's good.

Question: So can we say that you're (inaudible) coming to Jerusalem?

Donald Trump: "We're looking at coming. If I can

Question: And what about your peace deal? When will you present your peace deal?

Donald Trump: "We're going to see. We're working on it very hard

Donald Trump: "And the biggest difficulty that anybody has had -- you look over 25 years -- nobody could get past

Question: Who said that?

Question: What if they don't come?

Donald Trump: "If they don't

Question: What's your plan if they don't come?

Donald Trump: "If they don't

Donald Trump: "This is the hardest deal. This is years and years of opposition and

Donald Trump: "So we're working very hard on it

Question: Paul Ryan wants you to back down on trade. Paul Ryan says he's worried about a trade war. Are you going to back down on the tariffs?

Donald Trump: "No

Donald Trump: "But if I do make a deal which is fair to the workers and to the American people

Donald Trump: "So we'll see what happens. But right now

Donald Trump: "People have to understand

Donald Trump: "They don't allow it. They have trade barriers that are worse than tariffs. They also have tariffs

Donald Trump: "So we may have friends

Donald Trump: "And

Question: Talking about a trade war?

Donald Trump: I don't think you'll have a trade war.

Question: No trade war?

Donald Trump: "I don't think so. I don't think you're going to have trade war

Question: "Prime Minister Netanyahu

Benjamin Netanyahu: I will later. Thank you.

Donald Trump: Thank you all. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you.