Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-governors-lunch-white-house-june-21-2018

Donald Trump: We keep busy. We keep nation busy. We just had one of these in another room, and as you know there's a great group of governors, very distinguished governors, and we're having a meeting. We had a victory just a few moments ago on the Internet sales tax. A lot of states and cities now are gonna be benefiting from what's going on and that's a big, big victory for the governors in this room and I know they want to see that happen. And I don't think it was a surprising victory, it's the right thing to do.

Donald Trump: It's a five to four decision and Supreme Court just came down. So I have a very -- lot of happy faces in front of me. That's good.

Donald Trump: It's going to be a very good meal. But I want to thank you all for being here. I thought I'd go down while the press is here. I thought I'd go -- maybe we'll go around the room. And, Mike, congratulations on the ascension.

Mike Parson: Thank you, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: It's something I think you really deserve. Congratulations. You might want to say a few words to the press.

Mike Parson: Well, first, it's an honor to be here today to be with the -- for the President of the United States to take time out for the governors across this country, and especially from my home State of Missouri, who are so proud of the leadership in Washington right now and the things you're doing. So proud of that. But you know really today's -- you know, for us, it's infrastructure and jobs in Missouri.

Mike Parson: Like, for me and the other governors are saying here, that's what's important to me and I just appreciate having an opportunity to be here with the President of the United States and be able to discuss those issues.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. I hear Josh is doing pretty well out there?

Mike Parson: Josh is doing well. We're gonna be working hard for him.

Donald Trump: That's good. I hear he's doing really good. Really great.

Mike Parson: He is.

Donald Trump: And Matt you have, sort of, set records in what you're doing in your great state that I love very much, Kentucky. Special place, and you really have done a job.

Matt Bevin: Thank you. Sure. I'd simply say this, I mean, I'm grateful many -- what has brought many of us to town as Select USA. The U.S.

Matt Bevin: Chamber of Commerce has recognized that in a world of geopolitical instability, there really is nowhere that is likely to have upside potential for investors as is the United States, period. So we as states I mean we compete with one another but we're all on the same team at the end of the day which is to bring investors to the United States and when someone comes to any one state, all of us benefit to some degree given the integrated supply chain.

Matt Bevin: So I'm excited to be here talking to a whole lot of investors from around the world and I'm grateful as was just noted to have a President in an administration and a Vice President who have been CEOs and leaders of states and businesses who understand how business gets done and who listen to governors and who delegate responsibility to states because this is the greatness of America. And so, I just, again, I appreciate  your willingness to hear us and your -- your willingness to support us as we work to make each of our respective States stronger economically.

Donald Trump: And Matt, I might add, has a record number of new businesses going into Kentucky. And I want to take full credit for that, but I have to give him at least some. You have done a really fantastic job, so thank you very much.

Matt Bevin: Thank you.

Donald Trump: I appreciate it. Ivanka, do you have anything to say?

Ivanka Trump: Well, it's a great honor to see so many of you here and we've spent a lot of time with many of the people around the table, particularly on the issue of workforce development, because as the economy is growing so rapidly and it's so robust for the first time in history, there are more vacant jobs than there are people to fill them.

Ivanka Trump: WSo I've worked with so many of you on different programs within your State that ensure that people have the skills, training, the vocational education they need to fill those jobs. And we have a lot more great work that's going to be coming out of this White House in collaboration with each of you.

Ivanka Trump: So it's really an honor to be here today to discuss that and to discuss the skills that are needed in your States and on how we can help you. So thank you for being here.

Ivanka Trump: Thank you very much. Thanks, Ivanka. Governor?

Gary Herbert: Mr. President, thank you for hosting this program. To be here with you, as always, and thanks for what you're doing. I'll just add in the conversation by saying this, you've done a lot of good things to help improve America's outcome. Make America Great was a slogan becoming a reality.

Gary Herbert: What I really appreciate though is that you have, in fact, reached out to the States. The Vice President Michael Pence said to me, "The thinking should be, is this something that the State should be involved in? It's something the State should do, and get away from Washington D.C. I think the trap we find ourselves in too much in Washington is this one-size-fits-all mentality. Not respecting the differences the States having in different regions, different demographics, different culture, different politics.

Gary Herbert: But your administration, much better than the previous administration, has reached out to States and said, "We want to know what you think, what you can do. And maybe put more responsibility back to the States." That's, I think, a secret for continued success for this country.

Donald Trump: Great. Great job. How is the million square miles that we just gave over? Sitted over you.

Donald Trump: How's that doing? Everything good?

Gary Herbert: You know. Again, the public land stays public land.

Donald Trump: Yes.

Gary Herbert: We want to make sure that the narrative is such that it's always been propaganda will continue. It's just going to be better for the local people. As far as how we can manage and help the federal government manage it, particularly when it comes to the needs for the Navajos and the name of Americans.

Donald Trump: Right.

Gary Herbert: This is really a win-win, so we thank you very much for what you've done.

Donald Trump: I've had so many calls from people in Utah. They're so happy about, you know, what took place. They never thought it was gonna happen.

Gary Herbert: Finally, somebody in Washington was paying attention to the public landscapes. We're not many, we're just a few. And if you're east of the Rocky Mountains, "Rocky Mountains, what's that?" But in Rocky Mountains West it's a big deal for us for endangered species, access energy involvement, you know, tourism and travel and all those things need be put together in a balanced approach with common sense, and you've helped bring common sense.

Donald Trump: Well, you two great senators pushed me very hard on that and when I looked at it I said that it's a natural so it's good. So say hello to everybody.

Gary Herbert: I will do that and, I think, you sure will have a lot of friends who will support you too.

Donald Trump: Good. I think you'll be excellent. I endorsed him and...

Gary Herbert: [Inaudible] and he has mentioned that.

Donald Trump: Good. Guy's good. It's gotta be working Say hello to everybody. Thank you, Governor.

Butch Otter: Mr. President, let me join with the rest of my colleagues, and thank you very much for this opportunity. A little bit about Idaho, first off, I've had more cabinet members in Idaho. I'm in my 11 and a half year as governor. Six years in Congress, 14 years as lieutenant governor.

Butch Otter: This is the first time, in all of that time, that I've had more cabinet members in Idaho, than ever before. Your folks, like Gary, like Utah, Idaho is  65% federal government, either for service or interior. And your folks have been fantastic.

Butch Otter: In fact, they govern more of Idaho than I do, as far as the land mass goes.

Donald Trump: It's probably true.

Butch Otter: But it really has been a -- on a big upswing for us. We're now 2.9% unemployment, the fastest growing State in the nation, in terms of numbers.

Donald Trump: Wow.

Butch Otter: The fastest growth in personal income in the nation, again, for another year. And right now our economy is rocking around 8.6%.

Donald Trump: Wow. That's fantastic.

Butch Otter: And I've got 500 million in the bank.

Donald Trump: That's fantastic.  Not bad, right? That's a little different than a lot of places.

Butch Otter: And I got a 67% funding -- pardon me, a 97% funding on my retirement fund.

Donald Trump: Well, that's good. That's good. You are doing well.

Donald Trump: You've done a fantastic job. Thank you very much for being here.

Butch Otter: Thank you.

Donald Trump: That's a great place. I like it. I guess they like me based on the numbers, but I'll tell you what, we've had great  experience there. What makes it so good? What's -- what's doing so well? Because you are just about at the top of the heap in terms of percentage game.

Donald Trump: What's making it so good?

Butch Otter: One of the things that we did in 2009, I created the first community college in Idaho for workforce development.

Ivanka Trump: Yeah.

Butch Otter: Because I had a bunch of jobs that couldn't fill. Even though I was at like 2.9, pardon me, I was at 9.2% unemployment at the time, but we -- we had the jobs but we just didn't have the skills. So I created this community college called the College of Western Idaho about eight miles from where I was born, and we started off with 1,500 students. Today we got 33,000 students.

Donald Trump: Wow.

Butch Otter: So I created another community college, so every portal of education, every board of skill development for the needs of our workforce were creating, and right now my workforce is over 850,000. That was less than 700,000 when I became governor.

Donald Trump: Fantastic job. Great.

Butch Otter: I'm proud of it.

Donald Trump: Mike.

Mike Pence: Well, Mr. President, I just join you in saying it's a privilege to welcome some of America's most outstanding governors back to the White House and Governor Parson welcome on your first time in this capacity as well. I think, Governor Herbert said it well. We have a president who believes in State-based innovation and reform. And these governors represent some of the best and most dynamic leadership we've we've seen your states not only prosper.

Mike Pence: As you've advanced policies at the state level, taking the new freedom and flexibility this administration has given you in so many ways to improve the lives of the people of your state, but also I want to express our appreciation for the way in good times and in challenging times, the governors sitting around this table, have worked closely with this administration on behalf of the American people. So I just extend the warm welcome of the President, our whole administration, each one of you and thanks for your great leadership.

Donald Trump: Thank you, Mike. So Scott Walker has done an incredible job as governor and I went to Scott and said, "Scott, I think we have Foxconn we can get him." And when I thought Foxconn --  now, Foxconn makes the laptops and the iPhones for Apple and it's one of the great companies of the world, one of the biggest companies in the world. And I said a long time ago that Tim Cook of Apple, who said, I will not be satisfied until you start building your plants and others start building again.

Donald Trump: You are really -- as usual you're the first -- they are building the biggest plant you've ever seen in Wisconsin, and you know, when I gave them over to you, I said, "I don't have to make another call because it was like a vice, right? And you pulled it off. So I want to congratulate Scott Walker. That it's going to be -- what's 15,000 jobs, I think, in that one place, and they're going to be -- from what I'm hearing they're already talking about expansion.

Donald Trump: And we flew over a site and it was very interesting together. I said, "What's that?" That was a car company that had left this big site. Good location.

Donald Trump: I said, "That would be good." And you said, "That's the site." But when I handed them over to Scott Walker it was over. I didn't have to waste any more time, right? You took it over, and they're building -- How far advanced are they?

Scott Walker: Well, the great thing is they've already started moving around preparing the site. Wilbur Ross was great to have me and we brought one of the individuals in for Foxconn today at SelectUSA and highlighted that. It's the largest economic project in the State's history. One of the largest in American history.

Scott Walker: It's the largest foreign direct investment in America. It would not have happened without you. You brought it to America.

Scott Walker: We just grabbed the ball and ran from there. And so we're absolutely thrilled about that. We know it would not just because the jobs, it will be the ripple effect, right? It's all the others -- good example, Oshkosh Corporation, which is also based obviously in Wisconsin. They make most of the armored vehicles for the military.

Scott Walker: They do business every year with about 700 companies in our state and 140 different communities about $300 million  a year with the business. When Foxconn is fully operational, they do four times that. So it's just a massive effect all across State, and really across the Midwest. So the two quick things for you to say --  thank you, just having us here today. One, Ivanka, you talked about might you joined us at one of our technical colleges with you Mr.

Scott Walker: President. In advance of Foxconn comment, we've got 2.8% unemployment, the lowest we've ever had in the history of the state, one of the lowest in America. It's a workforce for us, this is critically important. We've more than doubled the amount of youth apprenticeships in our state. We're now -- our next stage is to take that into 7th and 8th grade to start academic and career plans, and sixth grade to young people look at career opportunities and then to get them right into apprenticeships, which I know is something you and the administration have been pushing.

Scott Walker: And the other thing is it hasn't come up here today, but I want to tell you personally, on behalf of the people of our state, thank you, because the tax cut in our state, the typical family, not what you hear in Washington, that our Department of Revenue has shown, a family of four, two parents working on average about $45,000 a pay, it's a good middle-class jobs.

Scott Walker: Two parents working, two kids at home, say $2,508 each year, because your tax cut, that is not crumbs. Those are real dollars that help working-class  families in our state. We appreciate it.

Donald Trump: Well, I appreciate it. I have to say about Scott Walker, he was the first one to tell me that they're having a hard time getting into Canada with dairy products, right? And Scott really brought it to my attention, better than anybody else could have been. We've got to get that situation straight. You know, it's not a pleasant thing but they've gotten away with it for a long time.

Donald Trump: And it's not fair where they send their product to us, but we can't send our product to them. And Scott Walker did not like it, and I don't like it. And we're going to get it fixed.

Donald Trump: So, let -- in -- particularly, let the farmers know that I'm with them. It may be a little bit of pain initially, but ultimately we're opening up markets that they never even thought possible. You know, Canada charges a 275% tariff with dairy products.

Donald Trump: You do a lot of dairy products, and that's not fair. That's like putting a barrier up. That's like saying, "Don't even bother." It's the same thing as a barrier.

Donald Trump: So you know, we're working on it, right?

Scott Walker: And I told Secretary Ross earlier today that the best thing you said at the G-7, the ultimate goal is to get rid of everything. You were brilliant to point that out. That's the ultimate answer.

Donald Trump: There was big tariff, guys, so I said, "I had an idea, folks. Get rid of all tariffs and all subsidies. Get rid of everything.

Donald Trump: Get rid of --  They weren't very fast to take that, right?  They weren't too fast. I wasn't surprised but they weren't. But a lot of people like that.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. Great job, Scott. Governor, you see his job? He's the Governor of Puerto Rico.

Ricardo Rossello: That's right. That's right. Thank you so much.

Donald Trump: I think we helped you a lot and you're doing a great job. You -- That is a tough job.

Ricardo Rossello: Thank you, Mr. President. Thank you for this opportunity and for allowing us to have constant communication with your staff.

Ricardo Rossello: I think it's been critical, so that we can voice our our concerns, so that big obstacle bus -- I know Doug over here has been very helpful. And you know, there's -- there's been some very challenging times in Puerto Rico,  I think everybody knows this, and we're now at a path where we're starting to reach normalcy. And now it's really been a big opportunity to rebuild.

Ricardo Rossello: First of all, I want to thank you for signing the supplemental bill that gives Puerto Rico the resources to rebuild. Then, we've had a phenomenal relationship with HUD. Now I would just like to take a few -- few seconds to voice at least what my vision for Puerto Rico is in the coming years.

Ricardo Rossello: Puerto Rico, as you see, the United States open for business. Let's -- let's take away the obstacles. Let's eliminate the bureaucracy, let them have the little scissors over there.

Ricardo Rossello: We have them in Puerto Rico as well. I see a Puerto Rico that becomes the connector of the Americas. Of course you know we're part of the United States. But we can expand in South and Central America as well.

Ricardo Rossello: It could be a very great opportunity. I see Puerto Rico as the center for the human cloud. Jobs are becoming geographically independent.

Ricardo Rossello: Folks, I think, are going to want to live in Puerto Rico, with all that we have to offer. And a platform for innovation and the last thing, Mr. President, is that I see Puerto Rico as a place for equal treatment.

Ricardo Rossello: And I want to state that, you know, everybody that's sitting on this table, most of all of the governors are governors of state, except for me. I'm the governor of a territory, and it is important, Mr. President, for you to know that our people, the people of Puerto Rico, have chosen twice in the past five years, that we don't want to be a territory anymore.

Ricardo Rossello: We want to be a state. We want to be treated in equal treatment. We want one American citizenship.Just one American citizenship, and I think this is a great legacy that your administration could pursue, that give a path forward to the people of Puerto Rico so that we can finally have that equality, and what we call the unfinished business of American democracy, and using your word, sir, you want to Make America Great again. I think, we can make it greater and expanding it to include Puerto Rico as the 51st state. Thank you.

Donald Trump: Well, thank you, Ricardo, very much. Ricardo is going to guarantee us two Republican Senators, right? Is that correct? Make that process very quick. Might be a very quick process.

Ricardo Rossello: I guarantee Puerto Rico will be a battleground state.

Donald Trump: You really worked very hard.

Ricardo Rossello: Thank you.

Donald Trump: We've been there together, and you know, Ricardo inherited a power plant that was virtually useless. And it was in bankruptcy, It's been in bankruptcy for a long period of time, and many other places where bankruptcy and tremendous amounts of money owed, and you got in, and you've been working really hard. He was very brilliant, he blamed the hurricane for destroying the power plant and he's doing very well. I'll tell you what, the people of Puerto Rico are being well represented by this man, because we like him and we respect him. And we are working on that power plant.

Donald Trump: It's, you know, it's very big numbers. It was bad before the hurricane, it was bad after the hurricane. But, you know, we have some great talent over there.

Donald Trump: But just say hello to the people there. They are great people, they've endured a lot. That was as bad -- a situation as I've ever seen.

Donald Trump: But it's getting done.

Ricardo Rossello: Yeah. Thank you for your commitment again. You've always answered our calls.

Ricardo Rossello: The Vice President as well, and your -- and your staff. And right now, I can -- I can announce that yesterday I signed the bill to empower the transformation and privatization of the energy grid, so that we can start not only making it a little bit better, but actually make it to a model of the American. So again, Puerto Rico is the place to be, and we want to be full-partners with the United States. That next step would be to become a state.

Donald Trump: Great job.

Ricardo Rossello: Thank you.

Donald Trump: Great job, Ricardo. Thank you very much.

Unidentified: Mr. President, we've got a great group of governors here today who want to work in partnership with you on opioids and combat the opioid epidemic on workforce apprenticeships, vocational training, and they're really good partners, and they want to help make their states better in partnership with you and your administration.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. And you know, while we have Alex here, and we did it a little while ago, but if you could give just a brief summary of what we've done on healthcare. Because it's so exciting, it's association healthcare.

Donald Trump: It's millions and millions of people. It's never been done on this scale and it's actually getting larger. It's going to take a tremendous group out of the disaster, known as Obamacare. And Alex Acosta, please.

Donald Trump: Secretary of Labor.

Alexander Acosta: Certainly, Mr. President. We're chatting about it briefly before you walked in. This is so important.

Alexander Acosta: The current healthcare system is really hard on the employees of small businesses. Their regulatory burden that Obamacare opposes on small businesses is so much greater on large companies. And if you think about it, why are we putting the regulatory burden on small businesses, of all instead of, you know, spreading it equally or reducing it equally.

Alexander Acosta: And so, association health plans allow all the small businesses around the nation by industry or by geography to band together and to access healthcare as if they're a large company. Same protections, same rules. The regulatory burden drops, and it drops substantially.

Alexander Acosta: Again, that same protections as those employees of the large companies, but less regulation, more scale, you can spread the administrative cost, you can spread the actual risk. This is a big deal. The estimates are between $1,900 and $2,900 in savings per employee.

Alexander Acosta: And just this morning, already Chambers of Commerce and states around the nation have stepped up and said, "We used to have these. We want to have these again."  And so, I'll be, you know, I'll be in Tennessee tomorrow, meeting with local small businesses and the Chambers and talking about this, and we've already talked about this in the context of Kentucky and Missouri, and you know, we are, you know, as I look around the table, we've been partners on so many issues, we know what issues in Indiana opioid issues. You know, our approach, the President's approach has been to work with each of you, the issues of Indiana and Idaho are different.

Alexander Acosta: You know, Puerto Rico and Oklahoma are different. It's not a one size fits all. We'll work with your states to make sure that these association health plans can flourish. It's going to save thousands of dollars per employee.

Donald Trump: It's going to be millions of people signing up, associations, and you can have an association of one, also. The way we have it. But it'll be millions of people.

Donald Trump: We're actually now expanding the groups and we're gonna start, and starting in a few months you'll get an even expanded group. It will be tremendously competitive. Will cost the government nothing and people will get a much better price than they ever dreamed possible.

Donald Trump: And It's a very, very exciting thing. It's as big as you've -- you'll ever See. And when the expansion goes into effect in a couple of months, that's going to really show something.

Donald Trump: So I want to just congratulate you Alex. You have done -- you worked so hard on this. But this will be millions of people become wealthy and use this as an alternative to the really failed Obamacare.

Donald Trump: And step by step that's being dismantled, essentially it's dismantled. Once we get rid of the individual mandate, which was such a disaster for all of you, the people had the privilege of paying a fortune so that they didn't have to buy insurance. OK, they got nothing. They just paid.

Donald Trump: And that's gone. And that's something we never think of, but we should. We should add that when we talk about the tax cuts, that's part of the tax cut. Nobody ever talks about adding that, where people were paying for the individual mandate a lot of money so that they don't have to go in and pay for healthcare.

Donald Trump: So they were paying not to have healthcare. If you add that to the tax benefit, which frankly, nobody ever thought of. But, I think, you could put that because it is the same tax-cut bill.

Donald Trump: So, I think, we should maybe put that down in the form of -- But Alex is so exciting. And people will save thousands and thousands of dollars and have much better healthcare than they had with Obamacare. Thank you very much.

Donald Trump: Kellyanne, can you say a couple of words about the opioids [Inaudible].

Kellyanne Conway: Yes. Thank you, Mr. President, Mr.

Kellyanne Conway: Vice President. All the governors around the table represent very different populations, they have different geography, politics, certainly demography, but they all share this crisis in common, and we call it the crisis next door. And Mr.

Kellyanne Conway: President, due to your leadership, just this week in Congress, where bills are being passed overwhelmingly bipartisan, Congress said previously parked-in your call to allocate $6 billion for opioid funding. That's on top of the SAMHSA grants, that's on top of Cure Act --Cures' 21st Century Cures Act. They're giving the resources that we need but we're also using the respect that is necessary also to help those in need, be stigmatized to break through that silence.

Kellyanne Conway: Many Americans tell us, Mr. President, that we're not punishing the drug traffickers enough and we're punishing the addicts too much, and through your leadership we are reversing that. The new ads are being broadcast in everybody's states and territories right now.

Kellyanne Conway: The first tranche of ads, we've partnered with the Ad Council, 75 year history. We partnered with the Truth Initiative, and also these bipartisan bills are going to give much needed relief. Your three-fun approach to this, prevention education including a 30% reduction in prescriptions over the next three years, is going to bend the curve in the right direction.

Kellyanne Conway: In addition, increasing access to treatment. Addiction, I think, overdose fevers and drugs, like naloxone, the governors in this -- in this room are by and large, getting a handle on that to make sure people have what they need. And then, of course, increasing interdiction of enforcement.

Kellyanne Conway: It's a sad commentary really that most Americans don't know what Fentanyl is, that's responsible for 20,000 deaths in 2016 alone. And just three weeks ago, out of Nebraska, there was a seizure of another Fentanyl to kill 26 million Americans. Twenty-six million.

Kellyanne Conway: And we don't get the message out there enough really as a society. The First Lady's be best platform also includes this as a very big piece, and I'm happy to say that the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid very recently provided guidance to the states on how best to use Medicaid dollars to help neonatal-abstinence-syndrome babies. We have 100 newborns every day born in this country, struggling for their first breaths. And I think the elevation that you and the First Lady and the entire cabinet legislatures and,  of course, your co-chief executives out in the states, the governors, is making a big difference.

Kellyanne Conway: Finally,  since Secretary Acosta is here, we're talking about workforce development. These go hand in hand. We have 6.7 million unfilled available jobs right now. Many people are are failing the drug tests and we're trying to treat the whole person.

Kellyanne Conway: This is why in addition to DHS, and DOJ, and the DEA, and obviously HHS, we've involved in our opioids cabin activity HUD and Department of Labor, so that we're treating the whole person. Connecting them to the skills training, the education, the opportunities they need, if they are fortunate enough to  go through drug court programs or treatment or recovery programs. Thank you, Mr.

Kellyanne Conway: President.

Donald Trump: Well, thank you very much. And you know, the First Lady is now is at the border.

Kellyanne Conway: Yes.

Donald Trump: Because she doesn't like what she was seeing, and I don't like what we were seeing, and we have to get together and do something on immigration. And as you folks know better than anybody, that has to take place very quickly. But she is there, and you work very closely with her.

Donald Trump: And I'll say something about Kelly, and she is a warrior. We can send her into the most unfriendly territory of media, and it's like, "Don't worry I would use -- but don't worry about it. Oh, I'd love to do it."  Whereas, other people would say, "Would you do so-and-so. Could you please pick Kellyanne."  You are a warrior, Kellyanne.

Donald Trump: Ane you have been for a long time.

Kellyanne Conway: I love the country Thank you for this opportunity to serve.

Donald Trump: Great success. Great. And Eric, you have very big shoes to fill for Mike.

Donald Trump: Eric is the Governor of Indiana and took my explains -- how's he doing, Mike? Good job?

Mike Parson: Excellent.

Donald Trump: Your word is very strong. Very strong. Eric.

Eric Holcomb: Thank you, Mr. President. Thank you for having us back and I have to be somewhat diplomatic about talking about all the records we're breaking in Indiana.

Mike Parson: Be careful, Eric.

Eric Holcomb: Especially the present company. Butt I'm proud to be at this table, proud to stand with you, and proud to be in the room with another Hoosier as Vice President. We're on a roll. Rockin' and rollin'.

Eric Holcomb: We're --  we've just had another record year of new job creation, brought an emphasis which is 3,000 new jobs coming to Indiana. You spoke to this -- the Vice President celebrating with us on that announcement. We've got a record breaking Roads and Bridges program, not debt-finance, it's all paid for. But the key is workforce development.

Eric Holcomb: Workforce development is economic development in today's world. We are so thankful that you -- As Pence said here, it's been said here multiple times, really trusting states. The Federal state partnership I don't think has ever been stronger in my experience, and I wanted to say thank you to your whole administration.

Eric Holcomb: Secretary Acosta went to our State multiple times and we just received a waiver that allows us to start driving the ship on workforce development programs. We have streamlined, aligned, integrated according to what our State's needs are. We're at 3.2% unemployment rate, that's about 105,000 Hoosiers. We've got about 105,000 unfilled jobs, that we've got to connect people to the skills to get to those jobs. They're waiting on them.

Eric Holcomb: This is going to allow us to do that faster, so we didn't -- we didn't have a day to waste. And you made it possible for not wasting any time, whatsoever. Thank you.

Donald Trump: Well, thank you. I think you're doing fantastically and I appreciate it. And Mary Fallin has been my friend, Governor of Oklahoma, and been my friend right from the beginning.

Mary Fallin: That's right.

Donald Trump: And I remember the speech, one of my earliest speeches, I called Mary, who said, "How many people are showing up?" She said, "At least 35,000." I said, "What?"  35,000. In the park. Remember the park?

Mary Fallin: Absolutely.

Donald Trump: What a scene that was. We had a bandshell and the people were surrounding it you couldn't see the other side. But Mary's been so incredible and done a great job as Governor of Oklahoma.

Donald Trump: And what would you like to say?

Mary Fallin: Well, thank you, Mr. President and Vice President. It's always great to see you two, and I have to say, I'm finishing up my last year as Governor State of Oklahoma. So I've had the opportunity to work with presidents before. But the amount of time that you, the Vice President, and your cabinet gives to the governors, is truly remarkable.

Mary Fallin: And I was sitting here thinking about how many times I've seen you in the past 30 days, or had an invitation at the White House the last 30 days, it's been about four or five times in 30 days. And that's pretty remarkable for a governor..

Donald Trump: Because you keep rejecting us. Otherwise...

Mary Fallin: That time, I was busy. Some time. You keep inviting me back.

Donald Trump: Right, right. I will

Mary Fallin: But in all seriousness, to be able to sit down like this with the governors one on one, and to hear from you about your vision, your policies, where you're going, which we've done quite a bit on this weekend with SelectUSA, and then have the opportunity to talk to you one on one about the issues and your individual states and how we can work together as a team, has really made a difference. I think it's why we're seeing strong growth [Inaudible] product growth, markets seeing your tax policies working across the nation, while we're seeing the engagement that your agencies are having on regulatory reform to create a better business climate, so that we can attract the jobs and have low-unemployment rates that we've been experiencing.

Mary Fallin: And then just your -- your voice, your advocacy, your leadership on important issues like opioids substance abuse, and here, the focus that you're putting on trying to get Americans back healthy, so they can hold their families together, get back into the workforce, and certainly stay out of our criminal justice system. And I know that just a month ago we had a Criminal Justice Reform summit that you hosted.

Mary Fallin: And what a difference we're making and the transformation being smart on crime, be it also keeping dangerous people off the streets, is really making a difference. And of course, the workforce issue is incredibly important, and your leadership, and your vision, your emphasis on apprenticeships and workforce training, and really reaching down to the younger folks, to show them all the different career opportunities is helping us fill those empty jobs, and being able to meet the needs of the employers, so we can grow jobs in America. So a lot of great things happening. The energy sector is coming back strong in State of Oklahoma.

Mary Fallin: We appreciate that. Thank you for all the policies that are making that possible in our states. So we appreciate the opportunity to be able to come and visit with you today, and look forward to having further discussions.

Donald Trump: Thank you, Mary. Oh, good. Such a great job you've done.

Donald Trump: These are terrific people, terrific and really successful governors and thank you all very much. Appreciate it. Thank you.

Unidentified: Thank you, everyone. We're leaving now.

Question: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: We're looking at the possibilities, we are all looking --  and with other leaders throughout the world, but we are all looking at the possibilities.

Question: Can you clarify if you are going to continue prosecuting families that come across the border. [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: We have to have a very tough policy, otherwise, you have millions and millions of people pouring into our country. We can't have that. We have no choice. We have to have a very strong border, if we don't, you'll  millions and millions of people -- Look what's happening today, look like child's play. It will be a terrible thing if we ever did that. So we have to be very, very strong on the border. If we don't do it, you'll be inundated with people and you really won't have a country anyway. You know, without borders you don't have a country.

Donald Trump: I've said it for a long time, and you would effectively not have a country. OK. Thank you very much.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much, everybody.