Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-theresa-may-united-kingdom-july-13-2018

Donald Trump: Do you want to start [inaudible]?

Theresa May: We have a lot to discuss. We're going to discuss our special relationship, which is great between the U.K. and the United States. We are going to discuss the real opportunities we have for the [Inaudible] trade deal coming up when we leave the European Union.

Theresa May: And of course we'll discuss foreign policy and defense and security issues. We work really closely together to the U.S. The United States is our longest-standing and deepest security and defense partner and we work great together.

Theresa May: The President did a very good job at NATO, in encouraging others to spend up to their commitment. We do, so... we both do of course. But others are now understand the importance of spending their 2% commitment to in NATO. So we've got a lot to talk about.

Donald Trump: Well we do, and the Prime Minister and I worked very hard together in NATO, and it was an incredible two days I think. It's never been more united. People are paying. We are two of the five that are totally paid up, but others are coming along rapidly. I think it was a very, very productive two days, and we arrived here last night.

Donald Trump: We had a dinner where I think we'd probably never developed a better relationship than the last time we spoke. We spoke for an hour, an hour and a half, and it was really something, and today we're talking trade, we're talking military.

Donald Trump: We just looked at some incredible anti-terrorism, things that are being done here in conjunction with United States, and the relationship is very, very strong. We really had a very good relationship, and I think we're going to do a news conference in a little while.

Donald Trump: So we'll answer your questions then, and right now we're going to be talking about some other things that are taking place in the Middle East and elsewhere. Okay? Thank you all very much. Thank you.