Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-bilateral-meeting-kuwait-al-sabah-september-5-2018

Donald Trump: Well, thank you very much. This is a working group with representatives of the Amir and Kuwait, and they're working on some very large transactions for the United States. And they've had that relationship in trade, but we're also talking about other things such as Qatar and -- coming back into the fold with UAE and, as you know, Saudi Arabia. That's been going on for a long time.

Donald Trump: And we're discussing that, along with many other situations. We are talking very much about Syria, Yemen. We are talking about Iran and the fact that they have not behaved well over the last number of years. No matter where I go in the Middle East, I see Iran is behind it. So we just can't let that happen. But we've had some very good discussions.

Donald Trump: Right now, we're going to be talking about terrorism, we're going to be talking about trade. And please be very, very careful -- we have the Amir sitting here, and you have a lot of media right behind you, so you don't have to look at them, but I do. [Laughter] You're very lucky. You're very lucky. I'd rather be in your position. [Laughter]. But it's an honor to have you. And thank you very much for being with us. Thank you everybody. Thank you very much for being here. Okay, thank you very much, everybody.

Question: Mr. President, sir, will you speak with the Special Counsel, sir?

Question: Mr. President, any comment on the trade deals that you're trying to work out here?

Donald Trump: I think we're going to have a very big trade deal. We have many, many trade deals. Are you talking about with Canada or with -- which trade deal are you talking about?

Question: Any one you want to talk about.

Donald Trump: We're dealing on many, many trade deals.

Question: How about the one with South Korea, sir?

Donald Trump: One of the trade deals we talk about always and constantly is with Kuwait and, generally, the Middle East. But we're really, right now, in very intense negotiations, I would say would be the word -- "intense" -- with Canada. We'll see how it works out. And if doesn't work out, that's going to be fine for the country, for our country. It won't be fine for Canada.

Donald Trump: But we love Canada. They're our next-door neighbor. We've had a great relationship with them for many, many years. But look, Canada has done very well with this relationship. And the United States, from an economic standpoint -- if you look at the tariffs that were put on our dairy products, and you look at the walls that were built up, in terms of barriers -- we have tremendous trade barriers, and we have not been treated fairly.

Donald Trump: So I think they will treat us fairly. I think we've come a long way toward them treating us fairly. But we're meeting right now with Canada. And over the next day or two we'll see what happens.

Donald Trump: We've already made a deal with Mexico, as you know. We're doing some other things with Mexico. I think that'll be very interesting. But the relationship is very good. I spoke with the new President, and I think that relationship is going to be really, really, very good. So thank you all very much. Appreciate it. Thank you.

Question: On trade, sir -- on trade, sir -- Mr. President, on trade with South Korea, did you want to pull out of that? On trade with South Korea.

Donald Trump: We have a deal with South Korea.

Question: Of course. Right.

Donald Trump: I read another phony thing in the book about a trade deal that certain people didn't want me to look at. We've made a deal with South Korea. It may be signed during the United Nations conference in a couple of weeks.

Donald Trump: The deal is done. It's been done with South Korea for a long time. It's been done for about two months. And we'll do a ceremonial signing over the next very short period of time.

Donald Trump: But that was another thing in the book that was just totally false. I mean, there was no -- it was actually a very reasonable deal and a fairly easy deal to make. It was a horrible deal to start off with for the United States. It was made by somebody that I happened to be running against at the time. And she made a deal that took a lot of jobs out of the United States, and we're making a deal that's going to bring a lot of jobs to the United States.

Donald Trump: But I've concluded the deal in South Korea, which is the deal that was referred to. And I think it's going to be a great deal. Hopefully it's a great deal for them, but it's going to be a fair deal for us. Very, very big improvement over what we had, because what we had was unacceptable. Thank you very much, everybody.

Question: Have you kept your promise to appoint judges who will overturn Roe v. Wade?

Donald Trump: I think what's happening is, on that subject and on other subjects, it's very interesting to watch. And I look forward to listening to Judge Kavanaugh discuss it. And I really think that -- I have to say, and as I've just said a little while ago, I think Brett Kavanaugh has really conducted himself in an incredibly positive manner. Great intellect. Great talent. A great judge. And I would suspect he will be approved very quickly after we're finished with the hearing. Thank you very much everybody. Thank you. Thank you.

Question: Yes, if he attacks Idlib.

Donald Trump: I think it's a very sad situation in Idlib and the province -- what's going on there. It's being surrounded, and they feel they have 35,000 of their enemy there. And yet, you have 3 million people living there.

Donald Trump: And I just tell you that they will hopefully be very, very judicious and careful, because the world is watching. That cannot be a slaughter. If it's a slaughter, the world is going to get very, very angry, and the United States is going to get very angry, too. Okay?

Question: So you're not going to allow it to happen.

Donald Trump: I am watching that very closely. So it's surrounded right now -- the province -- and it's surrounded by a lot of people with a lot of weapons. And these are innocent people. You have 3 million, at least, innocent people there. And you have to be very, very careful. And the world is watching, and the United States is watching very closely. Thank you very much, everybody.

Question: [Inaudible] the assassination of President Assad, as Woodward says in his book?

Donald Trump: What?

Question: Did you suggest the assassination of President Assad?

Donald Trump: Not at all. No, the book is fiction. I heard somewhere where they said the assassination of President Assad by the United States. Never even discussed. The book is total fiction, just like he wrote in the past about other Presidents. You look at what he said about President Bush, what he said about President Obama. Big, scandalous thing. Big -- it lasts for about a day.

Donald Trump: No, that was never even contemplated, nor would it be contemplated. And it should not have been written about in the book. It's just more fiction. The book is total fiction. Okay?

Question: Will you sue, sir?

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.