Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-friendship-document-signing-north-korea-june-12-2018

Donald Trump: So we're signing a very important document, a pretty comprehensive document, and we've had a really great term together, a great relationship. I'll be giving a news conference at 2:30, which is in a little bit less than two hours, and we'll discussint this at great length. In the meantime, I believe that they'll be handing it out on behalf of Chairman Kim and myself, and we're both very honored to sign the document. Thank you,

Donald Trump: Would you like to say something to the press?

Kim Jong-un: [Via Interpreter] Today, we had a historic meeting and decided to leave the past behind, and we are about to sign a historic document.The world will see a major change. I'd like to express my gratitude to President Trump to make this meeting happen. Thank you.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. Okay.

Question: Mr. President, did you agree to denuclearize?

Donald Trump: We're starting that process. Very quickly. very, very quickly, absolutely.

Question: Mr. President, 100% denuclearization?

Question: Did you talk about Otto Wambier?

Question: Mr. President, did they agree to give up their nuclear arms?

Donald Trump: You'll be seeing everything in just a little while. The letter that we're signing is very comprehensive and I think both sides are going to be very impressed with the result. A lot of goodwill went into this, a lot of work, a lot of preparation. I want to thank everybody on both sides. Secretary Pompeo and all of his counterparts, they were absolutely fantastic.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. It's fantastic. [Applause]

Donald Trump: Thank you very much everybody.  We'll see you a little bit later, and we're very proud of what took place today. I think our whole relationship with North Korea and the Korean Peninsula is -- it's going to be a very much different situation than it has in the past. Donald Trump

Donald Trump: I watched the various news reports. I would say far better than anybody even predicted, and this is going to lead to more and more and more, and it's an honor to be with you. Very great honor. Thank you. Thank you to all of your representatives very much.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much everybody. Thank you.

Question: Mr. President, will you invite Chairman Kim to the White House?

Donald Trump: Absolutely. I will. Thank you everybody. [Applause]