Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-coast-guard-thanskgiving-november-22-2018

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. It's an honor to be with you. I remember last year, same thing. I think the food is better this year. [Laughter] Maybe. Is everyone good? [Coast Guard members reply in the affirmative]

Donald Trump: [Video starts here] Happy Thanksgiving, to start off. I smelled the turkeys, and I smell everything and it's great to bring it over from Mar-a-Lago. We have tremendous respect for the job you do. And I think nobody has gone up more than the Coast Guard, when you look at the hurricanes in Texas -- in particular Texas, you saved so many people. But Texas and Florida, Puerto Rico, now North Carolina, South Carolina.

Donald Trump: But the job you've done is really fantastic. And there's -- nothing has gone -- if you were doing the brand, they would say this is one of the great brand increases. And I just want to congratulate you. Thousands of people saved.

Donald Trump: Are you enjoying it down here? This is -- I recognize some from last year, right? I assume you've gone up a little bit in rank, I hope, from last year? [Laughter]

Donald Trump: But anyway, do you guys have any questions? You have any questions you'd like to ask? You've covered it very nicely. [Laughter] Well, you always ask that last because that way nobody asks questions. [Laughter] If you start off by saying it --

Donald Trump: But it's an honor to be with you. I know we're going to take some pictures. And 42,000 in the Coast Guard, and saved a lot of lives this year. Over 4,000, I guess they're saying. Over 4,000 just this year. That's a tremendous amount of lives that you've saved. And I know what you have to do, and I see it in a lot of different forms.

Donald Trump: But I've seen the waters that you have to go through, and very few people could do it. It takes special people to do it. Very, very few people could do it. The bravery and all of the genius that's necessary. There's a genius to it.

Donald Trump: So, I just want to thank you. And enjoy the sandwiches. They look like -- they look like pretty good sandwiches. They look big. I don't want one. [Laughter] They look very -- like, very big. You gain about five pounds when you eat one of them.

Donald Trump: But I just want to thank you all very much. And let's go take some great pictures. And we're just celebrating the Coast Guard because it has to be celebrated.

Donald Trump: I made a -- I made a little speech up at your Coast Guard Academy. How many people went to the Coast Guard Academy from here? Where is all the Coast Guard Academy? Okay, good. Now I feel better. We did a big speech up there and we met some tremendous people. I'm surprised at -- I figured this whole room would have their hands up, right? So you went to a lot of other schools. Great schools. That's good. That's really good. It's an honor to be with all of you and thank you very much. And let's go have some fun. Where do you want to take them? Where would you -- right here?