Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-lunch-mohammad-bin-salman-saudi-arabia-march-20-2018

Donald Trump: It's an honor to have the Crown Prince of Saudi Arabia with us, and his representatives, many of whom I know and I met in May when we were over there, where a promise of $400 billion was made by Saudi Arabia for the purchase of our equipment and other things.

Donald Trump: And the relationship is probably the strongest it's ever been. We understand each other. Saudi Arabia is a very wealthy nation, and they're going to give the United States some of that wealth, hopefully, in the form of jobs, in the form of the purchase of the finest military equipment anywhere in the world. There's nobody even close.

Donald Trump: As I said before, when it comes to the missiles and the planes and all of the military equipment, there's nobody that even comes close to us in terms of technology and the quality of the equipment. And Saudi Arabia appreciates that. They've done tests of everything, and they appreciate it, and they understand it very well, probably better than most.

Donald Trump: So I just want to welcome you. It's a great honor to have you back again. Some tremendous things have happened for you since your last visit to the White House, when you were -- when you were the Crown Prince, and now you're beyond the Crown Prince.

Donald Trump: So I want to just congratulate you. I thought your father made a very wise decision. And I miss your father. A special man. And I know he's coming over soon. But we do miss him. And that was a very incredible two days, and we appreciate the investment in our country. And thank you very much.

Mohammad bin Salman: Thank you, Mr. President. We believe the same. I do believe that the opportunities, it's been huge. And we are trying also to tackle new opportunities to prepare the visit of His Majesty as soon as possible, with the new waves of opportunities in different area. And we believe we can do all the great things together.

Donald Trump: Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you, everybody.

Question: [Inaudible] the school shooting that happened earlier today in Maryland?

Donald Trump: Terrible. It's a terrible thing.