Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-safe-station-opioids-manchester-nh-march-19-2018

Donald Trump: Well, thank you all very much. we're at the SAFE station, which has become -- all over the country, people are coming here to see what they're doing here in New Hampshire, and we're talking today about drug addiction and drugs and opioids and all of the problems, and I think what I'm going to do is ask the chief, who has done an incredible job. He was here before the election. I said I was going to come back, and I came back.

Daniel Goonan: He said he was going to come back. A man of his word.

Donald Trump: So I'm going to ask chief just to say a few words about it, because it's really quite incredible.

Daniel Goonan: Well, thank you, thank you very much I'm very honored to have the President here, and the First Lady to kind of recognize what good work we're doing here at Manchester. A SAFE station is just one of those things. A SAFE station was open in -- in May of 2016 and we've had about 3,300 people come through, which is an instant access point to treatment.

Daniel Goonan: So basically we -- we have people come in, we don't -- you know -- we treat them with respect, a handshake, and we give them a shot at treatment about 100 percent of the time. That's all I can say. What they do that is up to them.

Daniel Goonan: But we do have a lot of treatment partners, [Inaudible] and, of course, the governor, the mayor. This is an all-hands-on-deck program. This is a crisis we're dealing with, and you know, for the most part everybody's on board with this program, and we're helping out. We're helping the community out and are proud of my fire department, andmy city and the efforts that we've done, and I think we're going to be a model for other places.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much

Daniel Goonan: Thank you sir.

Donald Trump: I also want to thank the governor and the mayor for being here and, perhaps, Governor Sununu, you'd say a few words.

Chris Sununu: Sure. Look, I say it all the time. New Hampshire was one of the first states to enter this opioid crisis, but we will be one of the first states to come out of it because of programs like SAFE stations. Because we're small, we're nimble. We try new things.

Chris Sununu: We have our recovery-friendly workplace program that we're rolling out. I've talked to the President about the strength of prevention programs, we really need to make sure that we're getting to the kids before the drug dealers are. I say that as a dad of three.

Chris Sununu: We really need to get behind this 100% in New Hampshire. Anything we can do to provide best practices in the model for the rest of the country and state... SAFE stations has really become the gold standard of access points and access to treatment, which we know is one of the most critical aspects of tackling the opioid crisis.

Chris Sununu: So it's just an absolute pleasure to have the President here, and have the opportunity to have him see firsthand some of the successes we've had in the state as we turn the tide against the our first responders. As you know, we're getting a big response in Congress for helping with opioid crisis, so Mr. President, we cannot thank you enough here.

Unidentified: [Inaudible] Our first responders are doing an amazing job. But we do need more help. So we are looking forward to you helping us with federal funds.

Unidentified: It's something that we desperately need. We've seen recovery and [Inaudible] in our city and at a time when people are suffering, we need help from the federal government [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: As you know we are getting a big response in Congress for helping with opioid and drug use that's literally taking place as we speak. So a lot of money's coming in and unfortunately, it's more than just the money, it's competence and some of the things they do.

Donald Trump: So I just want to thank you there and... and governor and chief and everybody that's here, maybe especially these incredible people that are working here and seeing, every day you see.. every you see some pretty tough things, right folks? Anybody wanted to say a little bit about what you do here? Go ahead.

Unidentified: Right here is where we process the people coming in and take your information, give them a safe feeling, comfortable feeling to come in and move on to the next steps where they have to go.

Donald Trump: And you save a lot of lives. I've been reading a lot about it. You save a lot of lives. So a lot of people coming from all over the country to check out exactly what you're doing Chief.

Daniel Goonan: Yeah, if that's true it's... we remove... one of the things that we do at the firehouse, we're here to help people, and there's really no stigma when you're coming in, and I think that's one of the keys for the fire department to be involved in this thing... crisis.

Daniel Goonan: But this is what we can do for a city. But, you know, certainly the drug crisis... crisis is a nationwide thing, and sometimes it's certainly above our pay grade. So we welcome the help of your administration and the federal government to help us climb out of this problem. Thank you sir.

Donald Trump: Thank you all very much. Thank you.