Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-shane-donald-bouvet-meeting-february-9-2018

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. Shane Bouvet was a big supporter. He worked hard for the campaign. Ran into great difficulty, but he wanted to the go to the Inauguration, and he threw everything he had -- he spent his last dime to get to the Inauguration.

Donald Trump: I read a story about it -- happened to be in The Washington Post, surprisingly. But I read a story about him. And it was a very inspiring story, how he literally -- I mean, every single penny he spent to be able to be at the Inauguration.

Donald Trump: And I met him. I said, "I'd like to meet him."" Nice young man

Donald Trump: Shane took the $10,000, and, rather than spending it on himself, he gave it to his father. And his father went to a very good cancer clinic or hospital because he was at hospitals before and they didn't do so well.

Donald Bouvet: Correct.

Donald Trump: It was a bad result. And they did a fantastic job, and Donald is now cancer-free. And I think it's an incredible story where a son would give 100 percent of the money to his father, who he loves, obviously.

Shane Bouvet: Absolutely.

Donald Trump: A hundred percent. He didn't say -- because I said, "How much did you give him."" He said

Donald Trump: His father then took the money and, because of some very good doctors and good talent, he is now cancer-free for 13 months. And they think they have it, right? It's in great shape. Donald, maybe you could just say a few words as to how that happened. That's an incredible son.

Donald Bouvet: Yes, I have a very incredible son. The cancer was bad, and I did go to hospitals around my area. And it came across a TV, so I called them. I didn't have the money to go.

Donald Trump: And he came home, and said -- well, first, I talked to Mr. Trump on the -- President Trump on the phone, and I couldn't believe it because he told me I had a cool name first, too -- [Laughter] -- and I said, "So do you

Donald Trump: And he wrote my son a $10,000 check -- for him, in his name. And when he got home, he said, "Dad

Donald Trump: It's very emotional because I've always told Shane and everybody I've talked to, no matter who is was -- one day I wanted to come here, or meet you somewhere, shake your hand, look you in the eye, and say, "Thank you for saving my life."" And I thank you from the bottom of my heart."

Donald Trump: I didn't know this full story. I just knew that Shane was somebody that really believed in what we were saying, and he fought so hard to be here at the Inauguration that weekend.

Donald Trump: I didn't know too much about your father having the difficulty. I knew about you having a difficulty, but that you would go home and take that and give it to your father to try and --

Shane Bouvet: Absolutely.

Donald Trump: -- recover from a prognosis which was really bad. This was bladder cancer.

Donald Bouvet: Yes, Sir.

Donald Trump: A really bad prognosis. I just tell you, I think it's fantastic.

Shane Bouvet: Thank you, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: And I heard that story, and I said, "That's a story the world should hear about -- about a great son."" I didn't think you were going to be giving your money to anybody except yourself. So

Shane Bouvet: Yeah, I want to thank Mr. President for everything and the blessings that he's done for me and my family.

Shane Bouvet: You know, my dad is life, liberty, the pursuit of happiness. We started out in a trailer, to a house, and, when he joined the military -- so I felt like it was my right to give him that check.

Shane Bouvet: He deserves it for his hard work and the [Inaudible] and I just want to give back to my dad. So I was glad to give him that check so he could get the treatments that he needed.

Donald Trump: Well, I just want to thank you. And I just think it's an incredible story. Very rarely do I hear a story like this. They were just coming in to say hello, and I didn't know much about the father. I just knew that we had a great supporter here.

Donald Bouvet: Two.

Donald Trump: And when I heard -- and now we have two. [Laughter] But I know we had two, even before. But when I heard about the illness, and -- the tremendous illness. Incredible. Incredible. Congratulate your doctors. And keep checking anyway. You know that, right?

Donald Bouvet: Yes.

Donald Trump: You keep checking anyway. But that is a tremendous story of the love of a father by his son. You just don't see it often.

Donald Trump: And one of the beautiful things -- I'm just sitting here, I'm saying, "But how much did you give him?"" I figured he'd say

Donald Trump: So I just want to thank you both -- Shane, Donald. I think it's an incredible story. Thank you. It's a beautiful story. Thank you very much.

Shane Bouvet: Thank you, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Thank you all very much. I appreciate it.

Question: Do you have a comment on Mr. Porter?

Donald Trump: Well, we wish him well. He worked very hard. I found out about it recently, and I was surprised by it. But we certainly wish him well.

Donald Trump: It's a, obviously, tough time for him. He did a very good job when he was in the White House. And we hope he has a wonderful career, and hopefully he will have a great career ahead of him. But it was very sad when we heard about it. And, certainly, he's also very sad.

Donald Trump: Now he also -- as you probably know, he says he's innocent, and I think you have to remember that. He said very strongly yesterday that he's innocent. So you'll have to talk to him about that. But we absolutely wish him well. Did a very good job while he was at the White House. Thank you very much everybody. Thank you.

Question: [Inaudible] memo?

Donald Trump: Yes. It's going to be released soon. We're going to release a letter soon. Thank you very much.