Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-leaked-recording-fundraiser-parnas-fruman-april-30-2018

Note: [This video was released by the attorney of Lev Parnas, Joseph Brody. It was recorded by Igor Fruman and reported to be from a fundraiser on April 30, 2018. Factba.se confirmed the fundraiser at the Trump International Hotel in Washington on that date, and the length of the video matches the duration of the meeting, as recorded iin White House pool reports. Name cards for Igor Fruman, Donald Trump and Donald Trump Jr. are visible on the table. Donald Trump and Lev Parnas were confirmed via the video, and Donald Trump's voice via voiceprint. Further, the recording was pointed at the ceiling most of the time, so was mostly audio only for analysis. Due to the quality of the recording, Donald Trump was the only voice identified in the recording. The remainder are tagged simply "Unidentified."]

Note: [Donald Trump and Lev Parnas were confirmed via the video, and Donald Trump's voice via voiceprint. Further, the recording was pointed at the ceiling most of the time, so was mostly audio only for analysis. Due to the quality of the recording, Donald Trump was the only voice identified in the recording. The remainder are tagged simply "Unidentified."]

Unidentified: Hey, come on.

Unidentified: Hi, guys.

Unidentified: Team.

Unidentified: First ever golf. There they go. My boys, OK.

Unidentified: Yes, sir.

Unidentified: Get in here, Benny.

Unidentified: Are you related to Jack Nicklaus?

Unidentified: That's my grandpa. Yeah.

Unidentified: Let me tell you what, he's a great guy.

Unidentified: Perfect.

Unidentified: Are you -- are you from Columbus yourself?

Unidentified: Yeah, we're from --

Unidentified: Well, actually we live in Murray.

Unidentified: Yeah. Absolutely. I was out there just this past weekend.

Unidentified: You're learning -- your affiliate?

Unidentified: Oh, Columbus, Ohio. Yeah. Yaeh.

Unidentified: Ohio.

Unidentified: Where do you live?

Unidentified: North [Inaudible] Florida. Yes, sir.

Unidentified: Well, the next time you would come -- if you give us your card. We have a really nice golf course.

Unidentified: Yeah. Are you a golfer?

Unidentified: It's great. I know I hear that lately.

Unidentified: It was crazy, right?

Unidentified: Right, Ohio?

Unidentified: We ended up owning the Country club as in that streets as --

Unidentified: Actually, I hear this from a friend of mine we're --

Unidentified: Yeah. Yeah.

Unidentified: He's going to sit in the middle.

Unidentified: Exactly. Yeah, hi.

Unidentified: But -- but it's really -- it started in 1916, so, it's a really old course, big trees. It's actually pretty challening.

Unidentified: Real big tall guy.

Unidentified: It is actually the original architect?

Unidentified: Yes. Yeah, top -- is what it is.

Unidentified: Wow.

Unidentified: Yeah. But it's really old. Yeah, it's 50 miles from Columbus, and then, couple of blocks from -- so, if you don't wish --

Unidentified: OK. we're going to go around.

Unidentified: Some people may not want their pictures taken.

Unidentified: All right.

Unidentified: Just be aware of that.

Unidentified: Just business, no, no other people. Don't worry.

Unidentified: Yeah. Yeah. We go to the airfield with them every year.

Unidentified: Yeah. Yeah.

Unidentified: OK. What's your entry at?

Unidentified: We made it actually [Inaudible] my dad in '66. Yes, we are. Yep, very much. Yeah.

Unidentified: U.S. Open, sure, yeah.

Unidentified: Yeah.

Unidentified: Well, you guys come out and seen it.

Unidentified: It's not too --

Unidentified: Beautiful outdoors.

Unidentified: Yes, it is. Yeah. Well, where we are is kind of like a very [Inaudible] the whole year. It's very nice.

Unidentified: Hi, everybody. Once again, the President. Thank you for being here.

Donald Trump: OK, thank you. Please, they're good genes. The Jack Nicklaus genes over there.

Unidentified: I'll get a puttin' lesson. I could use it.

Unidentified: I missed the golfing genes.

Donald Trump: So, Jackie is your father?

Unidentified: Yes, sir.

Donald Trump: So, he made -- I don't know if you've ever heard this before. He made the best speech -- one of the best speeches I've ever in the [Inaudible], right?

Unidentified: That was during the Congressional medal, right? Yes, sir.

Donald Trump: Right, the Congressional, whatever it is.

Unidentified: Yes, sir.

Donald Trump: The Freedom medal.

Unidentified: The Freedom medal. Yes, sir.

Donald Trump: The Freedom medal which is a big deal and your father made one of the best speeches I've ever seen.

Unidentified: Well, thank you.

Donald Trump: And that's pretty good. I've seen a lot of speeches.

Unidentified: I'm glad you said that.

Donald Trump: And then, I said are you a professional speaker? He said, no. I said then, maybe you should be.

Unidentified: Well, I'll tell you he's a -- he's usually very nervous in public speaking like I am right now. But -- no, we're very happy for him. He's a great -- thank you.

Donald Trump: OK. So, what is it? Your cousin or whatever had the whole in one the other day?

Unidentified: Yes, sir.

Donald Trump: That was something. His way looks good. How good a golfer is he?

Unidentified: Much better than me. Well --

Unidentified: He's a real player.

Donald Trump: He's way looked --

Unidentified: He's 15 years old.

Donald Trump: Yeah. He has the gene, I guess, right?

Unidentified: Yeah, it skipped me but --

Donald Trump: Why? Are you not that good of a golfer?

Unidentified: No, I could play but he is --

Unidentified: He's just good looking.

Donald Trump: What did you get down? What was your lowest handicap?

Unidentified: I'm a three right now.

Donald Trump: Yeah. See, a three would be a bad player.

Unidentified: No, it's a tough --

Unidentified: Everyone is inspired by a three even if your last name is Nicklaus.

Donald Trump: What's that?

Unidentified: 18 is the perfect handicap.

Donald Trump: Yeah. No, it's a great family. Say hello to all.

Unidentified: Yes, sir.

Donald Trump: A special guy.

Unidentified: Thank you.

Donald Trump: Special people. Thank you all very much. Great to be with you. You see what's happening. We're doing really well. I don't know why, I get nothing but bad publicity in the polls. But they are there at the highest level they've ever been since we've -- since we've been in office, and quite a bit higher than election day, which was pretty amazing. That was an amazing day, right?

Unidentified: Amazing. We were there. We were there.

Unidentified: It's truly a --

Donald Trump: I talked to your grandfather and I said, you know, what you did -- he said it was incredible. I said what you did was more incredible. You won 18 majors. He said no it's not. I said yes it is. I still say it's harder and more improbable to win 18 majors. It says Tiger, right?

Unidentified: Exactly.

Donald Trump: It's looking like it's going to be a tough one. But we're doing better than ever before and we're accomplishing a lot. The North Korea thing is moving along really well. We have a site now. You know, we picked a site. We announced pretty soon and a location plus a date, and he really wants to do something good. Part of the reason he wants to do two things. I mean, maybe the rhetoric and maybe we put sanctions like you wouldn't believe. The team is heading over to China today, tonight to work on the whole trade craziness because, you know, they've been averaging $500 billion a year.

Unidentified: Thank you for doing that.

Unidentified: Yes. Well, somebody has to --

Donald Trump: Brutal, you know, they're tough, but I always say, when you're $500 billion down you can't lose the trade war. You can't lose.

Unidentified: No.

Donald Trump: It's like somebody said today. But why -- you know because I'm doing a very aggressive thing, and then, thisis all sort of like off the record, right?

Unidentified: Yes.

Donald Trump: But they said why would you be doing that with China? Bah, bah, bah --  you could do much -- I said yeah, but much less as you get your -- this is like you're on a baseball team and it's the first inning and the other team scores 32 runs. What do you have to lose? What, when you start a new game the next day? 32 runs in the first inning because that's basically what it is. We're $500 billion down with China. We're $800 billion down throughout the world, $800 billion --

Unidentified: Per year?

Donald Trump: A year.

Unidentified: A year, wow, a year. Crazy, crazy.

Unidentified: It's a sad part about that.

Donald Trump: So, we're losing $800 billion a year. And then, you have the globalists that think that's OK but they're wrong. You know they think it's fine when a factory or a plant moves to Mexico and opens it up, and you lose 3,000 jobs in Michigan. It's not -- it's you know people, smart people they really believe in it, but you know, then you have other smart people that don't believe it and I'm one them.

Unidentified: Thank God.

Unidentified: Well, there is another world with steel in Ohio.

Donald Trump: Well, tell me and I hear steel is doing better now.

Unidentified: We definitely are. We have 15 plants in the U.S. making steel tubing, one in Canada originally. Yeah, I started -- I started in Canada, 19 years old, 2,300 employees and we're now the largest steel consumer in the U.S. We actually buy more steel thabn General Motors. But if we --

Donald Trump: So, we put very substantial tariffs on steel. We're putting -- we're doing pretty big numbers of stopping some of it from coming in. I don't want to stop too much because I don't want to run out of steel because the economy's doing really well. So, are you finding it's better now that -- because of what I'm doning?

Unidentified: So, there's no question. The price of domestic steel has gone up which has helped the domestic steel industry, which is where it needs to be. There's a healthy price, right. There's too low and too high.

Donald Trump: Right.

Unidentified: So, there's a healthy price where you can make nice returns and invest in the equipment and invest in the industry. We've certainly seen that on our product. The tariffs are definitely had an effect. The issue we still have is now that the price of domestic steel has gone up. Chinese steel still infiltrates. Everyone says China doesn't import a lot of steel.

Donald Trump: Yeah, they do.

Unidentified: They do. It's all backdoor. It's all [Inaudible] more. So, they're still using that steel to go through Thailand, through Taiwan. The worst, unfortunately, is South Korea and --

Donald Trump: Could you believe it?

Unidentified: Yeah. They pound a lot of steel.

Donald Trump: Were doing a big number for that. Can you believe this?

Unidentified: Well, what's amazing is, we spend billions of dollars to save them from North Korea and banks and we get is -- it's ruining our industry. But -- so, the tariffs are down --

Donald Trump: So, they do the transshipping, right?

Unidentified: Yes.

Donald Trump: So, they're transshipping what steel? China's steel?

Unidentified: Chinese steel, primarily.

Donald Trump: Yeah, and South Korea.

Unidentified: South Korea is worst, Thailand would be next.

Unidentified: Moscow steel, right?

Unidentified: South Korea.

Donald Trump: You know --

Unidentified: Moscow.

Donald Trump: How did we ever got involved in South Korea in the first place, you know? Tell me about it. How we ended up in the Korean war. We're fighting in the Korean war to keep these two places from --

Unidentified: They're over there. Don't give up now.

Unidentified: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

Unidentified: Have you ever heard anything yet?

Donald Trump: I mean, other than that, they're one of the toughest traders we do business with. They're probably tougher than China. They're just smaller. So, the numbers as well. We have a $32 billion deficit with South Korea.

Unidentified: Wow.

Donald Trump: And then they say, well, you know, people -- I asked the General. So, why do you think we're doing this? Sir, it's for trade. I said, well, listen $500 billion in that area. So, we're doing it for trade but we're losing $500 billion including China. We're losing $32 billion with South Korea. So, it's -- it's crazy. But you know it is what it is and it's coming out good, and a lot of good things are happening. And the trade deals are being renegotiated including the deal with South Korea.

Unidentified: The quote -- the quota --

Donald Trump: What do you make of the quota deal?

Unidentified: Well, while the quotas are the key.

Donald Trump: We lowered it by 30%.

Unidentified: Yes, that's absolutely key. If we can do that -- once you throw out your back --

Donald Trump: If you don't want to be at a point -- and one thing I know. I don't want to be at a point where we don't have enough steel in this country. All of a sudden steel triples. And that's --

Unidentified: Remember, I'm a steel buyer. I'm not a producer. So, I'm on the end of that, right? So, I have to compete to buy that steel and I don't want to have steel -- I don't want to be at a point where I don't have steel or -- so, I fully support steel prices going up in the steel industry being held because if I don't have them I'm dead.

Donald Trump: Right.

Unidentified: But the quotas throttle it back enough where we can sit there and have it --

Donald Trump: Did you know what we're doing with South Korea, 30%?

Unidentified: Yeah. Perfect.

Donald Trump: 30% back.

Unidentified: That that number if you use that number for most of the other bad players, what I call the dirty -- the dirty dozen, if you will, that would solve everything.

Donald Trump: Don't forget. You know when I do the tariffs and nobody talks about it. They talk about jobs and talk about steel. Now, steel's been doing much better, and like if your steel's opening up like for plants now, which is unthinkable. They haven't done it in 30 years. Don't forget that the country has taken in billions of dollars. You know nobody talks about that. When you charge 25% and 15% or 10% for aluminum, and all that stuff is pouring in, and you're charging a 25% tax on the steel that's coming in. We're taking it as a country, billions of dollars, nobody talks about that. They talk about jobs and they talk about steel plants. But to me the big thing, I mean, we're taking in billions and billions of dollars for doing nothing. We're also negotiating deals that we could have never negotiated because countries are now coming to us begging to negotiate deals that have been screwing us for years. They screw us so badly it's hard to believe. And now they're coming, we'd like to talk like the European Union.

Unidentified: Yeah.

Donald Trump: It's a beauty. And so, we will make with anybody, we lose with everybody.

Unidentified: Mr. President --

Donald Trump: We're about two countries, one sells us lemons, Argentina. We made about $3.00 with Argentina. We have actually a deficit of -- trade deficit $800 billion, think of it, $800 billion included.

Unidentified: Mr. President, we were the first company ever to beat China at the WTO and [Inaudible] when we went there and explained the case --

Donald Trump: Well, the WTO is the problem.

Unidentified: It is the problem, no question.

Donald Trump: Without the WTO China is --

Unidentified: But we beat China and all they did was transship the steel --

Donald Trump: That's right. They go to a different location.

Unidentified: And ship it in through 11 different --

Donald Trump: They got all sorts of ways. Plus it ends, it ends.

Unidentified: And -- and look, our company does well and we're very happy, but we could employ another thousand people, making $70,000 - $80,000 -- $100,000 a year.

Donald Trump: If it was more expensive.

Unidentified: If -- if we could -- we could probably for a fact the rock quantum of these imports coming in. We would absolutely -- I have three plants now. They're completely idle, closed because of South Korean and Thailand. I would open them up overnight if those -- if those imports were throttled back. And what we've seen in March and April, actually, have gone -- they've gone up because they're trying to beat the deadline and we'll see if they throttle back. And supposedly, they're using up their quotas, which hopefully, start January 1 of this year and they use up. But we would have another 700 to 1,000 people working for us.

Donald Trump: Well, we're going to -- you're going to see prices go up. You're going to see, hopefully, not too much. See, I have a theory that if we didn't put quotas on, China subsidizes their steel, and they have to. If we didn't see quotas, the steel wouldn't even go up.

Unidentified: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Because they'll put more money into it even with the 25% tariffs.

Unidentified: Yes.

Donald Trump: It's still not going to go up because they'll just put more money into it and we take in a lot of money. You know we make a fortune on it. So, we'll see. Aluminum has gone down. I put a 10% tax on aluminum coming in. It's actually gone down 4%. Now it's about even, but it actually started going down for us. So, it's been -- it's been pretty well. We're going to have -- I think we're going to have some very good times. But we have some very big trade deals to worry about. That China, you know, when they hear what we're proposing --

Unidentified: They're not going to be happy.

Donald Trump: They're not going to be too happy.

Unidentified: No, I don't think so.

Unidentified: Are you hoping to discipline them with the WTO, eventually?

Donald Trump: Well, the WTO -- Against

Unidentified: They steal everything. They cheat and lie --

Donald Trump: Yeah, well, the WTO is worse than them.

Unidentified: Yeah.

Donald Trump: WTO started in their pocket. Well, the people that made the deal with the WTO were not smart people. They made a deal with the WTO where we lose every lawsuit until the last year. In the last year, we've won every lawsuit because they all think I'm going to pull our country out. You know we're like the punching bag. We're like the dummies that get punched in the face all day long and come back for more. And -- but they now know that I'm like -- I get the WTO. China didn't become great until the WTO. From the day they joined the WTO, which was a Clinton disaster, they went up like a rocket ship. They were this way for a thousand years, and then, they got into the WTO and they've taken over. Hey, look, I give him credit.

Unidentified: Well, they have taken advantage.

Donald Trump: Yeah. But I give them credit. So --

Unidentified: We let them.

Donald Trump: I --

Unidentified: Not against us --

Unidentified: Yeah. We gave them -- know

Donald Trump: Our former leaders are great geniuses that allowed it to happen.

Unidentified: Excatly. Looks knowledgeable.

Donald Trump: Bush, Bush, he gets us into the war. He gets us into the Middle East. That was a beauty. The Middle East -- so we're into the Middle East right now for $7 trillion.

Unidentified: Wow.

Donald Trump: And if you want to fix a window on a school they don't have the money. You know, it's like we're into the Middle East as of this moment for $7 trillion that's over 18 years.

Unidentified: Did we borrow that from China?

Donald Trump: Yeah, well --

Unidentified: Probably.

Unidentified: It's no big deal.

Donald Trump: Well, that's the beauty of it. China rips us off --

Unidentified: What of?

Donald Trump: China rips us off for years and we owe them $2 trillion.

Unidentified: Incredible.

Donald Trump: $2 trillion worth of our [Inaudible]

Unidentified: Maybe we should just call it even.

Donald Trump: Yeah. Well, eventually, that's what --

Unidentified: Maybe they manipulated the currency to get there.

Donald Trump: So, the WTO allowed China to do what they've done. The WTO was a weapon to hurt the United States to allow people to enrich themselves and European Union is the same thing. The European Union is a group of countries that got together to screw the United States.

Unidentified: Survivals are [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: And frankly, they're probably worse than China in a sense just smaller, and worse than China in the sense of barriers. We lose $151 billion with them.

Unidentified: Maybe not so much us coffee, you know, because China does that.

Donald Trump: No, but the European Union were big. You know it doesn't sound like it. You know, the European Union were all sort of from there, right? But it's -- the European Union's brutal. But we're changing that rapidly, too. They have -- they can't even believe it. So, we're having fun. You know it's good is what I believe.

Unidentified: I think resolve -- it's finally going to be resolved.

Donald Trump: Well, but you know people that work for them either just show -- they want to make these deals that are just nothing. Just you know, they're just -- not only me, you know, Congress where they come, please don't go after NAFTA too hard. I said I'd like to terminate it, you know.

Unidentified: Right.

Donald Trump: Oh my God, they look petrified because they know what they have. You know like the farmers who are great, actually. But the farmers know what they have. And they've been on a downward trend for 15 years. So, you know you guys are at a downward trend. You can be at an upward trend, but to do that you have to shake it up, meaning you terminate a couple of deals like NAFTA. NAFTA's the worst deal we ever made. I think the WTO is actually the worst. I think the World Trade Organization maybe is worse because it allowed China to kill us. But we don't have any good ones. Hillary Clinton made a deal with the South Koreans. You know that was the South Korea. You know that deal that was a Hillary special. We're going to make 250,000 jobs and she was right for South Korea.

Unidentified: Will that be -- will that ba half a million?

Donald Trump: She said this is going to create 250,000 -- 250,000 jobs and she was right.

Unidentified: It did decide --

Unidentified: Were you signed off on that deal?

Donald Trump: How's your golf club over there?

Unidentified: Golf club is doing great.

Donald Trump: Have you seen it? Have you seen it?

Unidentified: Yes, sir.

Unidentified: Oh, it's fantastic.

Donald Trump: Is that where they had the -- what?

Unidentified: President's Cup.

Unidentified: President's Cup was there in 2015.

Unidentified: President's Cup was there, yeah, 2015.

Donald Trump: How do you like the President's Cup?

Unidentified: Loved it, loved it.

Donald Trump: So, the President's Cup has never beat the Ryder's Cup.

Unidentified: That's right.

Donald Trump: And you'd think the concept is better. The Ryder Cup is the most unbelievable sporting event. The President's Cup is good but it's never been the same, and you would think the concept is better.

Unidentified: Concept is better but --

Unidentified: The rest of the world, but the competition is not quite there as it in Europe.

Donald Trump: Do you know what doesn't make sense? So, we're playing Britain or whatever U.K. and that competition is tougher than when we play the world. Figure that one out, right?

Unidentified: When golf began --

Unidentified: I don't know what to tell you.

Donald Trump: No, but isn't that right?

Unidentified: It is grand.

Donald Trump: I've won every President's Cup but the Ryder Cup is tough to win. The Ryder Cup is only like in the U.K. But the spirit at the Ryder Cup is really a unique experience and the President's Cup so far has never captured it.

Unidentified: But I would tell you it was an amazing venue for Korea, never been to Asia. It's been in Australia.

Donald Trump: Don't we have a women's serve into the big one?

Unidentified: They have a -- it's called The Crown. The LPGA Crown and it's -- it's eight nations. You have four-player teams, women's and it's U.S., Germany, Spain, Korea, etc. It's being held at the Jack Nicklaus Golf Club this fall.

Donald Trump: How is it doing? How's business over there, good?

Unidentified: The golf is unbelievable. The collusion and the corruption with the government is horrendous. We're getting screwed. Oh, we're getting screwed so badly and --

Donald Trump: I wrote you a letter of recommendation, right?

Unidentified: I spoke to my grandpa two days ago, three days ago, he was very appreciative and gracious of you're reaching out on his behalf.

Donald Trump: Well, no, that letter is fine. I mean, I know they have the letter because the President told me he got the letter. So, they must be treating you pretty good. But --

Unidentified: For eight years of Obama, I went up the same chain and I'm suffering out there, OK? I took a chance and took a risk, eight years, and the guy finally hit commerce. Don't waste your time. The President is not interested in helping business. It's true. I go to you one time, picked up with --

Donald Trump: It must be tough -- it must be tough dealing with these people.

Unidentified: No, but I'll tell you what, we have come -- that is all part of the Free Trade Agreement. Don't sign that agreement. Don't sign that agreement until it's time, but also --

Unidentified: That's the other great --

Unidentified: And you know, Jack and I worked together.

Donald Trump: Right.

Unidentified: He has another message for you.

Donald Trump: Go ahead.

Unidentified: Well, you know, you kind of preface the conversation here. You've chosen a spot for your meeting with Kim Jong-un and the North Korean leadership in the coming months, but if you would consider a song go for -- song does the city that stands, you know, the 70% owner and the master planner of my family, specifically, the Gaels as well be honored if you would consider it. You know, there's a --

Donald Trump: We're very far down the line but I --

Unidentified: Are you?

Donald Trump: You know that Kim Jong-un is a great golfer. You know that, right?

Unidentified: Do your best -- best in a row.

Unidentified: First record, 18 days.

Unidentified: It's all going like this to meet you.

Unidentified: It's true. It's all going great. He wants to be the President. He would like to be you.

Donald Trump: He at least looked like a beginner. Did you ever hear that? He shot an 18, you know.

Unidentified: That was his first round wasn't it? Was that the father or the grandfather?

Donald Trump: This is one weird deal.

Unidentified: It's that rocket driver of his.

Unidentified: It was actually his [Inaudible] who they said shot an 18.

Unidentified: Whole in one in his first hole.

Unidentified: Yeah.

Unidentified: If I get the best line ever I didn't call him short and fat. OK. That's right.

Unidentified: That is a great line.

Unidentified: Are you guys crazy?

Unidentified: I think the best one is he sees the prize when they're talking about the Nobel Prize because it was very --

Unidentified: Absolutely. I mean --

Donald Trump: Well, you know the funny thing was that the -- thank you, fellas. How's good -- business is good? Look at this. Business is good, right? Look, see that? They don't want [Inaudible]. No, it's -- he said today that Trump should get the -- President Trump should get the Nobel Prize. I said it's a little early. Of course, Obama got it and never did anything, right?

Unidentified: I still don't know --

Unidentified: They have done nothing in eight days in.

Donald Trump: He got it for winning the election.

Unidentified: Yeah. That's exactly right for his election. That's the only reason he got it.

Unidentified: In 2008, we shipped 125,000 tons worth of border fence, border wall.

Donald Trump: Right.

Unidentified: And that started up again. We just started shipping a --

Donald Trump: Well, good.

Unidentified: Over 20,000 tons of tubing for that wall replacement --

Donald Trump: Is that the square tubing?

Unidentified: Yes, that's what we make. So, we're the --

Donald Trump: Are you doing a shiny finish or are we doing a rust --

Unidentified: No, we're at that basic black finish. And then, they take the --

Donald Trump: I can't believe how they can plant that thing.

Unidentified: Yeah, they do. But we are now -- we have learned that that new design would be great. But it's a fantastic boom for the for the steel industry in US and we're proud of being a supplier.

Donald Trump: That's great. Are you doing that with the Army Corps of Engineers?

Unidentified: No, in '08 we did it with Boeing, actually. But now, we're doing it through companies like Gibraltar Steel and others fabricators bid on that all Americans steel, all American jobs.

Donald Trump: Well, it's going up.

Unidentified: Yeah. We're very proud.

Donald Trump: Do you see what's going on on the border there? Can you believe it?

Unidentified: Yes. That's incredible.

Unidentified: Good thing Obama is not President.

Unidentified: They never identified the problem.

Donald Trump: When you take a look at them. We have thousands of people and if you really look, take the wall down, they're just walking in. You can see it.

Unidentified: Clearly.

Donald Trump: Now a few people can get up. It's amazing that they can shimmy up that steel though. Now, that's old stuff that's rough on the outside and rusting and it's taking a long time.

Unidentified: They galvanized to -- they have to galvanize.

Donald Trump: They do have to be able to see through the wall I think. Did you see them? If you can't see through wall that's a problem because you won't know what's on the other side.

Unidentified: That's right.

Unidentified: Every border agent tells us that. They want to be able to see what's coming.

Donald Trump: So, I really want a concrete wall, 30-feet high, pretty slick outside. But yesterday, you know, they actually said that these drug dealers, it's so dangerous they have to have a solid wall. Because they take the drugs and it weighs 100 pounds approximately, in their bags and their satchel. They call it a satchel. And they throw it over -- they throw it out over the wall and it goes over the wall, and it will land on a guy's head and he goes, walks away.

Unidentified: Wow.

Unidentified: Our border guys?

Donald Trump: Yeah. No, our border guys will be walking and they throw it from once -- some of it you can't see through the wall. They throw the drugs -- they have a catapult. They throw it over the wall and it lands on the other side of the wall, and it can hit people. Can you imagine you get hit with 100 pounds of [Inaudible]?

Unidentified: I feel like you're saying no matter what is on the other side they were very smart to begin with so.

Donald Trump: They usually have the deals on the other side waiting.

Unidentified: You have that right.

Donald Trump: But when they see the border guys they -- so they head out. The whole thing is preposterous but I would have loved to have seen a concrete wall. You just get --

Unidentified: The whole thing in California is preposterous with these --

Unidentified: I mean, you've seen the design so -- and it slows them down. Pretty close to migrate over so they could get that --

Donald Trump: Oh, it slows them down. But we actually have the new one is like that but now it's stronger.

Unidentified: Right.

Donald Trump: It's got the thing. It's got nothing in between, it's held in the ground like flagpoles and it's got very strong points at the top. That would be much tougher.

Unidentified: What is that wall?

Donald Trump: It's like pointed, yeah, wall.

Unidentified: No, the point there they're just like a diamond corner to corner and they can't.

Unidentified: You've got the -- you've got all of the clarifications on the supply --

Donald Trump: And how sharp is that on top?

Unidentified: Very sharp. I mean, it's a razor.

Donald Trump: That's pretty cool.

Unidentified: Yeah. Yeah, it is. Cut on -- cut on a tube laser.

Donald Trump: It's very hard to shimmy over that side.

Unidentified: Here from here to here, not dropping over. All right.

Unidentified: Are you OK with the --

Donald Trump: [Inaudible] it's a nice one. Huh?

Unidentified: And you have these --

Donald Trump: Yeah. You have these sauce.

Unidentified: So, Mr. President, how are we going to win that midterm election? Do you have a lot more power?

Donald Trump: Well, I know. It's -- as you know, most times you don't. But I think the economy is so good -- that's good. That's fine. I think the economy is so good that we're going to do much better than people. We have -- you know I guess it's complacency. Something happens when you win the Presidency, and then, you go on and win the Presidency three years after that. History -- it's almost like 100%. It's a lot and there's nothing 100%. I think 93% of the time they lose the midterms. But I think that you know, look, we have to see what the economy is in a few months.

Unidentified: It's going to be good for me.

Donald Trump: I think so, right?

Unidentified: It's economy --

Donald Trump: You know the stock market's up 40% since I won. Actually, the economy is actually better than that.

Unidentified: We -- I got into a discussion with someone in real estate about immigration. But I like -- I like having President Trump except for immigration. We need people over here. And I said, of course we do. What is -- what did President Trump say that we needed immigration? I said look, let me put it to you in a really easy example. You're in real estate, you own buildings, you have a water main that comes into the building. You need water and clean water in the buildings that you run. Like what do you do when the water main breaks? How do you fix it? The way you shut it off. I said yeah, you shut it off, and then, you fix it and then you turn it back on and you bring nice water in. You don't shove a pump into the basement and pump it up while it's still broken. I said that's what President Trump wants to do. The water main's broken. We need to shut it off, fix it, and bring the water back into the building.

Unidentified: It's all American. You need someone who's going to come here who can actually contribute, not just one couple. I mean it doesn't work like that.

Unidentified: Nobody wants to come here without reason.

Unidentified: Hey, it's free.

Unidentified: Do you see what's going on in Dearborn, Michigan? It's unbelievable. Unbelievable. It's unbelievable.

Unidentified: Because of the whole Islamic thing?

Unidentified: It's unbelievable.

Unidentified: What about the Century City. That's completely credible. Like you live in different world.

Unidentified: It's all changing. They're changing. They realize it's terrible.

Unidentified: Yeah. It is true.

Donald Trump: This whole caravan as a positive thing because it's showing people how crazy it is.

Unidentified: Where is it now? Are they at wall waiting?

Donald Trump: Yeah. They have [Inaudible] area.

Unidentified: But these aren't the base that's going win the House or the Senate. The people that came to the voting booth since the meeting need to wake up with, you know, from you, from help and that they'll be complacent.

Unidentified: Well, part of our job is to make sure that they realize that just because he is not on the ticket, doesn't mean that he's not on the ticket. Right. Because he is on the ticket.

Donald Trump: But they won the race in Arizona three nights ago. Of course, we're getting no credit for that because I won it by 22, so, he won it by six.

Unidentified: So even here by --

Donald Trump: I would have taken the -- two votes is OK, as far as I'm concerned. But you know the headliners are there was much more -- and you know, we won six of them and nobody talks about it. We won six special races. I think we lost one, you know, one isn't so bad.

Unidentified: One more run, one more.

Donald Trump: No that was different.

Unidentified: That was -- yeah.

Unidentified: Listen, two and a half years ago when I was with Goldman Sachs and I said President Trump, you know, Trump's going to be elected. They said you're crazy. I said that's what I genuinely want and they all sat there and they thought I was nuts. Then they go, why do you think that? I said because I'm in the frontline. I see what's going on. I see what the real workers, the forgotten people want. You know, not everybody can work in Silicon Valley. I'm not going to retrain someone in Sharon, Pennsylvania to go to Silicon Valley. They're 55 years old. They can't [Inaudible] out there. They deserve to earn a good living. What's wrong with working with your hands? And you know, my point is sure enough. You did and that night we were jumping up and down with our feet on the bed and I'm texting these guys at Goldman Sachs saying I told you, I told you.

Donald Trump: So, that was the most exciting evening.

Unidentified: That was incredible. You can't believe the poll.

Donald Trump: ESPN said that was the greatest sporting event in history.

Unidentified: That's what it was, a sporting event.

Donald Trump: It just didn't stop. It was so high. It was this one --

Unidentified: Standing up there and watching each one --

Unidentified: At Pennsylvania, at 99% with you had like three votes left.

Unidentified: And you know and we we're watching you and we were like will they try to do everything that's announced.

Unidentified: CNN just tripped.

Unidentified: Yes, they were there.

Unidentified: I was there, absolutely.

Unidentified: Honestly, they were going more crazy.

Unidentified: Mr. President, I got a thousand --

Donald Trump: The press is now more crazy everyday.

Unidentified: I got a thousand employees in Pennsylvania and a hard hat signed by 200 of them sitting in the bag saying thank you. So, we appreciate it. We are very blessed.

Donald Trump: Well, I think the press is more crazy now than they were then. They're going totally bananas.

Unidentified: You keep doubling down.

Unidentified: You know maybe you're in their head. Your best real estate deal is getting rent-free in their heads for two years and they're never going nuts.

Donald Trump: I think we're going to do well. But you know, I don't want to say it too much but I think we're going to do better than people think.

Unidentified: You took that same one at media.

Donald Trump: They have low -- you know light -- I mean, this one woman, Maxine Waters.

Unidentified: Oh, she's not --

Donald Trump: I'd say she's very low IQ person and she's -- I was going to say bubbly but I say it.

Unidentified: Oh, we've heard that one.

Unidentified: We all had known that --

Unidentified: It's the craziest thing since I've said that I don't hear from her anymore. Really, it's crazy. How's the food, good?

Unidentified: It's excellent.

Unidentified: It's all right.

Unidentified: I do want you to touch on this whole like pop culture deal, Kanye West, that was a big -- for that younger African-American generation. I think it's going to be a good shift in that.

Donald Trump: It could be good if you think about it, right?

Unidentified: I think Kanye had to do a lot of work than Charlie Carson. And so, yes, it's been great. I will actually be traveling with both of them this whole week.

Donald Trump: But she's really coming in.

Unidentified: She's great. I mean, she worked for Charlie. She's a genius as well. You're just -- brilliant and you saw there was a big article today in one of the big papers talking about how the Democrats are losing the stranglehold on the Millennials and it's literally all here.

Unidentified: But I have to tell you, like, my son is 16 and [Inaudible] is 20 and now, they're texting us did you hear, did you hear -- did you see on Instagram, and now my son sat me down last night. Did you hear the Kanye West song, mom? And I'm like, no, Jack, I didn't.

Unidentified: Have you heard the new song?

Unidentified: And let me, let me -- and then he chalked the lyrics through. And so, it was just interesting that the young people, they are talking about -- the high schoolers are talking about a candidate, by the way. So --

Unidentified: Yeah, even more.

Unidentified: Right. You're talking about both sides of our daughters and the state. So --

Unidentified: NAFTA was good when my wife was in -- just for that.

Donald Trump: How are your businesses going? How are they doing?

Unidentified: We've on a lot of natural gas as well and housing.

Donald Trump: So why are the prices so high? There's so much oil and gas.

Unidentified: Natural gases.

Donald Trump: Is it OPEC?

Unidentified: The world's oil is almost at 70 Wall Street.

Donald Trump: Huh?

Unidentified: I would think that somebody someplace --

Unidentified: There's no good reason for it because there's money.

Donald Trump: Well, I assume monopoly, of all things, right?

Unidentified: Yeah. But OPEC has -- you know they shot themselves in the foot when they started the oversupply thing in 2015. And they don't know what they're going to do.

Donald Trump: Yeah. Aren't the frackers out now because of the price that they're going crazy opening up new wells?

Unidentified: Absolutely.

Donald Trump: That's what I've heard.

Unidentified: You can't have -- 30 is too low, 80, 90 is too high. That healthy range in there, they can make money there at --

Unidentified: 65 is --

Unidentified: Yeah. See fracking's changed, right. You used to frack a well four times. But I make two before they make the pumps --

Unidentified: It's really called exploration production.

Unidentified: Yeah. Yeah. They're much -- they frack a well too many times now.

Unidentified: Yeah. Today's technology is so much different.

Unidentified: All right. Well, they were --

Donald Trump: But is the fracking starting then? Because as you know for a while the press wants to know that. Yep, yep, yep.

Unidentified: Yeah. No, last year was recovery year and this year's a really good year.

Unidentified: We don't have any more of this series --

Unidentified: So really Texas, the Midwest --

Unidentified: Drilling is really a [Inaudible] in the Permian --

Donald Trump: So, will that drive the first one?

Unidentified: No, I think it's -- sure everyone helps Texas.

Unidentified: We always do two wells.

Unidentified: It was 15 and got 30.

Unidentified: You know when they produce it I think it was driving that around.

Donald Trump: Is it going to?

Unidentified: We're actually self-sufficient really right now basically.

Unidentified: Absolutely, right, 100%.

Unidentified: Meaning we are producing as much as we are owned.

Unidentified: Yeah. Well, if it wasn't for West Texas, we'd probably have $85.

Unidentified: Yeah. No, more, probably more.

Unidentified: Yeah.

Donald Trump: So, how big is West Texas compared -- I mean, comparing, like, West Texas to Saudi Arabia, OK? What's the difference?

Unidentified: Well, probably 60%.

Donald Trump: 60%, is that right?

Unidentified: 6 million barrels a day.

Unidentified: Yeah. Yeah. You don't forget about it.

Unidentified: That's a lot. Yeah. That's just West Texas.

Donald Trump: I mean, what's the quality in West Texas?

Unidentified: It's really high.

Donald Trump: So, what's the quality in Venezuela, very bad, right? It's very heavy?

Unidentified: Heavy, yeah, heavy, heavy salt.

Unidentified: Yeah. And we're recording Venezuelan oil because our refineries are changed to like sweet crude like we have here.

Unidentified: That's why we export.

Unidentified: Yeah. Yeah. So, we're actually supporting it to other refineries because we can't find --

Unidentified: That's a problem. We need new refined new refineries that are able to refine the crude --

Unidentified: When was the last time we built a new refinery?

Donald Trump: Under the tax plan you can --

Unidentified: That was 35 years or so.

Unidentified: 1974 or '78 was the new refineries.

Unidentified: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Just put it down.

Unidentified: Before cell phones.

Unidentified: Yeah.

Unidentified: A guy told me last week in a Big Light Texas, which is a little bitty dot out in the Permian Basin. He pulled into a Motel 6. Cost him $459 per night.

Unidentified: Wow. Pretty big.

Unidentified: Wow. It is big.

Donald Trump: When was that? When?

Unidentified: Last week.

Unidentified: Wow.

Unidentified: But the geopolitical concept now shows that LNG changes the game, right? If we export LNG, we can we supply Europe when Putin's done.

Unidentified: Yep.

Unidentified: Right.

Unidentified: Which is why Putin is --

Unidentified: Which is why we're expensive.

Unidentified: Because from a national security standpoint, how fantastic.

Unidentified: But he's over. He's done.

Donald Trump: Well, how about Germany opening up a pipeline into Russia? And we're supposed to be fighting Russia.

Unidentified: Right.

Donald Trump: So, Germany's paying Russia like $2 billion a month.

Unidentified: Crazy.

Donald Trump: And they're a member of NATO.

Unidentified: Yes.

Donald Trump: I figured that --

Unidentified: And they're building coal plants in Germany.

Donald Trump: It looks like 90% of the cost of NATO.

Unidentified: Well, we're in the process of purchasing energy over the Ukraine right now. That should help cut off losses.

Donald Trump: How's Ukraine doing? Don't ask.

Unidentified: They love you though. I can tell you that much. They love you.

Donald Trump: Great. I tell you, they're great fighters.

Unidentified: Great fighters. They love you and they --

Donald Trump: I think they are. They're great fighters. They've been fighting for so long. They don't know what to do without fighting.

Unidentified: Yeah. The Russians had them under their -- for so long.

Unidentified: They need directions.

Donald Trump: Well, they've been under there a long time.

Unidentified: They're waiting for directions. I can tell you that much. They're already -- They're -- I think there's a definitely a good opportunity.

Donald Trump: I think there's a problem.

Unidentified: Big problem, huge.

Unidentified: I guess, just hopefully, they won't have Javelin missiles over there, right? The anti-tank missiles that might come through there.

Unidentified: Yes. Yes.

Donald Trump: Today?

Unidentified: I read about it today and I haven't -- it must have happened within the last couple days.

Unidentified: They're getting it but --

Donald Trump: Let's say Russia ever goes in and gets Ukraine and --

Unidentified: It's -- I don't. They would love to. They would love to but they're scared of you. Right now --

Unidentified: But they got what they wanted. They wanted access to the state.

Unidentified: Not really, no. They want Ukraine. Ukraine is a vast -- neither -- the resources in Ukraine are tremendous.

Unidentified: Resources like West Texas.

Unidentified: Exactly. And right now, not only that the Ukraine is a sort of -- sore throat because of supplying the pipeline because all the pipeline goes through Ukraine to --

Donald Trump: Ukraine has oil?

Unidentified: A lot, yeah.

Unidentified: Number one in Europe.

Unidentified: Yeah, we could.

Donald Trump: Ukraine?

Unidentified: Yeah.

Donald Trump: How come they don't have any money?

Unidentified: Exactly. Yeah, exactly.

Donald Trump: Why aren't the companies going in? Too risky?

Unidentified: Because -- exactly the point. They were supporting the Clintons for all these years and hoping that you know that one, obviously, Biden. Yeah, that was a big thing over there.

Unidentified: Having Ray Washburn, he's able to ensure some of the economic investment in the Ukraine, and the -- I guess geology is very similar to West Texas. You got a lot of these guys in West Texas or whatever their --

Unidentified: But the potential is number one.

Unidentified: The potential is incredible.

Unidentified: The communist kept great records of everything underground.

Unidentified: Yes, absolutely. They have everything there. They're just waiting around for your support a little bit to make sure because, obviously, if they go on their own Russia will -- won't let them do it because they'll cut off a lot of their revenue.

Donald Trump: How long were they last in a fight with Russia?

Unidentified: Not very.

Unidentified: I don't think very long.

Unidentified: Without us, not very long.

Donald Trump: Without us.

Unidentified: But Russia, also keep in mind, talks a big game but they're not ready to. He's not -- he -- they don't -- they don't -- they're not ready to play.

Unidentified: Russia's what? 13th economy size?

Unidentified: Their economy, yeah. Big game but not --

Unidentified: He talks a big game but you know -- you know with Syria. It was a great great job.

Donald Trump: How is Ukraine feeling about it, all right?

Unidentified: They're actually very much appreciate everything you're doing.

Donald Trump: Yeah. But do they feel they're going to be OK?

Unidentified: They feel they're going to be OK if you support them, yeah.

Donald Trump: What do you think about their leader?

Unidentified: He's a good guy. He's a -- he wants the right thing for -- I mean, the biggest --

Donald Trump: He always has to support everybody.

Unidentified: Well, the biggest problem is the corruption in there.

Donald Trump: And I wonder why isn't Germany supporting?

Unidentified: He's very much -- he needs support.

Donald Trump: Why aren't they -- huh?

Unidentified: Germany not supporting him. Not at all.

Unidentified: Germany's going behind our --

Unidentified: They're supporting Russia.

Donald Trump: Do you think so?

Unidentified: Oh, 100%.

Unidentified: $2 billion to pay Russia.

Unidentified: 100%, 100%.

Donald Trump: It just makes this --

Unidentified: It doesn't exactly. It doesn't --

Unidentified: He needs support from you.

Unidentified: A lot of -- exactly. A lot of the European countries. They're backstabbing us basically and dealing with Russia. And that's why you're having such difficult. I think if you take over -- the biggest problem there I think where we we need to start is we got to get rid of the Ambassador. She's still left over from the Clinton administration.

Donald Trump: Who? The Ambassador of Ukraine?

Unidentified: Yeah and she's basically walking around telling everybody wait, he's going to get impeached. Just wait. I mean, it's incredible. It's like --

Unidentified: He'll be gone tomorrow.

Unidentified: Yeah. But --

Donald Trump: What's your --

Unidentified: I don't remember his name.

Unidentified: So what happens will be now that we have a Secretary of State that's in this morning --

Donald Trump: Get rid of her. Get her out tomorrow. I don't care. Get her out tomorrow. Take her out, OK?

Unidentified: Excellent.

Unidentified: Do it.

Unidentified: It could be great.

Donald Trump: [Inaudible] is going to be good. He's doing a good job. Already he's doing a good job. Now we're going to go on pretty good. We got a lot of interesting things.

Unidentified: Good stuff.

Donald Trump: Really.

Unidentified: Mr. President, why can't you walk down to the FBI? I mean this, with TV cameras. They give me the 1.2 million pages. Literally with TV camera. Give me the 1.2 and if they don't you're fired, you're going to do --

Unidentified: That is so incredible. I can't even believe --

Unidentified: I can't yell at the TV anymore than you.

Donald Trump: No, it's a deep State deal. I -- It's going good. If you see the other side.

Unidentified: Unbelievable.

Donald Trump: Yeah. And the stuff that they have is so bad about the other side that they're trying to keep it.

Unidentified: From hiding.

Donald Trump: It's now coming out.

Unidentified: Are you waiting for the timing of it to be released?

Donald Trump: Yeah. I have to wait. I'm waiting for the right time.

Unidentified: Smart.

Donald Trump: But it's such -- it's such bad stuff like Kobe is guilty already.

Unidentified: Oh, he's -- he's just -- it's crazy.

Donald Trump: I can get some changes in the story.

Unidentified: I care about him.

Unidentified: He looks like you could very --

Unidentified: That was the biggest backfire in the history. It was like they were so sure --

Unidentified: Yes. Yes.

Unidentified: They were so shocked and the way they weren't prepared for it.

Unidentified: He hung himself.

Unidentified: He just -- you can't even look at him on TV. I mean you know it's embarrassing.

Unidentified: The left is -- it's not even a conversation. They're just --

Unidentified: Sounds like a whiny teenager.

Unidentified: Well, I want to make a toast.

Donald Trump: But they're not so happy.

Unidentified: No, no, no, no.

Unidentified: I want to make a toast to the President. Thank you very much for the sacrifice that you and your family put up with this shit.

Unidentified: You're not going to --

Unidentified: Thank you so much.

Unidentified: Well said, well said.

Unidentified: Thanks, everybody.

Unidentified: Thank you.

Unidentified: We got the President.

Donald Trump: I can't have different from other people. Who wants the steak? Who wants the steak?

Unidentified: No, no, no, no, no.

Unidentified: I got Presidential -- where's the steak?

Unidentified: What choice?

Unidentified: We just like the burger.

Unidentified: We don't want to tell.

Unidentified: Have the steak. Enjoy. Everyone had a choice.

Donald Trump: I noticed they brought me a shrimp cocktail and I'm looking who else has one.

Unidentified: You are the President.

Unidentified: That's great to hear. It's amazing. I said this is great.

Donald Trump: And downstairs --

Unidentified: Mr. President.

Donald Trump: What?

Unidentified: Have you thought about allowing banking on some of these states that allow cannabis? From the banking -- to allow them to bank the money?

Donald Trump: Yeah. Well, cannabis. Look, we're talking marijuana, right?

Unidentified: Right. But we're talking about just a state, sir. I'm talking about --

Donald Trump: Why you can't do banking there?

Unidentified: That's the biggest problem because none of the banks accepts the money.

Donald Trump: Yeah. It will be, it's all working out.

Unidentified: Federal --

Unidentified: That's so important because --

Donald Trump: I don't know if that's a good thing or a bad thing.

Unidentified: I'm sorry. I'm talking about taxation.

Unidentified: Well, the reason why I'd say military and the vets is a big one there.

Unidentified: Exactly. Well, the reason why I'm bringing it up is because we have to work very hard to try to figure out how to replicate the midterms and everything that's going on, and like you said I think it's a tremendous, tremendous movement with a lot the young, the millenials.

Donald Trump: Do you think the whole marijuana thing is a good thing?

Unidentified: No.

Unidentified: No, I can't even hire people --

Unidentified: I think -- I think it's a combination. I think it's something that is the future no matter how you look at it. I think it's something that's already so far out that you're not going to stop it. I think you need to be ahead of it, and I think you need to control it. And then --

Donald Trump: I think in Colorado there were more accidents. It does cause an IQ problem.

Unidentified: I think it's great.

Unidentified: There is minus in IQ points.

Unidentified: Yeah. But when you take a look at your opioid crisis and then the veterans and --

Donald Trump: It's actually good for opioids.

Unidentified: Yeah. Yes, yes. It's right again. Yeah.

Unidentified: I'll say that, Senator.

Unidentified: Yeah. Between that and alcohol, as far as I'm concerned, alcohol does much more damage.

Donald Trump: Much more damage.

Unidentified: So, you don't see people driving even even --

Unidentified: 100%.

Unidentified: You don't see people beating that one out.

Unidentified: Well, this marijuana. It's just different.

Unidentified: This is what I want to recommend. I want to recommend to you that is not to the one or the other one, but what I want to recommend is to serve the committee.

Unidentified: Right. So, now --

Unidentified: I'm now a bipartisan committee, no politicians and just leading people in the industry so you could have your year. So, you can know what's going on and know where you go in order to make the right decision.

Unidentified: It's just --

Unidentified: By just putting the committee together, I think it will give you such a boost in -- by -- with a lot of the millenials, a lot of the minorities and be accountable and be able to setup a lot of professionals like even [Inaudible] right now to join the group. This will start switching back from people, but I think that there's a lot of people that if you get the right information -- one of the things I did also I leave behind -- I leave behind some statistics and information that I think is extremely that I think is extremely important for you to take a look at. That I think for a minute to ask you is there again. We're not talking about going one way or the other. I think the most important thing is for you is to be ahead of your game. Because it's -- you got 30 states that already legalized it and you got over 90%. I'm not involved in that business, but I have a lot of friends that are. I'm in the energy industry, but I've been watching it evolve over the years. I mean, live in Florida. I've seen what it does in Florida and I've seen --

Donald Trump: How far are you doing now with very rich guy?

Unidentified: We're actually holding a fundraiser for him. He's great.

Donald Trump: Did he get to win or is it --

Unidentified: It's going to be close. I think if we're ever going to win it's this time. I mean we've been working hard for a while but I think we've got a good shot this time. So, I think if anybody's going to do it. Rick can do it. But we have a great -- we have a very safe hands. I just had lunch with Pam last week. Bondi, so, that's fantastic.

Unidentified: We can still regulate like that.

Unidentified: So, it's a very complex subject that's controversial. It's not something that we need to go worry about a thing. But as long as you have a committee that could give you the right direction that's bipartisan. That's not one way or the other, I think then you could be ahead of the game and make the right decision. Because you will make the right decision which way it will go and that's -- I'll leave stuff behind.

Donald Trump: How are you doing?

Unidentified: Good.

Donald Trump: Great. Now what are you doing?

Unidentified: He's now partnering in the energy industry.

Donald Trump: Oh, good.

Unidentified: We're purching right now -- we're in the process of purchasing -- in the bidding. Ukraine is privatizing one of their biggest energy companies.

Unidentified: I get it.

Donald Trump: So, you're involved in [Inaudible] Ukraine?

Unidentified: Yeah. Ukraine, Poland, Luthuania, Turkey. Poland is great actually. Yeah, we're very close to the process. Turkey's -- Brian's dealing with Turkey.

Unidentified: They're trying to play now.

Unidentified: I already got in there. They play both sides. One of the things we're trying to do is work on [Inaudible] side. Turkey's in talks with the Russians right now to -- for a pipeline in their energy nuclear activity. Nuclear activity, so, if we're able to do what we do, we'll be able to cut off Russia in the knees, and put a pipeline from Ukraine under the water and start and supply Turkey with energy.

Unidentified: Blue water, I mean --

Unidentified: Underwater.

Unidentified: I know is it -- That pipeline is called bluewater?

Unidentified: Bluewater, yes.

Donald Trump: How did you guys do it? How did you do it?

Unidentified: Mill steam, mill steam.

Donald Trump: Where?

Unidentified: Everytime I think about so I'm just pouring like that, but --

Donald Trump: So, how's that going?

Unidentified: Yeah.

Unidentified: We could have found a better supply.

Unidentified: My grandfather is 78 years old and he doesn't need a -- to deal with like kind of ego. But you know, he was kind of handed a sizable investment and we sold --

Donald Trump: At the time it was the right thing to do.

Unidentified: Yeah, exactly, and we figured for his --

Donald Trump: So, are you just sort of sitting back? He was telling me he was just going to sit back and who cares. Or is he --

Unidentified: We're trying to figure out ways to deal with his non-compete right now because within the company he's got I think a 5-year non-compete.

Donald Trump: Yeah. At 78, five years is a lot of time. This is a lot of time.

Unidentified: Exactly. But I mean --

Donald Trump: The sad thing is just really -- I mean between him and your father, a great designer and they work. You don't want to waste five years.

Unidentified: Right.

Donald Trump: At the end of five years you can do what you want to do.

Unidentified: Well, as you know, do you have any kind of celebrity past you, it's kind of hard to force out of a non-compete in that way. So, the -- all the news has been positive from the 5-year spend, but in the meantime, they're trying to figure out ways to -- he's got things in the pipeline where they can restructure some deals to -- if they're not taking upfront design fees, then maybe, you factor in a charitable aspect. He's going to find a way to do some work --

Donald Trump: Which he likes anyway.

Unidentified: Exactly. And he's got, as you know, the Nicklaus Childrens' Hospital.

Donald Trump: But it's just a different -- it's an exhausting part you know because I know him -- I know the guy.

Unidentified: Howard.

Donald Trump: With -- these are your guys, huh?

Unidentified: No, no. Impossible.

Donald Trump: Didn't he buy [Inaudible]?

Unidentified: Yes, sir.

Donald Trump: Did he buy it?

Unidentified: Yes, sir. I believe so within the last year or so.

Donald Trump: What's that? Golf Magazine?

Unidentified: Yeah. Well, Golf Magazine. It's a club company. It's a golf company.

Donald Trump: Howard Golf Magazine. Yeah, he bought it for $15 million. 10 years ago, you would have paid $300 million.

Unidentified: Well, $15 million is --

Donald Trump: $15 million? Can you believe it?

Unidentified: Well, that's where our print is going. Print is great, Golf Magazine, yeah.

Donald Trump: Magazines are dead.

Unidentified: It's a dead business. It's out the door.

Unidentified: What do you think happens to cable TV?

Donald Trump: I think it's -- I think cable TV is OK, right? Is it? I'll say if we ever lost an election, cable TV is dead. Can you imagine if they had a normal candidate? I'm all they talk about. Trump's first, Trump, Trump, Trump, Trump thing. It's all they talk about. Now, if they have a normal candidate, if they have Hillary, crooked Hillary --

Unidentified: Oh, my God.

Donald Trump: Their ratings would be one-fifth.

Unidentified: They'll just hold it for working.

Unidentified: Yeah.

Donald Trump: That's why I tell everybody they're going to endorse me. About six months before the election they'd endorse me and then they'd unendorse me after that. No, they're bad, they're bad.

Unidentified: You were the only one that could have won against Hillary and that's true. You were the only one that caught her for all her lies and her very constant stuff. Nobody else would have done that. Everybody else would have been too polite. They would have not mentioned it and wussed-out.

Donald Trump: Obama would have been easier, second term.

Unidentified: You would have destroyed him.

Donald Trump: Romney should have never lost it. Obama, Obama would have been much easier.

Unidentified: Well, his big mistake was a boca opening up his mouth and gaining that tape with the Hispanic.

Unidentified: Do you think Obama would have been easier than Hillary?

Donald Trump: I think so. I think for years, I think Obama, second year, not first.

Unidentified: He was damaged goods. Romney just couldn't get it done.

Unidentified: He disappered in the debate. He disappeared in the debate.

Unidentified: Bernie Sanders had him. They think they rigged -- Bernie want to beat Hillary in there right now.

Unidentified: He -- she asked --

Unidentified: Yeah, I agree because there is no hatred.

Unidentified: Right. You're right. There is no hatred.

Unidentified: The millenials were right.

Unidentified: They achieved -- he was half my motivation working was not my hurdle.

Unidentified: 100%, right.

Unidentified: That's where I think why Bernie as Vice President would have been tougher.

Unidentified: Oh, yeah.

Unidentified: Yeah.

Unidentified: Pain was -- I couldn't even.

Donald Trump: But I think Bernie, you know, because all those people that hated her so much all voted for me. You know I get 20% of Bernie vote. People don't realize that because of trade. He's a big trade guy. He basically says we're getting screwed on trade and his right. I'm worse than he is but we could do something about it. I don't know if he could have but had she picked Bernie Sanders, it would have been tougher. I'm the only one I didn't want her to pick. Now, then you say, people say, no, it would have been easier because then her sort of Establishment normal Democrat. So, she may have lost a lot of votes too.

Unidentified: You're right. So, you don't know who --

Unidentified: I don't understand.

Unidentified: I think the Democrats, the only thing they do well is they stick together. So, I don't know that --

Unidentified: What is the deal with crooked Hillary? Why is he not speaking out for herself?

Donald Trump: Is Bernie going to be -- it is funny how he has not gone crazy, right?

Unidentified: It's coming a lot from all the conversation.

Unidentified: Of course, they had a conversation.

Unidentified: They have like three beach houses. Of course.

Unidentified: He should be going nuts.

Donald Trump: Is she going to be running --

Unidentified: I don't think so.

Donald Trump: I think he might.

Unidentified: Do you think he might again?

Donald Trump: Yeah. Because he does a lot of tolerance. Usually when they do a lot of tolerance they race again. I like it because I've been --

Unidentified: Biden, I hope Biden runs.

Unidentified: I hope Biden runs.

Unidentified: Let me ask a question about wind and solar versus natural gas and electricity versus natural gas. I am all for the momentum that electric vehicles have.

Donald Trump: Right.

Unidentified: But here we are in North America with shell, oil and gas. Shell gas which we have an abundance in natural gas, but here we are putting these LNG tankers and shipping it and trying to sell it elsewhere. No --

Donald Trump: That's good though, right?

Unidentified: It's great but here we are, we have these car manufacturers that is just standing ready and they're trying to find a way to beat emission standards and everything else.

Donald Trump: Yeah. But we are going to lower that.

Unidentified: And we are, we are, we're --

Donald Trump: You know that. DiCaprio stated it.

Unidentified: Absolutely. I mean you've done a great job on that front. How can -- I mean there is a huge opportunity to try to open up -- supress natural gas C&G to be on pairing with online electric vehicles. We don't want any tax credit. All we want is --

Donald Trump: Is that what business you're in, compressed?

Unidentified: Gas business.

Donald Trump: Compressed?

Unidentified: We are on the compression side, we're not on the production side.

Unidentified: We need the compressors to move to natural gas.

Unidentified: To move to natural gas but we're -- if we can make C&G natural gas vehicles to be on car basin for manufacturing with electric car with the manufacturers to have a choice --

Donald Trump: How are electric cars doing now?

Unidentified: Not good. Why? Do you know what happens?

Donald Trump: He's got to try.

Unidentified: The good thing is that --

Donald Trump: Because they can't produce them.

Unidentified: Well, a number of reasons. They can't produce them. He's already -- the auto companies have all caught up to him, right? The other auto comanies have caught up to him. He's never generated any close composite, he's subsidized by $25,000 per vehicle, it's over. The other thing that people forget about is it's great to have an electric vehicle, but you have to plug it in and get it charged somewhere. And the carbon footprint of this phone is the same as a refrigerator running. You need to generate the power. And generating with wind and solar, when did solar only generate 3.5% of our power usage today? You would take 50 years to get up to 5% at the rate we're growing.

Unidentified: Wow.

Unidentified: It is still a fossil fuel's generating power. You have to have nuclear. You have to have oil and gas, and you have to have coal.

Unidentified: You have to have coal.

Donald Trump: How come the stock price is so high?

Unidentified: Because he's a great salesman.

Unidentified: Exactly.

Unidentified: Yeah.

Unidentified: 16 years old, I gave him a little bit of money and money he made working to investing stocks. I showed him the cash flow. My dad said look even if he starts making money today. He's 10, 12 years from having --

Donald Trump: That's still very nice.

Unidentified: Yeah. That's talking history.

Donald Trump: Is he any good?

Unidentified: Yeah. He's a very smart guy. He's a brilliant guy.

Unidentified: He's a little off socially.

Unidentified: He's a brillaint guy but the [Inaudible] done. Tesla as a car maker is done.

Unidentified: Regardless, regardless. I think, I think, I think the nation --

Unidentified: You got to relax every once in a while.

Unidentified: They hear, they think the word electric, they're saving the planet. I think it's awesome that they want to do that but the give the manufacturers, auto manufacturers an opportunity to put out C&G cars where we have all this natural gas that is such as small -- the manufacturing operations all fit to existing engines to natural gas engines versus battery powered --

Donald Trump: So that's the third type of car now that you're talikng about.

Unidentified: No.

Unidentified: But the good thing is it's great, it's great for trucks.

Unidentified: Trucks and buses.

Unidentified: Cars and all vehicles --

Unidentified: F-150 you know the most popular truck in vehicle. You really --

Donald Trump: It is?

Unidentified: I think so, yeah. You can --

Donald Trump: Why is that?

Unidentified: You can't --

Unidentified: It's a light utility truck that everyone --

Donald Trump: Is that the aluminum one?

Unidentified: It's what I drive American.

Unidentified: Well, it's a regular one.

Unidentified: That's why I drive a Raptor.

Unidentified: It's aluminum.

Unidentified: It's aluminum frame.

Donald Trump: How did the aluminum -- I meant an aluminum truck.

Unidentified: I got the aluminum body, yeah.

Unidentified: But you can't do that in electric vehicles.

Unidentified: I like it.

Donald Trump: Well, you like it. Is it strong enough though?

Unidentified: Yes, sir. It's lighter.

Donald Trump: Does it dent easier?

Unidentified: I'm sorry?

Donald Trump: Does it dent easier?

Unidentified: I think so.

Unidentified: As far as the vent is concerned, it's a line top release. So, if throw anything on it, it's fine.

Unidentified: Probably repair.

Unidentified: Probably.

Donald Trump: So, you have the aluminum body?

Unidentified: Yes, sir.

Unidentified: Yeah.

Donald Trump: And did you request that?

Unidentified: No, actually, Ford, I think their new line of trucks. I think 2017 --

Unidentified: They started with the Raptor.

Donald Trump: Does that turn out to be a good investment for them or not?

Unidentified: No.

Unidentified: I'd have to look more into it as a consumer. I like to -- back in the day I had a -- about 10 years ago my truck was a 2008 250. I mean I can just feel the difference in driving the thing.

Donald Trump: Is it lighter?

Unidentified: Lighter.

Unidentified: So much lighter that the form -- I mean it drives like a high-performance vehicle.

Unidentified: Yeah. Well, I think if you guys were doing heavy work you'd prefer the steel frame.

Unidentified: You are young --

Unidentified: Now that I've made up that gram, tremendous. It's a -- the aluminum when you go to a body shop, to repair aluminum is three times the cost and more.

Unidentified: Just a whole different level of technical --

Donald Trump: Unless you're repairing aluminum stuff.

Unidentified: Yeah.

Unidentified: The welding takes a whole new skill side. It's a much more --

Unidentified: Apparently, electric and C&G will provide incredible jobs for your auto line manufacturers and gives -- match it's locally --

Unidentified: We have it -- we can't store enough of it.

Unidentified: And it's fine and it's clean. That's the other thing, it's very clean.

Donald Trump: So, is that happening?

Unidentified: No.

Donald Trump: Why?

Unidentified: Because today, there aren't many manufacturers that are incentivized at all to put seeing carbon --

Donald Trump: But people still like gasoline.

Unidentified: Absolutely. That's the majority. That's the big C&G --

Donald Trump: They really don't want the aluminum. I mean they don't want the electric.

Unidentified: The majority is for gas because they don't understand.

Unidentified: Yeah and it doesn't work for our truck industry.

Unidentified: Hybrids are definitely more --

Donald Trump: So, is hybrid working?

Unidentified: Yeah.

Unidentified: Yeah but not great. For small --

Unidentified: It's a millenial thing, 100%.

Unidentified: Plus, plus it doesn't work for trucks.

Unidentified: I have 5.7L vehicle.

Donald Trump: That's interesting.

Unidentified: Yeah. Probably if you ask me, it's for C&G to get the power.

Donald Trump: You like the 5.7 one?

Unidentified: I like big engine.

Unidentified: That's two miles of gallon. I like the roar.

Unidentified: And you are not bored, everybody does.

Unidentified: Mr. President, we have some -- we've run some C&G truck, right? Semi-trucks and it actually has more -- it's prevalent. You can get it. It's a lot less power. It's a lot less miles per gallon.

Donald Trump: Really?

Unidentified: There's -- if you don't get -- there's a $0.50 tax credit. If you don't get that, it really is not feasible.

Donald Trump: Wait, you said it doesn't have the power and it doesn't run as well. Other than that it's wonderful.

Unidentified: It's not as prevalent, so you have to take routes that's not the most effective routes.

Unidentified: It's not really. Yes and no.

Donald Trump: Now what do you mean trucks? What do you do? Who do you say you are?

Unidentified: We -- our main thing we do, we handle mail for the postal service.

Donald Trump: Oh, I see. All right. So, you know the difference, right? So, you have every kind? Is there anything like gasoline?

Unidentified: Well, diesel is truck.

Donald Trump: How is diesel comapared to regular gasoline?

Unidentified: Well, diesel has a semi -- you can't run gasoline in a semi.

Donald Trump: Right. Big tractor, it's a semi. But why can't you?

Unidentified: It doesn't have the BTUs that diesel has.

Donald Trump: But in mail trucks you -- so, you're using diesel?

Unidentified: Well, semi we're long haul.

Donald Trump: And you've tried with the compressed gas?

Unidentified: We do run C&G. We have some C&G trucks.

Donald Trump: And how do you find them?

Unidentified: We don't like it but the C&G is -- the pricing is really good.

Donald Trump: But you said it's more expensive.

Unidentified: Right.

Unidentified: Because we need to develop combustion engines. It's been around for over like 75 years. You shut off because everyone wants the one with battery. Touching on traffic --

Unidentified: They build on the distance you have to keep and so there's issues with it that are hard to overcome. But you got to understand the world is going either electric or fossil fuel.

Unidentified: No, there could still be --

Unidentified: Well, but -- the [Inaudible] on that when you open the rest of them --

Unidentified: We have -- we could be doing more business. You can't get trucks and there's two reasons why. You can't get trucks. You can't get trucks -- we have a -- no, no, no. You can't go into business for two reasons, and now, it's not going to work.

Unidentified: He doesn't -- I'm sorry. You can get trucks. You can get somebody -- another driver. You need someone in the seat, right?

Unidentified: So, Mr. President, well, trucking it's a tough job to go into.

Donald Trump: OK.

Unidentified: So, that's number one and they made it a lot tougher with Elon. So, Elon limits any kind of wheel turns into truck, it's part of the log for the day in a 14-hour day. So, let's say someone is half an hour from home in their truck, in their long haul truck, they literally have to pull over on the side of the road and stop. They can't go home. So, they don't even want to do it anymore. So, we have people who don't want to go in the trucking business and we can't get enough drivers attracted to haul our product around the metro.

Unidentified: Does a lot of this get solved with some of the automated?

Unidentified: Yes, but it's a long way to wait.

Unidentified: That is going to happen.

Unidentified: I mean, some of it is and you're going to have pitching catch for it but it's still a long -- you need that last line. You need someone there.

Donald Trump: So, you're saying you don't have manufacturers that can make enough trucks?

Unidentified: No, they making trucks.

Unidentified: No, who's going to drive them?

Donald Trump: Soon you won't need them.

Unidentified: Soon you'll be driving by themselves.

Unidentified: We can all see that.

Unidentified: And that guy's working nine miles an hour trying to make up time. He's working 18-hour days and it pays. Sure you have limitations and you can't do it.

Unidentified: Sure. You got enough drivers you just keep out of school.

Unidentified: I mean you can only drive so much.

Unidentified: Yes, like a pilot, e-log.

Unidentified: Yes, exactly.

Unidentified: Exactly.

Unidentified: How do you know that he shuts them down?

Donald Trump: So, they have a method that they shutdown a truck?

Unidentified: So, every truck now is on an e-log, OK. Your electronic device so that truck is turned off after 14 hours. If he's at 20 minutes to get home, he can be fined huge, and actually done trucking. He gets a full --

Donald Trump: Even in the old truck you don't have that?

Unidentified: No, everything's e-log.

Donald Trump: I never knew that. That's terrible.

Unidentified: It has to be e-log. So, the average guy he used to be able to do it because he would say, hey, I'm willing to work at 12- or 14-hour day, so, I can make up the difference by doing it now. They're limited to eight hours. They sitting there for the other --

Unidentified: No, it's meant for safety.

Unidentified: They can't drive for 11. They can't. They have to be home by 14 hours.

Donald Trump: So what happens to the drivers?

Unidentified: The team, a tandem or a team, you can continue. But again, it's more expensive and it's rare, right? So, it's very tough. If you were to ask me five years ago what my biggest problem in business would have been -- imports are always number one that are more battling. What I would say, almost five today is transporation, but I can't move with my limit.

Donald Trump: How's Amazon doing?

Unidentified: Oh, they're doing great? They're really doing great.

Donald Trump: Is there any instance that it's going to work out?

Unidentified: I don't know. You're using a monopoly.

Donald Trump: Well, you pick it up. You deliver. How do you make money?

Unidentified: It's a fad.

Unidentified: You can lose money for 20 years, you get an all-pass on doing and you dessimate everybody else. You're going to own the industry.

Unidentified: Exactly. That's easy.

Donald Trump: I think you guys are starting now role model and all this. I just --

Unidentified: They're all starting on dropshipping.

Unidentified: That was a great call on Amazon.

Donald Trump: No, they're ripping up the postcards.

Unidentified: I think you're spot on.

Unidentified: No. The postal service can do -- you can --

Donald Trump: 40% of the business you do is with Amazon.

Unidentified: No, 2%, 2% to the postal business.

Donald Trump: And then, they'll pay their fee.

Unidentified: Wow.

Donald Trump: They say it's 40%.

Unidentified: No.

Donald Trump: They actually said it was 40%. Do you mean they were sending -- maybe because you're using compressed gas.

Unidentified: OK. I have a lot of information on Postal service if you ever want to get there. But if I could one -- just a quick one. Something that --

Donald Trump: How is the Postal service doing?

Unidentified: Actually, I can deal with the four years and I think they're the best they've ever been.

Donald Trump: Really?

Unidentified: They have great management. They basically breakeven other than the pension the pair funding.

Unidentified: The undivided pension liabilities.

Unidentified: It's crazy. But if I could as a solution rather than a problem, if I do like a government should do a 500-mile piece of road dedicated lane on both sides for economist trucks. The hard -- talk about a driver shortage, these trucks -- the -- all the technology is there right now. There isn't any reason that you -- to not have autonomous trucks other than putting them with the cars. You can't put them with the cars.

Donald Trump: So you're saying -- why? why can't you put them with the cars?

Unidentified: They -- if the insurance and regulations that states the perception. But if you would put a separate lane --

Donald Trump: How safe is autonomous?

Unidentified: It's absolutely safe. If you -- would you --

Donald Trump: It's an amazing set.

Unidentified: I saw a drive -- I saw a car driving itself.

Unidentified: How do you put some of these truck drivers and say, hey, you could work a 15-hour day. Now you're just driving along?

Unidentified: You would just do --

Unidentified: I still don't see -- I'm scared of those. If you see those cars driving by themselves that's -- that freaks me out.

Unidentified: I don't understand why Amazon, when you're getting a bulk rate, that bulk rate is actually sucking up and using the Postal services capacity, which forces them to actually add. Why -- if you're using a capacity at bulk rate why don't you just charge more?

Unidentified: It's the same --

Unidentified: Why aren't you charging them more?

Unidentified: Everyone at this table can have -- gets that rate.

Unidentified: No, I understand but that's not the point. You need to charge them more.

Unidentified: Mr. President, I'm a little off the subject but I have a little something. It's a present from the head guy of Ukraine and some of Rabbis in Israel. They're thankful for what you do and in the Hebrew religion they want their Messiah to come. So, the Messiah notion that it is, they take your name in written and you see where it adds up. If you take your name, Donald Trump, and then it adds up to 424. It's something that is very, very unbelieveable.

Unidentified: It's unbelievable you know.

Donald Trump: What is that mean?

Unidentified: It's fake because it's the same numbers in Messiah you know.

Donald Trump: Meaning?

Unidentified: Meaning, like, it's not good. It's like best. It's like miracle.

Donald Trump: Why 424?

Unidentified: It's like name of Messiah you know.

Unidentified: The Messiah comes out at 424.

Donald Trump: What other numbers do you have?

Unidentified: No, it's not the number.

Unidentified: It's exactly the number.

Unidentified: Your name, your name, it adds up to the number of his name, 424. So, it's like Messiah is the person who's going to save the whole world. So, it's like you're the savior. Meaning, that's for you.

Unidentified: It's amazing. We just saw the word like wow. It's amazing you know.

Unidentified: It can't hurt. It can't hurt.

Unidentified: So, all Jew people of Ukraine is praying for you.

Unidentified: Show it to Jared, he'll like tell you.

Unidentified: He's great. It's like --

Unidentified: He's going to Israel on the 14th.

Donald Trump: Yeah. I don't think so. That's $1 billion building, I spent $150,000.

Unidentified: Really?

Donald Trump: We took the building on. We just can't build the wall. Well, did you hear that? So, we're going to spend $1 billion on a -- on the [Inaudible] in Jerusalem, and that will pay for $100 million.

Unidentified: Wow.

Donald Trump: And David briefed me and he said we take the existing buidling that we have and then --

Unidentified: Of course, it's come together. Yes, it's the same. Great location.

Donald Trump: Yeah. We'll make it the corner of the buidling and we'll --

Unidentified: Nothing good and you know just change name.

Donald Trump: So, they say don't make it $100 million, make it $250 million. It'll be open in two weeks.

Unidentified: Yes, fortunately.

Donald Trump: It took up three months to build.

Unidentified: Amazing, amazing.

Donald Trump: Now we have an Embassy in Israel. In the other way, if we spent it on the ocean. If we spent $1 billion so it would have been 10 years to open.

Unidentified: Of course, of course.

Unidentified: It's they're Jewish site and they deserve it.

Donald Trump: Yeah. I knock it and knock it with the Head Rabbi. They have other sites and tremendous amount of money. But they have a building on an existing site that's a better location, the best location.

Unidentified: Incredible.

Donald Trump: It's even set back. It's a fairly large site. It's set back which is good for staying.

Unidentified: And then, there are other countries that are joining in to see the --

Donald Trump: So, they're taking it. They took the corner of the building, fixed it for $150,000.

Unidentified: Incredible.

Donald Trump: So, instead of $1 billion they spent $150,000.

Unidentified: That's amazing you know. You saved the world, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: For $150,000 versus $1 billion and we have a better location. So, there's no location.

Unidentified: No, in the UK.

Unidentified: Mr. President, can I share with them a Rabbi gave to you? I think it's special.

Donald Trump: Yeah, go ahead.

Unidentified: Since you're Jewish, the Head Rabbi of Ukraine and Israel, they took the President Donald Trump, his name and they cam out as the same letter as the Messiah. So, it's a very special day that they have it on today.

Unidentified: My father --

Unidentified: It's the same number you know. It's amazing how it's count you know.

Unidentified: And really they're very close friends with the Pope.

Donald Trump: Yeah?

Unidentified: As a kid, I went with the group in Israel that entered there.  It was amazing. I mean now, I realized it's significance.

Unidentified: Oh.

Unidentified: But my dad who didn't talk for two years, when he came back he was fine.

Donald Trump: So, folks, I want to talk you all very much. I'll get back.

Unidentified: Thank you.

Donald Trump: It's kind of a long trip.

Unidentified: You don't have to wait for lights to stop either.

Donald Trump: It happens every time. They move in about 125. It's incredible and they do a great job, the secret service guys. And we have like 150 guards. So, it's not that easy to come over. Donald, oh, can we do it outside of the White House? I guess, I don't know if there's --

Unidentified: That's what I was -- I'd be happy to go to the White House.

Donald Trump: It was a ridiculous campaign thing I've watched which I think is wrong. It doesn't make sense. They spend a fortune getting over here and it literally cost nothing.

Unidentified: It costs nothing. First they come to you.

Donald Trump: I'm sure it's a [Inaudible] but I like this hotel anyway and we can't get back.

Unidentified: Yeah.

Unidentified: And I got a MAGA hat I wear it all the time. If you could sign it.

Donald Trump: Yeah, give it to me.

Unidentified: Mr. President in the meantime, we'd like -- on behalf of this group here tonight to offer you two honors. One is the great Teddy Roosevelt 1913 created a famous speech, The man in the Arena, and we have it here tonight and get ready to sign it in your behalf. But it says here that you, against all odds, never having run for office.

Donald Trump: That is true.

Unidentified: Taking on 17 plus candidates and winning substantially, and we're going to win for you again.

Unidentified: Yes, you're right.

Unidentified: The man in the arena, Teddy Roosevelt, 1913. The famous speech is not the critic, etc., etc. The credit belongs to the man who is actually in the arena, whose face is marred by dust and sweat and blood; who strives valiantly; who errs, who comes short again and again, and wins again, but never gives up. Never will his heart be with those cowering souls that know neither victory nor plight. This is for you. We're all going to sign it. It's going around the table tonight.

Donald Trump: You don't have to sign it. You know I'd rather not have it signed.

Unidentified: I love this.

Unidentified: Well, that's something.

Donald Trump: You know what, I love Jack Nicklaus.

Unidentified: He'll sign it for you.

Unidentified: Are you going to go and sell it?

Donald Trump: Perhaps. Whose is this?

Unidentified: It's Harry's definitely.

Unidentified: Thank you so much. We thank you, Mr. President.

Unidentified: This is Jack Nicklaus. Oh, wait, a brief a little bit on it. That is post the event.

Donald Trump: He a good guy to work with?

Unidentified: He's a great man.

Unidentified: He's a good guy.

Unidentified: Yes, sir.

Unidentified: We were looking at it years ago. We had to stand there for over a decade, a great club.

Unidentified: Do you have the pen?

Unidentified: Tom has the pen.

Unidentified: I will take care of our President.

Donald Trump: Shall we sign it or what?

Unidentified: We'll take care of it.

Donald Trump: See, the other side doesn't want to go which I understand. Let me see this. Messiah, oh.

Unidentified: Not yet.

Unidentified: No, I like this. We're giving it to you.

Unidentified: Except the picture's crooked.

Unidentified: What the hell.

Unidentified: I was afraid.

Donald Trump: Well, thank you all for a great gift. That's very nice, huh? Easy job, right?

Unidentified: Yeah, absolutely.

Donald Trump: Good. Hold that for me, will you?

Unidentified: Yeah, yeah. Mr. President, obviously, that was one hell of a job.

Unidentified: Thanks, everybody.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Unidentified: Good to see you. Good to see you.

Donald Trump: Thank you, everybody very much.

Unidentified: Keep up the good work.

Donald Trump: Thank you. I will.

Unidentified: Yeah. You're doing a great job.

Donald Trump: Thank you. This was fun tonight.

Unidentified: Don't listen to those idiots.

Unidentified: Everybody, please stay in the room.

Donald Trump: Feel free to update me.

Unidentified: Thank you very much.