Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-roundtable-tax-reform-st-louis-march-14-2018

Donald Trump: Well, this is a great honor, and a truly great company. We appreciate it. I want to thank Secretary Mnuchin for being here. I know you flew from a different direction, but it's important economic development, even for Treasury, it's very important.

Donald Trump: And Dan Mehan, President and CEO of the Missouri Chamber of Commerce, thanks very much, Dan. Doing a great job, and Missouri's doing a great job, it's an incredible place. I also want to thank my friend, Dennis.

Donald Trump: We've been friends a long time and I keep telling these countries, no, you have to buy American. I want you to buy American. You know, we help people, we help countries, we give aid to countries, I say where do you buy your equipment? Oh, we buy from other countries. I said what about buying from the United States? Well we haven't been doing that. Now they do it. So we want them to buy -- and we also make the best product. [Applause]

Donald Trump: We also make the best product. And you know what, if we didn't make the best product, I wouldn't ask them to do it. But we make by far the best fighter jets, we make the best there is in the military world and mostly, the best there is in almost anywhere.

Donald Trump: And we're coming back and doing it more so than we've ever done before. We're setting records. I want to just say the F-18, one of my favorite planes, to me it's a work of art, is just -- you look at the workers, you look at the talent that went into it.

Donald Trump: We just looked at different versions of it, it is spectacular. It's -- it's a beautiful thing to watch. Just a few years ago, this plant was in very serious danger of shutting down, and we've got it going again. And I think probably going maybe like it's never gone before, right?

Donald Trump: Doing better than it's ever done before? But I'm proud to say we kept it open, keeping thousands of Americans employed right here in St. Louis, Missouri. Great place. Place that was very good to me. The state of Missouri was very good to me, I'll tell you. [Applause]

Donald Trump: I think Josh is doing a fantastic job. I can you tell that he's working hard, just met him at the plane. We're going out of our way. We've asked congress to fund 24 brand new F-18s and that's going to be the latest and the greatest stealth.

Donald Trump: A lot of things on the plane that people don't even know about anymore. It's a whole different version of the plane. So we're looking for 24 brand new ones. We're working on price, and maybe we can work out a good price. Otherwise, we're going to buy them from somebody else. [Laughter]

Donald Trump: But it will all be in the United States, right? I don't know. I think -- I have a feeling, what do you think, Dennis, we're going to make a deal?

Dennis Muilenburg: We'll find a way.

Donald Trump: We'll find a way. [Applause] But it is wonderful to be back in this great state and to push all of the historic tax cuts. You know, this was about the first place that I announced that we were going to be asking for massive tax cuts and everybody said it will never happen, hasn't happened since Ronald Reagan to any scale, and didn't even come close sense then.

Donald Trump: And we got it, not only passed, but bigger than anything ever passed in the history of our country. Now we're going for a phase two, we're actually going for a phase two which will help -- in addition to middle class, it will help companies and it's going to be something I think very special.

Donald Trump: Kevin Brady is working on it with me, Congress is working, the Senate's working. And unfortunately on the original, we didn't have one Democrat vote which is pretty incredible. And now they're regretting it. But we're going to do a phase two, and it's going to be something I think will really be a big incentive to do a lot of things just like we're doing right here, and a tremendous incentive for the workers.

Donald Trump: Six months ago I promised we would cut taxes to bring Main Street roaring all the way back, and we did. We helped Wall Street, we helped Main Street, we helped everybody. All of that money that went into the pockets of people, thousands and thousands of dollars each, they're very, very happy about. We created 300,000 jobs in February. That's getting to be a number that nobody would have believed, 300,000 jobs. [Applause]

Donald Trump: And really importantly, we've created almost 3 million jobs since Election Day, and if somebody would have said that that was going to happen, they would have said that's not possible, and you know, the candidate -- I wouldn't have said it, you would have lost all credibility in running. But we created almost 3 million, and in fact, it's now over, it's going to be very shortly over 3 million jobs since election day.

Donald Trump: A number that is just -- nobody would have believed that could have happened, so we're very proud of it. New jobless claims are down to a 50 year low, 50 years, new job claims.

Donald Trump: So we have nobody's seen that and jobless claims went down at a record pace over the last year and since the election day but they're down now to a 50 year low. A typical family in this area as an example, earning $75,000 a year will see their tax bill slashed in half. So they'll take home money, they can spend it or save it or do whatever they want to do with it. [Applause]

Donald Trump: And now the banks are getting stronger and a lot of good things are happening and they'll actually start getting a little interest on their money, and that's OK too, if you don't want to invest in the stock market, that's good, because for a while people were putting their money in the bank and getting no interest.

Donald Trump: And that really hurt a lot of families, especially families that save. You know, people were saving all their lives and then for a long period of time, they'd like to put their money in a bank and get interest, and they weren't getting interest on their money.

Donald Trump: And now they're getting interest on their money so it's another way, and the 401Ks are up 30, 40, in some cases much higher than that, percent for the year. And more than that from election day, so it's been really something great.

Donald Trump: So a lot of -- a lot of people are very happy. Families right here in Missouri will save more than $4 billion in taxes. And that's just for this year alone, $4 billion right in Missouri.

Donald Trump: And millions of workers are getting more bonuses, higher wages, and more take home pay. I mean they're going to have a lot more in terms of pay, and you know what, if they want to work here, they can work here, if they want to go -- this is bad news for Dennis I shouldn't say this, but if they want to go someplace else, they can go someplace else.

Donald Trump: People are having job alternatives now, they're able to go out and work where they want. Now I don't think anybody will ever leave Bowing, but you know, just in case they should want to, so I'm not so sure.

Donald Trump: I'm not sure Dennis wants to hear that, he wants to keep them here. But the fact is they're having four, five, six job offers now whereas before they had none, and that's really something that's special.

Donald Trump: So we have with us today a great group of people, great business owners, we have employees of the firm, we have a lot of tremendous people, and I think what I'd like to do is maybe quickly go around the room, say exactly who you are, what you do. I know you all love Bowing and you love Missouri, but maybe we could start, and we'll start with the Chamber of Commerce.

Dan Mehan: Thank you Mr. President, welcome to Missouri, and on behalf of all the employers in this great state, welcome to our state. I know we're talking about taxes today but your regulatory relief, the work on health insurance, and igniting the debate on infrastructure's been very, very helpful.

Dan Mehan: There's a lot of optimism around those three things, but the tax relief in particular has Missouri humming again. And a story that directly impacts the Missouri chamber, we hired a 22 year old fresh out of college last October, and this year in calendar '18 as a result of the tax relief, she will save $954. $954 extra dollars go into her pocket, so thank you very much for that.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.

Dan Mehan: We hear stories like that from all around the state from small, medium and large employers that you'll hear today.

Donald Trump: And a great job you do with the Chamber, we appreciate [Inaudible].

Dan Mehan: Thank you very much.

Donald Trump: Thank you, yes sir.

David Turner: Mr. President, David Turner, I'm Chairman CEO of Hawthorn Bank and Hawthorn Bank shares a publicly traded community bank headquartered in Jefferson City, Missouri. We are a $1.4 billion with 348 employees and 21 banking centers in the central and western part of Missouri.

David Turner: As a result of the tax relief, we were able to give a $1,000 bonus to all of our employees, a $500 bonus to our part time employees, in addition to that Mr. President, we've got a profit sharing plan.

David Turner: So in the future, our employees will continue to benefit from what you did with your leadership role to get that tax relief passed and I thank you very much.

Donald Trump: Well you know, the banking business has been a tough business and with all of the regulation and all of the problems, and we want strong regulation, but we want it to make sense and as you know, the banks are doing much better now, and they're able to loan, but we have a big one coming up.

Donald Trump: We have a bipartisan bill that hopefully will be voted on very shortly on Dodd-Frank and very important amendments, especially for the smaller banks and the community banks and I think it's going to be a very special bill for you. Are you following that?

David Turner: Yes, I am. I -- I actually thought it was -- might pass today.

Donald Trump: It might pass today. In fact, it could pass by the end of this meeting. Maybe we'll say, guess what, it just passed? But it's -- it's -- I think it's going to be very popular and it's really for the smaller banks. But they needed -- they needed help and we're very honored...

David Turner: It's refreshing to... [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: ... to loan a lot of money out to great customers, OK?

David Turner: Pardon?

Donald Trump: You'll be able to now loan money to great customers.

David Turner: Absolutely. Absolutely.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. Good.

David Turner: Thank you, sir.

Kevin Perz: President Trump, my names Kevin Perz and I work at Dynamic Fasteners, and we sell fasteners and power tools to the commercial industry with a primary emphasis of metal buildings. My background is I'm a nerdy engineer. So I'm completely out of my element in this room right now. But I'm very appreciative that I got invited. So thank you for that.

Donald Trump: You have a very good company. I know about your company. Very good job you've done. Thank you.

Kevin Perz: Thank you.