Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-immigration-roundtable-april-10-2019

Note: [This event was initially scheduled to be private, and was opened to the press in progress unexpectedly. As such, the video covering is incomplete. Parts of the transcript were obtained from different pieces of recordings, and the event was joined in progress.]

Donald Trump: [In progress] And we're just discussing, and I said what can I do for you folks to create more jobs and to do all the things that they've been doing really well, because the area is doing very well. And we start talking, and the first person gets up and said, sir, we have many people dying coming across the border.

Donald Trump: Because they'll come across the border, and it's a vast, vast area, and they'll be dropped off and they start walking. And they'll say Houston's right down the road, but is actually 300 miles away. And we find dead people from Guatemala, Honduras, from El Salvador, from Mexico all over. I said nobody ever said that.

Donald Trump: They say, well, they know it but the press doesn't talk about it. Many, many dead people, many. Also, they come in and raid their houses, and it's very dangerous. And they're told never to leave their house at night, and at the day -- during the day, always carry a gun and know how to use it. And where they have their fences -- because these are big ranches...

Donald Trump: [Video Begins] Where they have their fences, never go near the gate unless you have two people and -- especially at night, and make sure both of you are carrying a weapon, a gun. And I said nobody's ever told me this. This doesn't come out in the fake news and this doesn't come out in the press. And these people had no idea they were going to do this.

Donald Trump: But I said you know what? We have the media here. We have some very good people in the media here, actually. And I think it should be explained. Nobody's ever heard this. I don't think they've ever heard this. And maybe I'll start with Gene. Gene, maybe -- Gene, can you start?

Gene Powell: Sure. Sure.

Donald Trump: And we'll go through. But these are incredible stories. I had no idea. Nobody has any idea how bad this is. And this has been going on for many years, many, many years. But now they're coming up because the economy is so strong. But regardless, this has been going on and many people are dying. And the danger of living here, unless you know exactly what you're doing, is tremendous, where your wife carries a gun and she's trained in using it. But maybe you start off, Gene.

Gene Powell: Well, we've got a ranch north of Laredo, and there's a lot of oilfield activity going on. There's a certain gates that they use to come in, so there very heavily trafficked. And these MS-13 people and other gang affiliated people come across and know these roads exist and they sit by the gates. And instead of roughing the guy up to take his truck, when he's coming up there to open the gate to gauge the well or do whatever he's doing, they've killed him.

Gene Powell: And so, there's, you know, dead people out there that are just doing their job.

Donald Trump: Often.

Gene Powell: Trying to go out -- they're oilfield workers. And we've seen that down in our area.

Donald Trump: Often.

Gene Powell: Yep.

Donald Trump: And again, they all want the wall. If we had the wall, the -- the good people will not be able -- and they'll be -- and you'll see them on the other side of the wall. People can -- number one, they won't come because they'll say there's no way of getting through. Right now they think there is a way of getting through.

Donald Trump: And the people back home never hear about them. They start the walk that they think Houston's, you know, half a mile away but it's 300 miles. And it's desert. And I asked Mr. Powell, I said let me ask you a question. When you -- you know, when you do this, why aren't they -- like, why aren't people around to help these people?

Donald Trump: He said this is a vast state. It's a vast area. You look at it. I mean, the state's tremendous. We don't see that. You know, we come -- I come from New York. You have Fifth Avenue and that connects to Park Avenue. [Laughter] And it's not too far away. But this is, you know, hundreds of miles between places.

Donald Trump: And it's just -- I've heard some incredible stories. Does anyone want to go? You had told me something very interesting. Go ahead, please.

Unidentified: Less than 30 days ago, I had six people show up on my front porch of my house all dressed in black at 5:30 in the afternoon. So, just a scary thought, not knowing what those people are going to do to you or what they're going to say. And like you said, Mr. President, you don't want to go to the door and you don't want to answer it for sure.

Unidentified: So, it's just always make sure your gun's around and hope that they don't try and do anything to you. It's just a real scary feeling.

Donald Trump: And they're very expensive fences, but they don't want to go through the process of going through the fences. So again, they wait until the fence is open, the gate is open. They wait at the gates and they kill people, and they want to take the truck. A lot of times they don't even want to go to the house.

Donald Trump: They want to steal the truck. So, you always go to the gate in doubles. This has been going on for many years and it's coming up. I'm bringing it out because we're bringing out what's happening with our border. And these people are coming into our country. Some are dying during the walk. Many of those people, I'll bet, are very good people.

Donald Trump: But some are dying during the walk, many, many have died. That was what surprised me. I said how many, and one of the folks said, well, we had seven in the last fairly short period of time, seven. I said seven? That's one person said no, they're all over the part of Texas that we're talking about. That means they're all over other places...

Unidentified: Mr. President?

Donald Trump: ...Too, including New Mexico, California. Please.

Unidentified: This is out west in Sonora, Texas, and where 120 miles...

Donald Trump: Yeah...

Unidentified: ...from the nearest border.

Donald Trump: Right.

Unidentified: And remember, they don't come through the port of entry. The bad guys come through other places.

Donald Trump: And I've been saying that from day one --

Unidentified: So, they're not coming --

Donald Trump: Because it's common sense --

Unidentified: Through the port of entry --

Donald Trump: Right.

Unidentified: To see you. And the other thing is the demographics changed. It's not -- about 3 percent of it is actually Mexicans from Mexico. The -- they're Central Americans.

Donald Trump: You said 3 percent?

Unidentified: 3 percent are Mexican. The others are coming from Central America, South and Central America, and coming through. And they look different and they -- they're dressed in black, backpacks, got hoodies on. They are not good guys. It's a different deal than years ago. You'd put out some food, me casa su casa.

Unidentified: They come in, they get the food, they leave. You know they've been there that day. That -- that's different that it was years ago. Born in McAllen, lived all over Texas, I can tell you that it's different than it used to be.

Donald Trump: So, you're saying that the people from -- you said before Colombia and also from Guatemala?

Unidentified: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Honduras.

Unidentified: El Salvador.

Donald Trump: El -- are much tougher people and much more dangerous people?

Unidentified: Well, they're only sending the rough ones that carry the drugs and the different things.

Donald Trump: So, you -- that's says a lot.

Unidentified: So, you gotta follow the money.

Donald Trump: By the way, remember this. Those countries are sending the tough ones. They're sending the gang members. That's -- those are the people they're sending to the United States. Now, the Democrats don't want to do anything about it. I'm doing something about it. The Democrats don't want to do it. But he just said it. And Mr. Powell and all of you, we've talked about it. People from Mexico, they come in, they help with the farming, they go out, no problem.

Donald Trump: But they were saying that the people coming from much further away, they're sending the real killers, including MS-13, because they don't want them in Honduras and El Salvador and -- they don't want the gangs, so there sending them to our country. And they probably are the ones that run out of water and run out of food.

Unidentified: No.

Donald Trump: Right?

Unidentified: No.

Donald Trump: They're -- do you have something to say, Lieutenant Governor?

Dan Patrick: Well, let me tell you, we can document well over 1,000 dead bodies over the last five to six to seven years. That's the ones that we find. You go to Brooks County. You want to do a good story? Go down to Brooks County. They have the photographs of children, pregnant women, older people, the people who are at risk.

Dan Patrick: You leave them out in the middle of nowhere when it's 100 degrees with a half a gallon of water, you die. They don't care about these people. And the Democrats never talk about the humanitarian crisis not just on our side of the border protecting our citizens, but these poor people who are subjugated to these gangsters, these cartels who are bringing these people here, charging them thousands of dollars and leaving them to die, leaving them to die, taking advantage of the most vulnerable.

Dan Patrick: Where are the people in Washington to stand up for these children, these women, the senior citizens? Where are they? Bring them down. Mr. President, let the Democrats come down to Brooks County. Let them come down to any of these ranches. Let them see these bodies. Let them see the skeletons. We have the photographs.

Dan Patrick: Call my office. We'll get them to you.

Donald Trump: One of the folks back here was saying that -- I said really? How often does that happen? All the time. How many have you seen? Eleven. Eleven over what period of time? Over a short period of time, 11 bodies. And they -- if it's not the bodies, they are attacked. They are accosted. \ And very importantly, these people come into our country long beyond Texas.

Donald Trump: I mean, they go into our -- our states that have nothing to do, you would think, with the border. But they go in. They go into -- the deeper the better. And it is really a disgrace, and nobody talks about it. You don't have anybody talking about it. And I even said -- even my Republican colleagues, and they're with us all the way, but they don't hear these stories.

Donald Trump: I never heard the story. This was not a scheduled news conference. You people are here. This was not scheduled, as you know. I said to these people can you tell the press, because this is the thing that's been going on for years. I mean, when your wife, when she doesn't carry, she doesn't have a chance where you can't go up to a gate and open the gate without a guy standing there with a rifle because people want to steal your truck and they'll do it and kill you.

Donald Trump: They'll kill you, take your truck, sometimes go in, rob the house, then who the hell can live like this? And it's not just here at the border. But these are stories that I've never heard before and I've been doing this stuff very intentionally for two and a half years.

Unidentified: Mr. President, I think it's really -- I think it's really important that this group, and I think everybody here would tell you the same thing. All of us have lived a long time in Texas. We are very proud of the multicultural nature of the state. We have -- we are biracial, we have tremendous friends, family members from Mexico.

Unidentified: Mexican origins and their house. We all love each other and we get along great. That's not what we're talking about here. People will call us racist for -- for bringing this up. We've been living in a bicultural world for many years and gotten along fine. My grandparents moved to South Texas along the border in 1918. So what we're talking about today, things have changed.

Donald Trump: Tell them. Please tell them.

Unidentified: It has changed. We're not talking about citizens from Mexico who come here to do agricultural work. I remember having Bracero (SP) camp, the Bracero program back in the '50s down of the Valley and the workers come across in buses, they did the work and the weekend they went back. Everyone got along and we had eight -- we had a great relationship.

Unidentified: Things have changed. This is -- the central Americans and the cartels. The cartels, the smuggling of people, the moving of people, we had right here in San Antonio within last year we had a truck load of -- of people die in a Walmart parking lot where the reefer -- refrigeration unit went out and they -- and they died.

Unidentified: And this is happening all the time. They're moving people 50, 60 people packed into a reefer truck to take them north and they --

Donald Trump: -- And you are also --

Unidentified: -- People die in those trucks.

Donald Trump: But you're also saying that the people coming up from areas that you, you know, did used to have a long time ago but you have over the last, let's say 10 years, you're saying the level of toughness is much different than it used to be.

Unidentified: Yes, right.

Donald Trump: They were saying that -- you have to hear some of the stories. And again, I don't think -- I said look, anybody want to not -- everybody said they'll agree to go and do this. I thought you'd have some that would say I don't want to get involved. But the stories are incredible about the level of toughness, the gangs, the craziness -- they're crazy and they're coming in. And those countries are sending them up. I -- I have no doubt that Honduras and Guatemala and El Salvador and Columbia with its new president, but unfortunately their drug business has gone up 50 percent since he's been there, those countries are sending them because they don't want them in their country.

Donald Trump: They're sending them to the United States because they think that the people in the United States are stupid and they take them. And we are represented by Democrats that don't want to hear it because to them, they'll take anybody. They don't care about crime, they just want to get votes. They think these are all going to be votes for them someday, and other reasons.

Donald Trump: Maybe they want to look make the country look bad. But let me tell you, we have a problem and you people expressed it far better than anybody I've heard. I can't believe it. How many did you find last month? Well, seven died on their ranch on one ranch. Seven. I said what are you talking about, seven? They start walking and it is the expanse.

Donald Trump: That's the thing, nobody knows the expanse. Nobody knows what we're talking about because it's so big. The state and this whole area, the border -- the border is big. We're talking about 2000 miles and these people start walking and this scum, the coyotes. The law -- the worst scum in the world, the coyotes, and they take their last amount of money, they leave them nothing and they give them some water and a sandwich, and they start walking and they have hundreds of miles to walk.

Dan Patrick: Leave them to die. They leave them to die.

Donald Trump: They leave them to die and their dying all over the place and nobody knows it.

Dan Patrick: No one should have to die to come to America. You know, we need legal immigration reform, obviously, but no one should have to die to come to America. And that's what the cartels are driving.

Donald Trump: Ad if you had a wall on the other side, you had a wall, they wouldn't be able to get through. And they are easy to -- you know, you can take, on a humanitarian basis, you can have food cars, you can have trucks, you can take them to someplace where they can be taken care of and it won't come. You won't have so many because if they know they can't get through, they're not going to come.

Donald Trump: All of a sudden, they're not going to come. And we are building a lot of wall. You know, the other day I saw the fake news. They were saying I didn't build a wall. You know why? Because they said I ripped down a wall because I just left with them, a lot of these people. We ripped down a wall that was dead.

Donald Trump: It was useless. We ripped and we built a new one. They said that one was already there. We built a brand-new wall, we showed it to them, and some of them, because they are dishonest deal, some of them said we didn't build a wall. Why did we build a wall question mark because there was a wall already there.

Donald Trump: But what they don't say is we ripped it down because it was worthless, it was garbage. And people walked right through it. So we built an incredible new wall it was even my design, my design, our contractors, they just left. The tractor marks are right there, the machinery is still there, and these people left, they said we didn't build a wall.

Donald Trump: The wall was already there. Your dishonest people, many of you, and many of you aren't. This is a very important story. People are dying. Great people are dying. Bad people are coming up. You have both. You have the gang members that are being thrown out by these countries because they don't want them and they figure let the United States handle it. We're not going to do it. And then we have judges in the Ninth Circuit in particular, but we have judges that will rule against us no matter what.

Donald Trump: Two days ago, we had a judge ruled against us because he said he doesn't want people staying in Mexico. Mexico is too dangerous. Let them come in here. This is crazy. It's crazy. So I thought that even though this was not a planned news conference, I thought this was so important to say where you have people dying all over the place and when you mentioned a thousand, Dan, I think it's much, much more than a thousand.

Dan Patrick: Just the ones we've been able to find and count. So --

Donald Trump: -- Over the last short while --

Dan Patrick: -- Many more.

Donald Trump: Does anybody else have anything to say: would you like to say anything?

Unidentified: Well Lieutenant Governor, you're right. Once you find on the road.

Dan Patrick: Right.

Unidentified: You have to either find them on horseback or with a helicopter. And so that's when you find them. And there's no telling how many more. It's like doing a deer count. You can't find all the deer.

Donald Trump: They're dying in the brush.

Unidentified: Yeah, exactly.

Dan Patrick: I just know the ones that have been counted. There's a group that goes -- of citizens, Mr. President, Brooks County, and for years they've been going out trying to document the story. And they get a little bit of coverage every now and then, the media doesn't follow it. And so, you're absolutely right. That's the just the ones they've counted.

Dan Patrick: Again --

Unidentified: -- The University of Texas at San Antonio has got a group of people who volunteer their time and their anthropology department to go down and document these graves, take dental samples, DNA samples, and try to identify the people who have passed so that they can notify their next of kin either in Mexico or in South America.

Unidentified: And they are doing this out of the goodness of their heart to try to give these families closure. It's horrible that we have to have a group of people that spend their spare time in the brush country of South Texas documenting poor people who have passed away because somebody told them Houston was -- and America was just over the hill.

Donald Trump: So I said, what's the solution? You live here, you know the area so well, but you know the border better than anybody. This is in the border. The border is a ways away but you get plenty of action even appear but the border is down there but many of them are involved with the border. What's the -- what -- what really is the answer?

Donald Trump: It's that you've got to have a wall. You've got have a wall. If you don't have a wall, it's never going to end. Dangerous people are coming here and the good people are dying. The good people are dying. And the good people are being robbed and being killed by the bad people. They are being killed by gang members because some of them have a little money left after giving it to the coyotes.

Donald Trump: They have money left. And the gang members will take the money from the good people and let them die or kill them, MS-13 and others. It would be so great if you'd write a straight story and let -- let the world know. I mean, this is a small group of people that are good people. If you could let the world really know what's happening, this is so important.

Donald Trump: From a humanitarian -- not because of Trump, from a humanitarian standpoint, I had no -- nobody has any idea how bad it has been for many years. So there it is. There's our press conference. Thank you all very much.

Question: Mr. President, are you frustrated by the fact that your staff, border patrol, your immigration folks haven't told you this in the past? I mean, you said you expressed some --

Donald Trump: No, because I can understand them not saying it. They been saying we need a wall. We need a wall badly. They have told me many other things but they haven't. This is a group of people that I just said what can I do for you and -- and they actually started out by saying sir, many people are dying. I said what are you talking about?

Question: And also, sir...

Donald Trump: -- Because I'll bet you've been covering the stuff for a long time too. You haven't heard stories like this. This is an incredible story.

Question: Also sir, this is a campaign event, your campaign manager is right there. How well do you think this issue, broadly speaking, raising immigration, raising a border wall --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Question: Is that important...

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Question: ...for you as you campaign for reelection?

Donald Trump: It's funny, I have a lot of people standing out there waiting for me to speak and it's really a campaign event and I don't -- I couldn't care less about the campaign. This is not a campaign, this is now telling people whatever it -- it's really telling the truth. We have to do something about it. Nobody's ever heard that.

Donald Trump: Hey, your reporters. You've occur covered this thing for many years, the whole thing with the border, we've all been involved with the border. I've been involved probably less time than you have but I know what's going on. From the time I made my first speech at Trump Tower when I mentioned the word rape and everybody went crazy because that turned out to be nothing compared to what happens on those journeys out.

Donald Trump: Nothing. My speech was so tame as it turned out. No, this is just something I'm sitting here, we're talking, I said what can we do? And one of the folks at this table said very specifically, many, many people are dying. They're dying all over our fields. They're dying on their fields all over. Who was the one that said they'll go out to the field and they'll find bodies all the time?

Donald Trump: Somebody said it. Who was it? That was you.

Unidentified: That was all of us.

Donald Trump: All of them. All of them. They go out there and find bodies. Excuse me, they go over, they find bodies lying all over the field including many pregnant women. Many pregnant women. They give it a little water, go out and start walking. Walk to Dallas, and Dallas is 250 miles away. It's -- it's really bad, you really should cover it right.

Donald Trump: This has nothing to do with politics, this has nothing to do with campaigning or my campaign, this is totally unexpected that I'd have you in here. But these people said it better than anybody else could say it because they have to live it and it's dangerous and it's really from a humane standpoint, a humanitarian standpoint, it's horrible.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much, everybody.

Question: Mr. President -- Mr. President inaudible are you considering Chris Kobach to be your Homeland Security Secretary?

Donald Trump: I have respect for him, but I haven't really thought about that. I'm very happy right now with Kevin. I will say this, I would really rather have you focus on this topic than -- you could ask me a million questions about a million things and I'd love to answer them, but I will -- I will say that -- I will say that I think you should really focus on this.

Donald Trump: This is a very important development that the press has not covered. You don't cover this. You don't cover this. How is it possible that you have bodies lying all over these big areas and nobody talks about it? And Dan was telling me that the press doesn't want to write about it.

Dan Patrick: No, we've -- we've tried to bring this story up time and time again on television and in print and, you know, one day and it's -- and it's a non-story. And to me, it's the biggest story, Mr. President, because when vulnerable people are taking advantage of by the cartels to make a buck, they are sending them to their death.

Donald Trump: The make a lot of bucks.

Dan Patrick: They're sending them to their death, and they know they're sending them to their death. And it happens over and over again.

Question: Mr. President, Could you introduce the people who spoke to us today so that we have their names correctly?

Donald Trump: I could, if you want. Do you want to do that? We'll just do it very quickly because we have to go and we have a lot of people waiting.

Unidentified: We will help you.