Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-el-paso-officers-communications-center-august-7-2019

Donald Trump: Well, I just want to thank you. We've done some stops today. We went to Ohio and we just went to a hospital. And they've done an incredible -- just an incredible job. And we were there for a long time. We thought it would be there for a little time. But the love in that place, and the job that the doctors, nurses -- everybody.

Donald Trump: But all over the world, they're talking about the job you've done as police, as law enforcement, as first responders. The job you've done is incredible, and everybody is talking about it. And I wanted to come and thank you because you're very special people. Nobody like you. There's nobody better.

Donald Trump: There's nobody like you. And, Chief, I want to thank you.

Greg Allen: Thank you, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: What a reputation you have -- meaning, good. You know that. Meaning, good. [Laughter]

Greg Allen: I hope so.

Donald Trump: But what a reputation -- like a winner. And you showed it this last week, because that was something we don't want to have to see again. And I know he went out as a coward. He gave up. He just gave up. So explain what happened exactly.

Greg Allen: Well, when confronted by law enforcement, he saw that he didn't have the courage to confront the law enforcement in a deadly-force manner. He gave himself up. We'll be introducing you to some of the officers that [Inaudible].

Donald Trump: I'd like that. Very good. Very good.

Greg Allen: And all these people in this room gathered about right now contributed to the success of this successful conclusion in bringing him to justice, as far as his arrest.

Donald Trump: Well, that's great. And we have the governor here -- our great governor, Greg. Thank you very much. And, Dan, we have -- Dan Patrick, Lieutenant Governor. And we have a man -- where's John? We have a man who is very important. Thirty-eight years old. Thirty-eight. John, do the job. Do the -- come on up here, John.

John Bash: Yes, sir.

Donald Trump: We're counting on you, John, to do the job. Right?

John Bash: Of course.

Donald Trump: We have no doubt. We have no doubt. But we want to thank everybody, and your -- your people are special. I know all over the world, they're talking about the job you did. This is really something. Thank you very much, Chief. [Trump and Allen meet with law enforcement personnel]

Greg Allen: Let me introduce you to the city manager of El Paso. [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: You know I just left. We made a speech here about three months ago.

Greg Allen: That's right.

Donald Trump: So it's a good feeling. You know that, right? [Laughter]

Greg Allen: This is Mario D'Agostino, the fire chief. Emmerson Buie, my counterpart in the FBI.

Unidentified: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: Yes, please.

Note: [Donald Trump is introduced to personnel at the regional communications center. He is too distant to be recorded for part of the time. Various members of the media are recorded]

Unidentified: One thing unique about the Texas Ranger badge [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: Oh, that's good. [Laughter]

Note: [Inaudible, press moved away from introductions.]

Unidentified: First officer on the scene [Inaudible]

Note: [Inaudible, press tries to get closer.]

Unidentified: And this is a rookie officer [Inaudible] on the job. He also went in with no hesitation. This is, uh, these two officers are detectives in the homicide unit. They are actually interviewing the suspect.

Donald Trump: [Inaudible]

Unidentified: And this is the [Inaudible] who cuffed the individual, Sergio Martinez.

Sergio Martinez: It's an honor.

Donald Trump: It's my honor. It's my honor. Thank you very much. Thanks Sergio. Appreciate it. Fantastic people. Fantastic. Thank you very much. Thank you. Appreciate it very much.

Greg Allen: And you know these --

Donald Trump: Oh, I know. These people I know.

Unidentified: You believe these heroes?

Donald Trump: [Inaudible] We appreciate it .

Note: [Donald Trump meets with personnel, mostly inaudible]

Unidentified: Sir, this is 17 of the 140 plus Customs and Border Protection officers who made [Inaudible] to assist the El Paso P.D. I'd like to introduce you -- So this is Assistant Director of Field Operations. He served as officer in command of [Inaudible]

Unidentified: Mr. President.

Donald Trump: You did a good a good job right.

Unidentified: He did a fantastic job.

Donald Trump: He's the greatest.

Melania Trump: Nice to meet you.

Unidentified: Mr. President [Inaudible] She was the officer inside the Wal-Mart. She's the one that the hospital said -- she -- the action ``

Donald Trump: She saved the one gentleman.

Unidentified: Yes sir.

Donald Trump: I saw you on television the other night. [Inaudible] You saved him. You did a good job. You did exactly what you [Inaudible]

Unidentified: Thank you sir.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. Great job.

Unidentified: This is Officer Rodriguez. She was one of the first officers on the scene. She actually joined forces with EPS and actually made entry into the Wal-Mart just in case there was additional threats there.

Donald Trump: So you didn't know exactly what was going on? You went in there --

Officer Rodriguez: Yes. We were completely -- We went in completely blinded.

Unidentified: In addition to that, she actually -- one of the victims was her uncle.

Officer Rodriguez: My uncle passed away, unfortunately. My cousin, he's in ICU at the moment, still fighting for his life.

Donald Trump: Did you know that at the time when you were going in? Did you have any idea that they were there?

Officer Rodriguez: No, I -- I didn't hesitate to respond to the call. I actually, after her call, not expecting to have any relatives involved in the shooting. So --

Donald Trump: But you knew immediately this was like the real deal. This was just -- you could tell there were bullets and this was a bad scene.

Unidentified: Absolutely sir.

Donald Trump: It didn't take long.

Unidentified: No, we could here it coming right away.

Unidentified: Do you want your book signed?

Unidentified: I would love to have this book signed.

Donald Trump: Oh, come on, let's go.

Unidentified: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: Let's do it.

Unidentified: If you could just sign right here.

Donald Trump: I'll do it right here. Give me one of those specials pens. Give me one of those pens. Give me one of them, yeah. One for you, not for me. This is fine. Thank you darling. [Inaudible] Thank you very much.

Unidentified: Hi. [Inaudible] We're honored [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: Well, you've grown up nicely. That's beautiful. That's your boy. So that was just recently. Good looking guy. Is that what he wants to do.

Unidentified: Yes sir. Marine Corps.

Donald Trump: He's beautiful. What's his first name.

Unidentified: Frankie, or Frank.

Donald Trump: Y or -ie.

Unidentified: -ie. He's beautiful. He's great.

Unidentified: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: Yeah, what was that. Was that a photo bomb? Say hello to him. Thank you man. [Inaudible]

Melania Trump: Nice to meet you.

Unidentified: Sir, so this is Agent [Inaudible]. So he responded instantaneously, and he really coordinated the 140 personnel -- our VORTAC, our tactical team, our medical team, our peer support, our air support, and he went to the incident command and he really coordinated that on behalf of CBP.

Donald Trump: Great job.

Unidentified: Thank you sir.

Donald Trump: It was perfect coordination.

Unidentified: Appreciate it.

Donald Trump: They're all talking about it. All over the world, they're all talking about the job you're doing.

Unidentified: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: Fantastic job.

Unidentified: And sir, the rest of these individuals, again they provided the tactical support, the medical support, the peer support, and air support. Again, they were 17 of the 140 personnel from CBP that responded.

Donald Trump: Who's gonna -- who's going to mess around with these people?

Unidentified: I don't think anybody sir.

Unidentified: Thank you. Thank you Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. It's my honor. Thank you very much. [Shakes hands] Yes. They work together well. They work together well. [Inaudible] How are you. Thank you very much.

Donald Trump: So I want to just thank everybody again.

Donald Trump: The job you've done is incredible. And we're with you all the way. We -- I can tell you, we've sent you a lot of equipment over the last two and half years -- getting close to three years, hard to believe. But a lot of equipment came your way. A lot of equipment that wasn't being used came your way -- the military equipment that you have that wasn't going to be distributed for some reason.

Donald Trump: Someday, somebody will explain why. But that was the way it was. But it was a lot different. And you deserve it. But we are with you 100 percent. And the Chief knows: Any problems, he just calls me and I'm there. You know that, right?

Greg Allen: Yes, sir. [Applause]