Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-leaked-recording-un-mission-september-26-2019

Donald Trump: Kelly, you're going to be a star and the only way you're a star, no matter how you look or feel and talk is when you make good deals. OK. I found that out [Inaudible] You got to make good deals, otherwise it's over. And she's going to make good deals. I was with her now for three days and she's developed incredible relationships in a very short period of time and we appreciate it and you'll be out there, you'll be in the firing line today for instance.

Donald Trump: I just heard it. Well, you know, while I'm coming up here. You know that whistle blower, I was -- [Laughter] turns out to be a fake. He's a fake highly partisan whistleblower. The lawyers contribute to buying -- they contribute -- The whole thing is -- But more important, you know the whistleblower was?

Donald Trump: The same letter that we announced yesterday, which was perfect, It was -- I couldn't have written it better if I wrote it myself. I could not have said or had a better conversation. And we had a really nice gentleman in the president of Ukraine yesterday. And he was -- he was great. They said, "Was he pressuring you?" You know, these animals in the press.

Donald Trump: They're animals actually. Some of the worst human beings you'll ever meet. [Audience members calls out "Fake news"] Fake news, fake news. They're scum, many of them are scum. You have some good reporters but not many, I'll be honest with you. But -- And that's one of the things we battle. You'll find out, but they'll probably like you better than they like me, but I had to get us here, right? [Audience member calls out "Right"]

Donald Trump: But they're total -- just terrible dishonest people and they were -- they couldn't figure out what do we say bad about this conversation. Then it turns out that they had senators, Democrat senators went over there and strong-armed the guy. "You better damn well do this or you're not going to get any money from Congress." Oh, I see, that's OK? And then you have Sleepy Joe Biden, who's dumb as a rock.

Donald Trump: [Laughter] This guy was dumb on his best day, and he's not having his best day right now. He's dumb as a rock. So you have Sleepy Joe, and he goes up, and his kid, who's got a lot of problems, he got thrown out of the Navy. Full of problems. I mean, look, I'm not going to -- it's a problem, that's a problem, so we won't get into why and all that.

Donald Trump: But he got thrown out of the Navy, and now this kid goes into Ukraine, walks away with millions of dollars, and he becomes a consultant for 50,000 a month. And he doesn't know anything compared to anybody in this room. OK. He's a stiff, he knows nothing. He's walking away with 50,000, or as you would say in the old days 50K a month.

Donald Trump: Not bad. Would anybody else in this room like to represent Ukraine for 50,000 a month -- [Audience cheers] That's on top -- you got the job -- that's on top of hundreds of thousands and millions of dollars. But that's not the best one. The best one was China. This came up. So now he goes to China, and I was with the head of Blackstone which is the big deal, Steve Schwarzman.

Donald Trump: I said, "Steve, is that possible?" "No, why? Why? Who got that? Who did that?" I said. "Biden's son." "Who?" Well then you know he says, "Maybe I shouldn't get involved, you know it's very political." But I say -- I say "Steve, what happens when you come off a vice presidential plane, it's called Air Force Two, your father's with you, you walk into a room in China and they give you a fund of $1.5 billion, billion, you make hundreds of thousands of dollars and millions of dollars off that."

Donald Trump: And that's probably not all they gave him. They gave him plenty more, I'm sure. We might never find out. And then they talk about me, and I didn't do anything. I don't know if I'm the most innocent person in the world. [Laughter] But you know you look at that, most presidential, I just said I'm the most presidential except for possibly Abe Lincoln when he wore the hat, that was tough to beat. [Laughter]

Donald Trump: Honest Abe, when he wore that hat, that was tough to beat. But I can't do that, that hat wouldn't work for me. Yeah, I have better hair than him. But Honest Abe was tough to beat. Remember we used to do that during the campaign. They used to say, when I speak, the crowd would be crazy, I'd go crazy, we would all go crazy.

Donald Trump: We had a lot of fun together, right? We had 25,000 -- We have -- we've never had an empty seat. From the day I came down the escalator, with a potential, unbelievable woman who became a first lady. [Applause] [Inaudible] The crowds loved her, the people love her. But we've never had an empty seat, not one.

Donald Trump: I remem -- Yeah, I wouldn't believe that. There was one case where we had a tremendous snowstorm, and it was just about frozen. [Inaudible] It was like a monster storm, I don't even know how I got there. I said, "How's the crowd?" "It's just not full, sir." I said what does that mean. There's like two seats on top.

Donald Trump: Thousands and thousands of people couldn't get there. So they show pictures of the empty seats. They don't say there's a -- there's a -- the worst storm they've had in years. They show pictures of like nine empty seats. They could have been people just went to the bathroom together, right? [Laughter] But I never -- I always say just get the biggest arena.

Donald Trump: Good location if you can, but get the biggest arena. We did it the other night, Tuesday night. We had two congressmen, one who was possibly going to win, he was up by two, he won by about 27, I think, or something like that. A lot. The other one was down by 17. And they said, "Sir, don't campaign for him please." "Why?" "Because if he loses, they're going to kill you, the press." I said they're going to kill me whether I campaign or not.

Donald Trump: It'll make it a little bit worse. They'll say he worked and he failed. Trump failed. The guy was down 17 points and he ended up winning by a lot. In fact, the whole night, CNN would built the most beautiful $2 million -- maybe they spent the [Inaudible] arrested. No ratings and they're building studios all over the place.

Donald Trump: But they had a studio -- The studio was going to stay up for weeks, and toward the end of the night, they were taking it down. Their so-called stars were leaving. They had stars. They're not going to stars, OK. They have less than seven -- But they were taking the stars were leaving and they weren't that important.

Donald Trump: But the candidate, Dan Bishop, won by a lot. He was down by 17, and they had lines a mile long. I mean, the lines going into those -- voting booths were unbelievable. And without the rally speech, and a couple of tweets and Twitter stuff is good. We have like way over 100 million people on six or seven different platforms.

Donald Trump: It's actually much higher than that, higher than just about everybody. And it helps. It helps. They have signs oftentimes when I speak. It said, "Please keep -- " This woman the other night, beautiful woman, she's got a son, "Please keep tweeting sir, it matters." And it does matter, because we get our voice out.

Donald Trump: If we don't do that, we don't get the voice out. I can't say what a great job Kelly is doing, and I can't say what a wonderful husband she had. Look at how devoted he is. He's a rich man, too. [Laughter] He's loaded. What are you doing here? Why are you working? He's so proud of his wife he can't leave his office.

Donald Trump: That's really great though, huh? Are you all proud of her? He said very much. And he's really a fantastic guy, he's been a friend of mine for a long time. Before I met Kelly, I met Joe. And Joe impressed me because of his knowledge of energy. Now he could be paid, OK. You're going to pay a guy 50 -- now he went dead. [Laughter]

Donald Trump: For him that's not -- not quite good enough, although he might. He might. It's easy money, Joe, you have to say, right? But he would be an expert on energy, he would be a real expert. He would be somebody you would pay a lot of money too, but not Joe Biden's son. So the whistleblower came out and said nothing.

Donald Trump: Said a couple of people told me he had a conversation with Ukraine. We're at war. These people are sick. They're sick. And nobody's called them out like I do. I don't understand. People are afraid to call them out. They're afraid to say that the press is crooked. We have a crooked press. We have a dishonest media.

Donald Trump: So now they're devastated, but they'll always find something. I'm sure there'll be something they'll find in this report that will suit their lie. But basically, that person never saw the report, never saw the call, they never saw the call, heard something, and decided that he or she or whoever the hell it is, sort of like almost a spy.

Donald Trump: I want to know who's the person that gave the whistleblower -- who's the person that gave the whistleblower the information, because that's close to a spy. You know what we used to do in the old days when we were smart? Right? With spies and treason, right? We used to handle them a little differently than we do now. [Laughter]

Donald Trump: Now you have guys like little Adam Schiff defending you. Little Adam. He says "pencil neck." That name stuck. He's got [Inaudible] and neck is about too big, because you can't buy shirts that small. He was never a coal miner, Joe, let's put it that way. I don't think he worked in the mines. Do you think?

Donald Trump: I don't think so. These miners come out, we love our miners. They come out and have hands on -- I'm going to shake -- "I love you, sir. I love you, sir." But we gave them back their jobs. They were dead. And you know, Hillary came here just before, West Virginia says, "No, we want the miners. We will go to retrain them." And [Inaudible] Can you imagine a miner with, you know, massive arms shoulders, they love what they're doing, sitting in a line, you know the tiny widgets. [Laughter]

Donald Trump: They're running a little tiny computer parts together. They're big, strong -- They don't want to be doing that. And I said to them, [Inaudible] got angry. And I said to him, "That was supposing. Is there any chance -- Supposing we take you out of that business and we do retrain you and you're going to take it out." Again, they almost threw up all of my assistants.

Donald Trump: And it's a funny thing, you know, to me I call it dangerous and rough stuff. But it's become much safer. In Australia, now they have no black-lung disease. They really get all of the dust out of there. They've done a fantastic job. We'll copy that to our system. We give -- we give credit where credit is due.

Donald Trump: But it's incredible. But you know they're talking about retraining these guys. And by the way, I was thinking of that too and walking in and I look at these big rough guys they said no, they don't want to do that, and I said, "Would you want that? Would you want any retraining?" And the one [Inaudible] say, "Sir, my great grandfather was a miner, my grandfather, my father, and I'm a miner, and we love our life.

Donald Trump: We want to dig coal. That's what we wanted to do, sir. We don't want anything else. We want to just dig coal." It's true. You couldn't -- If I said I'm going to give you an apartment on Fifth Avenue. You come with me you're going to have a great time in New York. They would say no thank you, it's just the way it is, you know.

Donald Trump: That's their life and that's what they want, their life. They don't want to -- They don't want to try any different and I understand that. I'm the only fool that decided to do something. I had a great life and I said, "Let's run for president and [Inaudible] this country out." And we've been hit harder than anybody in history. [Audience member calls out "Great job", Applause]

Donald Trump: [Inaudible] people, no rich guy's ever [Inaudible] for politics, that I can tell you. If anybody did this, I don't think they're going to run. But I love doing it. And I guess I love it because we've made so much progress and you're really a big part of that.

Donald Trump: And you know our deputy permanent representative Ambassador Jonathan Cohn may be here. Jonathan. Where's Jonathan, is he here? [Applause] [Inaudible] Doing a good job, right? I hear, everybody saying what a good job he's doing. So Jonathan, thank you. Good luck. Do well. You got plenty to work on China.

Donald Trump: We have plenty of, I call them, points of confliction, right? Points of confliction. But you don't realize how important you are and what you do, you make it all possible. And I've always said about the United Nations. It has more potential than any institution that I've ever deal with. It really does.

Donald Trump: It hasn't lived up to its potential. It's starting to more -- I think one of the reasons is because I feel that way I will use the United Nations to our benefit as a country and because I'm doing it, others are doing it and also getting together and doing things differently. And Nikki did a great job. And Kelly's going to do a great job and it's very important -- this position was so important.

Donald Trump: So important. It's another thing that I think was underrated that the importance of your position, I think it was very underrated. But you have the right person in that position but the United Nations is going to finally live up to its potential. It's -- it's really -- it's really got something. And I like your secretary general.

Donald Trump: He's really working hard. He's always on the ball. He's always there if you need him. I really like him so I think he has, you know, I think he has the stuff, the right stuff as they say it, right? You know as they set it: Think up over a good movie. But I just came over this morning. I wanted to thank you.

Donald Trump: I want to congratulate and I want to congratulate Jonathan Kelly and I didn't know Joe was going to be here. But I'm happy to see you, Joe. And you folks are fantastic. And just keep it going. We've got it really rocking, we're looking good and we're looking good for another four years and now we've got [Applause] [Inaudible] I want to say that I have the same group of reporters.

Donald Trump: I say we're looking good for another four years and then everyone to another four, maybe [Inaudible] [Laughter] And they got [Inaudible] He goes, "You know he's going to win, don't you?" It's just some idiot that he's interviewing. Says, "You know he's going to win?" "No, no. I think we'd -- " "You didn't know he's going to win.

Donald Trump: And you know he's not living, don't you?" [Laughter] And you guys know I'm going to win. He's not leaving. He's not leaving after -- And I thought he was kidding. It's been [Inaudible]. So did anybody ever seen the Time magazine where we have it, 2020, 2024, 2028, 2030, in other words, you know, we do that, I think drives them freaking crazy. [Applause]

Donald Trump: So I just want to thank you. Congratulations to Kelly and Johnson and everybody in this room, you make it work and it's so important that it's called world peace and we got to have it. We'll have it. We'll have it. We have a lot of good things going , tremendous things. Problems with India and Pakistan, big problems with North Korea, we're doing all right, we have a pretty good relationship going.

Donald Trump: I'll tell you, we have a good relationship going. But we have a lot of great things going and you make it possible. Thank you very much, everybody. [Applause]