Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-bilat-merkel-germany-june-28-2019

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. It's great to be with Chancellor Merkel, a friend of mine -- a great friend of mine. And we've had a terrific relationship. The trade between Germany and the United States, I think, has reached a -- pretty much a high level. We'll see if we can do even better, but it's reached a level that it's never reached before.

Donald Trump: And we have many things to talk about, and we have a long meeting scheduled. And we'll be spending some time later on together also. But I just want to say she's a fantastic person, a fantastic woman, and I'm glad to have her as a friend. And thank you very much, Angela. Thank you.

Angela Merkel: Thank you.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Angela Merkel: [Via Interpreter] Thank you. Thank you very much. I very much look forward to our exchange today. We have a lot on our agenda, especially the fact that German investment in the United States is very important. Not only bilateral trade is important but also German companies are investing a lot in the United States of America.

Angela Merkel: [Via Interpreter] We're going to talk about international issues, the developments on the international front too, especially about what has been happening in West Africa. We will be also talking about counterterrorism, and I very much look forward to that exchange. Of course, Iran will also be on our agenda today.

Donald Trump: I just passed a television set on the way here, and I saw that healthcare, and maximum healthcare, was given to 100 percent of the illegal immigrants coming into our country, by the Democrats. And, unfortunately, they didn't discuss what they're giving to American citizens. That's not a good thing. So we just passed that, and then I came here.

Donald Trump: And I will say that we're going to have a very interesting time today. You know, they have a debate going on. They had the first debate last night. Perhaps you saw it. It wasn't very exciting -- I can tell you that. And they have another one going on today. They definitely have plenty of candidates. That's about it. So I look forward to spending time with you rather than watching the debate. Thank you.

Question: President Trump, do you think Germany is living up to your expectations for them in terms of their defense commitments?

Donald Trump: The Chancellor is a great friend of mine. She's a great friend of mine. Thank you.