Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-expanded-bilat-kim-north-korea-hanoi-february-28-2019

Donald Trump: Are you all having a good time in Hanoi? Everybody having a good time? Everybody? Jeff? I hope.

Question: Chairman Kim, are you ready to denuclearize? Are you ready to give up your nuclear weapons?

Kim Jong-un: [Via Interpreter] If I'm not willing to do that, I won't be here right now.

Donald Trump: That's a good answer. Wow. That might be the best answer you've ever heard.

Question: Are you willing to take concrete steps to denuclearize, or not quite yet?

Kim Jong-un: [Via Interpreter] That is what we are discussing right now.

Donald Trump: And don't raise your voice, please. This isn't like dealing with Trump.

Kim Jong-un: [Via Interpreter] They all seem to be, you know, anxious.

Donald Trump: I think they're anxious and they're calm.

Question: Chairman Kim, are you discussing human rights with President Trump?

Donald Trump: We're discussing everything. So I just want to thank everybody for being here. We're having very productive discussions. We'll see where it all goes. But we are having very productive discussions, and we appreciate it. I think we're having a press conference later on, and we'll then be heading out back to our respective homes.

Donald Trump: But, you know, I think we've had very, very productive discussions, and the relationship is as good as it's ever been. Better. I think better.

Question: President Trump, is the time right for an end of the war with a political declaration?

Donald Trump: A political what?

Question: Political statement to end the war. Is the time right for that?

Donald Trump: I think that no matter what happens, we're going to ultimately have a deal that's really good for Chairman Kim and his country, and for us. I think, ultimately, that's what's going to happen. That's where it's all leading. It doesn't mean we're doing it in one day or two days, but it's all leading toward a very -- a very big success.

Donald Trump: And I really believe that, with this great leadership, I really believe that North Korea is going to be very successful, and economically, it's going to be something very, very special. Go ahead.

Question: Chairman Kim, are you ready to allow the United States to have an office in Pyongyang? Are you ready for that step?

Unidentified: [Via Interpreter] Is it better to leave -- let the media go?

Donald Trump: Yeah, I think we will. I think we will. It's actually an interesting question though. I would like to actually hear that answer, because it's actually not a bad idea.

Kim Jong-un: [Via Interpreter] Well, I think that is something which is welcomable.

Question: It would be welcomed? Today, it would be announced?

Donald Trump: I actually think it's a good idea. Both ways. You know, both ways.

Kim Jong-un: [Via Interpreter] If you would kindly give us more time between us, because, you know, one minute -- even one minute is more precious to us. Thank you.

Donald Trump: Thank you all very much. Thank you very much.