Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-caribbean-leaders-mar-a-lago-march-22-2019

Donald Trump: I appreciate very much you all being here. We look forward to seeing you downstairs. And, First Lady, thank you very much. You've done a great job. Appreciate it. Thank you very much everybody. [Video breaks from photo op to meeting]

Donald Trump: [Not on Video] Thank you very much. We're honored to be with some terrific people that have been friends of mine -- in many cases, friends of mine. They've done a wonderful job in their respective countries. And we'll be talking about many subjects -- trade; we always talk about trade. But we'll also be discussing, I have a feeling, Venezuela. That may come up in our conversation. It's become a very big topic all over the world -- Venezuela. And we look forward to spending a lot of time together this afternoon and discussing ways that we can be beneficial to you and you can be beneficial to us. And we very much appreciate your being at Mar-a-Lago. It's a great honor. [Video Starts] Thank you very much. Thank you everybody. If you'd like to say something to the media, they will start with you.

Allen Chastanet: First of all, I want to thank you very much for extending the invitation to St. Lucia to participate. I want to thank you for the support and leadership that you've been providing in our region. You know, the United States is our biggest trading partner --

Donald Trump: Correct.

Allen Chastanet: -- and we'd like to think of the amount of trade that also the U.S. benefits from in the Caribbean, and so we're very much looking forward to these discussions today and seeing how we can enhance the relationship to our mutual benefits.

Donald Trump: Very good. Thank you. Please.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Danilo Medina: [Via Translator] Thank you. Thank you all. Thank you, Mr. President, for your invitation. We thank you. The Dominican Republic and the United States of America are two important partners. In fact, the United States is our main economic partner, and we are here to discuss issues of the region, and we are here to your avail to collaborate. Thank you.

Andrew Holness: Mr. President, we look forward to discussions on energy, on trade, and on security as well. And we look forward to discussing regional issues to do with the peace and stability of the region, and how we can move forward with the prosperity of our people. So we thank you again for the invitation. Thank you.

Donald Trump: Thank you. Thank you very much.

Hubert Minnis: Thank you very much, Mr. President. I'm delighted to have been invited here today to discuss certain issues that are of mutual benefit to both of us. The Bahamas -- the United States has been our number one trading partner. We are neighbors. We have a great relationship. We will continue to foster such relationship. I know that the meetings under discussion today will be very productive, and we expect to come out with positive views and feelings. Thank you very much.

Donald Trump: I think that'll happen. Thank you very much. We appreciate it, everybody, and we look forward to the discussion. Thank you. Thank you all very much. Thank you. Thank you.