Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-north-korea-kim-jong-un-dmz-june-30-2019

Unidentified: [Inaudible] Stay low, stay low. Low.

Kim Jong-un: [Via Translator] It is good to see you again. I never expected to meet you at this place.

Donald Trump: Good. Would you like me to step across?

Unidentified: We don't see him.

Kim Jong-un: [Via Translator] You'd be --

Donald Trump: I'm okay with it.

Kim Jong-un: [Via Translator] You're the first U.S. president to cross the border at this time.

Kim Jong-un: [Via Translator] This is a great moment.

Unidentified: Uh, c'mon.

Unidentified: Get the photographer out of the way.

Unidentified: Oh no, get out of the way. Move, move. Clear. [Inaudible]

Unidentified: Hey, hey, c'mon. Thank you Mr. President.

Kim Jong-un: [Via Translator] This is a great moment.

Donald Trump: Big moment. Big moment. big progress. Tremendous progress.

Unidentified: [Inaudible, press moving around to get a shot]

Donald Trump: So, I was in Japan, and then [Inaudible, Laughter]. And I said yes, I said [Inaudible]

Question: How do you feel?

Donald Trump: I feel great. It's a great honor to be here. Great honor.

Kim Jong-un: [Via Translator] As you can see, nobody has expected this moment.

Unidentified: I don't have a shot. Mr. President, U.S. -- U.S. pool right here. U.S. pool right here.

Question: Chairman Kim, how do you feel?

Kim Jong-un: [Via Translator] President Trump has just walked across the demarcation line. That made him the first U.S. President to visit our country. I believe just looking at this action, this is an expression of his willingness to eliminate all the unfortunate past and open a new future.

Donald Trump: I just want to say that this is my honor. I didn't really expect it. We were in Japan for the G20. We came over and I said, "Hey, I'm over here. I want to call up Chairman Kim." And we got to meet. And stepping across that line was a great honor.

Donald Trump: A lot of progress has been made. A lot of friendships have been made. And this has been in particular a great friendship. So I just want to thank you. That was very quick notice, and I want to thank you.

Donald Trump: So we're going to go inside. We're going to talk for a little while about different things. And a lot of really positive things are happening, and I'm glad you could be here to see it. But tremendous positivity.

Donald Trump: Really great things are happening and -- in a lot of places. But we met and we liked each other from day one, and that was very important.

Donald Trump: Thank you, everybody. Thank you.

Question: Would you invite him to the U.S.?

Donald Trump: I would invite him right now -- to the White House. Absolutely.

Unidentified: Stay behind me. Everyone behind me. Behind me.

Unidentified: Guys, back back back back

Unidentified: Move, move move move. Come on.

Unidentified: Let's go. Let's go bud. C'mon. C'mon, play ball man. That's all I'm asking.

Moon Jae-in: [Via Translator] I'd really like to pay my tribute to the efforts of you two. You have really made a historic moment today.

Donald Trump: Thank you. I think it is. And it's a great day for a lot of people. It's a great day, really, for the world, if you think about it. Beyond North Korea, South Korea, it's a great day for the world and it's an honor for me to be here. Thank you both very much.

Unidentified: I'm the U.S. pool. I'm the U.S. pool. U.S. pool.

Unidentified: C'mere.

Unidentified: Thank you. Thank you.

Unidentified: He's okay, he's okay.

Unidentified: I don't have a shot. Nope, I don't have a shot.

Moon Jae-in: [Via Translator] The two leaders have just presented such a big hope to the 80,000 Korean people as well as to the whole world. So I do look forward to great progress being made in your subsequent dialogue.

Donald Trump: Well, I want to thank everybody, Thank you all for being here. I have to say that when I first became President of the United States, there was great conflict in this area. Great, great conflict, and now, we have just the opposite, and it's my honor, and it's the Chairman's honor, I would say we work well together, and Mr. President, thank you.

Kim Jong-un: [Via Translator] I would like to also take this opportunity to express my gratitude for all your assistance in having such a good opportunity.

Kim Jong-un: Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you all.