Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-womans-suffrage-commemorative-coin-november-25-2019

Donald Trump: Okay, thank you very much. In a few moments, I will be signing into law the Women's Suffrage Centennial Commemorative Coin Act. This new law directs the Treasury Department to issue 400,000 one-dollar silver coins in a commemoration of the 100th anniversary of women securing the right to vote. Nobody is going to take that one off.

Donald Trump: We just said -- nobody. Not with these women. We're pleased to be joined on this special occasion by Secretary Elaine Chao, Deputy Secretary Karen Dunn Kelley, Deputy Director Margaret Weichert, Acting Deputy Secretary Kate MacGregor, Administrator Emily Murphy, and Chairman Mary Anne Carter. Thank you all very much.

Donald Trump: Also thanks to Senator Marsha Blackburn, who has been doing an incredible job, and Representative Liz Cheney, likewise an incredible job. And actually, I just learned something, Liz. Would you say what you just told me about Wyoming?

Liz Cheney: Yes, sir, Mr. President. Wyoming was the first place on Earth where women had the right to vote. We've been voting 150 years in Wyoming.

Donald Trump: Number one. Number one. [Applause] That's pretty good, right? [Applause] Also with us are members of the Women's Suffrage Centennial Commission: Executive Director of the Commission Anna Laymon; Treasurer of the United States Jovita Carranza; Assistant Secretary Susan Combs; President of Independent Women's Voice Heather Higgins; President of the Heritage Foundation Kay Coles James; President of the Susan B. Anthony List Major -- that's Marjorie Dannenfelser; President of Concerned Women of America -- that's Penny Nance; Julissa Marenco from the Smithsonian; Colleen Shogan from the Library of Congress.

Donald Trump: Those are great names, I'll tell you. [Laughter] But they're doing the job. The one-dollar coins that we -- will be issued under the Act will honor the vital history of the women's suffrage movement and celebrate many of the brave heroes who fought for the right to vote, such as Susan B. Anthony, Elizabeth Cady Stanton, Harriet Tubman, and Ida B. Wells.

Donald Trump: All proceeds from the sale of these coins will go to the Smithsonian's Women's History Initiative. My administration will always celebrate the immeasurable contributions of women to every facet of American history and life. We will fight for every day, and we will fight every night. We'll make this happen, and we'll continue to make it happen -- this is going to be a tremendous success -- to ensure opportunity, prosperity, justice, and equality for all women in the United States.

Donald Trump: And I'm now going to sign the bill, and then I'm going to ask you, folks, some of you -- whoever would like to -- to say a few words, okay? Let me sign this first.

Marsha Blackburn: Oh, yes. Cannot wait. Long time coming.

Donald Trump: This is a big one, right? You came all the way back for this signing, right?

Marsha Blackburn: I did. I did.

Donald Trump: Good. [The bill is signed] So who should get the first pen, Marsha? Who?

Unidentified: Marsha! Marsha. [Laughter]

Marsha Blackburn: It's my bill! [Laughter]

Donald Trump: That sounds reasonable.

Marsha Blackburn: Yes. [Laughs]

Donald Trump: That's a big thing. This is a great -- you've been working on this for years, right? [Applause] So -- and they have. They've been working on this for years and years. And I'm curious, why wasn't it done a long time ago, and also -- well, I guess the answer to that is because now I'm President, and we get things done.

Donald Trump: We get a lot of things done that nobody else got done. But maybe you could say a few words, just on [Inaudible].

Marsha Blackburn: Oh, I'll be happy to. This was a project that so many women have worked on. Elise Stefanik was the lead sponsor in the House. Liz Cheney helped shepherd it through the House. Kirsten Gillibrand was the lead Democrat co-sponsor in the Senate. We passed it out of the Senate with every single senator voting for it in June --

Donald Trump: Wow.

Marsha Blackburn: -- and sent it over to the House. And then we had to work a little harder to get it through over there. But it came through with over 300 co-sponsors on the bill. And it's important to realize that women's suffrage was a 72-year process. It started at Seneca Falls, New York. And then, 72 years later, in Nashville, Tennessee -- August 18th, 1920 -- is when the 19th Amendment was ratified.

Marsha Blackburn: So Tennessee and New York have a strong history in this, and we're just thrilled to have this bill. Proceeds from this coin -- the Women's Suffrage Commission and the Smithsonian Women's History Project -- this will go into funding that process. Now, we're doing this coin with no government expenditures because Jovita and her team are doing a great job on the sale of this coin.

Marsha Blackburn: And then it will help fund this to make certain that all Americans realize what women have done for the cause of freedom for our nation. So thank you.

Donald Trump: Oh, great job. [Applause] And Jovita?

Jovita Carranza: I wanted to share with you that the Women's Suffrage Centennial Commission had a very robust and very aggressive outreach program, with Senator Blackburn calling the Secretary of Treasury, Secretary Mnuchin. He got the call and I got the second call, and we made it happen with all of their support. And this is great leadership, and we're looking forward to having several months to position this coin to benefit a very worthy cause, the Smithsonian, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: So why wasn't this done a long time ago -- years ago?

Jovita Carranza: Well, I think has started out with you nominating Kay Coles James this year --

Donald Trump: That helped. [Laughter]

Jovita Carranza: -- and myself as the U.S. Treasurer on the commission.

Donald Trump: You know what helps.

Jovita Carranza: And then, of course, we assem- -- we assembled a wonderful team.

Donald Trump: Please. Go ahead, Kay.

Kay Coles James: No, I was just going to say thank you. It has been an honor to be your representative on this commission. But one of the things that's most noteworthy is that we have worked together in such a bipartisan way to celebrate women's suffrage and the right to vote in this country. And I'm sorry Barbara couldn't be here today -- Senator Mikulski.

Kay Coles James: She has done such a phenomenal job.

Donald Trump: That's right.

Kay Coles James: And we have great leadership right here, in our chair and our co-chair. But it has been exciting, and we look forward to educating and celebrating with the women of America.

Donald Trump: You did a fantastic job. Thank you very much.

Kay Coles James: Thank you, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: How about our chair saying something? Please.

Colleen Shogan: Susan.

Susan Combs: Well, I just want to say that this is a privilege to be your appointee, your nominee, but also to work with this great team. And what I really like is the zest and the energy and the enthusiasm everybody showed. In fact, we just make it impossible not to support this. So you go from 100 to 300, that's the power of a lot of women working together.

Susan Combs: So thank you, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. Great job. Really fantastic. Lynne? Thank you. Please, come on up. Lynne Cheney.

Liz Cheney: Thank you. Appreciate it. Well, it's an honor to be here. I think it's really important for us to remember that all of us who are elected officials, who are women, all of us who are serving serve on the shoulders and the accomplishments of so many women who have come before us. I'm very proud in Wyoming of the strong women -- my mother, my grandmothers, my great grandmothers -- and just the tremendous work and effort that went into this over the years.

Liz Cheney: And so it's an honor to be here.

Donald Trump: Your daughter.

Liz Cheney: Oh, my daughter.

Donald Trump: She's the strongest. [Laughter]

Liz Cheney: Exactly. That's right. And my daughter, Elizabeth, who's following in our footsteps. So thank you very much, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. Who would like to say something?

Heather Higgins: Can I add something?

Donald Trump: Yes, you can.

Heather Higgins: I think they're underrepresenting Senator Blackburn and Jovita. You asked why this hadn't gotten done before. Jovita basically took a page from the Wollman Rink in New York, and overcame an awful lot of the process and obstacles to make sure that something happened on time and in the right way.

Donald Trump: That's good.

Jovita Carranza: Thank you.

Marsha Blackburn: Yeah, she did.

Donald Trump: That's great. I've heard that. That's great. Fantastic. Proud of you.

Marsha Blackburn: Great work. Good teamwork.

Penny Nance: Mr. President, I would just add that -- I'm Penny Nance with Concerned Women for America. This has been just a beautiful picture of bipartisanship that I think many in Congress could take a page from. Women of every ilk were able to come together and actually get something done. So we hope Congress does that same.

Donald Trump: Well, thank you. Great job. Anybody? Anybody? Final -- final -- Kellyanne? How about Kellyanne?

Kellyanne Conway: Mr. President, thank you --

Donald Trump: She's always very laidback and shy. [Laughter]

Kellyanne Conway: I'll be laidback. Thank you. I think the women speak for itself. And thank you for your leadership. We really look forward to continuing the celebration of the Centennial of the Women's Right to Vote. We go right up into next August of 2020. But it's even hard to imagine it's only been 100 years. And since we still have had -- never had any female President, perhaps we'll have that in our lifetime, but your victory kept that job open.

Kellyanne Conway: So we're here to celebrate --

Donald Trump: In five years, right? [Laughter] Five years.

Unidentified: Or longer. [Laughter]

Penny Nance: Yeah, we can wait.

Kellyanne Conway: That's right. But, sir, thank you for your leadership. I think the four-letter word called "will" is the difference between what does not get done and what gets done. And the leadership and, really, some of your great team here at the White House has been working around this around the clock and has helped.

Kellyanne Conway: Thank you, sir.

Donald Trump: Thank you. They have been working very hard on this. So thank you very much. This is a very important bill, and it's an honor to be involved with it. And I'm glad we got it done. [Applause] This administration has gotten a lot done. Thank you.