Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-trilat-modi-india-abe-japan-june-28-2019

Shinzo Abe: [Via Interpreter] It is indeed a great pleasure that I am able to convene this summit meeting of three countries: Japan, U.S., India. Three countries. I think we three countries are the foundation of the peace and prosperity of the region. Free and open Indo-Pacific is something that we would like to strive toward, and I'd like to have closer coordination among three countries going forward.

Shinzo Abe: [Via Interpreter] Donald and Prime Minister Modi, I thank you for your cooperation to enable this summit meeting. Now, please, Donald.

Donald Trump: Well, it's a great honor to be here and with my two very good friends. We've gotten to know each other very well over the last short period of time. And you and I are going to be meeting separately after this meeting.

Narendra Modi: Yes.

Donald Trump: But, Prime Minister Modi, thank you very much. And congratulations on your great victory.

Narendra Modi: Thank you.

Donald Trump: I should say congratulations, really, to both, because Shinzō also had a great victory -- a great electoral victory. So, congratulations to both of you on the tremendous numbers, tremendous success, and tremendous popularity. You're doing a great job for your countries. And I'll see you in a little while.

Donald Trump: I look forward to it.

Shinzo Abe: [Via Interpreter] Thank you very much. Prime Minister Modi. I won victory in the presidential election of LDP. And, Prime Minister Modi.

Narendra Modi: I am very grateful to you that you have congratulated me for my victory in the elections. Japan, America, and India: JEI -- J-E-I. Jai, in Hindi, means "victory." We are three countries that support democracy, and we met last time in Argentina and we had the opportunity to meet once again. This new forum -- this forum of ours has received a new impetus, and there is a new faith and confidence in our relations.

Narendra Modi: And I am sure that we'll have meaningful discussions during our meeting. We have common interests in the area of Indo-Pacific. We would like peace and stability in this region. We are committed to democracy, and therefore we would like a peaceful development and security in this region. America's dream has been to make America great again.

Narendra Modi: And, in Japan, they have worked on the basis of Abenomics to take Japan to new heights. And India has called for collective efforts: inclusive growth, [Inaudible], and "Make in India." All our three countries have contributed in some way to the journey to us development in the world. I'm very grateful to you for hosting this meeting. Thank you very much.

Question: Are you going to talk to Modi about trade?

Donald Trump: We'll be talking trade. We'll be talking about trade.

Question: On the Japan auto tariffs, will you go ahead with the tariffs on the Japan automakers?

Donald Trump: We have a lot of things to talk about. It will be very positive. We have a lot of very positive news.

Question: Will you be seeking assurances from Japan and India about Iran?

Donald Trump: We have a lot of things to talk about.