Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-bilat-lee-hsien-loong-singapore-september-23-2019

Donald Trump: Well, thank you very much. We are close friends with Singapore and with Prime Minister Lee, and we've gotten to know each other very well. And we're signing a memorandum of defense -- really, an understanding. And it's a very strong understanding. We know where we are. We have an extraordinary relationship with Singapore and with the Prime Minister.

Donald Trump: And we're going to be -- there'll be a lot of -- a lot of trade involved in our agreement today. We're going to be doing a lot of trade, a lot of military equipment, et cetera, et cetera. So I just want to thank you, Mr. Prime Minister. And great honor to be with you. It's a great honor.

Lee Hsien Loong: Thank you.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Lee Hsien Loong: I would like to thank the President for signing this memorandum with me, updating our memorandum on defense cooperation between Singapore and the United States. We've had this since 1990.

Donald Trump: Right.

Lee Hsien Loong: We've updated it once before in 2005, and we're very happy to update it once more to extend for the next 15 years at least.

Donald Trump: That's right.

Lee Hsien Loong: It reflects our very good cooperation in defense matters between the United States and Singapore, and also the broader cooperation we have in so many other fields -- in security, in economics, in counterterrorism, and in culture and education, as well.

Donald Trump: That's right.

Lee Hsien Loong: So we are very happy with our relationship. We hope to grow it. And we hope that it will also be a means for the U.S. to deepen its engagement in Southeast Asia and in the Asia Pacific region.

Donald Trump: Very good. Well, it's an honor. Thank you very much.

Lee Hsien Loong: Thank you. Now we sign. [The memorandum of understanding is signed]

Donald Trump: Okay, thank you very much, everybody. [Applause] We're going to see you -- we're going to see you in the other room. We'll see you in the other room. Thank you very much.

Lee Hsien Loong: Thank you.