Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-easter-egg-roll-welcome-april-22-2019

Donald Trump: Oh, it's a beautiful day. This is a beautiful day. [Cheering] Welcome to the 2019 White House Easter Egg Roll. This is 141 years that we've been doing this. I don't remember the first one, but we're -- last three years, we've had an awfully good time, and I have to thank our First Lady. She worked so hard on this event, and without her, it would not be like it is. It's as beautiful as I've ever seen it. So Melania, thank you very much.

Donald Trump: Fantastic job. Thank you, honey. I also want to thank the White House Historical Association for the incredible job they do. They work with the first lady and all of us on just making the White House and keeping the White House a special place. It is, to me, the most special place. There can't be anything like it, and we take it really very seriously, and it's in great shape, that I can tell you.

Donald Trump: It's in great shape. Also our incredible Marine Corps band. Thank you very much. Beautiful. It wouldn't be the same without you. And a group of people that do a wonderful job. I love them. I know they like me too. It's the egg farmers of this country, the egg farmers. And they brought thousands and thousands of eggs.

Donald Trump: I don't know if you can use 'em all, but a feeling with these young, very ambitious children, they're going to find a reason. They'll be gone. They'll all be gone. And maybe most importantly, I want to wish everybody a very happy Easter. Our country is doing fantastically well, probably the best it's ever done, economically.

Donald Trump: We're setting record stock markets. We're setting records with jobs, and unemployment numbers are the lowest they've ever been. Fifty years in many groups, in historically the lowest numbers we've ever had. Regulations, low taxes. Our country has never done better. And do we love our military? Our military's building -- is literally being completely rebuilt. [Cheering]

Donald Trump: We are completely rebuilding our military. It was very depleted, as you know. A lot of the military folks can tell you, and it is being rebuilt to a level that we have never seen before, all with great product. The best product in the world. And you know where it's made? In the USA. That'd where it's made.

Donald Trump: It'd all made right here. So again, Happy Easter, enjoy yourselves, and I'm coming down right now to be with you. First Lady is coming with me, and maybe I'll get this great Easter Bunny to come with us. Thank you very much, everybody. Happy Easter. Thank you. Thank you very much.