Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-army-navy-game-locker-rooms-december-14-2019

Mark T. Esper: So Mr. President, in June of this year, you directed that the Department of Defense come up with a new policy that allows service academy graduates to play professional football. I'm pleased to inform you that we have changed that policy, than any cadet who graduates and has the opportunity to play professional sports will be able to do so and serve his country after he's done playing pro sports. Mr. President, thank you. [Applause]

Donald Trump: Well, last time, I saw your coach, he said what about a waiver. I said: what are you talking about, a waiver? He said, some of these guys could play in the NFL, you could play for the Yankees, you could play for the Mets, you can play basketball, you could play whatever, but you have to serve a long time.

Donald Trump: So what we're doing now is you'll -- you'll go out and you'll make a fortune, and after you're all finished with your professional career, you'll go and you'll serve, and everybody's thrilled. That means you can go out and you can do whatever you want, and it probably gives the coach no reason to ever lose another game.

Donald Trump: That's what you said. [Laughter] He'll never lose a game. So I want to congratulate you. You were the man, you -- you told me about it, and a few of the guys were shouting how about the waiver Mr. President? How about the waiver? So good luck to you guys.

Jeff Monken: We appreciate it sir.

Donald Trump: [Inaudible] contest. Thank you.

Unidentified: Thank you. [Applause]

Note: [The video cuts to Donald Trump speaking in the Navy locker room.]

Donald Trump: I want to congratulate you. You had a hell of a season. But it's only a great season, you know, you know what has to happen today. Otherwise you wouldn't call it a great season, so you better go out there and play hard. But now if you -- if you get that talent and get -- got whatever it takes, and it takes a lot, you can go into professional -- and we're doing it, one reason, very important, because it's so great for the spirit of our country, when they see Navy and Army, and all of these great institutions going out there representing our country, I view that as a big positive.

Donald Trump: So for those of you that can do it, you can now do it, and coach, you can have [Inaudible] [Applause] Good luck everybody. Go out there. Good luck.

Ken Niumatalolo: 45th.

Donald Trump: I like that.

Ken Niumatalolo: [Inaudible] we'd like to present you with this jersey.

Donald Trump: Can I play today?

Ken Niumatalolo: Yes, you can. [Laughter]

Donald Trump: Good luck, fellas. [Applause]