Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-pratt-plant-tour-wapakoneta-ohio-september-22-2019

Donald Trump: Hello everybody. We're here to celebrate a great opening and a great gentleman, as you know, from Australia, Anthony Pratt, and, most importantly Anthony, we have to say, another great man. Come here. We have a fantastic evening the other night in honor of Australia, and this is the great Prime Minister. So Scott, I want to thank you very much. It's really nice that you're here.

Scott Morrison: Thank you.

Donald Trump: Anthony is one of the most successful men in the world. Perhaps, Australia's most successful man as they say, right? Mr. Prime Minister?

Anthony Pratt: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: He is -- he's building -- he'll be investing anywhere from $5 to $10 billion in the United States, and this is one of his great plants. You might tell them about that.

Anthony Pratt: Sir, this $2 billion facility. We would not have invested in this plant if it wasn't for President Trump's election. It has given us an incredible faith in investing in America, and we've redoubled down on our investment in America. And with the construction of this plant, we will have as a result of that, 9,000 American manufacturing jobs in the United States, and we're very proud of that.

Donald Trump: Fantastic. So fantastic. Thank you very much. So we're going to have a little ceremony, and you're invited to join us, and it's a lot of jobs. And I really appreciate -- I appreciate you a lot, you know that. You're my friend, and Anthony, you're fantastic. Thank you very much.

Anthony Pratt: Thank you sir. It's a great honor. [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: Oh, wow.

Scott Morrison: In cricket.

Donald Trump: That's pretty good. Okay?

Scott Morrison: Great stuff.

Donald Trump: Thank you everybody.

Scott Morrison: Well done Anthony. We're really proud of what you're doing.

Donald Trump: Come on over, watch the ceremony. [Points to press] How are you? You have some good pictures, huh?

Note: [Tour begins, video cuts]

Donald Trump: So that's 100 percent recycled paper into a really, fine finished product. It's really amazing, Steve. They start off with all -- can I use the word "garbage"?

Anthony Pratt: Yes. Yes.

Donald Trump: They start off with waste, garbage, and they end up building it into a -- making it into really great cardboard and paper.

Question: How many are --

Donald Trump: A hundred percent of the plant.

Question: How many people are going to work here?

Anthony Pratt: Fifteen hundred in construction. Five hundred full-time. Nine thousand over the company.

Donald Trump: That's the real deal, this one.

Question: Mr. President, a lot of Australian money being spent here in the good state of Ohio. Is that good news for America?

Donald Trump: That's great news for America, and we also spend a lot in Australia. I think we're your largest investor, by far.

Anthony Pratt: 1.7 trillion dollars in American investment.

Donald Trump: So it's been a great partnership. And never better than it is right now with Scott. And he's done a fantastic job as Prime Minister. But the relationship has been fantastic. But Anthony said, "If you win, I'm going to spend $10 billion in the U.S." I said, "That's okay with me." And then, we won.

Anthony Pratt: That's right.

Donald Trump: And here we start.

Anthony Pratt: So this is where the paper -- you know -- after it's [Inaudible] to make pump, it goes through about 59 rollers to squeeze all the water

Donald Trump: [Inaudible]

Anthony Pratt: Correct.

Note: [Conversation inaudible for about 45 seconds]

Donald Trump: What percent of paper, worldwide -- whatever [Inaudible]

Anthony Pratt: For us or for America?

Donald Trump: Well for you [Inaudible] For America.

Anthony Pratt: 20 percent.

Donald Trump: That's moving up.

Anthony Pratt: Moving up. The reason is because in America, trees are cheap, which is a very valid reason to build virgin -- they call them -- paper mills.

Donald Trump: Right.

Anthony Pratt: And, you know, we're standing with our own, you know, sort of way of doing things. Unfortunately, we had no legacy [Inaudible]

Scott Morrison: In Australia, you're saying --

Anthony Pratt: [Inaudible] the big paper companies [Inaudible] necessarily let them [Inaudible] their mills, because it's collateral. So we had a bit of an advantage there.

Donald Trump: That's really some equipment. The finest equipment in the world. And more and more people are going this way. Normally, you take down trees and you make the paper. In this case, Anthony does 90, 95 percent out of waste, out of garbage, and they make incredible final product through a very -- through really a very -- a really costly but efficient process.

Question: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: Well, Australia has been great, but we've been great to Australia. You know, we just have a very good relationship. A really great relationship. Your Prime Minister has done a fantastic job. Thank you.

Question: [Inaudible] to be generous, like Mr. Pratt, Mr. President?

Donald Trump: Say it?

Question: Do you think want more businessmen like Mr. Pratt invest in America like he has?

Donald Trump: Yeah, well, we have some good ones. But this man is number one in Australia, they say.

Scott Morrison: And we're going to keep him. We're going to keep him.

Donald Trump: Everybody is fighting for him.

Anthony Pratt: Thank you very much, sir.