Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-gop-senate-policy-lunch-march-26-2019

Question: Some Democrats, sir, are still talking about impeachment. What's your response to that?

Donald Trump: I don't think they're talking about impeachment. We have the greatest economy we've ever had. Our country is in incredible shape. They and others created a fraud on our country with this ridiculous witch hunt, where it was proven, very strongly, no collusion, no obstruction. No nothing. We are doing so well. We've never probably had a time of prosperity like this. It's been great.

Question: Mr. President, you're accusing the people who launched the investigation into your campaign of treasonous acts.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Question: How high up do you think it went?

Donald Trump: I think it went very high up. I think what happened is a disgrace. I don't believe our country should allow this ever to happen again. This will never happen again. We cannot let it ever happen again. It went very high up, and it started fairly low, but with instructions from the high up. This should never happen to a President again.

Donald Trump: We can't allow that to take place.

Question: Mr. President, do you think it reached the West Wing of the Obama White House?

Donald Trump: I don't want to say that, but I think you know the answer.

Question: Mr. President, the report says that while you did not commit a crime --

Donald Trump: Who said what?

Question: The Mueller report says -- according to the Barr letter -- while you --

Donald Trump: The Mueller report was great. It could not have been better. It said, "No obstruction. No collusion." It could not have been better.

Question: On healthcare -- on healthcare: Your administration is making very clear that you think the Affordable Care Act is invalid and should be struck down. What is your message to Americans who may be concerned about their healthcare?

Donald Trump: Let me tell you exactly what my message is: The Republican Party will soon be known as the Party of Healthcare. You watch.