Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-roundtable-latinos-for-trump-las-vegas-september-13-2020

Donald Trump: [Audio begins in Progress] First time the Democrat had 40, that's -- you know -- You'll tell us when you're ready. Well, thank you very much for being in the great state of Nevada and Las Vegas. We had an amazing rally last night with I mean, tens of thousands of people inside and out. It was really quite something.

Donald Trump: I think the media was very surprised at the extent of it. It was as big as anything that there's been for a long time and we're just starting that up now again. We didn't do it because of COVID, but we are rounding the corner on COVID. We're rounding it and rounding it rapidly plus we have vaccines coming very soon and we have therapeutics which have already made a big dent, a tremendous dent.

Donald Trump: But I'm truly honored to be here today with Latinos for Trump. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. And as you probably saw in some of the shows this morning, they're very disturbed by the poll numbers because we're very high and leading with Latinos and that's a really tremendous thing. I'm very honored by it.

Donald Trump: We're here to discuss my administration's unwavering devotion to our nation's incredible Latino and Hispanic-American communities. And as you know, a little while ago, I received the Bay of Pigs Award from the Cuban Americans in Miami and that's a big honor and they don't give it out easily. And we're having tremendous support from the Venezuelans and it's just been -- it's just a great community.

Donald Trump: It's just great people, great community. Hispanic Americans enrich our nation beyond measure. They proudly serve our nation in the military as members of law enforcement and they also start small business. I can tell you from personal experience, you're very good businessmen and women, very, very good. Extraordinary, actually.

Donald Trump: They promote the shared values of faith and family, hard work and patriotism. Hispanic-Americans embody the American dream very much as much as anybody I can even think about. They embody the American dream. And I have to say they know more about -- you know we've had tremendous support from the Hispanic Americans on the Southern border because they understand the Southern border better than anybody.

Donald Trump: Nobody knows it better than anybody. Oftentimes, I'd go to people that really understood it, they ended up always being Hispanic-Americans because they understand it. And they want law and order and they want -- they want people to come in, so do I, but they want him to come in through a process and legally.

Donald Trump: Joe Biden has spent 47 years betraying the Hispanic-American community. Totally. Sending their jobs to China, raising taxes on their family and small businesses, making their communities less safe, attacking their values, and trapping their children and failing government schools. He's totally opposed to school choice.

Donald Trump: He's totally opposed to charter schools. Everything that you stand for. He's going to shred the Second Amendment, something very important to Hispanic Americans also, Second Amendment. Life, very important. He's opposed to so many things and now all of a sudden he's saying, "Gee, no, I can live with this.

Donald Trump: I could live -- like fracking." He's totally reversed himself on fracking, which you can't -- you just -- I don't think you can do that. I mean, maybe a politician can do that but I can't imagine. You go through a whole primary system and you're against fracking then all of a sudden he comes out in favor of fracking.

Donald Trump: But he's not in favor of it. He's sort of wavering because now the left hit him very hard. And so now he sort of doesn't know what he's doing. He's in his -- he's in his basement right now and he's saying, "What do I do?" He calls his handlers, "What do I do about this?" He hasn't left in two and a half days.

Donald Trump: In the meantime, I'm all over the place. I'm going to California from here, going over to see some of our great people that are doing such a great job with those monster fires that they have. And, again, forest management. I keep telling them forest management. Going to manage your forests. While Joe Biden failed Hispanic Americans, I've delivered for Hispanic Americans more than any other President.

Donald Trump: I'm fighting for you every single day and you understand that better than anybody. We implemented massive tax cuts, regulation cuts, and opportunity zones for Hispanic-American families and small businesses for African-American families who have also benefited tremendously by what we've done. The opportunity zones, Tim Scott, Senator from South Carolina has been fantastic here.

Donald Trump: He had this idea and we brought this idea to fruition to the opportunity zones have been incredible. Before the China virus hit, we achieved the lowest Hispanic-American unemployment rate ever recorded in the history of our nation. And we're getting it back very quickly, so the numbers come in just last week.

Donald Trump: The numbers are fantastic. It's building very quickly, 10.4 million jobs in four months back and the number is back to 8.4%. Nobody thought -- people thought it was going to go to 42%. It's back to 8.4% so quickly and we're going to have a great third quarter based on everything we see. We could have a GDP going up 25%, 26%, 27%. Some people say could be in the 30s, we'll see.

Donald Trump: It's going to be announced actually, interestingly, right before the election. So, we'll all take our chances. I'll take my chances because we're doing well. But before that virus hit, the numbers were the best they've ever been. We added a record 10.6. So, there's never been anything like that, 10.6 million jobs.

Donald Trump: Second place is our record also, but second place is way behind that number. Joe Biden would terminate this recovery with -- as he said if -- if somebody walked up to him, a doctor, and said, "Would you do a shutdown? He said, "I'd do a shutdown. I'd listen to the professionals." Well, I do, too, but then you have to make a decision.

Donald Trump: If I listen to the doctors, if I listen to the professionals, or if you listen to Biden, he was totally against me shutting down our country to China. I put a ban on China where it was heavily infected and we saved hundreds of thousands of lives. Then, I put a ban on Europe. This was not easy to do and they were against that.

Donald Trump: So, you can't just listen to your professionals, you have to have some sense, you have to make a decision. But the other thing about Joe Biden, he's not a strong person and he's not strong for law and order and everybody knows that. And this is today about law and order. When you see a scene like happened just last night in California with the two police people.

Donald Trump: A woman, a man, shot at stone cold short range right through a window and we're looking for him, we're looking for that person, him, we think. And when we find that person, we've got to get much faster with our courts and we're going to get much tougher with our sentencing. We have to come out very, very strongly.

Donald Trump: We have to find that person. But I'm strongly defending religious liberty which is so important to Hispanic Americans. Joe Biden will eliminate religious liberty. He's pledged to wage attacks on Catholic organizations like the Little Sisters of the Poor. You saw that. We support them and we support the Little Sisters of the Poor and we're doing very well in that support.

Donald Trump: And he supports taxpayer-funded extreme late-term abortion and he supports it very strongly. Late term and even after term, if you think, if you look at the Governor of Virginia, he said, "The baby is born." And then really, I guess you call that an execution because we're not even talking about during term, we're talking about after-term abortion and Biden doesn't want to take a position on that.

Donald Trump: Biden opposes school choice and he has stated that if he's elected charter schools are gone and charter schools have been incredible. He wants to rip away the ladder of opportunity for millions of Hispanic-American children. In a second term I'll provide school choice and we're already starting that process very strongly as you know to every family in America.

Donald Trump: And for the Hispanic American, school choice and charter schools are one of the most important things we could have. And you want law and order, you want law and order. You're not going to get it with them. He never even mentioned the words law and order in his speech or at the convention. They had the Democratic National Convention.

Donald Trump: He never mentioned anything about law and order and you see Portland and you see some of these other places. Now every place we've been invited to we put it out immediately. Minneapolis, we put it out immediately. We were going to get -- we were set to go into Seattle. We told them we're coming in. So they went in before us and they put it out.

Donald Trump: So we put it out. But we've -- every place we've touched has been good. And by the way, every city that's in trouble, every state. You look, Democrats, Liberal Democrats they've run them into the ground, every city. The Republican cities are doing well, great actually. But every city that we've mentioned, the top ten are all Democrat-controlled cities, whether it's Governors, in most cases, in all cases, Mayors and the Republicans have done well.

Donald Trump: So we've achieved more for Hispanic Americans in 47 months. Think of it. It just works out that way. I say it, I said it last night in front of a lot of people. I didn't use the word we but I'll use it, either way, I or we. But I've achieved more for Hispanic Americans in 47 months than Joe Biden has achieved in 47 years and that's a statement that's a very easy one to make. And I'll tell you the best is yet to come. And what I thought is if you'd like, we could go around the room a little bit. Tell us of your experience also questions. You're all such highly respected people within the community. It's an honor to be with you. And I thought in front of the media we could talk a little bit and you might tell us -- we'll go around this way and we'll -- tell us a little bit about yourselves. We'll be -- I'd love that. And if you have any questions or statements, I'd love to hear. OK? We'll start with you. We'll start with you.

Constanza Mancilla Areizaga: First of all I want to -- I'm Constanza Mancilla Areizaga and I love our President and I know for a fact that he's not racist because I'm an American-Mexican-Jew. My mother's from Manhattan. This is my mother. This is a little unorthodox but this is for her.

Donald Trump: Beautiful. Great.

Constanza Mancilla Areizaga: She's 94 years old and she's signed that for you. I -- I'm honored I met you at the El Sombrero Cafe in 2016.

Donald Trump: Right.

Constanza Mancilla Areizaga: I don't know if you remember my husband and I.

Donald Trump: I do.

Constanza Mancilla Areizaga: But we love you. He has your ties. And this is the most just President for Latinos, for Blacks. He's done so much more than eight years of Obama. I can tell you right now everybody that during eight years of Obama, as a business -- that's been in business. We've been in business for 22 years. We own Everything Entertainment, little, you know, let's you know.

Donald Trump: Right.

Constanza Mancilla Areizaga: We do corporate events for hotels like major companies, pardon me. And because of Obama's administration, we suffered. We were punished. We were completely punished. He was not a friend to any of the Latinos or the Blacks or any business people or women in general, OK? And during your administration, before this China pandemic, and he's right, before the China pandemic.

Constanza Mancilla Areizaga: I blame them because I feel sabotaged again just like I did with Obama's administration.

Donald Trump: Right.

Constanza Mancilla Areizaga: I'm very on fire and very passionate because I respect you as a President. I know that when I read The Art of the Deal, it comes from The Art of War and I was so inspired that -- to be a businesswoman from that, from 1986 and I knew that you were going to be President and I was on board back in 1986. This is our President.

Constanza Mancilla Areizaga: He's going to be a President. So what we've been doing as business owners, we've been sabotaged especially here in Las Vegas for our company for example provides major corporate events, hotels like this, every single thing has been canceled. We've been sabotaged. We're going to lose our homes again. We're going to -- I'm still fighting.

Donald Trump: Well, your Governor has the state shut down. Your Democrat Governor. He shut down the state and he's playing games with the ballots.

Constanza Mancilla Areizaga: Exactly.

Donald Trump: He's playing games with ballots and I hope they're watching them. I hope law enforcement is watching this guy. He's a political hack. He's got your state totally shut down and it's really terrible. It's really -- it's one of the states that's still shut down. Please.

Constanza Mancilla Areizaga: It's kill -- thank you, President. And it's killing us and we're back to 2008 again. We're being sabotaged and we are in big trouble here everybody. Wake up and we all need to really get out there and get the Latinos on board. We have a campaign. We've been really, really pushing to wake people up because they're there -- they have a [In Spanish, not translated] OK.

Constanza Mancilla Areizaga: That means a blind blanket over their eyes and you have done so much for Nevada, for our country. I want to see the borders protected. I have family in Mexico City and they -- they -- they're actually -- they are Republicans because their capital is failing all businesses and they don't like what's happening to their borders.

Constanza Mancilla Areizaga: They've all suffered and that's what we need to let everybody know that our President is saving our country because of the -- we have to keep this border situation under control because ISIS has come through from Mexico.

Donald Trump: That's right. That's true.

Constanza Mancilla Areizaga: I know that for a fact. I know what's happening right now and my own family has been victim to loose borders and loose government and corruption, and President Trump here, I can tell you, everybody, OK, the whole press. He is the best incredible American President that loves our country and we need to start respecting him, OK?

Constanza Mancilla Areizaga: Because the left just basically wants to knock him down and it's not right and I will -- I'll -- I'll stand and take a bullet for you.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. That's so nice.

Constanza Mancilla Areizaga: I love you. And -- and thank you.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Constanza Mancilla Areizaga: And I also give you my condolences. On behalf of my family in Mexico also for your brother Robert.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. That's really nice. It's so nice. Thank you very much.

Constanza Mancilla Areizaga: Thank you for your time, President Trump.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. I appreciate it.

Constanza Mancilla Areizaga: I love you.

Donald Trump: I love you, too.

Constanza Mancilla Areizaga: And I cried last time and the photo -- I need a good photo with you without the crying because I was a mess.

Donald Trump: You'll get it. You'll get it.

Constanza Mancilla Areizaga: Please.

Donald Trump: It's really nice. Thank you very much. Thank you. Please.

Alvino Gonzalez: My name is Alvino Gonzalez. I was born in Mexico, an immigrant here and I own a small business, uh, beauty salons. We were shut down for like almost three months and we are very --

Donald Trump: Did Nancy Pelosi go into your salon?

Alvino Gonzalez: No, [Inaudible] those. But --

Donald Trump: You don't -- you don't want to.

Alvino Gonzalez: We are suffering a lot because of the restrictions that Governor [Audio Break] admire you, I follow you all the time. [Audio Break] Well, my question is [Audio Break]

Donald Trump: They all said when I ran original [Audio Break]

Alvino Gonzalez: You and also one of my sons told me why didn't you ask the President, why don't he makes the November 3rd -- the November 3rd a holiday so that people can vote.

Unidentified: Yeah.

Alvino Gonzalez: And they don't have to mail.

Donald Trump: That's maybe a good idea. We'll have to think about that. We'll have to to think about that. We have a -- we have a lot of people that are going to vote. We're very concerned about the rigged election with the ballots because this Governor, he made it very hard to get to site last night. We had tens of thousands of people coming and pouring.

Donald Trump: I mean many couldn't get in and yet he made it hard. So what kind of thing is that when he's in charge of ballots? So he's making it hard for you to speak, right? Freedom of speech. He's making it hard for you to speak.

Alvino Gonzalez: Yes.

Donald Trump: And -- and we called it a protest because you know when they have a protest, they're allowed to have a protest, right? But you're not allowed to go to church. So you don't have to -- you can't go to church, but you can have a protest where people burn down your stores like in Reno and other places, where they burn down your storefronts.

Donald Trump: So that's the way it is, but we will handle things very well. But we are worried about the ballots because we have a number of states four -- but we have a number of states where we have some very shaky Democrats and the only way they're going to win is with rigged ballots.

Alvino Gonzalez: Yeah.

Donald Trump: And if you look at the history of these ballots over the last two or three years, you'll see some horrible things where there's been tremendous cheating and the press knows that. But they don't want to report it because they're fake news. Thank you very much. Thank you I appreciate it. Please.

David Mendez: Mr. President, my name is David Mendez and I'm a fourth generation here in America. I'm from Mexico City, too.

Donald Trump: Good.

David Mendez: I have a [Inaudible] in the -- how are you doing? It's -- it's -- I think your a big example for everybody on how you can go and go after the American Dream. How you can go fight and go after your dreams, right? Everything you're doing is perfect. I love that there's no filters. You say things the way they are because that's -- that's the way I am.

David Mendez: I -- here, I help the Latino people and everybody. I show people how money works because we have a big financial problem. Nobody knows how to spend their money.

Donald Trump: Right.

David Mendez: And I -- so I -- I -- I give seminars, free seminars for people and show them how you can get a budget. How you can go and make your money work for you, too.

Donald Trump: That's good.

David Mendez: And also one thing that I think we -- we need to start thinking about it is giving all these dreamers, you know their papers. They've been here since they were two, three years old --

Donald Trump: Yeah. Yeah.

David Mendez: And I think that will be a good policy.

Donald Trump: You're going to be very happily surprised. You watch. Watch what's -- watch what's going to happen.

David Mendez: And also [Inaudible] another concern that we -- that we have.

Donald Trump: The [Inaudible] DACA.

Unidentified: Yes.

David Mendez: Well, you'll see. We'll you'll see. You're going to be very happy.

David Mendez: So that's -- that's --

Donald Trump: Because I happen to agree with you. So thank you very much.

David Mendez: You're my President.

Donald Trump: Thank you. Thank you. I appreciate it very much.

Maria Caminero: President Trump. My name is Maria Caminero.

Donald Trump: Thank you, Maria.

Maria Caminero: I am an American born in Cuba, who left Cuba under political asylum. As someone that was born in Cuba, I value freedom tremendously.

Donald Trump: Right. Right.

Maria Caminero: And to me, this election is the most important.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Maria Caminero: Because you symbolized freedom and hope for me and so many people.

Donald Trump: Thank you so much.

Maria Caminero: Many Americans take freedom for granted. There are merry -- many Americans that are burning flags, American flags today in our streets.

Donald Trump: Terrible.

Maria Caminero: There are many anarchists that do not understand how important freedom is and a lot of people believe that it cannot be lost. And Cuba was the seventh-largest economy in the world when Castro came into power and the island has been destroyed. And when you take freedom away from people, you take the life away from people, you take dignity away from people, and a lot of people are like why don't Cubans fight back.

Maria Caminero: Many do not know what to fight for anymore because they don't understand. They never experienced what it was like to be free. But because we have and we have a President like you that has put America first and I've been here since I was five years old and I have seen many Presidents give America away. When people say to me, oh, the world doesn't like him.

Maria Caminero: I'm like I don't care. He's the President of the United States. He is not the President of the world. He's our President.

Donald Trump: [Inaudible] you don't want to.

Maria Caminero: He's our President and I thank you.

Donald Trump: Thank you, Maria.

Maria Caminero: I'm in the manufacturing business. I thank you for trying so hard to bring manufacturing back because when we consume what we make it makes us stronger and a lot of people don't realize that. A lot of people just think about buying cheap and buying cheap, no, let's buy better.

Donald Trump: Yeah. Yeah.

Maria Caminero: American goods are more expensive but they're better. I started in the furniture industry when I was 21 years old and I used to sell things that were American made, Mexican made, Canadian made, things that you could pass on. Now, everything is disposable, everything. Life is disposable. Look at how -- how they think that late-term abortion is OK.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Maria Caminero: It's not OK you know. So this election, as far as I can see it, I'm going to be 57 years old in a couple of months, is the most important election, at least, in my lifetime because of what you symbolize. And I thank you for putting America first.

Donald Trump: Thank you, Maria.

Maria Caminero: I appreciate you.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. Thank you very much. I really appreciate that. Thank you, Maria. Please, Victoria.

Victoria Seaman: Thank you, Mr. President for the opportunity to come to this roundtable today. I, too, fled California 15 years ago. I was the small business owner of Day Spas because of the taxing and regulations 15 years ago. I knew it was time to move to a more business-friendly state. And so my husband retired as a federal agent and we moved here and I started a bath and body product line manufacturing and distribution.

Donald Trump: Right.

Victoria Seaman: And we grew that for five years until the Obama-Biden administration. They won the election and they -- the policies were so unfriendly towards small businesses. The talk of you didn't build that and we're going to build the economy from the middle class out. I knew he did not understand business. And so we listed our business when he got inaugurated, sold it six months later and me being non-political, I said I will work for every fiscal conservative business person that runs for office and that's exactly what I did.

Victoria Seaman: And then, I became recruited and ran for the state house. I actually won my election in 2014.

Donald Trump: Great. Great.

Victoria Seaman: And I was the first Republican Latina in the state house and I realized that only 23% of the legislature had ever signed the front of a paycheck. So I went on. Today, I'm a city councilwoman and I went on to -- with -- we now have three Republicans. I think historically or at least for the first time, three Democrats and an independent Mayor.

Victoria Seaman: And I can tell you that we will not defund the police as long as I'm there.

Donald Trump: Good. That's good. That's good.

Victoria Seaman: I can tell you Mr. President, it is a breath of fresh air to have a President that we know that we can have the opportunity to start a business, to bring our vision to fruition. You have done more for this country in my lifetime than any other President and I will fight hard for your re-election.

Donald Trump: [Inaudible] Thank you.

Victoria Seaman: And thank you very much for everything that you've done. One more thing. When I get upset because the fake media attacks me, my husband says to me stop whining and think about what President Trump goes through everyday.

Donald Trump: A lot of truth to that. Thank your husband very much. Thank you. Thank you very much. I appreciate it. Go ahead, please.

Jesus Marquez: Well, thank you very much for having me here President Donald Trump and my name is Jesus Marquez. I'm a small business owner. I am also a part of the Latino for Trump advisory board and I'm the local radio show host for the only conservative radio show host in Nevada myself and I'm also was recently appointed by youth for -- to be a commissioner for the newly created Hispanic Prosperity Initiative.

Jesus Marquez: And it's a great honor to serve my country, especially serve my country under you, Mr. President. One thing that I wanted to tell you -- the first thing I wanted to tell you is that Nevada welcomes you. We were -- we've been waiting for you because we need you. We need your policies. We need everything you do.

Jesus Marquez: We have a Governor that has been very tough on us, not just businesses but people. I hear through my radio show and all the work that I do knocking on doors and organizing pastors and people and leaders here in Nevada, in Las Vegas. One thing I hear from everybody is that they are tired of the situation because they want to get America back.

Jesus Marquez: They want to get Nevada back up and running.

Donald Trump: Right.

Jesus Marquez: And I hear even from Union members, I hear them say that they are struggling because they are -- the uncertainty of being locked down of not having their hours and -- and so they are hurting. Especially also know things that I -- I'm a big ad -- I'm a big advocate for school choice. My two kids who are school age go to a charter school.

Jesus Marquez: My 6-year old came to me the other day running because you heard in the news that Biden was going to shut down charter schools and my 6-year old, Tony. Daddy, daddy, is it true that Biden's going to shut our -- my school? She loves her school. We love her school and it is very important that we save our schools and also our neighborhoods from the insecurity.

Jesus Marquez: The law in order that you propose is what we want in our states and especially in our communities, Hispanic communities. We are directly impacted by the uncertainty of not having a law and order system and that's what we want. We want law and order in our cities and our communities and I think you are the President for that.

Jesus Marquez: I thank you very much and I agree with everybody here that says that you are the best President in decades or at least in my lifetime. And I love history I can go back a couple of decades before I was born I know that you are the best President.

Donald Trump: That's really nice.

Jesus Marquez: Thank you very much. God bless you.

Donald Trump: Thank you. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you very much. Please, Laura.

Unidentified: [Laura - last name unknown]

Unidentified: I started my business back in October 2014 and I felt that there was just so many great programs in our city that a lot of people didn't know about them. So I went ahead and I started with two other community leaders a nonprofit organization. We are a 501(c)3 so I'm really sorry. I can't endorse anyone through the organization, but we would basically -- we started in January 2015. We represent basically bringing the Hispanic and non-Hispanic business community together.

Unidentified: We're made up of volun -- a lot of volunteers small business owners. We basically focus on educating our community on business. We volunteer in schools. We actually adopted Arturo Cambeiro elementary school over five years ago and two years ago, we went ahead and took on Dell Robinson middle school. It's very important for us to go into our community and to our schools and allow the children to be able to see Latina women, Latino men, you know that are attorneys, that are business owners so that we can guide them.

Unidentified: I will tell you that this administration, you -- you've been such a blessing. The SBA, absolutely wonderful. I mean, for you guys to have been able to pass the PPP, the disaster loan. Me personally, there's no way that my business would still be alive if it wasn't for you. And so, we do have different types of events and one event that we have every single year.

Unidentified: It's our fundraiser, our annual fund raiser, our signature event. It's called Exito Awards. OK, I'm going to be honest. I would have loved to nominated the Governor. I would -- what an honor and privilege to have nominated the Governor of Nevada. But unfortunately, I couldn't, couldn't find myself to actually nominate him because he has killed our businesses, OK?

Unidentified: And so, I went ahead and I nominated you President and I nominated also Jovita Carranza and I will tell you that on Friday you won the nomination.

Donald Trump: Oh, good.

Unidentified: So now we just hope that you accept our nomination. We have to actually go through that process and I really do accept it.

Donald Trump: I will, OK. And I will accept it, OK.

Unidentified: Oh, oh, God, thank you.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Unidentified: Once again, we absolutely love you.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. Thank you. I appreciate it. Very nice, beautiful.

Unidentified: I cried.

Donald Trump: Now, you could very --

Unidentified: Mr. President, it's an absolute honor to meet you and to be here. I actually didn't think I was going to be chosen to be one of the ones here. But you're absolutely amazing. And my momma, before I get in trouble with my mom she said when you meet Trump you're going to tell him, oh, I love him. So I'm happy that way.

Unidentified: I'm a small business owner. I run a janitorial service and I've been affected with COVID and the -- with what Governor's doing and it's hard, but Christ is with us and as long as you continue to help us.

Donald Trump: That's right.

Unidentified: And I believe that he put you in your position to help this country and you're doing a fantastic job. I didn't come here with a question. I just came here to tell you how much --

Donald Trump: That's really nice. Will you say hello to your mother?

Unidentified: I will. Her name is Carol Dominguez.

Donald Trump: Good. Say hello to her.

Unidentified: She's feisty.

Donald Trump: She did a -- she did a good job. She did a good job with the son. I can see that. Thank you very much.

Unidentified: But, um, I am really proud of you.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Unidentified: I am very honored. I'm amazed.

Donald Trump: I appreciate it. Thank you very much. Great honor. Thank you. Thank you.

Blanca Fox: My name is Blanca Fox. I come from Guatemala back in 1989. I moved to this great state of Nevada in 1996 and my husband and I become -- we own multiple businesses in real estate and we've been having a little bit hard time with one particular business, which is bar and restaurant and we also have a gaming, and a gaming has been shut down for us.

Blanca Fox: Not for the casino, no, for -- if you go to the Smiths markers they have all the machines open. So it's only like being like you have selected people that can run the business. So I don't know this thing how the Governor is choosing who can run --

Donald Trump: It's very unfair.

Blanca Fox: It's very unfair. So in that area, I'm very, very hurt. But I'm here and to tell you that I'm very honored that you select me to be in this table to represent the rest of Hispanic like we all -- as we understand everybody have a hard time. This [Inaudible] is being really hard for everybody. But thanks to all their system programs.

Blanca Fox: They go -- that you create, it helps me to maintain one of my business. We got the PPP program and the I -- EIDL program and we're afloat. We support 20 employees and we're very proud to have you as a President.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. Thank you. Appreciate it very much.

Reynaldo Robledo: Oh, I'm nervous. Mr. President, great seeing you here again. Second time, uh, third time to get to meet you. I'm pretty excited. So we'll talk a little bit about our business. Good -- we're in the business -- I did not start our business. My parents started the company 57 years ago. You know I'd like to say, I'm 12th child of 13. So my older brothers and sisters started worked really hard along with my parents to get the company going.

Reynaldo Robledo: Our name of our company's Roberto's Taco shop. We have 72 stores total. We have 54 stores here in Las Vegas, three up in Reno, the rest are in San Diego where we started. You know, when my parents came from Mexico they came out here just for the American dream. My dad came up here. He worked up in Michigan with a -- for a company.

Reynaldo Robledo: He worked at the railroad company before. In 1957, he brought my mother and seven of my brothers and sisters over. They worked hard in the fields. And in 1964, my dad started out a tortilla factory at his own house and from there he grew -- he grew and opened up -- opening up a restaurant in San Diego and then in 1990, he moved here to Las Vegas.

Reynaldo Robledo: When he passed away in 1999, he had 18 stores. Of those 18 stores, I still have 10 stores that are still up and running. Oh, boy, anyways, I do want to say again. Thank you for having me here again and you know, my dad taught us to work hard. He never pushed us to go to school. Out of 13 of us, my brothers and sisters only two graduated, but he always told us, you're not going to go to school you go to work for us.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Reynaldo Robledo: So I was -- I was one of the eleven kids to go to work. I was very young when I started working for him. And again, now I'm in charge of a lot of our stores here in Nevada.

Donald Trump: That's great.

Reynaldo Robledo: So you know it is hard work but the payoff is really great.

Donald Trump: Good.

Reynaldo Robledo: With this COVID, um, I cannot say we've been affected. Actually, you know, for -- for some reason our restaurant is a really really well. We've opened three stores this year. We're going to be opening two more this year.

Donald Trump: Wow.

Reynaldo Robledo: For the year so we're just --

Donald Trump: Wow, that's fantastic.

Reynaldo Robledo: We're growing, we're growing. We're still looking for places in Las Vegas to open more stores. You know, people tell me because we have so many here in Las Vegas, why open more? Well, there's room for more, there's room for more. So that's all I've got to say and again, you know, we love the work you're doing.

Reynaldo Robledo: We love what you've done for us. I think you helped us a lot with your TAP programs. We benefit a lot from that and that's it. That's all I got to say.

Donald Trump: Well, your father would be very proud of you, right? Good job. That was a great job. Thank you.

Reynaldo Robledo: I do want to say my condolences to you with yoiur brother.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Reynaldo Robledo: I, too lost my mom two months ago tomorrow. So, uh --

Donald Trump: It's not easy.

Reynaldo Robledo: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. Great job. Thank you. Well, I want to thank everybody very much. This is fantastic and again, it's never been shown like this for a Republican. The Republicans are good and Democrats are good, but there's never been anything quite like this. When we saw the love last night and long before that, frankly, because I've been with the Latinos, the Hispanics, you go by many different names, all different -- some prefer one, some prefer another.

Donald Trump: You know, we discuss it, and in the end, they say do whatever you want, call us whatever you want because you've been the best that we've ever had. And that's such an honor when people say that and we love you and we will be with you. And we're never going to let you down. And I want to thank you all for being here.

Donald Trump: It's really great. Thank you. Thank you all very much. Thank you. Thank you. Please. Thank you very much. Thank you. Great. Great job.