Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-usaf-chief-of-staff-ceremony-charles-brown-august-4-2020

Donald Trump: So thank you very much everybody. This is very special. Charles Q. -- I like that -- Q. Brown, Jr. And you family is very proud of you. Your wife is very proud, your sons are very proud, and I'm very proud. And I'm proud to have you in the Oval Office. This was going to be in a different location, and there's only one Oval Office. I said, "This is the big leagues, and we have to have you and your family over to celebrate." This is an incredible occasion.

Donald Trump: There's only one thing I worry about: Charles was confirmed 98 to nothing. That makes me a little bit concerned, right? Ninety-eight -- [laughter]. I've never heard -- I've never heard that before. You understand what that means: 98 to nothing. So that's an achievement.

Donald Trump: But you have had an incredible career, and this is a capper, and I just want to congratulate you. And it's an honor to have you in this very fabled office and to have you in the White House. And thank you very much for being here, and congratulations to you and your family on a job well done.

Charles Q. Brown Jr.: Thank you, Mr. President. My pleasure.

Donald Trump: Fantastic job. Thank you. Thank you very much. [Applause]

Donald Trump: First of all, would you like to say something, Charles?

Charles Q. Brown Jr.: Well, first of all, I appreciate the honor to be back in the Oval Office. It was back on January 15th -- I remember it well --

Donald Trump: Right. Right.

Charles Q. Brown Jr.: -- when I came here for my interview. And I appreciate the trust and confidence from you, the Vice President, Secretary Esper, and Secretary Barrett, General Goldfein, and the rest of the Air Force leadership.

Charles Q. Brown Jr.: It is a distinct honor for me to have this opportunity. And so I feel very honored and blessed. And I enjoy serving. So I really thank my family because they get a vote --

Donald Trump: It's a great family.

Charles Q. Brown Jr.: -- on this, and my parents and my sister, in-laws, brother-in-law, and those that aren't here today for all they've done to help me be who I am.

Donald Trump: Well, you know, this is your last chance to get out of it, okay? [Laughter] Because in another minute, that won't happen, right? This is it. Okay.

Donald Trump: Well, you're a great gentleman, a great man, and congratulations. And to you family: It's an amazing achievement. Amazing achievement. Thank you very much.

Donald Trump: Please, Mike.

Mike Pence: I'll administer the Oath of Office. General, place your left hand on the Bible, raise your right hand, and repeat after me.

Mike Pence: [The Vice President administers the oath]

Mike Pence: Congratulations, General. [Applause]

Donald Trump: Fantastic. Thank you very much.

Donald Trump: Secretary of Defense, maybe you'd like to say something, please? You know each other very well.

Mark T. Esper: Yes, sir. I -- Mr. President, this is a -- a historic day. I'm so pleased to have General Brown selected for Chief of Staff of the Air Force. Thank you, Mr. President. A great choice. And I know he's going to lead our Air Force well into the -- into the next century and beyond.

Mark T. Esper: And so we're very excited for him and his family. It's a long road to get -- to get to four stars, and he's done exceptionally well. And I know we're all excited about him coming upon.

Mark T. Esper: He's pick- -- picking up the torch from another great leader, General Goldfein -- there you are. Thank you, sir. You give up the helm here in two days, and you've done a great job yourself. And we -- we wish you and your family [inaudible]. [Applause]

Donald Trump: [Inaudible]

David L. Goldfein: Well, sir, today is a little bit of a bookend for us --

Donald Trump: Yes.

David L. Goldfein: -- because we started this journey with my best friend and my high school sweetheart, and I get to hand over the service to one of my other best friends, C.Q. Brown.

Donald Trump: Isn't that great. Beautiful. That's very nice. Thank you. And you have done a fantastic job. Thank you very much.

David L. Goldfein: Thank you, sir.

Donald Trump: Appreciate it. [Applause]

Donald Trump: Good luck. Go out there, and do it. Greatest country in the world. And you have all those brand-new F-35s; you have all that. [Laughter] And you have equipment like you didn't have two or three years ago, I can tell you.

Donald Trump: Congratulations.

Sharene Brown: Thank you.

Charles Q. Brown Jr.: Thank you, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Congratulations, everybody. [Applause]