Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-meeting-ram-nath-kovind-india-new-delhi-february-25-2020

Ram Nath Kovind: Excellency, I warmly welcome you, the First Lady, and the high-level delegation on your state visit to India. Excellency, your first-ever visit to India as President of the United States was eagerly awaited. It is an honor for us to host you. Excellency, the attention and interest, which your visit has generated in India, is truly remarkable.

Ram Nath Kovind: This shows the respect and goodwill of the people of India, for you as well as the United States. Excellency, your participation in the "Howdy Modi" event had already -- had already won the hearts of millions of Indians. And the "Namaste Trump" event held yesterday has brought you even more closer to the people of India.

Donald Trump: Yes.

Ram Nath Kovind: Yeah. Excellency, it is the first time that such a large-scale reception has taken place to welcome a foreign leader. Excellency, you are a valued friend of India. Our bilateral relations have been progressing very well in your visit. India is deeply content to further deepen our strategic partnership. Excellency, I once again welcome you. Thank you. If you would give remarks.

Donald Trump: Well, thank you very much, Mr. President. It's an honor to be with you both and with your representatives. And we did a lot of work over the last two days. We did a lot flying to get here, but a lot of work and very productive work. And we've seen a good deal of your country, and it's a great country.

Donald Trump: The relationship has never been better between India and the United States. And, as you know, we're working on major trade deals and military purchase deals, and a lot of other things. And very positive things. And I just want to thank you. Ma'am, I'd like to thank you very much. This is a great honor to have met you.

Donald Trump: And, on behalf of the First Lady, myself, and all of my representatives, this was a tremendous learning experience and something very special. India, to me, is a very, very special nation and it's great to be with you. Thank you very much, Mr. President.

Ram Nath Kovind: Thank you, Excellency. Thank you.