Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-tech-workers-executive-order-august-3-2020

Donald Trump: Well, thank you very much. And today I'm signing an executive order to ensure that the federal government lives by a very simple rule: Hire American. We've been doing it at a level that hasn't been done maybe ever.

Donald Trump: I'll also be taking firm, disciplinary action against the leadership of the Tennessee Valley Authority, which has sadly and cruelly betrayed American workers. And we have some of those great American workers with us at the table. This is the Cabinet Room, and it's an honor to have you in the Cabinet Room and at the Oval Office.

Donald Trump: We're joined by the Vice President; Congressman Tim Burchett, who's doing a fantastic job in the state of Tennessee; Secretary of Labor Eugene Scalia; Acting Deputy Secretary of Homeland Secretary, Ken Cuccinelli. Where's Ken? Hi, Ken. I didn't see you down there. That's great. Doing a great job.

Ken Cuccinelli: Quiet, as usual.

Donald Trump: Keep you busy, right? [Laughter] We're keeping you busy, Ken.

Donald Trump: Recently, the CEO of the Tennessee Valley Authority, Jeffrey Lyash, made a disastrous and heartless decision. The TVA announced that it would lay off over 200 American workers and replace them with cheaper foreign workers brought in from overseas.

Donald Trump: The Tennessee Valley Authority leadership then ordered the American workers to train their foreign replacements, rubbing salt in their very open wound.

Donald Trump: So we're going to bring in workers. They're going to foreign workers. And people from Tennessee, and some others states right around it, are going to train them -- what to do and how to do it. It doesn't work that way.

Donald Trump: As we speak, we're finalizing H1-B regulations so that no American worker is replaced ever again. H1-Bs should be used for top, highly paid talent to create American jobs, not as inexpensive labor program to destroy American jobs.

Donald Trump: Sitting at the table are six of the TVA workers who were ordered to train the foreign labor flown in to replace them. I want you and your colleagues to know that my administration will not be putting up with -- I happen to know a young woman who's been very active over the last couple of years because we were together on Disney and a couple of other things.

Sara Blackwell: Yes. Yes, sir. Yes, sir.

Donald Trump: And it all seems to be working out pretty well.

Sara Blackwell: Thank you so much.

Donald Trump: You're doing a great job.

Sara Blackwell: Thank you.

Donald Trump: And thank you for it.

Donald Trump: But that's why I'm formally removing the chairman of the board, James Thompson, and board member Richard Howorth. If the TVA does not move swiftly to reverse their decision to rehire their workers, then more board members will be removed. We have the absolute right to remove board members. And the board makes the decision; I don't make the decision. I saw there was an ad on television talking about the amount of money that the chairman makes, and it's a ridiculous amount of money. But we have the right to replace the board, and the board is the one -- the only ones that get the right to then hire a new person.

Donald Trump: Furthermore, the board must immediately hire that new CEO who puts the interest of American workers first. The current CEO, Jeff Lyash, is ridiculously overpaid. He earns $8 million a year. Did you know that? Eight million. He's the highest-paid government official of any country anywhere in the world.

Donald Trump: Now, I don't know that you call him officially a "government." It might be a public-private. It may be something -- a lot time ago, it was established, Tennessee Valley Authority. But he gets $8 million a year. So that was just a succession of deep-swamp things happening, and it's a disgrace. But he gets $8 million a year, and I can think of about almost 100 percent of the people I know would take that job. [Laughter] It's not a very hard job. I mean, you have not a lot of debt, not a lot of anything, right?

Donald Trump: Public service is just that: Those who takes these jobs must be focused on the public good, not on personal profit. He would have taken the job for millions and millions of dollars less, but nobody asked him to do that. Okay? He would have gone for less. You could have had him for $4 million, $6 million, $7 million, $2 million, $1 million, probably $500,000 a year.

Donald Trump: But the new CEO must be paid no more than $500,000 a year, which is still a significant amount more than the President of the United States makes. And I donate my salary. I've donated it. From what I hear, I'm the only President to do that. You'll have to check on that, but that's what I've heard. I'm very surprised to hear that. But I donate my full salary; I don't take it.

Donald Trump: The board must work to ensure the CEO does not receive a lavish compensation package upon his departure, too. We don't want him leaving and then he gets a big check for millions and millions of dollars.

Donald Trump: We want the TVA to take action on this immediately: Lower energy prices in the states of Georgia, Alabama, Kentucky, Mississippi, North Carolina, Tennessee, and Virginia. I love all those states. Any additional states you can think of there? I don't know. Let's see. So we're talking about of Georgia, Alabama, Kentucky, Mississippi, North Carolina, Tennessee, and Virginia. Great states, there -- every one of them.

Donald Trump: So let this serve as a warning to any federally appointed board. If you betray American workers, then you will hear two simple words: "You're fired." "You're fired." It's ridiculous. The man is getting $8 million. It'd be interesting to see how much money he made before this. And I have no idea. Maybe he made more. I don't know. But I doubt it. But it'd be interesting to see. He got this position -- must have been politically inspired because I can think of probably, almost, everybody in the nation would have liked this position, including every one of the media folks across the table from me. I would say that everybody would have liked this position.

Donald Trump: So, with that, we're getting rid of him in one form or another. Either the board is going to do it, we're going to do it. But he's gone. And he's done not a great job. He's done not even a good job, in certain ways. Plants in Kentucky -- he could've kept the plant open in Kentucky, if he wanted to, even if they retrofitted the plant. And he didn't do that, did he, Congressman?

Tim Burchett: No, sir.

Donald Trump: He wouldn't do that.

Tim Burchett: No, sir.

Donald Trump: We asked him to do it. He didn't want to do it. We said, "That's okay." And here we are doing what we're doing today.

Donald Trump: So we will get somebody for a much lower price. I want the saving -- much lower salary -- I want the saving to go to the people of these great states in the form of energy savings. And that's a pretty substantial number.

Donald Trump: So, Kevin, could I ask you to start off and say a few words, please?

Kevin Lynn: I certainly appreciate that, Mr. President. My name is Kevin Lynn. I'm the executive director of Progressives for Immigration Reform and the founder of U.S. Tech Workers. And thank you for paying attention to our ad, Mr. President.

Kevin Lynn: We were founded -- we founded U.S. Tech Workers three years ago to look at the -- and inform the public on the great harm that's being caused by the outsourcing and offshoring of our skilled labor jobs. And, Mr. President, I want to thank you for inviting us here. On behalf of U.S. Tech Workers and the Tennessee Valley Authority, we appreciate your willingness to look at the endangered jobs of the Tennessee Valley Authority workers, especially in a time of pandemic and an election year, when you've been so busy signing documents that affect the welfare of millions of Americans.

Kevin Lynn: Taking time to ensure that these hundreds of workers, under your administration, can continue to provide great services to the American people, as they have since 1933, shows the people of Tennessee and beyond that you stand by your promise to keep American jobs with Americans.

Kevin Lynn: This is a historic moment that I'm hopeful will reverse the harm outsourcing and offshoring have done to our nation's productive classes. And it is my hope that Congress will join you, Mr. President, in making sure our workers are more secure in their jobs.

Donald Trump: Good.

Kevin Lynn: Thank you, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: So you're the one that took the ad about me that -- I didn't know that. [Laughter] I was just saying, you know, "I think he's the one that took this, really, vicious ad." Like, I hired this guy for $8 million, that I had nothing to do with it. I said, "What's that?" But, actually, you brought something very important up, because when I looked into it, I said, "This guy is actually making $8 million a year." And you did the ad. So you really made me aware of what was going on with the Tennessee Valley Authority, which has been a -- a feeding pot for a long time. And a lot of deep state, a lot of swamp creatures, okay?

Donald Trump: So, that's it. So we're going to make that -- I see. So I think now you realize that it wasn't about me. I hope you now realize that.

Kevin Lynn: I do realize that, Mr. President. [Laughter] But if I could --

Donald Trump: I accept -- I accept your apology. [Laughter]

Kevin Lynn: In full disclosure, Mr. President, when we sat down with the Davis Agency constructing the ad, they said, "Who's your audience?" And I said, "Just one person. He's the only one that... " --

Donald Trump: That's smart. [Laughter]

Kevin Lynn: -- "... would do this, and he's the only one that can come to the aid of these workers in the Tennessee Valley."

Tim Burchett: He's the only one with any guts to do it -- who has guts to do it.

Donald Trump: I'll tell you, though -- I have to say, Kevin, the end was very appropriate. And while it has nothing to do with me, I can do things with respect to the board, and ultimately, the board controls that decision. This is a very, very old authority done in the --

Kevin Lynn: 1933, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: So it was done during the FDR days. And it's been -- you know, it's been getting crazier and crazier just over the years. And they have, basically, nobody watching over them. And the board isn't watching. You see this happening in public companies also. You see it happening a lot.

Donald Trump: But for a essentially -- I would say, for a federal employee to be paid $8 million -- now what we're doing is we're looking at the board members, how much are they paid. Because usually what happens is they pay, and then he says, "You know, I think you ought to get more money." And everybody is making a lot of money, and your pricing for electric and utilities starts going up, and people say, "I wonder why."

Donald Trump: I also see that they're doing a lot of things in terms of electric, which is very expensive electric. They're building facilities that are very, very expensive to build and don't work well. But we'll discuss that separately.

Donald Trump: But I appreciate it because you did make me aware of what's going on, and it's a terrific thing we're doing today. Thank you very much, Kevin.

Donald Trump: Please, Stacy. How are you?

Stacy Whetzell: I'm doing fine. Mr. President, my name is Stacy Whetzell. I'm the son of a sharecropper.

Stacy Whetzell: First, I want to thank you for being the great American President you are and for caring about and looking out for the great American citizens and workers. We thank you for that.

Stacy Whetzell: I picked cotton from the time I was big enough to carry my own pick sack until I married. My wife and I have been married 47 years and have 7 children and 14 grandchildren. I began working for TVA in 1975 as a carpenter's apprentice. Currently, I'm the system administrator on TVA's core team that's responsible for installing a $20 million computer system. Our team and the entire IT department have been praised and thanked multiple times this summer for the outstanding performance we've done.

Stacy Whetzell: So it was shocking and devastating to be notified on July the 23rd that IT leadership had decided our team and a total of 40 workers would be terminated and our work done to others. This brings the total planned outsourced jobs to over 200 in TVA information technology alone. We believe there are more planned to come.

Stacy Whetzell: The three companies chosen to do the IT work are all three foreign companies that depend heavily on H1-B workers. We're required to train these -- our replacements, as President Trump said. Apparently, we're good enough to train but not retain.

Stacy Whetzell: Using H1-B workers to replace capable and willing American citizens is turning entire American communities upside down. Left unchecked, it will turn our nation upside down and negatively impact our national security as certainly as our 50-year build-up of dependence on China for manufacturing has. Thank you, President Trump, for beginning to reverse that hive-centric mistake.

Stacy Whetzell: American patriots will forever be grateful that you're also acting and fought the misguided and out-of-control H1-B worker program. I thank you for Americans first and acting to stop this travesty.

Donald Trump: Well, you're a very powerful speaker. And so powerful that we just got a call -- Mark just brought this in from -- the TVA CEO, and he's indicated a very strong willingness to reverse course. [Laughter and applause]

Donald Trump: So it must have been Stacy. I think Stacy did a much better job than me. I mean, you're talking and all of the sudden, I get the note.

Donald Trump: So he's looking to change course and reverse it, and that's good. Now, maybe he'll take a major cut in salary, too. That'll be phase two, right? So we'll take a look at that. And maybe you'll start looking at that on behalf of everybody, gratis. Right?

Gay Henson: Yes, sir.

Donald Trump: Your group. That's great, isn't it.

Gay Henson: Yeah, I mean, TVA told me while we were in this process of working on behalf of the workers -- I'm the union president, IFPTE-Engineering Association. They told me it's going to take a message -- a stop order from the President in order to keep us from moving forward. And I said, "I'm working on that." [Laughter]

Donald Trump: And you did a good job.

Gay Henson: So I appreciate you.

Donald Trump: Everybody in this room did a good job.

Gay Henson: I appreciate you, sir.

Donald Trump: And, Congressman, you have my endorsement.

Tim Burchett: Thank you, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Okay? You had it anyway, but you have it now. It's a great job.

Tim Burchett: Well, I appreciate you.

Donald Trump: The only congressman in the room. I tell you, Tim, great job.

Tim Burchett: Thank you, brother.

Donald Trump: That's only phase one. Phase two is -- imagine being paid the $8 million a year to run a thing that's pretty easy to run, in all fairness. It's not like he built it; he didn't build it. He went there and he's been there, and he gets a lot of money, and it shouldn't be. Five hundred thousand dollars is a lot of money, right?

Tim Burchett: Yes, sir. In Tennessee, it is.

Donald Trump: And I'm willing to say he gets paid more money than I do. I don't care.

Tim Burchett: Yes, sir.

Donald Trump: But, you know, it shouldn't happen.

Donald Trump: So that's a start. That's a start. And I think we should find out what board members make, okay? Because --

Tim Burchett: I'll look into that.

Donald Trump: -- I can almost guarantee you they're paid heavily.

Donald Trump: Congratulations, Stacy. Really good.

Donald Trump: Please, go ahead.

David Littlejohn: Yes, sir. Mr. President, thank you. My name is David Littlejohn. I am a soon-to-be father. This November, my wife will be giving birth to my first child. I am a long line -- I'm the son in a long line of military men and women, so I was born with a heart of service. And with that, I love to serve the people of the Valley.

David Littlejohn: I was told July 23rd that I would be sent home and to be trained -- training a contractor from a H1-B-dependent contract company. Now, I'm shaking right now because --

Donald Trump: You're doing great.

David Littlejohn: Thank you.

Donald Trump: You had a big victory already. [Laughter]

David Littlejohn: Yes, sir.

David Littlejohn: I'm shaking right now because this really impacts me and my wife and my unborn child, and I greatly appreciate everyone here to support us.

Donald Trump: I appreciate it, and thank you very much.

David Littlejohn: Yes, sir.

Donald Trump: And you'll see what happens. It's going to be very quick, too. Thank you.

Donald Trump: Wendy, please.

Wendy Turner: Yeah. I'm Wendy Turner, and thank you for having us here. I've been a software engineer at TVA for 19 years. I'm going to change my comments a little. I was [inaudible] saying, you know, for the first time in 19 years, I didn't know what was going to happen to me and my kids, and I also take care of my mom. But what we're going to do going forward -- so, thank you.

Donald Trump: And this was -- everybody felt this way in Tennessee Valley Authority then, I guess-- right? -- if you do. You've been there for 19 years. So everyone had to feel this way, like there's been a big feeling of doubt, right?

Wendy Turner: Right. Yeah.

Donald Trump: That's a terrible thing.

Wendy Turner: Yeah.

Donald Trump: They're waiting for it to happen to them.

Wendy Turner: Yeah, and I've been training since June. I've been training our replacements from a company that relied on --

Donald Trump: You've been training people?

Wendy Turner: Yes. Yes, sir.

Donald Trump: And so, did they let you off yet? Or are you not sure?

Wendy Turner: I got my notice in June that we would be laid off September 1st.

Donald Trump: So you're training people to take your job at a -- whatever. Right?

Wendy Turner: They told us it would be --

Donald Trump: And where are the people from that you're training?

Wendy Turner: All over the place. We -- everything is done remotely or --

Donald Trump: Are they from other countries?

Wendy Turner: They're here on soil now. I don't know their status as far as --

Donald Trump: Because with Disney, they were from other countries, right?

Gay Henson: Yes, sir.

Donald Trump: Go ahead.

Wendy Turner: Yeah, so I don't know. I know the com- -- Accenture is replacing our group, and I know they rely heavily on H1-B workers, but I don't know for sure where everyone is.

Donald Trump: Okay. Well, we'll make sure that things work out for the three of them because they're brave to be here, actually, Sara. So you'll check that out, right?

Sara Blackwell: Yes, sir.

Donald Trump: Let's see that they get their jobs back --

Wendy Turner: Thank you very much.

Donald Trump: -- because I hear you're great workers. I mean, I said I want people, but I also people that are really good workers -- that did a great job. Because, you know, people can be let go; should be able to -- if they're not doing a good job. I'm all for that. I think -- I'll bet you are.

Donald Trump: But I said, "I want people that really do a great job and were unfairly let go." Right, Tim?

Tim Burchett: Absolutely.

Donald Trump: That's, to me, very important.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much, Wendy. We'll see what happens. Okay? We're going to push it hard.

Donald Trump: Chuck, please.

Chuck Charnawskas: Mr. President and Mr. Vice President, I recognize how busy your schedule is, and I sincerely appreciate your time today. Okay?

Chuck Charnawskas: I'm Chuck Charnawskas. Basically, I've had the opportunity to work with the really technically competent people of the Tennessee Valley for seven years, okay? It's been a great experience. I have a degree in electrical engineering, 45 years of valuable industrial experience, and I'm a certified security professional here, okay?

Chuck Charnawskas: Working with the people in Tennessee Valley was how I learned just how important the Tennessee Valley is to 11 million people in seven different states, okay, and how it basically impacts their lives. It's absolutely significant. And that is the reason that I'm really here today.

Chuck Charnawskas: The TVA basically has the capability to produce 35 billion watts of powers, okay? They have 17,000 lines of high-voltage transmission.

Donald Trump: How does that compare to other big utilities, would you say?

Chuck Charnawskas: It definitely ranks right in the top of them. There's no question about it. And very significant: Tennessee Valley is part of the Southeastern Reliability Corporation, and it's obviously one of the biggest players in that area.

Donald Trump: Yea, it's very big. That's a lot.

Chuck Charnawskas: Very significant in that respect, okay? And in essence here, as a consequence of that, they also basically support 35 dams -- that produce power from 29 -- to do flood control.

Chuck Charnawskas: Just a couple years ago, they were able to reduce billions of dollars of potential damage by managing the rivers correctly, in that case.

Donald Trump: Right.

Chuck Charnawskas: They have three major power plants -- nuclear power plants.

Donald Trump: What's your biggest dam? What's the big dam?

Chuck Charnawskas: Probably it would be Chickamauga or --

Jonathan Hicks: Wilson. Wilson Dam, in Alabama.

Donald Trump: Wilson in Alabama.

Chuck Charnawskas: There's the expert, right down there. [Laughter] So I defer to the expert about that.

Chuck Charnawskas: But the bottom line of it: As a consequence of this, it's a very -- a very important player not only in the Southeast region, but for [inaudible] internationally, okay? And today, the TVA receives hundreds if not thousands of potential attacks -- cyberattacks -- testing its network here, right?

Chuck Charnawskas: It's imperative to have experienced, knowledgeable employees to handle that situation, yeah. Okay?

Donald Trump: Good.

Chuck Charnawskas: And a fine example of this -- and I just kind of -- you know, it's a little bit humorous, but the great power outage in 2003 was affected by a software glitch -- okay? -- that impacted and it shut down Manhattan for 24 hours.

Donald Trump: I remember that very well. [Laughter]

Chuck Charnawskas: I thought you might be related -- or familiar with that. So, as a -- it just really points to the significance of having qualified, vetted people with proper clearances.

Donald Trump: I agree.

Chuck Charnawskas: -- dedicated to that job.

Donald Trump: I agree. That wouldn't happen with you, would it? Huh? It wouldn't happen.

Wendy Turner: No, sir.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. I appreciate it, Chuck.

Chuck Charnawskas: And then just a -- quickly, two other quick points. Basically, this outsourcing agreement could impact -- the Tennessee Valley has always -- our goals are to provide energy, economic development, and protect the environment. This particular outsourcing agreement could impact the Valley by $88 million to these local economies here. And for the individuals that are in there, not only may they lose their primary income, but they may consequently have insurance costs that basically reflect a 3- to 400 percent increase for these families on how they manage it.

Chuck Charnawskas: And I'd like --

Donald Trump: Yeah. And you're going to lose -- you're going to lose people when you're firing people that are -- they live in Tennessee and they live in Georgia and they live in the other states that I mentioned, and it's not a fair situation.

Donald Trump: Go ahead. Let's -- let's go, Chuck.

Chuck Charnawskas: Final point: The effort here to make America great again -- okay -- reflects the fact that we need to take into repatriate manufacturing companies and companies to take and spend our money domestically and support the domestic product. How can we justify spending these millions of dollars -- for one particular consulting firm, $15 million to --

Donald Trump: Who is the consulting firm?

Chuck Charnawskas: Well, that would be Capgemini [inaudible].

Donald Trump: You spent $15 million a year on a consulting firm?

Chuck Charnawskas: Well, this was a --

Donald Trump: We just found another nugget of gold. [Laughter]

Donald Trump: Sara doesn't care about that one, but that's a -- [laughter] -- I care about. You spent $15 million to one consulting firm.

Gay Henson: It's not -- it's not a consulting -- that's one of the companies that are picking up. And it's Capgemini, and that's $15 million that -- just for that one company.

Donald Trump: How many are there -- how many are there like that?

Gay Henson: There's Capgemini, CGI, Accenture, and Tech Systems at TVA --

Donald Trump: And they're paying tremendous amount of money?

Gay Henson: Yes, sir. And our workers are more than capable.

Donald Trump: Very -- they're very political people. You know this is a very political group of people you just named?

Gay Henson: Really? I just know that --

Donald Trump: Not to me. Not to me, I don't care. [Laughter] I don't care who they are, but they -- they are very political.

Gay Henson: Well, I mean, and these people are more than capable of doing the job and have done it with excellence. And TVA says your matrix for your performance is above; it doesn't make sense. And what you're doing -- I cannot tell you how much it means to me. And for these workers it -- and I'm very emotional because TVA is a large racket. They do their thing, and nobody can touch them. And I believe today they've been touched.

Donald Trump: It's a racket.

Gay Henson: They've been touched. [Laughter]

Donald Trump: No, it's a racket. Well, we just found that out. [Laughter] No, it's a racket.

Donald Trump: I mean -- I mean, I understand it. The four firms that you just mentioned that are paid tens of millions of dollars, they're very political firms. You know, they may be good, but they're very political firms. And they do it for much less much -- much, much, much less. You could give them half. You could give them 10 percent, they'd probably do it for. Those are big numbers for a consulting firm.

Gay Henson: Well, they're -- they're not the consulting firm; they're the ones actually going to take these people's jobs. That --

Donald Trump: That's worse.

Gay Henson: Yes, it is worse. So I mean --

Tim Burchett: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: Tim, go ahead, please.

Tim Burchett: Mr. President, thank you --

Donald Trump: Congratulations.

Tim Burchett: -- and Vice President so much for this. My mama worked at TVA after the Second -- during the -- at the end of the Second World War, when dad came home from the Pacific and married her, and then she went into education. But, you know, working people are the backbone of this country. That's not cliché and you've --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Tim Burchett: -- you've highlighted that so much with the trades and other things, and I'm very appreciative of the fact.

Tim Burchett: But I'll you what: Dadgummit, if TVA wants be Duke Electric, let them because Duke Electric, but they're not. And they -- they hide behind the government's skirt and they -- they use eminent domain, and their arrogance is beyond belief. You know, when they had the ash spill, people died, and then -- you know, and then they are just these poor country folks that are just pushing them off until they all die off, until those lawsuits go away. It's ridiculous.

Donald Trump: No, that's right. And, by the way, in Kentucky, when we wanted to have a plant open with a lot of jobs, they didn't even want to consider it.

Tim Burchett: No. No, they didn't. It's their arrogance. You're questioning them, and finally we have a President with the guts that understands business and government. And if TVA wants to be a government entity, they need to -- they need to declare it, and quit using -- they hide behind -- you know, they have their -- their --

Donald Trump: Do you think Joe Biden would do this?

Tim Burchett: Heck no.

Donald Trump: He wouldn't know you're alive.

Tim Burchett: He'd be -- no, he'd --

Donald Trump: He doesn't know he's alive either. [Laughter]

Tim Burchett: He needs to get out of the bunker.

Donald Trump: No, can you imagine him sitting at this table right now? Wouldn't have a clue.

Tim Burchett: No, sir.

Donald Trump: Okay. So go ahead, Tim.

Tim Burchett: No, I think you pretty much covered it, Mr. President. I'm just honored to be here. And I --

Donald Trump: Well, I'm honored that you're here. And you've done a fantastic job.

Tim Burchett: And I thank you for standing up for working Americans.

Donald Trump: Yeah, well we're going to -- and we're going to get this finished too. So we'll get it finished, Sara.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much, Tim.

Tim Burchett: Yes, sir.

Donald Trump: Gene, please.

Eugene Scalia: Mr. President, thank you for bringing this group together. And this this meeting has, I think, shown a very human impact on individual working --

Donald Trump: Incredible.

Eugene Scalia: -- men and women of a practice that's actually pretty widespread.

Eugene Scalia: And the way it's worked under our immigration laws for a while now is that a company that wants to bring in workers from overseas -- wants to use the H1-B program for high-skilled workers -- has to file an attestation with us at the Labor Department, saying American workers aren't going to lose their jobs when I bring in these H1-B workers. And they have to say it's not going to hurt their wages.

Eugene Scalia: But what companies do is they bring workers in, and then they lease them out to another company. And so you've got one company bringing them in and then leasing them to TVA. And it's true, the company bringing them in -- their workers aren't being affected, but the TVA workers are.

Eugene Scalia: And so I took a look at this, as your Labor Secretary, recently, and I said to my staff -- I said, "Well, if the workers are going to the other company, why doesn't the other company, where they're actually going to be working and supervised, also file an application?"

Donald Trump: Very good. Right.

Eugene Scalia: "And say, 'We're not going to affect U.S. workers either.'" And I said to staff, "Why can't we do that?" They looked into it. And, Mr. President, today, you're going be signing an order --

Donald Trump: Well, good.

Eugene Scalia: -- that requires that change.

Donald Trump: Good.

Eugene Scalia: So, going forward, when those workers are going to another company, both companies are going to [inaudible] -- [applause] -- and that's a change we'll make. We'll do it together with the Department of Homeland Security.

Eugene Scalia: I just want to mention one other thing we're doing together. For more than 15 years, the Secretary of Labor has had the authority to initiate an investigation of abuse of H1-B program when he or she finds reasonable cause. That has never been done. That authority has never been used.

Eugene Scalia: But again, we saw -- signed a memo of understanding on Friday with the Department of Homeland Security that'll change that too. They're going to now share information they have, which I can then use to bring cases when we're finding the program [inaudible].

Donald Trump: Very good. You're going to find a lot. And thank you very much, Gene.

Eugene Scalia: Thank you. And thank you for this order today.

Donald Trump: Thank you. Thank you very much.

Tim Burchett: Good work, Stacy. [Laughter]

Donald Trump: Right, Stacy? Right? I like that. You like that?

Stacy Whetzell: We'll take it.

Donald Trump: Linda, please.

Linda McDonald: Well, thank you, Mr. President, for being with us today. The concern you show for American workers is greatly appreciated. And my mother made me promise to tell you that Alabama loves and appreciates your leadership. [Laughter]

Donald Trump: I love Alabama.

Linda McDonald: So, a promise that my mother made.

Linda McDonald: My name is Linda McDonald. I've lived in northeast Alabama my entire life. My goal was to work at TVA; that was my American Dream. After years of sacrifice and hard work, I achieved that goal. I've been working for TVA for seven years now. But -- so, and in that role, I got to see every day --

Donald Trump: So that was like an ambition of yours to work someday for TVA?

Linda McDonald: Correct.

Donald Trump: And you finally got there?

Linda McDonald: I did.

Donald Trump: So, what's happening?

Linda McDonald: Well, June 30th, we were told that we would be outsourced to another company with --

Donald Trump: All right. Yeah.

Linda McDonald: Yeah, so, here I am, faced with --

Donald Trump: And you had to have these consulting firms making 10, 15 million dollars a year?

Linda McDonald: Yeah, I feel like my --

Donald Trump: And the man that heads it making $8 million a year, right? [Laughter]

Donald Trump: Go ahead.

Linda McDonald: I feel like my American Dream was being stolen from me --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Linda McDonald: -- and given to someone else. So I just think --

Donald Trump: Is that the way you view it: "given to somebody else"?

Linda McDonald: It is. It was taken from me, and --

Donald Trump: It's a very interesting way --

Linda McDonald: -- it was then given to someone else.

Donald Trump: -- of viewing it, right?

Linda McDonald: So, I thank you for listening to us, because it felt, for so long, like no one was even listening to us. So thank you very much.

Donald Trump: Well, I've been hearing about it for a long time. When I was running, I met Sara, and we worked on the Disney situation --

Sara Blackwell: Yes, sir. Thank you.

Donald Trump: -- but that was a long time ago. But -- and, you know, this has been happening for a while. So we're taking care of it.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. Thank you, Linda. We'll see what happens. You may be very pleasantly surprised. Okay?

Linda McDonald: I hope so.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Donald Trump: Jonathan, please.

Jonathan Hicks: Well, thank you for your time.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Jonathan Hicks: My name is Jonathan Hicks. I'm a -- I'm from a large family, and we've had three -- three members of our family who have served in the U.S. military. I grew up in Tennessee, around the Knoxville area, and started my career with TVA in 2001 as an IT intern. During -- as soon as I graduated, I got a fulltime job there, and I've been there for -- for 19 years. I've been --

Donald Trump: And that was a big deal, right?

Jonathan Hicks: Yes. Yes.

Donald Trump: Working -- because there's a great prestige to that.

Jonathan Hicks: Yes, sir. Yes, sir.

Donald Trump: That's true.

Jonathan Hicks: I've spent my time there working for river operations for the -- for their group, and helping them, you know, have programs -- mostly in-house solutions to be able to manage the river and the river systems.

Jonathan Hicks: I was told in June -- early June -- that I would be training replacements, that I would be receiving my work notice in September, and that the workers that I'd be training, there's been five or plus that I've been training for my one position, and at least four of those seem to be H1-B type workers.

Jonathan Hicks: I guess there's a concern with the kind of stuff that we do, at least for the river operations, and that they're generating a significant amount of power out of all the -- out of all the -- all of these dams. And, you know, is this something that -- that we want to turn over this knowledge, this ability to control these dams and -- you know, whether it be generation, whether it be floodgates -- and hand it over to corporations that aren't in the U.S., to workers that aren't necessarily in the U.S. doing this work?

Donald Trump: Are you there now? Are you --

Jonathan Hicks: Well, I -- I've been put on non-work status. I'm still employed and still getting a paycheck until September 1st, but I've been --

Donald Trump: What happens on September 1st?

Jonathan Hicks: Well, I've been relieved of my job duties, but September 1st is when I would lose --

Donald Trump: And you train people to take your job?

Jonathan Hicks: Yes.

Donald Trump: So you've worked with people to take your job.

Jonathan Hicks: Yes.

Donald Trump: You've taught them, like, almost everything you know, but plenty, right?

Jonathan Hicks: Well, I -- I think there's a big --

Donald Trump: Maybe not. Maybe you held back a couple of secrets. [Laughter]

Jonathan Hicks: Well, I think there's a -- I think there's a big learning curve and there's -- for the knowledge that they do there for river operations, I think it takes several years of understanding the job in order to be able to do this.

Jonathan Hicks: The people that are taking over the job have never dealt with utilities, they've never dealt with power generation, they've never dealt with any kind of water management or hydrogenation. And so the -- to say that they're ready to go is a misstatement. So --

Donald Trump: Well, let's see how out it works out, Jonathan. I think you're going to be in very good shape. Okay? I have a prediction.

Jonathan Hicks: Thank you.

Donald Trump: Thank you. Thank you, Jonathan.

Donald Trump: Please.

Renae McKenzie: It's -- I'm so honored to be here.

Donald Trump: Honored to have you.

Renae McKenzie: My name is Renae McKenzie, and I actually work for the Engineering Association as an advocate for these IT employees and for other white-collar workers. But I've worked really closely with the IT professionals at TVA, with all of this that has been going on.

Renae McKenzie: I've had to witness the anguish of the different employees that are performing these knowledge transfers on the software and the applications that they actually custom built themselves.

Renae McKenzie: But so many TVA employees have been there from the beginning of their careers. So to actually witness what's happening to them, being replaced by these non-Americans, is very difficult.

Renae McKenzie: But I think one of the hardest things to witness is what TVA is actually doing to themselves. I mean, their mission is about bringing economic development to the Tennessee Valley. And to be taking that -- taking our economy and just giving it outside of the United States is just almost -- it's unbelievable because of what they stand for and what they were built for. To come out of economic --

Donald Trump: And you see them going outside of the United States, not just here. You see them go --

Renae McKenzie: Right. Well, if you look at these companies, these companies are based outside of the United States. So -- so when they're getting their millions of dollars, I mean, it's going to France, it's really going to -- I think one of them is --

Gay Henson: India.

Renae McKenzie: India, Canada.

Unidentified: Ireland

Renae McKenzie: And Ireland. So, yes, our dollars are going to them.

Donald Trump: Unbelievable. And they get us in many other ways too, but we're stopping it, as you noticed. That's very interesting.

Donald Trump: So you would say France, India, Ireland, Canada. Who else?

Gay Henson: That's the main groups right there. Those [inaudible] countries.

Renae McKenzie: Right. Those are the main ones.

Donald Trump: A lot of them -- are a lot of the workers being outsourced --

Kevin Lynn: All these firms: H1-B visa dependent. And 70 percent of H1-B visa workers in the United States come from one country: mainly, India.

Tim Burchett: You know, Mr. President, I worry too about the national security. You know, we're during a pandemic, people are out of work, and our electric grid could be put in the hands of folks that, maybe, their loyalty isn't to this great country, and that bothers me.

Donald Trump: You know, with TVA, more so than most companies. You're right -- you're talking about controlling all of that energy and power. It's -- you're right. You're right about that, Tim. That's a very good statement. Anything else?

Renae McKenzie: Just, it -- again, it's such an honor to be in your presence. [Laughs]

Donald Trump: It's my honor. It's my great honor. Do you know the man next to you is Ken Cuccinelli, a legend? [Laughter]

Renae McKenzie: Look, and I tend to be very quiet like him. Just saying.

Donald Trump: He's a legend in his own mind. [Laughter]

Donald Trump: Ken -- Ken has done a fantastic job on the border. Unbelievable job on the border. And you might just tell us for a couple of seconds while we have the -- the media here -- I'm sure they'll report it very accurately -- how well we're doing on the border and then maybe get on to make a statement, because I know you've been working with Gene and everybody very hard.

Ken Cuccinelli: Yes. And Secretary Scalia really covered the partnership with -- between DHS and Department of Labor to solve this problem. You're solving it forcefully today for these folks. You're certainly putting the ball in motion to do that. And what we're -- our two agencies, at your direction from June, are going to do is solve this permanently so that we never have to see this happen again.

Ken Cuccinelli: But, on the border, we're seeing success with your leadership with Mexico and the Northern Triangle countries. The relationships you helped us forge last year, in 2019, are bearing fruit at the border during a very difficult time with the coronavirus and that taskforce, of course, led by the Vice President. And the ability since March to enforce the public health order there has changed the nature of our ability to protect the border.

Ken Cuccinelli: There are still people getting away, more than we would like. But last year, they were running to us; this year, they're running from us, at the border.

Donald Trump: That's right.

Ken Cuccinelli: It's a bit different. And over 80 percent of the folks that we're apprehending are being returned to Mexico in under two hours, which is astonishing. It's just an astonishing turn.

Donald Trump: It used to take, in some cases, years. Years.

Ken Cuccinelli: Right. Absolutely.

Donald Trump: It's been incredible what's happened at the border. And I think the wall is helping you quite a bit, right? We have now about almost 271 miles of wall.

Ken Cuccinelli: Everywhere that that new system is put in place, the Border Patrol agents are just universal in their praise for both their safety and the way it impedes illegal traffic -- not just people, but drugs, as well, and so forth. So it's extremely effective, and it's going up faster and faster and faster.

Donald Trump: They had a human trafficker the other day saying that they used to go out and they're trafficking -- human traffic -- mostly women and children, but mostly women, and they'd bring them across the border, taped up and -- horrible.

Donald Trump: And this guy was saying how they used to go up and they'd make a left turn. They'd make a right and then a left into the United States. He says, and now we just keep driving into this massive wall that nobody gets through. Nobody is getting through that wall. That wall is the real deal. And it's steel, concrete, and everything else. And lots of cameras all over it.

Ken Cuccinelli: That's right.

Donald Trump: And drones on top of it. And people aren't getting through. But it's been an incredible, incredible success.

Ken Cuccinelli: It's a real force multiplier for the Border Patrol and OFO.

Donald Trump: Yeah. And Mexico is helping us a lot. They have --

Ken Cuccinelli: A lot better partnership.

Donald Trump: -- 27,000 soldiers.

Ken Cuccinelli: I remember how people complained about how you were pushing them so hard last year. But the partnership that's grown up with Mexico has been the best. We have really had, in decades, if not forever --

Donald Trump: It's what they say.

Ken Cuccinelli: -- in cooperating and securing the border.

Donald Trump: They have a very good President who was just here two weeks ago.

Ken Cuccinelli: He was. Yes.

Donald Trump: He's really doing a good job. And we have 27,000 Mexican soldiers guarding the border. And they don't play games. They don't play games. It's been pretty amazing. The numbers are way, way down. And we want people to come in, but they have to come in legally, and that's --

Ken Cuccinelli: You got to come in legally. That's right.

Donald Trump: You're doing a fantastic job. Thank you very much.

Ken Cuccinelli: Thank you, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Appreciate it.

Donald Trump: Okay, please. Go ahead. You can finish up.

Gay Henson: Yeah, I appreciate you so much. I really do. As I said earlier, I'm the union president for the workers that are represented by this move that TVA has taken. I met earlier with Tim Burchett and he told me how disgusted he was with it. But that was earlier.

Gay Henson: We've really tried to get our voice heard. We've been screaming, "Hey! Hey! Help us out."

Gay Henson: Finally, U.S. Tech Workers came out, kind of put a commercial together, and we're -- you know, that got your attention, and we appreciate it so much.

Gay Henson: I've lived my whole life in the Tennessee Valley region, and my uncle was a -- worked at TVA during World War Two. He laid his job aside, and went and served and perished in that war. My mother told me TVA was a great place to work, and I -- I've worked there now 35 years.

Gay Henson: This means a lot to the people of the Tennessee Valley region, more than you will ever know. I know that consulting companies looked at what to do with this IT work. They're now looking at what to do -- the same consulting companies are looking at what do with the transmission work. That transmission -- that grid has got to be protected at all cost. And we've got to. We cannot afford to let someone else, who may not have the loyalty to our nation, have the grid.

Gay Henson: And I think that some of these workers here at this table, IT workers, that's one of the biggest they've said to me: There's a large chance that we would be breached. And we can't do that. And we tried to say all those things --

Donald Trump: Well, with our people running it, a very small chance, from what I understand.

Gay Henson: Yes. With the right people running it. right. But you can't give it to just anybody. And that's why these workers at TVA are so important. And I appreciate you and all that you are doing for us.

Donald Trump: Are the people that you're representing, are they -- because you represent a big group of people -- are they all nervous, like the folks at the table?

Gay Henson: Yes.

Donald Trump: Like Wendy?

Gay Henson: They're going, "Are we next, Gay? Is this what's coming next?" And my answer is, "Not on my watch, if we can help it."

Donald Trump: Tell them no. Tell them no, they're not next.

Gay Henson: Okay. Thank you.

Donald Trump: Okay? You can tell them. I think we can say that. So thank you very much.

Gay Henson: Thank you. I just think you bringing TVA back to their mission of service to the people of the Valley, service to people of the Valley and to this nation is -- is a pivotal moment for the Tennessee Valley Authority.

Donald Trump: So, right now, their mission is taking care of a lot of consultants and a lot of people and paying -- paying heads of this whole thing $8 million a year. And you'll find a lot of other things in there that are crazy.

Gay Henson: Well, people over profit. And that's what you're doing here.

Donald Trump: What do the people of Tennessee think when they hear that the head of TVA -- which has been running for a long time -- and, in all fairness, not a very difficult thing; there are many people who can do it. What do they hear when they hear -- and they think of government, you know? It's sort of semi- -- I guess, you call it -- public-private. But there's not private, really, when you think of it. So, it's a board member.

Donald Trump: What do they think when they hear that the head person is making $8 million a year? Which is, by the way, I said it before, the most highly paid person anywhere in any country if you call this government, which it sort of is. What do they think when they hear? Do they know he makes $8 million a year?

Gay Henson: Well, they do now after Kevin's commercial. [Laughter] But they're pretty shocked. I mean -- in fact, they -- I think the workers even -- I think some of the workers at TVA have been shocked about that. It is a lot of money.

Donald Trump: But people have known. I've known, actually, before the commercial because we were looking at it. We sent them notices a year ago and two years ago saying, "We want some information." And, you know, people have known this. I just can't even imagine that somebody gets paid $8 million a year.

Gay Henson: Well, the difference --

Donald Trump: It's the most sought-after job. It has to be the most sought-after job in any country in any government. Right, Tim? You'd take the job. Would you resign from Congress immediately?

Tim Burchett: Take it for one year. [Laughter]

Donald Trump: You only need it for one year. You --

Tim Burchett: I don't know. You don't know my wife and daughter, Mr. President. [Laughter]

Donald Trump: Tim would take it. That's -- he'll take it only --

Tim Burchett: No, they're actually pretty thrifty.

Donald Trump: Only for a year. You just need it for one year. That's right. Anyway.

Gay Henson: So the workers -- they are surprised at that. But, you know, back to the days of Kilgore and having worked there so long -- I tell people I started when I was eight, because I can't believe how long I've worked there now --

Donald Trump: Right.

Gay Henson: But the truth is, there are very capable people at TVA that love --

Donald Trump: I'll bet.

Gay Henson: -- the TVA and the mission that they're really -- were put together for and would love to take that job.

Donald Trump: I even think they like your President -- your current President, anyway. I'm not sure about the past President.

Gay Henson: Tennessee Valley is -- that's right. The boats on the lake all say, you know --

Donald Trump: "Trump." Yeah. No, they're great people. Say hello to them. Just say hello. They're great people.

Donald Trump: Sara, why don't you just discuss it real quick, and you can maybe work with us in getting it all done very quickly. Okay?

Sara Blackwell: Of course, President Trump.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Sara Blackwell: Thank you for having us and having everyone here and for all you're doing with regard to immigration. Immigration should be about America, Americans, and the immigrants. Right now -- the way it was, before you started working on it, it's always been the big business, big tech, and universities. And with you, we are working to make immigration in America for the right reasons.

Sara Blackwell: And Protect U.S. Workers -- I endorsed you in 2016, we endorse you in 2020, and we know for a fact that "Slow Biden" and the Democrats will never push towards immigration that benefits Americans, America, and the immigrants. And I think they hide behind: "Nationalists are bad, immigrants are kind and good." And if we are against the immigration the way it is now, then we are "racists."

Sara Blackwell: But the reality is, if you can keep immigration the way it's going now, the way Joe Biden will push it, the problem is you're actually benefiting the big tech billionaires and universities, and that is not what immigration is about in this country.

Sara Blackwell: Thank you.

Donald Trump: Where you come up with the name "Slow Biden"? You know, so many people want me to use that term, and I say, "It's too mean; it's too nasty." [Laughter]

Sara Blackwell: Oh, no! That means I'm mean.

Donald Trump: And you just come up with that term. And where did that come from? Is that the --

Sara Blackwell: My son, actually, who's 11.

Donald Trump: Your son? He's 11?

Sara Blackwell: Yes.

Donald Trump: If he's 11, and he said he's slow and that he shouldn't be President --

Tim Burchett: They need to pay your son $15 million in consulting. [Laughter]

Donald Trump: Great job.

Sara Blackwell: Actually, during the rallies in 2016, you met my son. He had a Thor, and he dressed him up like President Trump.

Donald Trump: Oh, that's great.

Sara Blackwell: Yes. Thank you.

Donald Trump: That's very nice. Thank you, Sara. Very -- great job you're doing.

Sara Blackwell: Thank you so much. Thank you.

Donald Trump: Good. Thank you.

Sara Blackwell: Thank you for all you do.

Donald Trump: Okay, Mike. Go ahead. We'll knock it out, Sara.

Mike Pence: Well, thank you, Mr. President. I'll be -- I'll just be very brief.

Mike Pence: Four years ago, when you ran for this office, you said the forgotten men and women in America would be forgotten no more. You said that we'd put America first and American workers first, you said that American workers would have a seat at the table in this administration, and we'd deliver real results.

Mike Pence: And today, we see all that happen right in front of us. Because of your leadership indicated during this meeting, that the TVA is going to reverse course on their plan to use H1-B visa workers to replace hardworking Americans. And I can see the gratitude and the emotion on faces around the room, Mr. President, and the gratitude that these people feel and all those that will be reading about this and hearing about this in the days ahead.

Mike Pence: But I also just want to say, finally, to all the -- all the great Americans who gathered here, who have been willing to speak up: Know that with the executive order the President is signing today, we're not just solving your problem. What the President is committing to today is to end the abuse of our worker visa program once and for all, and pulling together multiple agencies to do that. And I want to promise you that you've not only gone out and been a champion for fellow workers at TVA, but you've been champions for American workers all across this country.

Mike Pence: And I know I speak on behalf of the President and our whole administration when I thank you. Thank you for stepping up for American workers and making it possible for this President to keep one more promise to working Americans. God bless you. [Applause]

Donald Trump: Thank you. So we're going to sign a little document now. Is that okay?

Sara Blackwell: I would love that. Thank you, President Trump.

Donald Trump: And it's very important one, aligning federal contractors and contracting and hiring practices with the interests of the American workers, which is very simple -- which actually just boils down to pretty much what we're talking about today. Okay?

Sara Blackwell: Thank you so much, President Trump.

Sara Blackwell: [The executive order is signed]

Donald Trump: Here, give that to Sara because she was there very early. [Distributes signing pen]

Sara Blackwell: Thank you so much.

Donald Trump: I have to give -- I have to give one to you. You got us moving here. That's good. Will you pass these around the table, Mike? We'll just pass them on that side. You'll pass them on this side. Everybody that doesn't get it -- [distributes signing pens]

Donald Trump: So here we are.

Tim Burchett: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: Yeah, I'll get you one, Tim. Don't worry.

Donald Trump: So, thank you very much everybody. [Applause]

Donald Trump: We're going to be -- we're going to be discussing, very shortly, a immigration bill, which covers this and many other things. It'll be a very, very comprehensive bill. That's a word that some people love and some people hate, but it'll be very comprehensive only in the sense that it'll cover just about everything.

Donald Trump: It'll be based on merit. It will be -- it'll cover territory that nobody would have thought could have ever been agreed to. And I think it'll be bipartisan, in the sense that people are going to like a lot of the things that are in there. And probably some people won't; we're going to have that. And we'll probably do it maybe a little bit after our convention. We'll sign it after the convention.

Donald Trump: Likewise, we're going to be doing a healthcare bill -- act -- and it'll be extremely comprehensive. It will cover a lot of things that nobody thought you would be able to get, and -- I mean, in a positive way. And I think it'll be very popular. And it will be a great thing for our country.

Donald Trump: In addition, we have many other things. But immigration and healthcare -- it doesn't get much bigger than that. Immigration will be very merit-based, but it'll be -- it'll be great for the worker, and it'll be great for people coming into our country -- but coming into our country legally and loving our country and wanting to help our country, as opposed to people coming in and they don't like our country.

Donald Trump: You see that, and you see that with certain of our politicians that ran for office. I say, "I don't think they like our country too much. All they do is complain." And you would never tell them to go back to their own country because that would be inappropriate, wouldn't it? But all they do is complain about our country, and their country is going to hell. So, you know, it's sort of an interesting phenomenon.

Donald Trump: So the -- the merit-based immigration is going to be incredible, and the healthcare bill or act is going to be something that I don't think anybody in this country thought they'd ever see. And we've done much of that. If look at some of the legislation that we passed, Ken, I think you can say very strongly we've -- we've gotten things passed that nobody would be possible.

Ken Cuccinelli: That's right.

Donald Trump: Whether it's Right to Try -- that's where you're terminally ill and you don't have a right to use our great medicines because they haven't been approved -- they're in a line of approval and it takes some time. We've cut the time in half, by the way, for approval by the FDA. But people are sick.

Donald Trump: We have very promising drugs and they're not allowed to use them because -- I mean, they're terminally ill and they wouldn't let them use them because of liability and other things, but I got that taken care of. So, Right to Try was a very important one.

Donald Trump: Getting Veterans Choice was so important -- having Veterans Choice. Nobody thought we could get that. Hasn't been done in 50 years. They haven't been able to get it. We got Veterans Choice. We got Veterans Accountability. Because we have so many other things. So many things.

Donald Trump: And on the border, Ken, we've done things that nobody thought would have been possible. Right? Do you want to name a couple of them?

Ken Cuccinelli: We're making enormous progress in the -- especially in the regulatory arena: reestablishing the 140-year-old American tradition of inviting immigrants here who can stand on their own two feet, as -- much like Sara had said. And to add to this country and not -- while not becoming a burden on the country.

Ken Cuccinelli: We've also -- the security that you've advocated for and pushed us to achieve has been unprecedented on a border that we still have more work to do. But we --

Donald Trump: Great progress.

Ken Cuccinelli: -- the amount of improvement in three years is just extraordinary.

Ken Cuccinelli: And one more piece of legislation you know is near and dear to my heart that you led is criminal justice reform, which was -- you know, lots of people before you talked about it, and this is the first administration to do it.

Donald Trump: Nobody else could've gotten that done. Nobody. And we really thank Ken, but we thank a lot of people that came through.

Donald Trump: By the way, some conservative -- very conservative really wanted it and some liberal wanted it. But we got criminal justice reform done. Nobody thought that was possible. The biggest beneficiary is African Americans and Hispanic Americans, I would say -- and Asian Americans -- the three, the groups.

Donald Trump: But tremendous benefits and -- you know, it's really amazing. When we got that done, we had people supporting that that I would've never thought would've supported it. Not for bad reasons, but they would've never supported it, and they actually led the way. It's pretty incredible. Criminal justice reform was a big deal. You know that, Tim.

Tim Burchett: Yes, sir.

Donald Trump: So -- and you were helpful actually, and I appreciate it. And thank you very much. Anybody have a question?

Question: Yes, Mr. President --

Donald Trump: Go ahead.

Question: Mr. President, on TikTok: You said over the weekend --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Question: -- that you're planning to ban it. I know that you spoke with the CEO of Microsoft after that.

Donald Trump: I did.

Question: So can you give us an update on --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Question: -- where you're at?

Donald Trump: Yeah. We had a great conversation. He called me to see whether or not -- how I felt about it. And I said, "Look, it can't be controlled, for security reasons, by China. Too big, too invasive, and it can't be." And here is the deal: I don't mind if -- whether it's Microsoft or somebody else -- a big company, a secure company, very -- a very American company buy it. It's probably easier to buy the whole thing than to buy 30 percent of it. Because they say, "How do you do 30 percent? Who's going to get the name?" The name is hot; the brand is hot. And who's going to get the name? How do you do that if it's owned by two different companies?

Donald Trump: So my personal opinion was: You're probably better off buying the whole thing rather than buying 30 percent of it. I think buying 30 percent is complicated. And I suggested that he can go ahead. He can try. We set a date -- I set a date at around September 15th, at which point it's going to be out of business in the United States. But if somebody -- and whether it's Microsoft or somebody else -- buys it, that'll be interesting.

Donald Trump: I did say that if you buy it, whatever the price is, that goes to whoever owns it. Because I guess it's China, essentially, but more than anything else. I said a very substantial portion of that price is going to have to come into the Treasury of the United States because we're making it possible for this deal to happen. Right now, they don't have any rights, unless we give it to them. So if we're going to give them the rights, then it has to come into -- it has to come into this country.

Donald Trump: It's a little bit like the landlord/tenant: Without a lease, the tenant has nothing. So they pay what's called "key money," or they pay something. But the United States should be reimbursed or should be paid a substantial amount of money, because without the United States, they don't have anything -- at least having to do with the 30 percent.

Donald Trump: So I told him that. I think we're going to have -- maybe a deal is going to be made. It's a great asset. It's a great asset. But it's not a great asset in the United States unless they have the approval of the United States. So it'll close down on September 15th, unless Microsoft or somebody else is able to buy it and work out a deal -- an appropriate deal. So the Treasury of the -- really, the Treasury, I guess you would say, of the United States gets a lot of money. A lot of money. Okay?

Question: Mr. President, can you explain why so many of the public health experts on the coronavirus task force are contradicting you on things like why the virus is so widespread in this country, on the efficacy of hydroxychloroquine? Why are so many of these people on your task force contradicting you?

Donald Trump: Well, I think we're doing a great job. I think we're doing great on vaccines. We're doing great on therapeutics. You'll be seeing that very soon. I think we're -- when you look at a map, this is a map of the -- I've got -- I sort of shown that around a little bit, but that's -- the red is the area of most concern. [Displays a U.S. map] Pretty recent map of the -- of the country. And there's a lot of -- a lot of people that -- in a lot of areas that have gotten very -- you know, better very fast.

Donald Trump: Hydroxy has tremendous support, but politically, it's toxic because I supported it. If they would have said, "Do not use hydroxychloroquine under any circumstances," they would have come out and they would've said, "It's a great -- it's a great thing." Many doctors have come out strongly in favor of it. They want it very badly. It's a great malaria drug.

Donald Trump: So, for many years --

Question: But Admiral Giroir says it's not effective.

Donald Trump: Let me finish my -- let me finish my answer.

Donald Trump: So for many years -- it's, I guess, 60 years it's been a malaria drug; very successful, as you know. And it's been also a drug for lupus. And it caused no trouble -- virtually nothing, in terms of causing people to get sick or having problems with anything. You add the zinc and you add the azithromycin -- the Z-Pak, as they call it -- and it's been very -- I happened to take it myself, the threesome.

Donald Trump: I took it myself for a period of two weeks. I mean, I -- I had no problem. I had no problem whatsoever. And, importantly, I, you know, didn't test positive. That's very nice. Okay? I'm very happy about that negative.

Donald Trump: And so -- so that's the story. It's -- it's very highly thought of. Interestingly, a great doctor, from what I understand -- a great doctor from Yale feels very strongly about hydroxychloroquine. The Ford Clinic in Michigan came out with a very, very powerful paper saying it's very good. Many other -- in France, as you know, they came out with a very positive statement. Many individual doctors have come out with very positive statements.

Donald Trump: I will tell you that if I was surrounded by people, as I was at the time -- the reason I took it: You know, we had some people that were relatively near me that tested positive. And I took it for that reason, just because I've heard good things.

Question: But Fauci says it doesn't work. Admiral Giroir says it doesn't work.

Donald Trump: I don't agree with Fauci on everything.

Question: They're on your task force.

Donald Trump: I don't agree with Fauci. Look, Fauci didn't want -- and I -- I like him. I get along with him actually great. But he didn't want to ban people from China from coming into the country, and I overrode him and I did the right thing. He was saying face masks are no good a short while ago. So it doesn't mean he's a bad person, because he's not. He's a good person; I like him. But we -- we disagree on things. We disagree on things.

Donald Trump: Now, I will say this: We've done an amazing job with ventilators. We're supplying the world with ventilators. Ventilators are very hard, very expensive, very hard to make, very complex. Very complicated machines. Very -- very expensive.

Question: But why does the --

Donald Trump: Hold it. Hold it.

Question: But why does the U.S. have so many deaths?

Donald Trump: Hold it.

Question: The U.S. has so many deaths compared to --

Donald Trump: Hold it.

Question: -- so many countries around the world. I --

Donald Trump: Fake news CNN, hold it. We have done a great job in this country. We haven't been given -- and not me. I'm not talking about me. The Vice President, the task force have not been given the kind of credit.

Donald Trump: If you look, countries all over the world are exploding right now -- people that you said were doing a wonderful job, so wonderful. But right now, take a look at the countries that are exploding: You have Italy back. You have Spain back. You have France back. You have Germany back. You have a lot of countries, and that's not to knock them.

Donald Trump: It is a very delicate, very contagious disease. It was released by China. It should never have been allowed to release. There was the source where you could have stopped it. And they did stop it from going into China, although now they say that China is having a lot of problems. Moscow, in Russia, is having tremendous problems.

Donald Trump: What China unleashed was a very, very sad situation. With all of that being understood, the United States has done an amazing job, a great job, and you're going to see that because we have vaccines and we have therapeutics coming very soon.

Donald Trump: Yeah, go ahead.

Question: Mr. President, why are you not involved directly in negotiations with Capitol Hill?

Donald Trump: I am. Oh, why? The fact that I'm not over there with Crazy Nancy? No, I'm totally involved.

Question: Have you spoken with her?

Donald Trump: I'm totally involved. And we're going to be doing some things that are very good, because we don't think that she -- look, what Chuck Schumer wants more than anybody -- and I would say Nancy Pelosi would be second -- they want to bail out cities and states that have done a bad job over a long period of time. Nothing to do with coronavirus or China virus, or whatever you want to call it.

Donald Trump: They want to bail out cities and states. They want bailout money. They want to trillion dollars in bailout money, and a lot of people don't want to do that because we don't think it's right. The Democrats have run some very bad states and some very, very bad cities, and a lot of people don't want to give them a trillion dollars to reward them for doing a bad job.

Donald Trump: If you look at some of the states -- I won't insult anybody by naming those states, but you know what they are. They want bailout money. They're not interested in the people. They're not interested in unemployment. They're not interested in evictions, which is a big deal -- the evictions. They want to evict. A lot of people are going to be evicted, but I'm going to stop it because I'll do it myself if I have to. I have a lot of powers with respect to executive orders, and we're looking at that very seriously right now.

Donald Trump: But what the Democrats want, they want -- they're slow-rolling it, and all they're really interested in is bailout money to bail out radical-left governors and radical-left mayors, like in Portland and places that are so badly run. Chicago, New York City -- you see what's going on over there. Bailout cities and states who have been poorly run and spent a fortune doing it, they want a trillion dollars, and we're really not interested in that.

Donald Trump: Okay, thank you very much, everybody. Thank you. Thank you very much.

Question: What about the Postal Service, Mr. President? What about the Postal Service? Any message to your postmaster general?

Donald Trump: Thank you, Jim, very much. Thank you.