Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-orchard-levant-maine-october-25-2020

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. This is pretty nice. I want to thank everybody [Inaudible], great people, it's a terrific state. So we freed up 5,000 square miles in the ocean that they took away from you. They shouldn't have done that [Inaudible] Obama. You know that. They took 5,000 square miles and we freed it up, we loosened up and then we -- we got rid of it.

Donald Trump: You're open and free, and you have -- and that's what you oughta be in Maine, probably more than anybody else [Inaudible] Very importantly, as you know, for your lobsters and for your fish and your fisheries and all of the great fishermen and everybody that does that, I got rid of the tariffs that they were charging you with China and EU, and so now you're free to go out and make money.

Donald Trump: We took away that 5,000 square miles. So I don't know if you know, they took 5,000 square -- they called it a monument. You know it was a monument to? Your last President -- and I got rid of it. I did it through an executive order. I freed it up, so now you can have that -- all of that tremendous ocean back.

Donald Trump: It was 5,000 miles taken out of the ocean and I just want to say it's an honor to be here and these two people have been great fans of ours and I said, let's go up and say hello. We were right next door in New Hampshire, and the trip was not a very long one on Air Force One, I can tell you that. We got in, and it's an honor to see so many people here, and there, and all the way back there, and I'm very impressed and I'm very impressed with Maine and I hope we're going to well [Inaudible] We're going to do well.

Donald Trump: Last time we got one [Inaudible] You're incredible people, you built this country and we're very proud of you and I look forward to seeing you. November 3rd, I really believe, it's the biggest election our country has ever had. [Inaudible] We will never be a socialist nation without [Inaudible] So I just want to thank everybody for being here.

Donald Trump: We figured maybe 15 people would be here and we have thousands. Thank you all very much. It's an honor. Go out and vote.