Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-tele-rally-wisconsin-july-17-2020

Unidentified: The 45th President of the United States.

Donald Trump: Hello, Wisconsin, I'm really thrilled to be with you tonight. We have a COVID problem, COVID-19 problem. As you know, I call it the China virus. It shouldn't have happened but it did. They could have stopped it, but I wanted to be with you, and this is really replacing our rallies that we all love so much. We had great rallies in Wisconsin and all over the country, and unfortunately until this gets solved and we're doing really well with the therapeutics and vaccines. But until that gets solved, it's going to be tough to have those big massive rallies.

Donald Trump: So I'm doing a telephonic rallies and we'll call them the 12th, the -- the Trump rallies, but we'll do it by telephone and we have a lot of people on the line and I appreciate it. I love this state. It's been great to me and I think I've been really great to it. The election, as you know, is coming up very soon, big day November 3rd. And it's a choice between our real movement of what we've done with American patriots and what we're doing with our country.

Donald Trump: And you see what's going on on the other side, it's just not Acceptable, but this great movement and the radical left. I mean, if you think of it, it's a left-wing mob and they want to defund the police. They want to raise your taxes. They want to tear down our history. They want to absolutely get rid of our great history and they want to demolish, and that will happen, demolish our economy. Our economy is starting to do really well. We had the two biggest job numbers in history, the last two months. We've created more jobs. If you think what we're doing, we're heading up very very strongly.

Donald Trump: The stock market is at a new all-time high if you look at NASDAQ and the other markets are doing really well. It looks like they could be also at a new high very soon, which is pretty amazing, considering we just went through a pandemic. We built the greatest economy ever. Greatest economy we've ever had, highest stock market, best job numbers for African-American, Asian-American, Hispanic-American. No matter who you talk about it. It was the best job numbers we've ever had in the history of our country. Women, so well. Everybody was doing well. Some of the folks that people don't really think about too much and they should is like people that didn't graduate from high school.

Donald Trump: They don't have a diploma. Their numbers were the best. You have a diploma or if you have a diploma from college, the numbers were the best. We've built the greatest economy in the history of the world, not just within our borders. China, on the other hand, was had the worst year. They had in 67 years. We took in billions of dollars of tariffs from China, never happened to China before. We gave them -- some of them to our great farmers and ranchers.

Donald Trump: A lot of that money went right into Wisconsin, frankly, and we -- we did a real job and China devalued their currency in order to get that money out and that's what happened. And they had a rough year and we had a great year. But then, we had the virus come in and we really did the right thing. We saved probably millions of lives and I would say definitely millions of lives. We closed it up and now we're opening up again. And you know, it's one life is too many, but we saved millions of lives the way we're doing it, and we've had tremendous support from everybody. But I want to thank some of your great Wisconsin Republicans, who are fighting right by our side like Ron Johnson, Senator Ron Johnson, my friend and he's -- he's turned out to be a great Senator.

Donald Trump: Congressman Jim Sensenbrenner, terrific guy and Republican Party of Wisconsin, Chairman Andrew Hitt and they've just all been so great. We've had tremendous support from Wisconsin and just like -- tremendous things are happening. Since my inauguration, I've been fighting for the hardworking patriots of Wisconsin like never before. Nobody's ever devoted that time to your state like I have as President to defend Wisconsin dairy farmers and agricultural producers.

Donald Trump: We officially replaced the total disaster known as NAFTA with the brand new USMCA, that's Mexico and Canada, United States, MCA, and it's really been incredible. U.S dairy exports are expected to surge by at least 50%. The tariffs, as you know, are way, way down. They were 287% at the Canadian border they were charging and taking advantage of our farmers, but every country took advantage of our country. I mean, whether it's, frankly, Canada or Mexico, or China or South Korea, where we made a brand new great trade deal which has been very helpful to Wisconsin and everybody else, and we're all set. We were all set to go after the European Union. Frankly, they've treated us very badly.

Donald Trump: It's a one-way street but because of the because of the virus -- we were all set to go. It was all laid out and beautiful, all ready to go and the virus made us delay that for a little bit. But they have not treated our farmers properly for many, many years. Sounds nice, European Union but they haven't. But we have actually -- and you see the numbers, the numbers are very big coming out of China. I made a great deal with China. They're buying 40 billion to 50 billion worth of our farm product, $250 billion overall including manufacturing. The problem is that the ink had not dried. It wasn't even dry when all of a sudden we had to go out and the virus started coming in. The plague I call it started coming in from China. So, I feel a lot differently about the whole situation. We made a great trade deal.

Donald Trump: And I have to tell you, they bought the largest amount of corn and soybeans that they've ever bought -- that anybody's -- I think they said it was a record of soybean and record of corn and that's a tremendous thing. But despite that, I don't know and I feel a little bit differently about it -- maybe a lot differently about it. When we lose lives and we go through what we could have done. Because it could -- because it really could have been stopped. And I stood up to China with these historic tariffs and we were defending Wisconsin workers and jobs and factories against the plunder and theft.

Donald Trump: Because we were really being ripped by China, we're losing 400 billion and 500 billion a year and for many years, long before I came. Somebody should have done this. Other Presidents should have done it. The previous administration should have done it. They let virtually, and we talk China, but virtually every country took advantage of our country and no longer. Under my administration, China will also be held fully accountable for its lies and deceit having to do with the -- with the virus that they allowed to come in. They could have stopped it. We've marshaled every power at America's disposal to treat the virus. By the way, we've done a great job, gotten very little credit for it.

Donald Trump: They've given credit to other people. We've -- we've, who frankly had much less to do with it than we did. They've given credit to Governors, and in some cases, they've done a great job, and in other cases, they didn't. I can tell you every one of them, who did good, who did bad, but we created a great program of ventilators. We were not -- we, the cupboard was empty. I always say those shelves were just empty, they were dry. We had very little left, very little on those shelves to take care of our country should something like this happen. And hopefully, that won't happen for a long time, But should something like this happen, and what we did is ventilators. We are now making thousands of ventilators a month, not one person who needed a ventilator in our country didn't get it.

Donald Trump: Every person that needed it got a ventilator and we now make thousands and thousands and they go to other countries. We don't need them in our country. Every hospital, everybody has them. Wisconsin has a lot. We shipped a lot to Wisconsin, but we've -- we've done a real job with medical supplies with so many other things and we're starting factories. You saw that with the swabs and many other things. Our testing program is the best in the world. We've tested almost 50 million people and when you do that, it's going to show more cases. And so, we show more cases but it's still the right thing to do. And a lot of very good things are happening therapeutically.

Donald Trump: We have therapeutics that are incredible and we think that's going to be starting to come out very, very soon, but we're very close to really hitting the jackpot on therapeutics and also with vaccines. So the vaccines we think are going to come out and we're all set logistically with our military, where our military is literally waiting so that we won't have to take a year to deliver this stuff. Well, we'll have it out there almost immediately. I've also appointed. So importantly, by the time this term ends, we'll have close to 300 federal judges and appellate judges, all -- almost 300, which is a record.

Donald Trump: That's not happened before and two Supreme Court judges and you know about that. So -- and you see even from the recent decisions, it's very important because they'll probably be at least two, maybe three, maybe four Supreme Court judges up during this next term. And everything that we've done, everything that we've created could be absolutely destroyed with the appointment of a radical left, Pelosi-type or a Schumer-type judge, and we don't want to let that happen. The judges are one of our great successes and we just don't -- we can't let that happen. Nancy Pelosi, what they want for this country is not what you want for this country.

Donald Trump: So I think it's very important to remember that this election is going to be about also, as it was in the last, I had no idea I was going to get up to close to 300, but as it was in the last, the judges -- and I have a list of 25 very, very powerful, strong conservative judges that really think like people from Wisconsin think and those are the people that will pick, only from that list. Biden doesn't want to put out a list because he's got to put up a radical-left judge and or justice and it'll be a terrible thing for our country. We passed the largest package of tax cuts in the history of the United States, larger than Ronald Reagan's cuts many years ago.

Donald Trump: We also gave the largest regulation cuts ever in the history of our country. So regulation, whether you go into a President who is there for eight years, four years, or in one case more, we've already had three and a half years. We've passed more than anybody else and it's a -- it's a great honor. It's one of the reasons that we built the greatest economy that the world has ever seen. Again, we're going to have it very quickly. I think next year is going to be, perhaps, as good or better than we've ever done. So that's really good. Military, we've spent $2.5 trillion all made in the USA. In fact, I just gave Wisconsin a tremendous contract, Marinette $6 billion contract for Navy ships or vessels, and they're a fantastic company. It's a fantastic section.

Donald Trump: I went up there, as you know, about a month ago, and I cut the ribbon. I -- we opened up the line and we'll be building some cutters. It's magnificent, magnificent people, great craftsmen, but a $6 billion contract that went into Marinette and that's going to be something very exciting. The boats are going to start rolling off the line very soon. But with the military, we've rebuilt our military. When I took over it was absolutely -- depleted is the only word you can think of, old planes, old everything. It was just a depleted, tired, exhausted military, where we were fighting in these endless wars which were bringing way down and we'll be out pretty soon. But we were in the endless wars, our military was depleted, and with the VA, as you know, something you've wanted for years.

Donald Trump: The vets, our great vets. We love our vets. You've wanted it for years and that's Choice and we've got Choice approved. So now, instead of waiting for two, three, four, five weeks to get to see a doctor, if you have to wait for any little period of time, you go out and you get a doctor, you have yourself fixed up and we pay the bill of the doctor. That's all worked out and it's a great thing. And it's great for our vets, which we have to treat very specially. And it also works out to be less money if you can believe it. So we've got Choice approved.

Donald Trump: Nobody thought that -- I think they've been trying to get it for 50 years and another 50-year disaster that they couldn't get approved was Accountability. If people worked in the vet who were terrible people, who were sadists, who were whatever they may have been, you couldn't do anything. I got Accountability where it's Veterans Accountability. If somebody does a bad thing, you look at them and if you say, you don't take care of our vets properly, you steal, any of that. You look at them and you say, you're fired. So that really worked out and we got those things approved. I'd just want to quickly go before we end. Joe Biden's record can be summed up very quickly and very easily.

Donald Trump: For 47 years he spent in the halls of Congress and eight years as a Vice President, and now he says, he's going to fix things. He can't fix things. He never fixed them before. He never did any of the things, and now, he's gone radical left. If you look at the agreement he made with Bernie Sanders and AOC, and all of them. He's gone radical left. He's supporting global attack on the American worker, NAFTA was something he voted for, TPP was something he voted for, the KORUS deal in Korea, which was a disaster which I've renegotiated and now is great for us was something he voted for.

Donald Trump: We lost 200,000 jobs on that one with Biden. So many of these different things but he also wanted the WTO, which has turned out to be great for China but not good for us, and we're changing all. He voted also, by the way, for the war in Iraq, which has been a terrible, terrible -- the whole Middle East disaster and we'll soon be out. We're down to only 2,000 soldiers. We've had many, many thousands and we're down to 2,000 soldiers, and Joe Biden voted for mass amnesty for people coming in, mass amnesty. So, if you look at it, Biden wants to raise your taxes, defund your police, abolish probably your police, which I hate even to say because if you think about it, how ridiculous.

Donald Trump: But that's where they're all heading, abolish the police. That's not going to happen. I just got the endorsement yesterday of the biggest police organization and he is packing the courts. He wants to pack the court with the radical far-left judges that we talked about and they're indoctrinating our children with hate. It's a whole different thing with hate. So we can't do that. We want to indoctrinate them with a great history of our country and the heroes of our country. So, key elements of just a few of them, of the Biden-Sanders Unity platform is abolish immigration detention so people can just walk into our country. And by the way, we've already built more than half of the wall. It'll be finished very soon, around the end of the year, a little bit later.

Donald Trump: A wall that has had a huge impact already. Our numbers are fantastic on the border, except for the farmers, where we want people to come in and those people are coming in actually easier to help our farmers. Biden wants to stop all deportations. So if we have criminals coming in from other countries, he doesn't want to send them out. He wants to end the prosecution of illegal border crossers. So that if somebody comes in illegally, he doesn't want to do anything about it. Support the horrible, vile sanctuary cities. He wants to incentivize illegal alien child smuggling because that's what the policy leads to. Child and women are smuggled at a level that nobody's ever seen before all over the world and that's, unfortunately, because of the internet.

Donald Trump: He wants to expand asylum for all illegal aliens. So he wants to give illegal aliens asylum, which is just something our country can't do and can't afford. Provide taxpayer-funded lawyers to anybody that comes in our country illegally. He wants to get them lawyers, provide government healthcare for all illegal aliens. What that's going to do is everybody from every country all over the world is going to come here because they're going to get free government healthcare, federal student aid or free commute -- and free community college for all illegals. So if you come into the country illegally, no matter where you come from, you come in and you get free community college. I don't know. It's -- our own people don't get this. End all travel bans. I won the travel ban.

Donald Trump: We have -- we're very strong on travel bans, especially from jihadist regions. I won that. They said I didn't win it and they were right from the standpoint that at the lower court and at the appellate division I lost. And then, I had the -- whatever it takes to carry forward and that's what I do, and we won at The Supreme Court. And so, we have travel bans on some countries where we just can have the people coming in certain areas. And not only jihadists, just countries that have high crime, etc., etc.

Donald Trump: Increased refugee admissions by 700%, grant mass amnesty, these are all things -- end bail and end cash bail, releasing dangerous criminals onto our streets. He wants to appoint Social Justice prosecutors to free violent criminals, incentivized prison closures so that we close our prisons and just let everybody free in your community, he wants to free federal housing. He wants free federal housing for former inmates. It's just incredible.

Donald Trump: I saw this two days ago for the first time. He wants to end school choice, no school choice, and abolish charter schools, and he wants to do something that affects Wisconsin. He wants to abolish the suburbs if you think. He wants to hurt the suburbs by putting low-income far-left bureaucrats and the bureaucrats are going to put people into the suburbs. They're going to bring people, eliminate single-family zoning. They want to eliminate single-family zoning bringing who knows into the suburbs.

Donald Trump: So your communities will be unsafe and your housing values will be go -- go down and if you watch within the next two weeks, you're going to be seeing that I'm going to be eliminating that program. That program has been a total disaster for different kind -- of different -- if you look different cities and areas around our country and it affects very much Wisconsin also. It's actually a very big thing. It's been going on for years where we're destroying the suburbs, we're destroying housing values, and we're creating crime. It's very unfair to the people that have fought so hard to attain the American dreams. So I just want to say, we have to defeat Joe Biden, sleepy Joe, and it's not so much.

Donald Trump: I mean, he doesn't know what's going on. Let's face it. It's the radical-left people that surround him, AOC, the gang of three. If you look at AOC, I call it AOC plus three. If you look at Nancy Pelosi and Schumer, and they've lost control, too, because the radical-left has taken them over, too. But we have to do something. We just can't let this happen to our country. You look at the riots. We have people out right now in Portland stopping the anarchists and the agitators from what they are doing. If I didn't do that they would destroy Portland just like they almost did Seattle.

Donald Trump: We were sending in our people. They were getting ready to go in, and then, just before that, the other side, the police from Seattle they walked in and did it because they didn't want us going in. In Minneapolis, you saw what a mess that was. We're going to send in the National Guard. The National Guard went in, they did a phenomenal job. They stopped it. It was like a knife going through butter. There was no problem. We stopped it and it can be done. It can be done easily, but they don't want it. They don't want help in Chicago. We're going to have to do something there. We have no choice, but they don't want help in Chicago.

Donald Trump: They don't want to help now in New York. Crime, run by all Democrats, radical-left Democrats. Every city that's run by these people is being destroyed and we can't let that happen with our country. We can be Venezuela, just like Venezuela. It's the richest country per capita, just about in the whole oil -- they have everything. Now, they don't have medicine, food, water, nothing.

Donald Trump: So if I might ask, I'd like to just ask those of you that support myself, our agenda, we're all in this together, we want to save our country. If you can press hashtag one right now and we'll be able to get back to you, and we want to make this an incredible success. We have to win the State of Wisconsin, has to be done, and we don't win Wisconsin we could have problems. Won it last time and Wisconsin was the biggest winner because I've done more for Wisconsin, probably, than any other President.

Donald Trump: We've had tremendous -- you had the best year you've ever had for the last two years on record. Two years and I think even the third year, the best you've ever had. And now, we're getting it back again. It'll even be better with all of the contracts that are going out to Wisconsin. So I wanted to just say, God bless everybody. God bless America and do whatever you can to make sure that we win this election. This is a very vital election. If we don't win it, our country will never be able to recover. It will be a disaster. Thank you very much to the great people of Wisconsin. Thank you. Bye.