Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-bilat-simonetta-sommaruga-switzerland-davos-january-21-2020

Donald Trump: Okay, thank you very much, everybody. And we'll be having a meeting largely based on trade -- President of Switzerland and representatives from Switzerland. And we have a tremendous relationship. We're working on other matters also that are very interesting. But today we're going to be discussing largely trade with Switzerland.

Donald Trump: They'd like to do an agreement, and we'll see what we can do. And thank you all for being with us. Thank you very much.

Simonetta Sommaruga: Thank you, Mr. President. So, welcome. A warm welcome to you, to your delegation. We're very glad to have you here. We are glad to continue our contact.

Donald Trump: Yes.

Simonetta Sommaruga: You had a contact with my predecessor last year at the --

Donald Trump: That's right. That's right.

Simonetta Sommaruga: -- [Inaudible]. And you know that Switzerland President has only for one year.

Donald Trump: Right.

Simonetta Sommaruga: So you can see the diversity of Swiss Presidents. [Laughter] We have different languages. Mr. Parmelin, he will be the President next year.

Donald Trump: Right. Wow. Good.

Simonetta Sommaruga: And you can talk French to him.

Donald Trump: Good.

Simonetta Sommaruga: And Mr. Maurer is speaking German. Afterwards, it will be Mr. Cassis; he's Italian speaking. We have female, we have male Presidents --

Donald Trump: That's very good.

Simonetta Sommaruga: -- different cultures that makes part of Switzerland. So, very glad to have had this talk. On our diplomatic channels, we agreed on three main issues to talk about: our bilateral relations, including good offices in Switzerland, of course. Then, as well, on our economic ties we have -- and also something which is concerning everybody: global warming.

Simonetta Sommaruga: I think it's worth also to talk about that --

Donald Trump: Sure.

Simonetta Sommaruga: -- because as the Minister of Environment as well, it's for me also something that is every day on my agenda.

Donald Trump: Good.

Simonetta Sommaruga: So we have a lot to talk about. I'm very glad --

Donald Trump: We look forward to it.

Simonetta Sommaruga: Okay. Thank you.

Donald Trump: Thank you. Thank you very much, everybody. Thank you.

Question: Mr. President, can you say what you and President Macron agreed to? Can you say what you and President Macron agreed to?

Donald Trump: We had a very good conversation. It worked out very well. The U.S. is very happy with the result, and we appreciate very much what President Macron did. Thank you.