Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-space-force-flag-may-15-2020

Donald Trump: Well, thank you very much. This is a very special moment because this is the presentation of the Space Force flag. So we've worked very hard on this. And it's so important from a defensive standpoint, from an offensive standpoint, from every standpoint there is.

Donald Trump: As you know, China and Russia, perhaps others, started off a lot sooner than us. We should have started this a long time ago, but we've made up for it in spades. We have developed some of the most incredible weapons anyone has ever seen, and it's moving along very rapidly. And we have tremendous people in charge.

Donald Trump: And I -- what I'd like to do is I'd like to just start by asking some of those folks to say a few words. And the importance strategically, militarily, and even from a pure civilian standpoint, and from bringing our economy back -- everything -- it's going to help so much. All made right here in the USA. And it's going to be very special, very important. Space Force.

Donald Trump: First time in 72 years-plus that we've opened up a new branch of the United States military.

Donald Trump: And, Mark, maybe I'll start with you. You'll saw a few words. Please.

Mark T. Esper: Yes, sir. Let me just say it's a very historic moment. The United States has been a spacefaring nation for decades, but we know that our adversaries in the last several years have weaponized space. They've made it a warfighting domain. And so with the establishment of Space Force and the establishment of Space Command, the United States is now doing what it needs to do to protect our assets in space and ensure that space remains the heavens by which we not only protect America, but we sustain our economy, we sustain our commercial capabilities, we sustain Americans' way of life.

Mark T. Esper: So again, another very historic moment. I'm confident that both the Space Force and the Space Command will do what is necessary to defend us in space and to keep America great.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. Great job you're doing, too.

Donald Trump: General Milley? Please.

Mark A. Milley: Sir. Thank you, Mr. President. And as the Secretary said, this is a historic day. Some time ago, we made a decision to establish the Space Force, and that's because we're undergoing a changing character of war, which is of historic importance for all nations.

Mark A. Milley: And as part of that, the space part of our universe opened up as a domain of warfare. And it's critical that if we are going to sustain our way of life, if we're going to defend our nation, that we're going to have to defend ourselves in space and therefore the need for Space Force.

Mark A. Milley: And it's a great day for the nation, it's a great day, really, for the world that the United States of America establishes its first Space Force.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.

Donald Trump: Please.

John W. Raymond: Mr. President, thank you for your leadership.

Donald Trump: Congratulations, by the way.

John W. Raymond: Thank you.

Donald Trump: Number one.

John W. Raymond: Yes, sir.

Donald Trump: That's great.

John W. Raymond: I appreciate the honor.

John W. Raymond: Sixteen thousand space professionals assigned to the Space Force. We're proud of this flag. They come to work every day focusing on providing space capabilities for our nation, for our joint coalition forces, and for the world. We're proud of this flag. We're proud to have an opportunity to present it to you here for display in the White House.

Donald Trump: Well, thank you.

John W. Raymond: Thank you for your leadership --

Donald Trump: Appreciate it.

John W. Raymond: -- very much.

John W. Raymond: Secretary, please.

Barbara M. Barrett: Thank you, Mr. President. You've really demonstrated leadership in establishing the Space Force. This is an important moment and an important month, actually.

Barbara M. Barrett: Most of the Americans, before their first cup of coffee in the morning, have used space, but very few people realize how important space is --

Donald Trump: That's right.

Barbara M. Barrett: -- to everything that we do, and that it's vulnerable, because we need to up our game in space. And you've recognized that and built a force that will help to protect our assets in space and deter aggressive action in space and, if deterrence doesn't work, to be able to defend our assets in space and those of our allies.

Barbara M. Barrett: So we thank you very much for the leadership you've demonstrated and we're excited for this breakthrough moment.

Donald Trump: Well, thank you very much. I appreciate it. We're building, right now, incredible military equipment at a level that nobody has ever seen before. We have no choice. We have to do it -- with the adversaries we have out there.

Donald Trump: We have a -- I call it the "super-duper missile." And I heard the other night, 17 times faster than what they have right now.

Mark T. Esper: Yes, sir.

Donald Trump: And you take the fastest missile we have right now -- you've heard Russia has five times, and China is working on five or six times. We have one 17 times. And it's just gotten the go-ahead. Seventeen times faster, if you can believe that, General. That's something, right? Seventeen times faster than what we have right now. Fastest in the world by a factor of almost three.

Donald Trump: So I just want to congratulate everybody and thank everybody. Space is going to be -- it's going to be the future, both in terms of defense and offense and so many other things.

Donald Trump: And already, from what I'm hearing and based on reports, we're now the leader in space, and that took place. Don't forget, we're having a meeting today. This is really to unfurl the flag. But we've been doing this now for quite a while. I have to say that from my standpoint, having a force -- a space force, in this case, but to be adding to the Joint Chiefs of Staff, which I've known about and read about and heard about all my life -- just like General Milley to be the head of the Joint Chiefs of Staff is something that's a very special thing.

Donald Trump: Well, to add another force into the Joint Chiefs and -- and we're getting a four star. In this case, we're getting a four-star general on your board. So we're doing something -- right here. So we're doing something that is such a monumental task.

Donald Trump: So it's been more than 72 years. The Air Force, I believe, was the last one. And so we have Air Force. And not since the Air Force has anything like this happened, and now we have Space Force added on with -- with full honors, I must add. With full honors.

Donald Trump: So today, we're here for a very important -- it's really an important occasion because we're unfurling the flag. And with us is Chief Master Sergeant Roger Towberman. And he is -- I'd like you to say exactly, because his rank is a very special rank. Tell us about that rank.

Roger A. Towberman: Yes, sir. I'm the senior enlisted advisor for the United States Space Force.

Donald Trump: And the highest -- highest sergeant by far, right?

Roger A. Towberman: Yes, sir.

Donald Trump: There's no --

Roger A. Towberman: And at the moment, the only one. So I give counsel to the Secretary and to the Chief --

Donald Trump: That's -- that's pretty good.

John W. Raymond: Mr. President, this rank is custom designed.

Donald Trump: Wow. That's beautiful. Wow. That's it.

John W. Raymond: And he's the only -- the only Airman --

Donald Trump: That's beautiful.

John W. Raymond: -- the only Airman that wears that rank and will be the only Airman that wears that rank. He's the senior enlisted leader.

Donald Trump: That's fantastic. And I heard tremendous things about you, Roger.

Roger A. Towberman: Thanks.

Donald Trump: It's a very important position. And you're with all these generals. But you know what? He's an important guy, right?

Donald Trump: So why don't we go ahead and do it? Let's do it. Yes, please.

Roger A. Towberman: Thank you.

Roger A. Towberman: Thank you.

Roger A. Towberman: [The flag is unfurled] [Applause]

Donald Trump: That's fantastic, Roger. I'll walk over there. That is great. You stay right there.

Donald Trump: That's fantastic. Isn't that great? Please, get in the picture. That's beautiful.

Mark T. Esper: And, Mr. President, it will stand in your office alongside the other service flags.

Donald Trump: Very, very great honor. It's a great honor. That's a beautiful flag, too. Roger, hold that up so they can see. That's really beautiful. Wow.

Donald Trump: It's a big -- that's a big day.

Question: Can somebody explain the logo?

Mark T. Esper: General Raymond?

Donald Trump: Please. Go ahead.

John W. Raymond: So the delta in the middle is a symbol that the space community has used for years and years and years. The North Star signifies our core value -- our guiding light, if you will. And the orbit around the globe signifies the space capabilities that fuel our American way of life and our American way of war.

Donald Trump: That's great. I'm going to do this for Roger. Here, Roger. Please don't put this on eBay tonight. [Laughter] Here, Roger. Come here a minute.

Donald Trump: And we're going to sign. Okay, Roger, that's for you.

Roger A. Towberman: Thank you so much.

Donald Trump: That's for you.

Barbara M. Barrett: Thank you.

Donald Trump: Okay. So let's do it. This is great stuff.

Donald Trump: [The proclamation is signed]

Donald Trump: Okay. Let's see, I have -- I think we have no choice, right? General, come on over here.

John W. Raymond: Absolutely.

Donald Trump: Good luck.

John W. Raymond: Mr. President, thanks you, sir.

Donald Trump: Good luck. Okay?

John W. Raymond: Thanks for your -- thanks for the honor.

Donald Trump: Fantastic. And these are going for everybody, please. Okay?

Donald Trump: [Pens are distributed]

Barbara M. Barrett: Thank you very much.

Donald Trump: Roger. Thank you very much. Mark, you're all set? General, come on over here. General Kellogg has been fantastic. Done a great job. He's working on a special project now, aren't you?

Keith Kellogg: I am, sir. And we're going to get it done.

Donald Trump: It's a very special project. [Applause]

Donald Trump: Okay? Got it? Thank you all very much. Thank you.

Donald Trump: I'll be going to Camp David tonight with a lot of different people. We have some big things happening. So I'll be at Camp David tonight with various people.

Question: Who's going?

Donald Trump: Various people, including some of the folks on the Hill and some of our great leaders.

Question: To talk about what exactly?

Donald Trump: Different things. Different things.

Question: Phase four?

Donald Trump: Uh, no, not so much phase four. Phase four could happen, but it will happen the right way. We have all the cards because we have the cards for the American people. I know what they want. And I've always known what they want. That's why I'm sitting here.

Donald Trump: No, phase four is going to happen, but it's going to happen in a much better way for the American people.

Donald Trump: Okay. Thank you all very much.