Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-tele-rally-bill-hagerty-senate-tennessee-august-5-2020

Bill Hagerty: Good evening. It's Bill Hagerty here. I want to thank everybody for joining us tonight. We're looking forward to a great day tomorrow. I want to make sure we get out to vote in a big, big way. Tennessee is going to send a strong message of conservatives and tomorrow we're going to send a very strong message that we clearly support our President.

Bill Hagerty: I want to thank President Trump for everything he's done for Tennessee, that he's done for me, my family, and all of us. And right now it's my great honor to turn it over to our President, Donald J. Trump. Thank you Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Well, thank you very much, Bill and good luck tomorrow. It's going to be a great day for this country. You're going to win and it's going to be great. I just want to thank and say hello to the people of Tennessee. You've been tremendous supporters and I'm a tremendous supporter of you. We had the best year that Tennessee's ever had last year in so many ways, but in every economic way and just about every other way.

Donald Trump: So it's good to be on the call with you. You know, it's interesting that yesterday the TVA, Tennessee Valley Authority, I did a big thing about jobs. I didn't know I was even making this call and I didn't do it for this call, but TVA, you have a man being paid $8 million a year, put there, not by me but by boards, it's sort of a semi-public deal.

Donald Trump: And we're looking at making sure that the people in the TVA are treated properly. So this turned out to be a big thing and it's really working out very well. But I want to thank all of the people of Tennessee. I'm thrilled to be talking to you on the eve of this critical election. Tomorrow I need you to vote for my friend, Bill Hagerty for U.S. Senator.

Donald Trump: Bill was one of my strongest supporters in 2016. He was right in there and he was the head of the whole group in Tennessee. And I couldn't have asked for better. Really, I went to Bill, I said, "Bill, we need your help. I want you to be on our transition team." I appointed him as ambassador to Japan and he was truly one of our best.

Donald Trump: He was an incredible ambassador to Japan. They still talk about Bill. He became legendary over there. And that's why we're doing this next step. As your next Senator, Bill will be a stalwart defender of our conservative values. He's proudly pro-life and pro-family and pro gun. He's going to be defending that second amendment all the way and I have better than anybody has ever.

Donald Trump: We haven't done anything with it despite tremendous pressure to do something. It's tremendous pressure to take away your guns by the radical left. And nothing happened. We have it totally defended. But I need Bill. Bill would be a great help. While the radical left tries to defund our police, Bill will strongly defend our police.

Donald Trump: He is very much against Antifa and everything Antifa stands for. They're a nightmare. They're a disaster. Just look at what they're doing in Portland and look what they did in Seattle. We got them out and we got them out too off Portland. We've sent a small group in there. We'll shut it down completely if we have to. And we did a great job also in Minneapolis, where it was being taken over and we sent in the national guard and straightened that out fast.

Donald Trump: In one hour it was all over. But Bill will help us shut down the illegal immigration, ban sanctuary cities and finish the wall. The wall is at 277 miles. We have a tremendous wall, it's stopping everything. It's going to be just about completed by the end of the year. We'll be over 500 miles of wall in the most important areas.

Donald Trump: And it's had a tremendous impact, even the 277 or so miles that have been built. Bill was a very successful businessman. He knows what it takes to get an economy running. And if you've seen the kind of numbers that are coming out recently, you know it's really running again. We're going to have a really good third quarter.

Donald Trump: We're going to have a phenomenal next year, comparable to the best year you've ever had, which was last year. And Bill's going to make sure that China is held accountable with me, held accountable for the lies and the deceit that unleashed the China virus upon the world. So unfair what happened to not only our country, but every country, but we now have it in very good shape.

Donald Trump: We've learned a lot about it. We want to open up our schools. A lot of your Democrat governors and mayors don't want to have the schools open but on November 4th... November 3rd is the big day. That's the day of the election. On November 4th, you watch what happens. They'll come out and they'll say, "Oh, let's open up." They're doing it for elections and not doing it for what's right.

Donald Trump: But we want to open up our schools and our businesses. And that's basically what's going to be happening. But as ambassador, Bill worked to strengthen our defensive partnership with Japan. He helped to reach new trade deals that are fantastic deals. And we've really done a job together. He's really been a tremendous help.

Donald Trump: Bill will be in the Senate. He'll help us confirm judges. You know, at the end of the term, my first term, we'll be up to over, I think, it'll be over 300 new judges and two great Supreme Court justices. And that's a record. That's a record that's going to be very tough to beat. But Bill will help me with that because that's so important for the Senate.

Donald Trump: And Bill will be leading the fight. I know him very well. He's a Trump conservative. He's a friend of mine. He's a great guy. Tennessee is one of my favorite places. I really appreciate all of your support. Your support has been absolutely fantastic. And you've always been there for me and I'm always going to be for Tennessee.

Donald Trump: It's a special place, there is a real love affair going on there. And I'm at the head of it. I think it's just a great, great state. I want to thank everybody for being on. We have a lot of people on this call. Go out and vote for Bill Hagerty. He's going to do an exceptional job. Go tomorrow, go early if you can and put it away. He will do a great, great job. Thank you everybody. And thank you to Tennessee.