Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-tele-rally-north-carolina-august-11-2020

Unidentified: Ladies and gentlemen, the President of the United States.

Donald Trump: Hello, North Carolina, one of my favorite places. I'm thrilled to be talking to you today. We have a lot of people on the phone. A lot of people they tell me. You're going to make a very important decision on November 3rd and it's a path toward a successful country or a not successful country. It's pretty simple when you get right down to it.

Donald Trump: There's never been a greater difference between two candidates, and this election is a choice between patriots who want to build our country up or radical extremist Democrats who want to tear it down. And that's exactly what they're doing. And now sleepy Joe Biden goes out and picks Kamala Harris who is considered the most liberal senator in the United States Senate maybe by far.

Donald Trump: She's against your Second Amendment, she's against no fracking [inaudible 00:01:02] energy. She wants to cut spending on the military and cut spending very drastically on the great job we've done for our vets with Veterans Choice and Accountability which everyone thought wouldn't happen. And just a terrible choice in terms of... I can tell you, I know North Carolina very well and a terrible choice.

Donald Trump: I have a granddaughter who was just named Carolina, as you know, and I know it very well and that's not what they're looking for with the Second Amendment and energy and all of the other things. Negative to farming also, and negative to a lot of different things that you represent. The far-left Democrats really almost show a scorn for our country.

Donald Trump: They hate the truth and they hate the tremendous success that we've been having. Hard work. They want our flag put in a position that it should never be in. We have to stand proudly for our flag and our national anthem. If Joe Biden and the radical Democrats get into power, they will destroy our country, our stock market will crash.

Donald Trump: Sure as you're sitting, standing, or at least listening, our stock market will crash. Your 401ks will go way down to very little. They're going to raise your taxes. They're going to take your taxes and raise them up to the sky and they're going to raise regulations. And it's something that North Carolina doesn't want and our nation can't stand.

Donald Trump: We're fighting to save our nation. We'll never surrender or retreat to the radical left socialists or wherever they may take it. And with your help, we're going to win a tremendous election in November, to be exact November 3rd. In North Carolina, you can request absentee ballots right now. Absentee ballots are great because you have to go and request them.

Donald Trump: They want to flood the market with ballots and that's a disgrace, but absentee ballots are great. So make sure and watch that other people aren't cheating because that's what they're looking to do. Absentee voting is a secure process. It's initiated by the voter. You request it. And every voter is verified.,Every vote is verified.

Donald Trump: It's the exact opposite of Democrats voter fraud scheme. They want to mail ballots to every eligible voter all over the state. They have no idea where they're going, although they probably do have a pretty good idea when you get right down to it. And they want zero verification, not even a signature. You know what that spells, it spells trouble.

Donald Trump: I want to thank some of your great Republicans who are fighting right by my side. They're on the phone tonight. Senator Thom Tillis who's a great guy who's in there really with us, very strong, very hard, and he's not let me down. He's a great gentleman and he loves your state. Lieutenant Governor Dan Forest who fought for the convention.

Donald Trump: The governor, your governor was so horribly strict that we just had to do it out of respect for your state, but he really didn't want to have our convention in North Carolina and made it very, very difficult all the way, which is a shame because tremendous economic development money and tremendous other things, but the best way you can solve that problem is vote for Lieutenant Governor Dan Forest.

Donald Trump: He's fantastic. And I mean, you're in a complete lockdown. If they look at what they're doing with North Carolina, it's locked down. You got to get your schools open, you got to get your state open. You got to get your businesses going. This governor has gone way, way too far, and it's not going to help.

Donald Trump: And your fantastic members of Congress. You have Patrick McHenry, a friend of mine, one of the great names in politics, McHenry. Can't do better. Patrick McHenry. Virginia Foxx, who never stops and she never gives up. Richard Hudson, great guy. David Rouzer, great guy. Ted Budd, Dan Bishop. Dan Bishop is so terrific, and Greg Murphy, they came in together.

Donald Trump: We gave a tremendous rally. We had a big, beautiful rally. And Ted Budd has been there with us right from the beginning. So we just have great people and you're going to have somebody that's going to be their equal. We know it. Madison Cawthorn, a terrific young man. He'll be just about the youngest ever in the history because he just made the date.

Donald Trump: And he is an inspiration to everybody, including me. He's going to be one of the greats. He's going to go on to have an incredible career representing North Carolina and representing our country. Madison Cawthorn. Another great gentlemen, chief of staff, Mark Meadows. He comes right out of North Carolina and I chose him and he's been fantastic.

Donald Trump: We're fighting now Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer. Cryin' Chuck we call him, and Crazy Nancy. And there's a lot of truth to both of them. We're fighting them very hard and very strongly on getting money to the people during the pandemic. And we're doing a lot of things. We're stopping evictions, we're stopping really some very important items that they want.

Donald Trump: They want to do things that are very unfair with mail-in ballots and they want to make sure that they're covered because it just is going to create a rigged election in my opinion. And it has nothing to do with the coronavirus, if you call it that. The China virus, the coronavirus, many names. So I just want to thank Mark Meadows.

Donald Trump: He's done a fantastic job. He's a great Congressman and now he's a great chief of staff. He'll go down as one of the best ever. But no administration has ever done so much in the first three and a half years as the Trump administration. We achieved record low unemployment for African Americans, Hispanic Americans, Asian Americans, women, young people, young people without diplomas, with diplomas, with college education, without, and all levels of education.

Donald Trump: North Carolina, unemployment was the lowest in many, many decades. And you had last year the best year in the history of North Carolina. And it's a long and wonderful history, but you had your best employment and unemployment numbers in the history of your state. When the China virus invaded our country, we had no choice but to shut down our economy.

Donald Trump: We saved millions of lives by doing it, but we had to shut it down. And as we reopened, we've already gained nine million jobs. It's a new record. Never been a record, a number of jobs like that. And you look at it, it is turning out I was right, it is turning out to be a V. A V-shaped recovery. That's straight up.

Donald Trump: Wages have increased nearly 5% and retail sales have gone to a record level. And this is during hopefully the more ending moments of the pandemic. So we have tremendous numbers and that's why Wall Street's going through the roof. We're setting records on Wall Street already. NASDAQ has set the record. And if you look at the stock market and hence your 401ks, you take a look at what's going on, it's been incredible.

Donald Trump: We're ready to break every record, including records from previous to the pandemic. Congressional Democrats are blocking additional China virus relief and making absurd demands for blue state ballots, a ban on voter ID, which we want very much. We want voter ID. They don't want voter ID, and that can only be for bad reasons.

Donald Trump: Stimulus payments and work permits for illegal aliens. They want to have permits for illegal aliens. They want to have free lawyers for illegal aliens. They want to have open borders. They want to do things that are absolutely unthinkable. We're building the wall. We're up to 200 and almost 80 miles, 280 miles.

Donald Trump: And it's had a tremendous impact on illegal people coming into our country or people coming in illegally. And we're letting farmers get the folks that they've been dealing with for many years, we're making sure that that comes out and comes through so the farmers and tobacco growers and everybody else don't have problems.

Donald Trump: So we're taking very, very good care of that, but we don't want criminals coming into our country. We don't want illegals coming into our country. You have to come into our country legally. And we want people to come in through merit, the merit system. We've done fantastically well on the border. The border is like a different place because of the large amount of wall.

Donald Trump: We'll have the wall completed by the end of the year. We may expand it a little bit after that, but it will be largely completed by the end of the year. It's had a tremendous impact. But I refuse to let the Democrats hold America hostage, which is what they're trying to do. And that's why I took executive action to freeze evictions, provide an extra $400 per week in additional unemployment benefits, suspend payments and interest on student loans and create a payroll tax holiday, which is a big thing.

Donald Trump: Payroll tax holiday, that's a big, and what we're doing is sometime after the election, if we win, we're going to make that permanent, the payroll tax holiday. The payroll tax will be rescinded. So we have a tremendous amount of things that we're doing and can do. Under my administration, China will be held fully accountable for all of its lies and deceit.

Donald Trump: America is winning the war against the virus. Three vaccine candidates are in the final phases of clinical trials. That's taking place right now, which is years ahead of schedule. If you went back to the last administration or frankly, any administration, you would be years away from where we are. We're very close to getting approvals, and that has to do also with therapeutics.

Donald Trump: So we expect to have all of this done very soon, and we expect to have it brought around through our military, logistically through our great military that you know. Just about better than any state, you have a big military presence. And again, Kamala wants military cut way down and doesn't believe in the vets.

Donald Trump: It's rather incredible. Through the Paycheck Protection Program, we provided more than 12 billion dollars to over 125,000 small businesses in your state saving 1.3 million North Carolina jobs. 1.3 million jobs we saved. We've also delivered more than $8 billion in economic impact payments straight to North Carolina families.

Donald Trump: And now we're just approving, I just approved more. And the Democrats, what they want is something much different than that. They want to be able to bail out badly run Democrat cities and states like the ones you watch on television every night, Chicago and Portland and other places that are doing so poorly and are just poorly run, just poorly run.

Donald Trump: We're restoring law and order to Democrat run cities that allowed rioters to go wild. We're surging federal law enforcement to stop violent crime. The FBI is up in 300 domestic terror investigations, and we're defending our national monuments. Anyone who defaces our statues or monuments will get 10 years in prison.

Donald Trump: And once we did that, I signed it two and a half months ago, nobody plays with our statues, nobody plays with our monuments. It's amazing the way that works. 10 years in prison if they do. We're providing 400 million dollars to hire hundreds of new police officers around the country. And we will never defund the police.

Donald Trump: We will help the police, and we have almost unanimous, getting very close to unanimous support from law enforcement, which frankly, with what Joe Biden thinks and the philosophy on the radical left, you can understand why we'd have that kind of support. And by contrast, Biden would flood our neighborhoods with dangerous criminals.

Donald Trump: That's what will happen by abolishing cash bail. He'll also support sanctuary cities. Last year, sanctuary cities of North Carolina released more than 500 criminal aliens thanks to your governor, charged or convicted of heinous crimes, including rape and murder. Think of it, in North Carolina, think of it, it's not even believable.

Donald Trump: Under Biden, your state would be crawling with thousands of vile, illegal alien predators, and we're not going to let it happen. Never happen under us. It'll go just the opposite. We're protecting North Carolina farmers and manufacturers from unfair trade. When China targeted our farmers, we provided 28 billion dollars in relief.

Donald Trump: We got it from China with tariffs on China and they paid for it. We didn't pay for it. They paid for it. We officially replaced a disaster known as NAFTA with a brand new USMCA opening incredible new opportunities for North Carolina aircraft and medicines and pork and all incredible work for the farmers.

Donald Trump: Our farmers are thrilled and our farmers because of the 12 million and then 16 each year, 12 billion, and then 16 billion dollars, our farmers are in great shape. If I didn't do that with the target that China put on our farmers, we wouldn't have any farmers. And now they're doing great. Business is booming.

Donald Trump: And frankly, we had the largest corn order last week in the history of corn orders that came from China because they want to make sure that we're happy. But you can never be thrilled, you can never be happy. It's not acceptable at all, not acceptable with what happened with the virus. So I view the deal differently.

Donald Trump: The USMCA deal was incredible however. We're bringing vital medical supply chains back to American soil. I recently signed an executive order requiring government agencies to purchase essential medicines from American sources. And I'm bringing down the price of prescription drugs at a level that nobody's ever seen.

Donald Trump: When you see a commercial where drug companies are taking commercials against your President, President Trump, that's me, the only reason they're fighting me is because I instituted very strong reforms. Just now I just signed them two weeks ago where you have a favorite nations clause. So of other nations, which as you know, everybody knows they get much lower prices on drugs than we do, much, so that other nations, we will get the same price.

Donald Trump: If Germany's paying 10 cents a pill made in the same factory, same box, same everything, and we're paying $2 or $2 and 50 cents a pill, as an example, we would get it for the same price as them. And the drug companies are spending millions of dollars taking ads about me. And just remember, every time you see an ad about drugs and drug companies paying for it, that means one thing, it means that your drug prices are coming down at a level that nobody ever thought possible.

Donald Trump: And last year drug prices came down, first time in 51 years that they came down, but now we're bringing them down at a level that nobody thought possible. And including getting a rebate, which is going to go to the people and going to the price reduction, which nobody again, would have ever even asked for.

Donald Trump: So I'm the first President if you remember to lower the drug prices in 51 years. We've invested more than 2.5 trillion dollars in our great military, which goes to a large extent to the people in North Carolina, because that's a big military state and a great state and a great military state. Defense spending in North Carolina soared by more than one billion dollars per year.

Donald Trump: And we're taking care of our military. And yet you look at Biden and you look at his new partner, Kamala Harris, and they want to bring spending for the military way down, bring veteran spending way down, and so many other things, and bring law enforcement way down. We now have over 70, 200, and I guess we'll be at very close to over 280 miles to be exact.

Donald Trump: I'll get back to you with the exact number, but we're approaching that 300. And our military has helped, the Army Corps of Engineers has helped us build that great wall that I was talking about. We passed Veterans Choice and Veterans Accountability and we fired more than 8,000 employees who are not giving our vets the care they deserve.

Donald Trump: That was under Accountability. They've been trying to get it passed for 50 years. And if they don't treat our great vets proper, and you have many, they don't treat them properly. And you have many cases where that took place but they couldn't do anything about it. Now they can. The VA has just gotten 91% approval rating from the veterans.

Donald Trump: So they have Veterans Choice where if they don't get good service, they go out, they get a private doctor, we pay the bill and they get taken care of. And actually, as hard as it is to even conceive, it's not only great for the veterans, it cost us. We saved money. We end up saving money, but more importantly, we take care of our veterans.

Donald Trump: We're working with governors to safely reopen our schools in the fall. We have to do that. We also want to reopen, we want to get our football teams going. You know that. I'm also fighting for school choice. Every parent should be able to send their child to the public, private, charter, religious or independent school of their choice.

Donald Trump: We passed the largest package of tax cuts and regulation cuts in American history. We're saving the average family of four over $5,000 per year just in what we've done. If you look at the Obama administration and go before that, the Bush administration, it was literal nothing, literally nothing compared to what we've done.

Donald Trump: We've ended the war on American energy and we're now a net exporter of energy. And the average price of gasoline is $2 and even a little bit below $2 a gallon. Something you have never thought possible. And yet we have a vibrant energy sector, vibrant like you haven't seen. And we actually saved that a second time a few months ago when I got on the call with President Putin of Russia, the king of Saudi Arabia and got them to cut oil production substantially, which saved our energy industry and saved theirs also.

Donald Trump: So I was able to get that done, and I'm very, very proud of that. We've been given great marks on being able to do that. So we have a great and vibrant energy industry and you have low, very low gasoline prices. And it's been stable ever since I've been President. If I thought they were going up, I'd call Saudi Arabia, I'd call whoever I have to call and say, "You got to produce more." And we've done a job.

Donald Trump: Biden is a train wreck in the sense, in so many senses, but that he signed a joint manifesto with... And that's what it is. It's a manifesto with Bernie Sanders, which means that Biden is now running as the most extreme left-wing candidate in the history of our country. He's been totally taken over by the left.

Donald Trump: I don't even think he knows it. Biden's vowed to defund the police and take away your guns. In Biden's America, you and your family will not be safe, and you know that. Biden believes that all black Americans think alike. He said, "Unlike the African American community and other communities," he said, "Are incredibly diverse." He'd said, "Other communities are incredibly diverse." One of the worst nastiest statements.

Donald Trump: I don't know if he apologized, I don't know if he'd know how to apologize. It's a terrible thing with incredibly different attitudes about different things he said. So Joe is not even worthy of the vote. Biden supported every globalist attack on American workers, NAFTA, TPP, South Korea, the horrible and a horrible trade deal, and China's terrible entry into the World Trade Organization.

Donald Trump: That's probably the worst trade deal of them all. That's what built China. That's how China got to be where they are, other than the fact that the trade deals they made before I came along were so bad. So bad, embarrassingly bad. Hundreds of billions of dollars a year they took out of the United States. America lost nearly 10,000 factories while Biden was Vice President.

Donald Trump: He voted for the war in Iraq, which was a disaster. And he voted for a mass amnesty. And now Joe Biden wants to raise your taxes by three times and even four times, pack the courts with radical far-left judges, destroy your stock market, destroy your 401ks, indoctrinate your children with the horrible things they're learning in school, wants to open borders.

Donald Trump: And he wants to actually rip down the wall which is saving us tremendous, tremendous problems. Some of the key elements in the manifesto very openly stated, "Abolish borders." He wants to abolish borders. Think of that. Stop all deportations and prosecution of illegal border crosses, support sanctuary cities, incentivize illegal alien child smuggling, provide tax payer funded lawyers for illegal alien.

Donald Trump: So you come in illegally and they give you a taxpayer funded lawyer. That sounds nice. Provide government healthcare for illegal aliens, free community college for illegal aliens, free college. They don't give that to people that have been citizens of our country much of this stuff. And all travel bands including from jihadist regions, and all travel bans.

Donald Trump: I got a travel ban so that the right people would be allowed into our country. We want people to come into our country legally, not illegally. But he wants to end all travel bans, including from jihadist regions, grant amnesty, mass amnesty. End cash bail, releasing dangerous criminals onto the street. Increase refugee admissions by, listen to this, 700%. Incentivize prison closures.

Donald Trump: He wants prisons closed, and provide free federal housing for former inmates. This is all Bernie Sanders but more than Bernie Sanders was ever asking for. They want to mandate net-zero carbon emissions for homes and offices. All new buildings and power plants, electric bills would skyrocket while China would keep polluting the air and doing things for a lot less money than we would because of the tremendous cost associated with that.

Donald Trump: They want to end school choice and abolish charter school, all charter schools. And they want to eliminate single family zoning. They want to put low income housing in the suburbs, and that would essentially abolish, that would ruin the suburbs. But it's already started. This has been going on for years.

Donald Trump: And now Biden wants to put Cory Booker, of all people, Cory Booker in charge. So I've terminated the program entirely. People couldn't believe I did it, but I did it, because the suburbs are the American dream. And by the way, we have many minorities living in the suburbs. They don't want it to happen either.

Donald Trump: Many minorities, they live in the suburbs. They don't want it to happen. And I was very honored to do it but nobody else would have done it. This is where you have a fantastic, wonderful area, beautiful neighborhood, and they come along and demand that low income housing be built right in the middle of it.

Donald Trump: And just terrible things happen, from lower prices for your home to just incredible crime statistics. You take a look. With your help, we'll defeat Biden and the radical Democrats. We'll fight every day to pass an ambitious agenda that always puts America first. We'll unleash the full power of the American economy.

Donald Trump: That's already happening. You see it happening again. We did the right thing. We saved millions of lives. Now we're opening and we're doing great. They want to keep it closed as long as possible. You look at the blue states, like yours, where you have sort of a blue state governor. They gives us a red state, you want to know the truth, but you do have a Democrat governor, and they want to keep it closed.

Donald Trump: They want to keep it closed. Probably on November 4th, the day after the election they'll announce they're opening it. They want the economy to look as bad as it could possibly look, but it's not working for them because we're setting records anyway. We created an unprecedented economic miracle once and now we're doing that again.

Donald Trump: We'll shut down illegal immigration. We're going to finish the wall, told you by the end of the year. We'll be tough on China. We'll be bringing medical manufacturing and critical supply chains back to America. Much of it will go to North Carolina and it will put us in a position where we don't have to be dependent on foreign producers.

Donald Trump: We'll root out anti-American bias in our public schools and colleges. We will end big tax assault on free speech. We'll defend our God-given right to bear arms. We want the right to a Second Amendment that's a great Second Amendment. I protected it now for three and a half years unyieldingly, but they want to either end it or amend it to a level that you wouldn't recognize it.

Donald Trump: We will support the heroes of law enforcement. We will defund sanctuary cities. We don't want sanctuary cities. We will create an immigration system based on merit, and that will be based on merit, where people come in that help our country. We'll bring our troops home from Afghanistan and all of these other places.

Donald Trump: As you know, we took out Soleimani and we took out al-Baghdadi and I gained 100% of the ISIS caliphate in Syria. But we're bringing our troops back home. We've already brought most of them back home. We're down to very small numbers in the Middle East. But we've had great victories against ISIS. A hundred percent of the ISIS caliphate, when we took it over, it was a disaster all over the place.

Donald Trump: We'll drain the Washington swamp and we'll make America greater than ever before. So I just want to thank the people of North Carolina. You're a fantastic people. I want to thank everybody on the phone. And it is, as I said, very large numbers. And I want you to remember, get out and vote on November 3rd.

Donald Trump: You have to get out and vote. This election is critical. It's a difference between our country going in a direction that will destroy our country or our country being greater than it's ever been. And it will be in fact, greater than it's ever been. It's going to have an incredible next year. So, thank you all very much for being on the phone.

Donald Trump: It's a great honor to talk to my friends from North Carolina. We will never let you down. Thank you very much. Goodbye.

Unidentified: Ladies and gentlemen, the event has ended. If you'd like to support the President to make America great again, press one now to let him know he can count on your support. The liberal media is a 24-hour attack dog for the socialist working to defeat the President. If he can count on you to donate just a few dollars to help get the truth to the American people, press two now. The silent majority needs to speak up on election day. Join our team now as a Trump Team Leader by pressing three to help get our message out to your neighbors. Finally, the President needs everyone on this call to text "Trump" to 88022. Thank you, and God bless America.