Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-colby-covington-ufc-call-september-19-2020

Colby Covington: This is the best I've ever looked and, oh, the POTUS is calling me, Mr. President.

Unidentified: You wanna put that on speaker for us or what?

Colby Covington: Mr. President.

Unidentified: Put it on speaker phone.

Unidentified: We're gonna -- we're gonna try and get Donald on speaker phone, let's see.

White House Operator: He is on the line.

Colby Covington: Okay, thank you.

White House Operator: You're Colby Covington right?

Colby Covington: Yeah, this is Colby Covington.

White House Operator: All right, one moment sir.

Colby Covington: Thank you so much.

Unidentified: You might wanna just give him a warning, he is on speaker phone though [Laughs]. This is a first.

White House Operator: Mr. Covington, the President.

Colby Covington: Thank you so much.

Donald Trump: You are -- you are a great fighter, man. I'll tell you, you make it so easy, I don't know how the hell you do that.

Colby Covington: [Laughs].

Donald Trump: Congratulations, I wanted to watch that fight tonight, I wanted to watch it, you were great.

Colby Covington: Thank you so much Pre- Mr. President, you gave me the dragon energy when you shook my hand on Sunday at your rally. And it doesn't matter if King Kong was in front of me, I was not gonna lose after, getting to shake your hand, I bet you that.

Donald Trump: Ah, you weren't gonna lose.

Colby Covington: [Laughs].

Donald Trump: No, he's a strong looking guy too. He's a tough guy. He's a great fighter who's a champ, and yeah, that was easy work -- relatively easy work for you. That's a grab, I'm proud of you, man.

Colby Covington: Thank you so much.

Donald Trump: I'm proud of you. I just made a big speech. I had 35,000 people, I said, "I wanna -- I gotta get home now, to watch Colby."

Colby Covington: [Laughs].

Donald Trump: To watch Colby, that was -- that was fast work. And [inaudible 00:01:14] he's a tough -- and he's a good fighter, right?

Colby Covington: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Did he give you much of a problem? Did -- what did you see, strong guy, right?

Colby Covington: Yeah, strong guy, former champion. But it didn't matter who was in there Mr. President. After getting to see you, I don't care if there was a superman in there. I was beating anybody.

Donald Trump: That's great Colby, I'm proud of you, man.

Colby Covington: Thank you.

Donald Trump: I'm a big fan and I'm proud of you -- you're tough. You're tough, you have the right spirit. So, now go win the next one and, just keep it for a long time, right. Just keep that championship, for a long time.

Donald Trump: But, you are -- you are something. And, say hello to all the guys. I appreciated the shout out tonight, too. I'm -- I'm your fan, you're my fan, you know. Two of a -- two of a kind, two of a kind.

Colby Covington: [Laughs]. Thank you so much Mr. President. I'm gonna bring you the new belt to the Oval Office soon after you win, November third by a landslide.

Donald Trump: You get that belt, and you bring it in and I'll see you, man. We're rooting for you. I -- literally I came in from a big speech tonight, and said I gotta get back, I gotta watch this, uh, this man, the man.

Colby Covington: That's so humbling.

Donald Trump: So, you keep it going. Colby, keep it going, you look great. You look fantastic.

Colby Covington: Thank you Mr. President.

Donald Trump: And, take care of yourself, okay.

Colby Covington: Thank you so much Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Very proud of you. Very proud of you Colby. So long, see you soon.

Colby Covington: See you soon Mr. President.

Donald Trump: So long [Inaudible].

Colby Covington: Have a great night.

Donald Trump: So long, man, bye.

Colby Covington: Bye bye. Wow, frickin' wow.