Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-iowa-disaster-recovery-august-18-2020

Donald Trump: Well, thank you very much. And Governor Kim Reynolds has done an incredible job for calling me, and -- with you and Chuck and Joni. We have come through for you, and we will always come through for Iowa, for you.

Donald Trump: We're pleased to be joined by Acting Secretary of Homeland Security Chad Wolf, who has been doing a fantastic job. And we're going to the border in a little while, and we're going to see the wall -- part of the wall that has been built. We're up to almost 300 miles. Can you believe that? Three hundred miles. And it's moving along rapidly, and we're very proud of it.

Donald Trump: It's had a tremendous impact on people coming into our country illegally, especially with the pandemic. Because Mexico has got some very big problems on the pandemic -- very heavily infected. And we've stopped them. It's the strongest we've been on the border in many, many years. Probably decades. So it's been very good.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much, Chad.

Donald Trump: And FEMA Administrator Pete Gaynor -- Pete, thank you very much. He's been so busy, I don't even talk to him anymore. I just say, "Hi, Pete." I said, "Where's next?" But you've been doing, really, a fantastic job, and we appreciate it.

Donald Trump: And Senator Chuck Grassley -- a incredible man and a friend of mine and somebody that represents the state so well. And I almost don't have a chance when he calls. Right, Joni?

Joni Ernst: That's right.

Donald Trump: We almost don't have -- and then, on top of it, Joni Ernst calls. And between the two of them, Kim --

Kim Reynolds: We've got a great team.

Donald Trump: -- you get what you want, right? But we really do; we have a fantastic team. And also, state and local officials and Iowans affected by this storm.

Donald Trump: Last week, for those of you that don't know what happened, a powerful hurricane-force winds pummeled Iowa, like, I guess, you haven't really seen before. Right?

Kim Reynolds: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Has this ever happened -- a thing like this?

Kim Reynolds: Not to this extent have we experienced anything even close to this.

Donald Trump: Yeah. The size and the power of the wind.

Donald Trump: All Americans are united in grief and prayer for the precious life that was lost. So how many people were lost, would you say?

Kim Reynolds: Right now, we've had three fatalities. And when you look at the severity of the damage and how widespread it is -- and especially in Linn County that you're in right now, it's been a blessing that we haven't had any more loss of life than we've had.

Donald Trump: Well, that's good. That's -- three is too many, but that's a lot.

Kim Reynolds: Three is too many.

Donald Trump: And people injured, I know. But it's -- but they're -- they'll be okay, right?

Kim Reynolds: Yeah.

Donald Trump: This took a big chunk out of your entire state, Chuck. This was a big portion. I guess more than half of your counties were affected, and some very badly, right?

Chuck Grassley: Yeah, about 113 million acres of crop.

Donald Trump: Amazing. No, it's amazing.

Donald Trump: So my administration is already working with Iowa officials, some of whom are with us now, to provide aid and to assess the damage.

Donald Trump: Winds from 80 to 110 miles per hour have carved a path of destruction through over half of Iowa's really great counties, many of which I got to know over the years. Up to 43 percent of the state's corn and soybean crops have been damaged or totally destroyed. Three hundred and thirty-two cell towers were damaged -- think of that -- impacting one million residents. Nearly half a million of the Iowa Electric customers lost power, but I understand the power is back to about 90 percent.

Kim Reynolds: That's the goal by the end of the night --

Donald Trump: Good.

Kim Reynolds: -- so we're making progress and getting closer.

Donald Trump: And the power company has done a good job --

Kim Reynolds: Yep.

Donald Trump: -- under the circumstances?

Kim Reynolds: We had 595,000 households without power. Ninety-seven percent of Linn County had no power from the storm.

Donald Trump: Wow.

Kim Reynolds: So, unbelievable.

Donald Trump: So they really did a good job getting it back, right?

Kim Reynolds: Yeah. Yeah.

Donald Trump: So fast. That's fantastic.

Kim Reynolds: With the [inaudible] aid, but mutual aid really implementing that. We've seen a lot of collaboration take place.

Donald Trump: That's fantastic. Thank them for us.

Donald Trump: And schools here in Cedar Rapids were hit very hard. And many of the schools that plan to open are now going to be delayed -- not for the pandemic reason, but for an unrelated reason that nobody thought would happen.

Donald Trump: So, yesterday, I approved disaster -- a disaster declaration for Iowa. You know that. And it was done in record time. And we're offering the full support of the federal government, so you'll take care of that.

Pete Gaynor: Sure. Sure.

Donald Trump: And the USDA also announced assistance for impacted farmers. Just as we delivered $117 million to the Cedar Rapids flood mitigation project in 2018 -- and that was another big one. Cedar Rapids has had a rough couple of years, when you think about it, right? But we took good care of the flooding. And just like we did that, we're going to help you recover from the storm. And we'll get it done, and we'll all get it done together.

Donald Trump: Iowans have always been resilient and strong and tough and great people. From the depths of this grave hardship, we will rebuild even stronger than before. We're going to be in fantastic shape in a very short period of time. You have a outstanding group of people representing you.

Donald Trump: And maybe if I could, Kim, you could start off and say a few words as to what's going on and how we can further help.

Kim Reynolds: Yeah. Well, first of all, I just want to extend my gratitude for the incredible turnaround time. In less than 24 hours, you were able to approve the major disaster declaration, and that provides a lot of insurance to our communities that have been impacted by the derecho.

Kim Reynolds: It's basically a 40-mile wide tornado that went through the State of Iowa.

Donald Trump: Amazing.

Kim Reynolds: A hundred and twelve miles an hour per -- you know, wind -- up to some of the highest speeds. And as I indicated, 595,000 households without power, significant damage to our electricity and communications infrastructure.

Kim Reynolds: But the capa- -- the capacity of our utilities to get people back up has been great. Appreciated Secretary -- Administrator Gaynor being on the ground yesterday and seeing firsthand some of the damage.

Kim Reynolds: Twenty-seven counties -- we'll be adding more. Sixteen public assistance in the disaster declaration; twenty-seven getting individual assistance. And that'll have a huge impact on Iowans --

Donald Trump: Good. Great.

Kim Reynolds: -- and just we really appreciate that.

Donald Trump: And, Pete, you'll do whatever you have to do?

Pete Gaynor: Yes, sir. We're on the ground now.

Donald Trump: How do you compare this, in terms of damage, with what you had with the flooding a year and a half ago, two years ago?

Kim Reynolds: So this is just so much widespread, when you think about entire counties that have been taken out. You heard the senator say, you know, over half of our crops have been devastated.

Kim Reynolds: We are -- anticipate -- these early estimates -- about 4 billion dollars' worth of damage; 3.7 of that is through agriculture, between the loss of crops and structures and then --

Donald Trump: So this is even more than the floods.

Kim Reynolds: Oh, yeah. Yes.

Donald Trump: Wow.

Kim Reynolds: More widespread. And we'll have additional counties that will be added. They're working on that right now. We've -- the mayors will talk about some of the --

Donald Trump: Good.

Kim Reynolds: -- early estimates that they're seeing. But significant damage.

Kim Reynolds: And -- but we will come back stronger and better than ever, and we're doing -- we've got a lot of help, and we just appreciate the quick response that we've been able to --

Donald Trump: Well, you know you have your friends from the Army Corps of Engineers. Nobody better. They helped you the last time. You didn't think you'd be back so soon, General, did you?

Kim Reynolds: I know. Well, I appreciate the response with the floods.

Todd Semonite: Well, Mr. President, we're -- of course, we work for FEMA and the Administrator. We're very, very proud to be out here. We've been asked to do some assessments on some of the debris removal. We think they've got about 1.5 million cubic yards, and the state is going to do a lot of that heavy lifting.

Todd Semonite: But whatever we can do to help, the Army Corps is all in.

Donald Trump: So, Chuck, with that voice, wouldn't he be a great politician? His voice is almost as tough as yours. Not quite.

Chuck Grassley: As long as he doesn't run in Iowa. [Laughter]

Donald Trump: That's a good point.

Donald Trump: Chuck, what would you like to say?

Chuck Grassley: Well, first of all, I think your coming here and representing the federal government and -- as President of the United States, to show your work in helping us work through this is very, very important. So we thank you for that.

Chuck Grassley: And if I were going to compare the 150 miles I traveled from Boone to Cedar Rapids -- Thursday, Friday, and Saturday, last week -- the damage to the crops -- I've seen corn flat on the ground in my 50 years of farming, but I have never seen it mile after mile, and, you know, just --

Donald Trump: Thrown.

Chuck Grassley: -- flat on the ground. And very little of it recoverable, I think. So that's something to keep in mind.

Chuck Grassley: And I think that one of the things that make you proud of Iowans, as I think you probably know -- neighbor helping neighbor and things of that nature.

Chuck Grassley: So we thank you for coming. And the widespread damage that you're going to be alerted to, and the homes lost, and the power outages, and the crop damage is all important, but you're stepping up to help with that declaration, and we thank you.

Donald Trump: And, you know, it's difficult because you had the largest order of corn in history -- did you know that? -- last week from, of all groups, China. How about that? China. Which -- I don't know -- it makes you think a little bit, doesn't it? Huh? But China made the largest order of corn, twice, over the last week.

Donald Trump: So how does that affect an order like that, when you have such damage to the crops -- to the corn crops?

Chuck Grassley: Well, I think, last week, when the crop -- when the price of grain went up quite a bit, it helps. But then that's going to help those people that have grain to sell. But the farmers that have been hurt with the damaged crop --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Chuck Grassley: -- you only help --

Donald Trump: But are they able to fulfill an order like that? Can they -- will they be able to get an order that big?

Chuck Grassley: Oh, if that's your question --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Chuck Grassley: -- the answer is yes because we have so much carryover from the year before.

Donald Trump: That's great. Oh --

Chuck Grassley: Yeah.

Donald Trump: That's very good.

Chuck Grassley: Yeah.

Donald Trump: That's the biggest -- the two biggest orders of corn in history, we got. That's because they think I'm not happy, and I'm not. I'm not. I'm not happy at all. Just the opposite.

Donald Trump: Joni, please go ahead.

Joni Ernst: Mr. President, thank you so much for being here. We really appreciate your time and your assistance to the folks here in Iowa. And the discussion that we had yesterday morning, I thank you for that. And I can tell that you really do care about the citizens on the ground here.

Joni Ernst: One thing that would be helpful, of course -- with the impact to the ag economy, the loss of so many crops -- is our farmers would love to know that -- with these gap-year waivers that the oil refineries are submitting to the EPA, that we just dispense of those; we not allow them to move forward. Some of these waivers would apply to years -- nine years ago, eight years ago. Our farmers just really need some help this year, obviously, with the crop damage. And that would be a great step forward, is working with the EPA --

Donald Trump: So, I approved the ethanol, and we did the whole thing with the 12-month, and all of the others.

Donald Trump: Let me ask you, how is ethanol doing with the -- with the markets? It's got to be a little bit tough, right?

Joni Ernst: It is ver- -- it's very tough right now. And through COVID, we saw a decrease in driving, and so the sales of ethanol have not been up where they should be. And we've seen that all across the industry -- the impact. And now, after the crop damage, it -- it just sets our farmers even further back.

Donald Trump: But they'll be ready when the market comes back. They'll be ready like never before, right?

Joni Ernst: Yes, they will. And what we need -- just help from the EPA to follow the intent of the law with renewable fuels standards.

Donald Trump: All right. We'll speak to them.

Joni Ernst: Thank you, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: I'll speak to them myself.

Joni Ernst: Thank you.

Donald Trump: I'll do it myself.

Donald Trump: Chad, please.

Chad Wolf: Absolutely. Well, Mr. President, let me again commend you, as the senator did, for coming here to Cedar Rapids. I think that sends a strong signal to all Iowans -- and it -- and certainly, thank you for providing the -- the disaster relief funds that you have done so quickly.

Donald Trump: Don't forget: This has been a very loving area for me. Cedar Rapids has been fantastic, and there's a lot of -- we've developed a lot of great relationships in Cedar Rapids, so I never had a doubt, really.

Donald Trump: So, go ahead.

Chad Wolf: I had the opportunity, last week, again to talk with Governor Reynolds about -- about the devastation. Of course, FEMA has been here, really, since day one, and Administrator Gaynor has been here over the last 24 hours, working with the governor and all of her staff on these priorities as well.

Chad Wolf: And FEMA stood up, really, since day one, their regional coordination center here to make sure that that tie between FEMA and the state was absolutely critical and spot on. So, it's there.

Chad Wolf: Your certainly granting that major disaster declaration is a huge step forward to providing that public -- public assistance and mitigation assistance.

Chad Wolf: So, I really want to thank you for all the work that you've done over the past several days to make sure that we get the resources to Iowans.

Donald Trump: And we wanted to get it done fast, and we did record -- record fast.

Donald Trump: Pete, go ahead, please.

Pete Gaynor: Yes, sir.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Pete Gaynor: Again, thank you for approving the dec in record time. It really means a lot to the governor and her staff.

Pete Gaynor: And we had a great tour yesterday. We went out; we saw firsthand the devastation. So, aside from the level of devastation --

Donald Trump: Were you surprised?

Pete Gaynor: I -- I was. I had not seen --

Donald Trump: He's seen it all. This guy has seen devastation like nobody, but this is bad.

Pete Gaynor: Yes. Yes, sir. And so, aside from the devastation, the thing that impressed me most was the spirit of Iowans helping Iowans out there. So, volunteers helping --

Donald Trump: Right.

Pete Gaynor: -- volunteers with food. We just came from Operation BBQ that's in the backlot of the airport, serving tens of thousands of meals. The National Guard on the streets, clearing streets. Electrical restoration crews as far away as Nova Scotia here to help restore power. Really unbelievable. We have a ways to go --

Kim Reynolds: Yeah.

Pete Gaynor: -- but the amount that they've gone so far, quite impressive. So we'll -- we'll be here until we're done, right beside the governor and her team.

Donald Trump: What is the timing, do you think?

Pete Gaynor: Well, it will take some time to clear up debris. I think debris is going to be the -- some of the hardest things to do; there's lots of it out there. So that -- that does take time, but we have a plan to do it. And, again, we'll be here until the job is done.

Donald Trump: Can you find usage in some of the corn? Is it aged enough, or is it just really not going to be able to be used?

Mike Naig: Well, Mr. President, I'm Secretary of Agriculture here in Iowa.

Donald Trump: Hi.

Mike Naig: And, you know, it'll -- it'll depend. A lot of it, as the senator said, is -- it won't come back up. You won't be able to harvest it for any use.

Donald Trump: Right.

Mike Naig: Some of it will. But there are millions of acres of corn that just won't, flat out, be -- be able to be harvested. So -- but, to your point --

Donald Trump: And you -- you've never seen anything like that?

Mike Naig: No, not to the widespread -- you know, the governor mentioned it -- I mean, we're talking hundreds of miles by 40, 50, 60 miles wide. It's not that we don't -- we're not used -- it's not that we're not used to dealing with difficult weather in agriculture; it's just something of this scale is really tough.

Donald Trump: What about other states, by the way? Did it -- how was it? And they weren't affected nearly like this, but --

Mike Naig: Well, it really -- you know, it started in South Dakota. It went to western Ohio. But, really, if you get into western Illinois, there was some crop damage, but nothing like what you're seeing or what you'd -- you'd see from central Iowa, really, into -- into eastern Iowa.

Donald Trump: Right.

Mike Naig: It took the bullseye.

Donald Trump: Incredible. Okay, thank you very much. Good job. Would anybody like to say anything? Please, go ahead. Please.

Brad Hart: I'm Brad Hart, mayor of Cedar Rapids.

Donald Trump: Good.

Brad Hart: And welcome back to Cedar Rapids.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Brad Hart: Thank you for your leadership, and thank you for the disaster proclamation. That is really important for us. And it's starting to -- not only the federal aid, but the rest of the country is starting to take note. And so we're getting volunteers and help from around the country, and that's really important.

Brad Hart: Almost every one of our almost 60,000 homes and businesses had some kind of damage. That's how widespread it was. Most of the city didn't have power for a week. I still don't have power at my home, and there's about maybe another 20-, or 30-, or 40,000 people that are still waiting for power to come back up in Cedar Rapids.

Donald Trump: You expect it when? When do you expect it everything to --

Brad Hart: Today. Hopefully, today.

Donald Trump: Oh, good. All right.

Brad Hart: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Well, then they've done a very good job.

Brad Hart: No, they have.

Donald Trump: That's pretty good.

Brad Hart: They've brought in thousands of line- -- linemen to work on this.

Brad Hart: One of the things that -- and I have a letter that I'll present --

Donald Trump: Sure.

Brad Hart: -- leave with you. But, in the disaster proclamation declaration, if we could get the -- the individual assistance. Because so many people have not only -- they may have homeowners insurance, but there's still a premium to pay. They still had to throw out food that -- that the insurance won't cover. And most policies for insurance do not cover removal of trees. They take -- they'll pay to move it off your house, but not -- once it's on the ground, you have to pay for that. And that could be tens of thousands of dollars for lots of homeowners.

Brad Hart: And so, adding the -- the individual assistance component to the disaster declaration would really help so many people get those trees out of their yard and not have such a financial burden for them. So that would be a big help for us.

Donald Trump: How have the insurance companies responded and acted, would you say?

Brad Hart: Personally --

Donald Trump: Have they tried to hold back?

Brad Hart: -- from my house, they've been -- they've been very attentive.

Donald Trump: Good.

Brad Hart: And I know that many of the insurance companies have brought in hundreds of -- of adjusters to try to process claims. But it's -- it's hard when we didn't even have power and didn't even have cell service for several days.

Donald Trump: Are you pretty well covered with insurance, though? I mean, you have clauses.

Brad Hart: I hope so, but -- but the trees in my yard will cost me lots of money -- more than what my coverage is, and I have pretty good coverage. But I can handle that, but there's so many Iowans who cannot. So that would be a great help for thousands of those.

Donald Trump: All right. Good. We'll take a look at that. You know about that.

Pete Gaynor: Yes, sir.

Kim Reynolds: And it's actually part of the disaster declaration, and we're actually accumulating the damage and the numbers, and we'll be able to add that on.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Kim Reynolds: And we should be able to do that --

Donald Trump: All right.

Kim Reynolds: -- in a short amount of time.

Donald Trump: We'll see what we can do.

Pete Gaynor: Yes, sir.

Donald Trump: You'll let me know, right?

Pete Gaynor: Yes, sir.

Chad Wolf: Those other assessments are coming through.

Kim Reynolds: Yeah.

Chad Wolf: We expect them probably in the next week or so, and then we can --

Kim Reynolds: In the -- yeah.

Chad Wolf: -- turn on the individual assistance.

Donald Trump: How many people will that affect?

Brad Hart: Well, I think it could affect 55,000 people at least. Because we -- 55,000 buildings -- homes, mainly homes -- and businesses were impacted by that.

Donald Trump: Amazing. It's big, right? It's amazing.

Donald Trump: Okay. We'll take care of it, Mayor.

Brad Hart: Thank you.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.

Brad Hart: Thank you. Thank you.

Donald Trump: Please, go ahead.

Nicolas AbouAssaly: Good morning, Mr. President. I'm --

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Nicolas AbouAssaly: I'm Nick AbouAssaly. I'm the mayor of the City of Marion.

Donald Trump: Good.

Nicolas AbouAssaly: We're a city of 40,000 people, right next to Cedar Rapids. And thank you so much for the declaration and the speed with which you approved that.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Nicolas AbouAssaly: It -- we are Iowans, we help each other, we pull together, and -- but it's -- with this scale of the devastation of this disaster, we need help. And we're really grateful to be getting the help from the state and from -- and from you.

Nicolas AbouAssaly: As the -- as Mayor Hart said, the devastation is -- is very widespread, and that's -- that's what's unique about this disaster. It's not just one area of our -- of our community; we estimate that 90 to 95 percent of buildings, homes, and businesses in our town have -- have some type of damage.

Nicolas AbouAssaly: And the tree removal -- my understanding is that, as the mayor said, the insurance policies will pay for removing the tree off the house, but a lot of trees didn't fall on the houses. And so the average tree removal is -- as I understand, it's $3,500 per tree. So I know someone who lost 39 trees -- large, mature trees, some of them over 100 years old. I know another tree farmer who lost 5,000 trees.

Nicolas AbouAssaly: So if you drive around the community, there are just -- the debris covers up buildings.

Donald Trump: So is that liability -- when you have trees, all those trees? You love those trees. You'd rather keep those trees, right?

Nicolas AbouAssaly: Well, they provide tree cover --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Nicolas AbouAssaly: -- and are very helpful for energy and efficiency. Yes.

Donald Trump: So that's really a loss?

Nicolas AbouAssaly: Yes, absolutely. Absolutely.

Nicolas AbouAssaly: The other thing we're worried about: individuals and businesses. Because on top of this, the economic stress of COVID, obviously. You know, now people have this -- this type of stress with the financial burden of removing the trees and clearing the debris.

Donald Trump: How -- how are you doing with the COVID? How's your area? Both of you, how are you doing with COVID?

Brad Hart: Well, we were the second -- had the -- the most -- the second-highest number of cases and deaths. But we're now running fourth or fifth, which is -- you know, I don't want to win that race, so I'm happy that we've moved down.

Brad Hart: We're working hard. The community has stepped up, and -- and masks -- and businesses are requiring masks to protect their own customers and their own workers. I think we'll get through it. People really understand the importance of it now, and people have adjusted their lifestyles. But a vaccine will be wonderful.

Donald Trump: Yeah. Well, they're doing great on vaccines, and they're doing great on therapeutics.

Donald Trump: And even places like -- I was reading New Zealand is in such good shape, and then, today, they have a big outbreak. So, you know, it's -- it's the invisible enemy, but we're getting through it. And the vaccines are coming along really well -- soon. And therapeutically, really good.

Nicolas AbouAssaly: We are concerned, Mr. President, though, that we might lose a lot of small business because just as they're starting to recover from COVID and open up for business again and regain their business --

Donald Trump: You get hit.

Nicolas AbouAssaly: -- now they got hit. And so if there's a way to help them, maybe extend the PPP.

Donald Trump: Okay. Well, we're going to look very seriously at the individual help. Okay?

Pete Gaynor: Yes, sir.

Donald Trump: Let's do that. Okay? It's a double whammy. Let's help.

Donald Trump: Please.

Ashley Hinson: Mr. President, I'm Ashley Hinson, State Representative. And the district that I represent is in Marion and Cedar Rapids, so I've been working with these gentlemen since the disaster hit last week.

Ashley Hinson: I just want to touch on -- a lot has already been said here about what this state needs, and thank you for your leadership in getting that presidential disaster declaration.

Ashley Hinson: I'm a mom, myself. I have a seven- and nine-year-old, and you touched on schools and how challenging that's going to be, going forward. I was just talking with my Superintendent this morning. We've already delayed the start of school until September 14th for Linn-Mar District because of this disaster.

Ashley Hinson: So they had already made a lot of "return to learn" plans dealing with the challenges with COVID, so I think making sure that we take care of our school buildings -- they suffered damage -- catastrophic damage, in many cases -- similar to a hurricane. So exactly what you might see on the East Coast during a hurricane, we've now experienced that right here in the Heartland.

Ashley Hinson: So I just want to say I appreciate your -- your speed in getting that through. Those resources will be greatly appreciated and greatly used to help our kids get back to school.

Donald Trump: When was the last time something like this happened, would you say, if ever? I mean, like 100 years ago?

Ashley Hinson: Not this dramatic and widespread.

Joni Ernst: Nothing like this.

Donald Trump: Nothing like this?

Joni Ernst: No.

Ashley Hinson: I think the scale is what is the issue here. And, you know, they've touched on it: Everybody had damage, which meant -- normally, when we would be out jumping to another community's aid, everybody had to deal with their own community and the challenges that they were facing.

Ashley Hinson: And so, we've seen, still, Iowans -- they finish their own yard, and they run right to their neighbor's yard. And that's just what we do. That's what we did in my neighborhood.

Ashley Hinson: We just got power last night, and you could have heard the cheers, so I think that makes a huge difference in people's recovery. But there are a lot of challenges ahead, and we will see those in the coming days. But I appreciate your open line of communication and what you're doing.

Donald Trump: Well, we'll take care of it. And you're going to have a very fast recovery, I predict.

Ashley Hinson: Thank you.

Donald Trump: Please, go ahead. Yeah.

Wayne Blackford: Mr. President, I'm Wayne Blackford. I'm a farmer and a cattle feeder --

Donald Trump: Good.

Wayne Blackford: -- north of Marion here. And I want to thank you for coming to Cedar Rapids.

Wayne Blackford: But I think the big thing -- we have insurance on our buildings and our farm, and we also have crop insurance, which we want to thank you for and keeping that in place over the next several years.

Donald Trump: That's right.

Wayne Blackford: We really need the crop insurance. It's going to be a big help.

Wayne Blackford: But we're fine with our buildings. We're well insured, but we need profitability and agriculture to keep going. We need to be able to rebuild and rebuild right, not just cobble things together.

Donald Trump: But you feel good about it?

Wayne Blackford: I feel good about it.

Donald Trump: And you have -- you really have good insurance? Most of you seem to have very good insurance. That's great.

Wayne Blackford: Well, we've seen tornadoes before, and usually when we have a tornado, you know, it hits one spot. We actually feed cattle on 11 farms. And so, yes, we've had trouble before, but never on this many places at once.

Donald Trump: So, this was, in a way, less dangerous than a tornado, but much wider, right? But the point of a tornado is truly brutal.

Wayne Blackford: Well, you know, my wife and I were in the house, and we said, "This is not a tornado." But when the siding went off the back side, we decided to go to the basement.

Donald Trump: It might've been.

Wayne Blackford: [Laughs]

Donald Trump: He said, "Maybe it is a tornado."

Wayne Blackford: So, yeah. So, it felt like a tornado. I don't know if -- it sounded like a freight train. But it was -- it was devastating.

Donald Trump: That's incredible.

Wayne Blackford: I've never seen stuff go by the window so fast.

Donald Trump: Good job. Very good.

Donald Trump: Please.

Jeric Armstrong: Good morning, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Hi.

Jeric Armstrong: I'm Mayor Jeric Armstrong. I'm a mayor in Clarence, which is about 35 miles east of here on Highway 30. It's a town of about 1,000 people. A small town, like a lot of communities in Iowa. And we just want to thank you for everything you're doing for the State of Iowa and all of our small communities because we are going to need the help.

Jeric Armstrong: We -- we were the hardest-hit community in Cedar County. Numerous homes damaged, trees down, as the other mayor said. But you stated earlier: The resilience of Iowans really came out --

Donald Trump: It's true.

Jeric Armstrong: -- really came out last week. And I can say that, for a fact, in my community. The people that stepped up the plate -- the farmers that brought their equipment into town and got it out from underneath of their buildings that were collapsed on top of the equipment and brought their equipment to town to help clean up the mess so we could get power restored to town, which we got back about four o'clock yesterday afternoon. It really brings out the best in people, and Iowans are some of the best at that.

Jeric Armstrong: So we lost -- there's farmers -- there was a farmer north of town that lost a barn that was in his family for eight generations. So it is something like we've never seen before, and we just appreciate all your help. Thank you.

Donald Trump: Thank you. Great job, too.

Donald Trump: And, Kayleigh, let me ask you: With all that is going on in the world, is the world aware of what happened in Iowa? Because it is really something.

Kayleigh McEnany: Well, they're aware now because you came in time to come here. So because now the media is here with you, they're well aware of the huge suffering of Iowans and your great support.

Donald Trump: Well, we're going to take care of it.

Donald Trump: Would you like to say something?

Kim Reem: Absolutely. Thank you for being here, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.

Kim Reem: It means a lot to us.

Kim Reem: I'm the executive director of Mission of Hope here in Cedar Rapids. I've been there almost 40 years.

Donald Trump: Right.

Kim Reem: We work to help people who are homeless, [inaudible] hopeless, living in poverty. And this week, I became one of those people. Our family lost our house, you know, due to the damage from the storm. And I know we'll be able to come back. We've got good insurance like everybody sitting here. Really, really grateful for that.

Kim Reem: Just to echo what these guys said, we have a 200 -- sorry, a two-and-a-half-acre wooded lot, fully mature oak trees over 100 years old, and we lost over 100 of them. And it's going to be well in excess of a quarter of a million dollars just to remove trees.

Donald Trump: No kidding. Wow. That's incredible.

Kim Reem: Yeah, so --

Donald Trump: That's incredible. That's a big part of it. That's a very big part of it.

Kim Reem: Yeah. It's something that our family, you know, was not quite prepared for. We didn't even own a chainsaw.

Kim Reem: So I want to shift gears for a second and talk about the people that I'm blessed and lucky to serve at Mission of Hope. They're hungry today. And it's day nine with no power in that neighborhood.

Kim Reem: And they're not just hungry for food. They're hungry for compassion from our leaders, just to know that our leaders care and are working on their behalf. They're isolated people, so they don't necessarily have good access to -- well, right now, without power, they don't have Internet access. They don't have coverage, the local news of what's going on and how people are trying to help them. But they're hungry to know that.

Kim Reem: They're hungry for human touch. This COVID pandemic has isolated these people. And I just went through our lines this week of people who were waiting for lunch, giving out hugs -- even in spite of the pandemic. Just -- people are hanging on to a hug and clinging to personal words of encouragement.

Kim Reem: Their physical needs are not being met. They lost their food. Many of them have lost their shelter. They don't know where their clothes are. And as I mentioned, they don't have power.

Kim Reem: Though we do appreciate all the hardwork we can see being done in our community as of, you know, yesterday and this morning, we still do not have power.

Kim Reem: And finally, they need help, financially. Due to COVID and the uncertainties of all the businesses being closed, many of them were just returning to work, and now they've been off work again.

Kim Reem: And so they're definitely hurting. We're strong as Iowans. You've heard that all around the table: We're strong, and we're resilient, Mr. President. But we are tired and we need your help.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. Very much.

Donald Trump: Would anybody like to ask any questions? The governor or senators and FEMA or Chad -- any questions for them concerning this situation, which we're going to take care of very rapidly in Iowa? Anybody?

Donald Trump: Okay, it's been very well covered.

Donald Trump: Senator, thank you very much. Joni, thank you very much. I appreciate it. That's great. We'll get it taken care of. We'll get it done very quickly. All of you, we'll get it done. Ashley, we'll get it done very quickly. Chad, thank you. Governor.

Donald Trump: It's all done. So now we have to start working, but the papers are done. You're going to look into the one event --

Pete Gaynor: Yes, sir. Yes, sir.

Donald Trump: -- quickly, and we'll get that approved. Okay?

Donald Trump: Thank you very much, everybody. Thank you very much. Appreciate it.