Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-naturalization-pre-recorded-rnc-august-25-2020

Unidentified: Ladies and gentlemen, the President of the United States. Acting Secretary Wolf, I present to you five candidates for naturalization, representing five countries.

Chad Wolf: On behalf of everyone here today, I'd like to express my gratitude to you, Mr. President for hosting this naturalization ceremony here at the White House. To our candidates, it is my honor to administer the oath of allegiance and welcome you as our fellow citizens. Candidates for naturalization, please raise your right hand and repeat after me. I hereby declare.

Attendees: I herby declare.

Chad Wolf: An oath.

Attendees: An oath.

Chad Wolf: That I absolutely and entirely.

Attendees: That I absolutely and entirely.

Chad Wolf: Renounce and adjourn.

Attendees: Renounce and adjourn.

Chad Wolf: All allegiance and fidelity.

Attendees: All allegiance and fidelity.

Chad Wolf: To any foreign prince.

Attendees: To any foreign prince.

Chad Wolf: Potentate.

Attendees: Potentate.

Chad Wolf: State or sovereignty.

Attendees: State or sovereignty.

Chad Wolf: Of whom or which.

Attendees: Of whom or which.

Chad Wolf: I have heretofore been.

Attendees: I have heretofore been.

Chad Wolf: A subject or citizen.

Attendees: A subject or citizen.

Chad Wolf: That I will support and defend.

Attendees: That I will support and defend.

Chad Wolf: The constitution and laws.

Attendees: The constitution and laws.

Chad Wolf: Of the United States of America.

Attendees: Of the United States of America.

Chad Wolf: Against all enemies.

Attendees: Against all enemies.

Chad Wolf: Foreign and domestic.

Attendees: Foreign and domestic.

Chad Wolf: That I will bear true faith.

Attendees: That I will bear true faith.

Chad Wolf: And allegiance to the same.

Attendees: And allegiance to the same.

Chad Wolf: That I will bear arms.

Attendees: That I will bear arms.

Chad Wolf: On behalf of the United States.

Attendees: On behalf of the United States.

Chad Wolf: When required by law.

Attendees: When required by law.

Chad Wolf: That I will perform.

Attendees: That I will perform.

Chad Wolf: Non-combative service.

Attendees: Non-combative service.

Chad Wolf: In the Armed Forces of the U.S.

Attendees: In the Armed Forces of the U.S.

Chad Wolf: When required by law.

Attendees: When required by law.

Chad Wolf: That I will perform the work.

Attendees: That I will perform the work.

Chad Wolf: Of national importance.

Attendees: Of national importance.

Chad Wolf: Under civilian direction.

Attendees: Under civilian direction.

Chad Wolf: When required by law.

Attendees: When required by law.

Chad Wolf: And that I take this obligation freely.

Attendees: That I take this obligation freely.

Chad Wolf: Without any mental reservation.

Attendees: Without any mental reservation.

Chad Wolf: Or purpose of evasion.

Attendees: Or purpose of evasion.

Chad Wolf: So help me God.

Attendees: So help me God.

Chad Wolf: Congratulations, you're now citizens of the United States of America. On behalf of the Department of Homeland Security, it is my honor to call you my fellow Americans. Mr. President, I want to again commend you for your dedication to the rule of law and for restoring integrity to our immigration system. Thank you for hosting such a patriotic celebration here at the White House today.

Donald Trump: Congratulations, that's fantastic.

Attendees: Thank you Mr. President.

Donald Trump: That's really great, thank you, and I want to thank Acting Secretary Wolf doing a phenomenal job in so many ways. Today America rejoices as we welcome five absolutely incredible new members into our great American family. You're now fellow citizens of the greatest nation on the face of God's earth. Congratulations. Great going.

Donald Trump: You followed the rules, you obeyed the laws, you learned your history, embraced our values and proved yourselves to be men and women of the highest integrity. It's not so easy, you went through a lot and we appreciate you being here with us today. You've earned the most prized, treasured, cherished and priceless possession anywhere in the world. It's called American citizenship. There's no higher honor and no greater privilege, and it's an honor for me to be your president. Thank you very much. At this time, I'd like to recognize the five new citizens who join us today. Robert Martin Ramirez Alcazar is from Bolivia and has been a lawful permanent resident of the United States since 2013.

Donald Trump: Robert. Hi, Robert. He and his wife are raising three beautiful children. In 2017, Robert achieved the dream of starting his own business, a construction company that now employs five workers. Robert says, "I love this country. I want to respect the law. America has helped me so much in life." Robert, thank you very much for your devotion.

Robert Martin Ramirez Alcazar: Thank you for the opportunity to the United States.

Donald Trump: Thank you, and good luck with that company. Soon you'll have hundreds of employees, I think. Right? Robert Martin Ramirez Alcazar

Donald Trump: Could happen. It will. Remi Gideon is from Lebanon and is the proud mother of three children. Remi speaks English, Arabic and French and earned a degree in psychology. In other words, she could figure me out. [Laughter] She now works as a daycare teacher in Virginia. Remi says I feel blessed to be a loyal citizen of the greatest country in the world, a country that has given me the opportunity of a lifetime to realize my potential and my dreams. Remi congratulations. That's really great. Thank you.

Donald Trump: That's very good. Thank you very much, I appreciate it. Sudha Sundari Narayanan, is a phenomenal success. Born in India, came to the United States 13 years ago. Sudha is a talented software developer. She and her husband are raising two beautiful, wonderful children. The apples of your life. Right?

Sudha Sundari Narayanan: Yes, they are.

Donald Trump: Well, thank you very much and congratulations. Fantastic job. Thank you. Named Abdul [Inaudible], is from Sudan and that's a beautiful name, and has been a lawful permanent resident since 2012. She is the married mother of three beautiful children, earned a master's degree and Ph.D. in Animal Nutrition from the University of Wyoming. Great place, great state. And she is a trained veterinarian. She's also worked as a substitute teacher for the Alexandria Public Schools since 2004. That's fantastic. Well, Named, thank you very much and congratulations. It's my honor to be with you.

Donald Trump: Thank you. Thank you very much. Sallah Abdul Samad has been looking forward to this day since he arrived in the United States from Ghana in 2015. Sallah speaks five languages and works the medical field. Sally says that, "The American citizenship means everything to me in my life. It can not be measured or quantified. I have the chance to work hard and succeed in life. To know that I am in the safe country like America, that really is something because I know they have my back." Sallah, thank you very much. Congratulations. Fantastic job. Congratulations to everybody. With the rights and freedoms each of you now enjoy as citizens, there is no dream beyond your wildest reach because Americans can do anything. Today, you have also accepted the profound duties and responsibilities that come with American citizenship. By swearing, the oath of allegiance, each of you has entered a sacred and unbreakable covenant with our nation.

Donald Trump: You've pledged your undying loyalty to the American people, the American constitution and the American way of life. The history and heritage of the United States are now yours to preserve and pass down to the next generation. Our culture, our traditions and our values are now yours to uphold and live by. The rights so dear to every American granted by us and granted by God and enshrined in our glorious Bill of Rights are now yours to support, protect, and defend. As citizens, you're now stewards of this magnificent nation, a family comprised of every race, color, religion, and creed. United by the bonds of love, we are one people sharing one home saluting one great American flag. Congratulations again to all of you. May God bless you. And may God bless our great country America.