Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-frontline-works-pre-recorded-rnc-august-24-2020

Donald Trump: These are my friends, these are the incredible workers that helped us so much with the COVID. We can call it many different things from China virus, I don't want to go through all the names because some people may get insulted, but that's the way it is. These are great, great people, doctors, nurses, firemen, policemen.

Donald Trump: We want to thank you all. You have been incredible and we want to thank you, and all of the millions of people that you represent. Thank you all very much. Great job. Thank you. Thank you all very much. So tell me a little about your stories. How about we'll start with you.

Unidentified: I'm a postal worker, delivered to senior community during the COVID-19.

Donald Trump: Good and we're taking good care of our postal workers.

Unidentified: Absolutely.

Donald Trump: That I can tell you, believe me. We're not getting rid of our postal workers you know. They'd like to sort of put that out there. If anyone does, it's the Democrats not the Republicans. I want to thank you very much and thank everybody in that whole beautiful post office system. We appreciate it. How about you?

Unidentified: I'm a trucker.

Donald Trump: Good.

Unidentified: I own a small business in Ohio.

Donald Trump: Right.

Unidentified: Hauling steel mostly. You know some of our customers actually made hospital beds with the -- some of our material.

Donald Trump: Oh, wow. That's fantastic. Well, congratulations. I love the truckers you know. They're on my side.

Unidentified: Thank you.

Donald Trump: I think all of them, frankly. I think pretty much all of them. How about you?

Unidentified: I'm a custodian at the post office as well.

Donald Trump: What do you do exactly?

Unidentified: Cleanup everybody's mess and everybody's germs and all that.

Donald Trump: Can I tell you that -- that world, that profession will never be out of business. You know that, right?

Unidentified: Yeah, for sure.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much for being here. Thank you. And how about you?

Unidentified: I'm a registered nurse, President Trump. I work at a New Jersey hospital. It's called Virtua Willingboro Hospital.

Donald Trump: Right.

Unidentified: I also represent an organization of professional nurses. It's called the National Association of Catholic Nurses.

Donald Trump: Very good.

Unidentified: But I want to tell you, sir, as a nursing supervisor, I am so in awe of your leadership. Honestly, I know many people have said often interesting things, but it takes a true leader to be able to ignore all that stuff and do what is right, and not be offended by all the words being said.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Unidentified: And you really do show that positive spirit to us. And as nurses, I appreciate that.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Unidentified: But just as an individual, I'm grateful for that.

Donald Trump: Well, I'm for the nurses and for the doctors, I'm for everybody. We just have to make this China virus go away and it's happening. Please, go ahead.

Unidentified: I'm also a nurse. I represent Genesis HealthCare which is a skilled nursing facility company.

Donald Trump: Sure.

Unidentified: I want to thank you and your administration for all the supplies and support and funding that you've given us skilled nursing units.

Donald Trump: Right.

Unidentified: Without that we couldn't do as well as we had done. I spent some time in New Jersey. I live in West Virginia, went to New Jersey and did some work there, and we finally started to see things change and turnaround.

Donald Trump: I appreciate what you said because we have delivered billions of dollars of equipment that Governors were supposed to give, and in many cases, they didn't get. So the federal government had to help them and all of the people that did this incredible work, they never got credit for it, but you understand where it came from.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. Thank you, both. It's really nice. Please, go ahead.

Unidentified: I'm a police officer in Englewood, Colorado and I contracted COVID in late March and recovered.

Donald Trump: That means we don't have to be afraid of you at all, right?

Unidentified: Yeah. Good to know.

Donald Trump: Once you're recovered, you know, we have the whole thing with plasma happening.

Unidentified: Uh-huh.

Donald Trump: That means your blood is very valuable. You know that, right? Thank you very much. Great. Please.

Unidentified: I'm a Detention Deputy at the Kern County Sheriff Department of California.

Donald Trump: Great.

Unidentified: And I also contracted COVID into March and recovered from that also --

Donald Trump: How long was your problem?

Unidentified: I was sick about 10 days, really bad. I got everything besides the cough, but recovered. I was off work for a month and a half and I work at our local county jails.

Donald Trump: Did they do anything specifically to help you recover?

Unidentified: They gave me Z-Packs medication, cough syrup.

Donald Trump: OK. And I won't even ask you about the Hydroxychloroquine because they said it's a shame what they've done to that one, but I took it. I took the Z-Pack also and zinc. I want to thank you all very much.

Donald Trump: It's an honor to have you in the White House. You're fantastic people and the people you represent, you represent an incredible group of people and we love you all. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Appreciate it.