Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-asheville-regional-airport-north-carolina-august-24-2020

Unidentified: That's as far as it goes.

Donald Trump: Hello. Hello everybody. Hi. Can you hear me? Can you hear me over there? So I want to thank you very much. You've been incredible. The state has been incredible. That's one of the reasons, you know, you have a governor that shut it down. You're in a shutdown, right? [Audience Boos] But I want to just thank -- this is some little gathering.

Donald Trump: This is just from the heart. This is from the heart. So you know we worked out a program where all of the food that was being wasted goes to people, and helping people during the pandemic, and you people produce the food like nobody produces the food. So we took care of it. Then we're actually doing today a $1 billion program that's going to help everybody.

Donald Trump: It's going to be great, and you know, we're hitting new records in the stock market. We just hit new employment records for the last three months. Nine million people jobs. We reduce taxes. We reduce regulations. I's all coming back so fast that you'll see it, and the pandemic goes away. The vaccines are going to be, I believe, announced very soon.

Donald Trump: Yesterday night, we did it -- last evening we announced a very, very big therapeutic, and the therapeutic, it's something that really has been an incredible thing. This would have taken, I wouldn't say years, maybe not many years, but it would would have taken a long time to have gotten it approved. We got the FDA to do it very quickly.

Donald Trump: So now we have another therapeutic, and it's really been effective. So I just want to thank convalescent plasma, but you know that, convalescent plasma, and hopefully you won't need i. But we have it and Remdesivir, and so many others. So many others are coming out now. The job they've done, the job our country has done, has been amazing.

Donald Trump: We'll be talking about it on Thursday evening. Is anybody going to be watching television on Thursday evening, right? So we'll be talking, because really the job that we've done is incredible. It's incredible, and none of us get any credit for it, and that's okay. As long as we have the end result, and the end result is we have to make people safe.

Donald Trump: We have to make our country safe. We have to build up our military, and now it's at a level that it's never been at before. We've rebuilt our entire military. The wall, the wall, as you know, will soon be finished, and our border is secure, and I heard somebody on the other side, we want to tear down the wall.

Donald Trump: Do you believe this? Tear down the wall? [Audience Boos] They want people, they'll say it, let the people come in illegally. Let them come through. We can't do that. We have a great country, we've never done -- we are going to be in a position, as you know, prior to the plague coming in from China, we did numbers the likes of which have never been seen.

Donald Trump: Our employment numbers, every -- every number -- stock market. Now you look at it today, the stock market is just about set to break the all-time record. Your 401(k)s, all of the things that we're doing, and that's a leading -- to me, that's like a leading indicator. Everything's follows. The economy is going to come back.

Donald Trump: Next year, we're going to have one of the best years economically, and in other ways, that we've ever had before. So watch on Thursday night. We just accepted the votes, and I guess the official acceptance is on Thursday, but we just got a great delegate count, Mark Meadows, is that right? Mark Meadows, from a wonderful state known as North Carolina.

Donald Trump: Mark Meadows, and he's got to have a great young man taking his place. We think he's going to be -- do a fantastic job. But Mark has been great, our chief of staff. So I just want to thank everybody. This has been a real love fest between North Carolina and Trump, right? It's been incredible. We've had a tremendous success here, and you've had -- so last year you had the most successful year you ever had, and you're going to break that record again next year.

Donald Trump: We're going to have an incredible third quarter. The numbers coming in are just been -- they've been fantastic, and again, you're going to have a great third quarter, but you're going to have the best year, I think, you're going to break your record from last year. So we will put this horrible incident coming from China behind us, and we will have the vaccines very soon, but it's going to be fading, and it is starting to fade.

Donald Trump: Florida is getting much better. California is getting much better. You look at all of the different states that have been through it, and you look at our rate, and we're going to be comparing that -- you're going to look at the tremendous success we've had compared to other places. So, I just want to thank all of the people from North Carolina.

Donald Trump: You know, as you know, because of the shutdown, we wanted to have our convention here, and you have a governor that basically didn't want to play ball. He didn't want to do it, [Audience Boos]. And by the way, Dan Forest is running, and he's great he's great. So -- and I think he's going to do very well.

Donald Trump: But he's really a terrific guy, and he'd be a terrific governor, and I hope you going to do it. So I felt really an obligation to come here today to say hello to the people of North Carolina, and we appreciate your love and I love you right back. Thank you all very much. Thank you very much. Take care of yourselves.

Donald Trump: Thank you everybody. Thank you. Thank you. Good luck. We love you all. Thank you.