Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-tele-rally-virginia-september-20-2020

Announcer: Ladies and gentlemen, the president of the United States.

Donald Trump: Hello, Virginia. 44 days from now, it's getting close to whatever thought, we're already there. We're going to win Virginia. And I'm going to put a very heavy play in Virginia. It's improperly represented and you're going to see what we're talking about. You know, they want to take your guns away, the whole thing on pro-life and what they've done to, uh, destroy what's so good.

Donald Trump: We have to -- we have to fight it. So we're going to win four more years in the White House. And I'm making a play for Virginia. And people say that we should be able to win. You have probably the craziest governor anywhere in the country. Early voting has started and absentee ballots, which are so important.

Donald Trump: Absentee ballots are being mailed to Virginia this week, but early voting has started and we can win that state. And your second amendment will be fully protected. This is the most important election in the history of our country. You have to go out, get out and vote on November 3rd. Virginia will decide whether we'll quickly return to record prosperity and we're doing incredibly well.

Donald Trump: We have a -- a super V, not just a V because you look at what's happening with the numbers. They're very good, beyond good. Next year is going to be a great year, or whether we allow Sleepy Joe Biden to impose a $4 trillion tax hike, abolish American energy, shut down the economy, destroy the suburbs, he's going to destroy the suburbs, low-income housing going all over the suburbs, gives free healthcare to illegal aliens, and demolish our God-given rights.

Donald Trump: Biden, and his party will shred the constitution, starting with the right to keep and bear arms, you know that, it's been a very big subject in Virginia. It's one of the reasons that I really think we have a good chance, first time in a long time that our Republican really can win Virginia. And that's why I'm on the call today.

Donald Trump: It's very nice. It's a very nice Sunday. And, uh, we can be doing other things, but we want to get Virginia. It's a very important -- great state. I know it very well. When asked whether a Biden administration was coming for your guns, Biden replied, bingo. And he said, yes, they are. They're coming for your guns.

Donald Trump: And they may now be pulling back because they're seeing that he's falling down in the polls, both in Virginia and nationwide, we're doing well. We're really doing well. We're doing beyond well, getting close to where we were before the China plague came in. But Biden promised to put notorious gun-grabber Beto O'Rourke.

Donald Trump: You remember that. He put him in charge of a nationwide assault on your second amendment. And if Biden's elected as sure as you're sitting or watching or listening, if he is elected Virginia's -- will lose your right to, uh, to -- to bear arms. You have an absolute right to keep and bear arms, and that will be taken away from you.

Donald Trump: Your second amendment will be obliterated. The Democrats will disarm you while giving violent criminals free reign. So think of the combination, take your guns away, bring them in, take them in and at the same time, you look at these protests, these violent protests, which could be stopped very easily. All the governors have to do is call us.

Donald Trump: We'll have him stopped very easily with our national guard or otherwise, but I'll always protect your second amendment. Your second amendment will be saved. One of the big things and one of the big reasons I'm looking at Virginia so strongly because there's no state that is under siege in terms of their second amendment guns, their second amendment, there's no state under siege or even close to it like Virginia.

Donald Trump: They're going to take your gun rights away. Biden will also sign legislation to erode the most sacred right of all and that's the right to life. Here in Virginia, Biden campaigned for your Democrat governor, who is a -- a crazy man, how he stayed, how can you -- It's just inconceivable. Uh, he's a Michael Jackson, remember?

Donald Trump: Michael Jackson. He was imitating Michael Jackson. He said, in fact, his wife saves him from total embarrassment when she said, please don't try and imitate Michael Jackson's desk -- dancing. Cause that's hard to do, but your governor, Ralph Northam, who stated that he would allow babies to be executed after birth.

Donald Trump: The first time I've ever heard the expression and Biden doesn't want to dispute that expression. So babies, not only late term, this is babies executed, they're born and then the mother decides what to do with the doctor. This is from your governor. First time I heard it, but this is a -- an execution after birth.

Donald Trump: Under Biden, Democrats will wipe out every single victory. The pro-life movement is achieved and we've achieved plenty, and allow and fully allow infants to be ripped out of their mother's wombs. We talked about it in the last debate or one of the debates with Crooked Hillary Clinton and, uh, late term, we talked late term, but this is far beyond late-term abortion.

Donald Trump: This is a terrible thing. So you have a governor between that and between, uh, the second amendment. Uh, they are coming after you, and I think we should win Virginia. If I can't -- we can't win Virginia, I don't know, I would be very surprised. A lot of people agree with me, by the way. When I'm re-elected, I will work with the Republican Congress to ban extreme late-term abortion because every child is a sacred gift of God.

Donald Trump: And that's the way it is. If everything we do and in everything we do, my administrator's -- my administration is fighting for the people of Virginia, for the people of our country. We're doing really well. Our country is doing despite the pandemic, we're re -- we are rounding the turn, we're coming up with vaccines and therapeutics, but we're rounding the turn.

Donald Trump: And just three and a half years under my administration, we've secured America's borders, rebuilt the awesome power of the U.S. military, big part of Virginia; obliterated the ISIS caliphate, 100% obliteration; fixed our disastrous trade deals, and appointed over 240 highly qualified federal judges; and by the end of the term, we'll have 300, it could even be more than that; 300 federal judges, a record.

Donald Trump: And we also, as you know, have two great Supreme Court justices, Neil Gorsuch and Brett Kavanaugh. I have begun work to fulfill my constitutional duty to nominate a justice, another justice of the Supreme Court. In 2016, Joe Biden stated, I know there is an argument that no nominee should be voted in the last year of his presidency, but there is nothing in the constitution, our history, to support this. 29 times it's been done.

Donald Trump: Biden also, just said a few years ago, I would go forward with a confirmation process even a few months before the president's election. If the nominee were chosen with the advice and not merely the consent of the Senate, just as the constitution requires. So they're agreeing that what we're doing, and by the way, it will be a woman.

Donald Trump: Uh, we have tremendous women on the list, as you know, and it will be a highly qualified person and we'll pay a woman that we choose. And, uh, the nomination will be put forth sometime next week. And it'll be my great honor to do it. And almost everybody agrees that this is our right. This is our constitutional rights.

Donald Trump: It's been done many times before by other presidents and very successfully. When the voters elected me in 2016 and the Republican Senate in 2018, and you look at, uh, what's going on and what's, you know, it's called a, we won the election. They shows leaders committed to appointing justices who will apply the constitution as written.

Donald Trump: And that is what we will do. I look forward to announcing my nominee and, uh, again, probably sometime next week. We've achieved more for Virginia in less than 47 months than Joe Biden achieved for Virginia, and frankly, I could say also for the country in 47 years. We've had a tremendous administration.

Donald Trump: We've done more than any other president, any other presidency, we've done more in three and a half years, than I would say, nobody's been able to dispute it first in the first three and a half years than any other president or administration. We built the greatest economy in the history of the world. Now we're rebuilding it again.

Donald Trump: It's coming up. And when you see the third-quarter numbers, which will be announced just prior to the election on November 3rd, you're going to see, I think numbers that will be beyond record setting. They're going to be phenomenal. Uh, housing is doing great. Cars. Car sales are doing great. Manufacturing of cars is a close to records, retailing, is records.

Donald Trump: So we're doing incredibly well. And now we're doing what we did. Originally, we're doing it all over again. It's make America great again. Again, if you think about it, we will deliver a safe and effective vaccine. This year, we'll end the pandemic. We'll, uh, where really, again, we're rounding that turn, that final turn.

Donald Trump: And, uh, even without the vaccine, but the vaccine will speed it up to defeat the China virus. We launched the largest industrial mobilization since World War II. We surged rapid testing kits to every nursing home in America as we got to be -- as we became more and more familiar with it. They were very vulnerable and we have, uh, we -- and we're continuing to work on the vulnerable.

Donald Trump: We have, uh, people -- elderly people, especially when they have heart problems or they have, uh, uh, any of the basic problems that many elderly prob -- people have to go through. They've become very vulnerable to this, uh, China viruses, this horrible disease. Through pioneering therapies, we reduced the fatality rate, 85%, think of that.

Donald Trump: Remdesivir and all sorts of, uh, other things that have come out, and maybe more importantly, that are coming out, whether you see what's coming out. Europe is almost 30% greater excess mortality than the United States. Our bold and early action saved millions of lives. And our decisive economic response save tens of millions of jobs, including 1.4 million jobs in Virginia.

Donald Trump: That's why, despite this horrible -- this horrible situation that took place coming out of China. One point we saved -- 1.4 million jobs in Virginia. When I banned travel from China in January, Biden called it hysterical, xenophobic. If we had listened to him, hundreds of thousands of people would have died.

Donald Trump: And he understands that. I'm not sure he understands much, but his handlers understand it. That's what he has, he has handlers, they write everything, they do everything. He only speaks with a teleprompter because that's the way it is. Biden wants to lock law-abiding Americans in their homes. And he said that very strongly.

Donald Trump: He's, uh, he would be very, very prone. Even though we're coming toward the end, we're rounding the turn, he's all set to do it again, lock him down, shut him down. And if you look at the States that, uh, we have, uh, various states, North Carolina, Pennsylvania, where we just won a big court case about opening it up, uh, Michigan, and a couple of others, the lockdown states are not doing well.

Donald Trump: It's just -- it's States that have opened up that are doing well. So Biden's plan is to appease domestic terrorists. My plan is to arrest these terrorists that are causing such problems, they're anarchist. On November 3rd, your vote will save lives and will save America. I want to thank the, some of the great people that are on the phone, Republican and Republican warriors and fighters, they're right by my side.

Donald Trump: First of all, GOP Chairman Rich Anderson. I want to thank Rich, has been fantastic. Congressman Rob Wittman, Ben Klein, and Morgan Griffith, a fantastic people. Congress -- congressional candidates, Scott Taylor, who has been a warrior in his previous life and a warrior in congress seals. He's going to be a fantastic Congressman.

Donald Trump: Again, we need him really badly in -- in Washington and he is a fighter and it was a very unusual situation why he didn't go, and now he's way ahead. It looks like he's winning big. We have to get out there and vote for Scott Taylor and Bob Good, likewise, and Nick Freitas, uh, these are fantastic, uh, people.

Donald Trump: And we want to take those three seats and I want to thank the Virginia Trump delegation chair, John Fredericks. He's been really incredible. Also, I want to say that Mark Warner has been an absolutely terrible senator and doesn't represent you well, all he wanted to do is work on impeach, impeach. That's all he talked about, impeach.

Donald Trump: He was the one that thought he was speaking to Russians. This guy was speaking to Russians. He got scammed, Mark Warner. He got totally scammed by a Russian who called up and said he had information, he's from Russia. When can I meet? This is Mark Warner, your Senator. He got totally scammed. He's terrible.

Donald Trump: He's been a terrible senator. Doesn't represent you well. And a young man named Daniel Gade, who's supposed to be, I mean, I tell you, I hear just the best things. I don't know him, but I hear incredible things. He's a worker and he's a fantastic young man. So, Daniel Gade is running against Mark Warner, and Mark Warner does not deserve to be as sena -- He's not worthy of being a senator.

Donald Trump: It's left at all over the Senate. I withdrew from the Trans-Pacific Partnership, saving the U.S. auto industry a tremendous amount of money. And this state, your state, lost one in three manufacturing jobs after the disasters of NAFTA and China's entrance into the World Trade Organization, courtesy of Biden.

Donald Trump: Biden was one of the big proponents of NAFTA. One of the big proponents of the WTO, World Trade, which was a disaster for the United States. Earlier this year, I kept my promise to American workers when we ended the NAFTA nightmare and signed the brand new USMCA, that's Mexico-Canada agreement into law. It's just kicking in now and it's phenomenal.

Donald Trump: I don't know if it's good for them, but maybe it is, but they don't seem to be too happy about it. I know it's very good for us, and it means hundreds of thousands of jobs and really great for Virginia. I took the toughest ever action to stand up to China's pillaging and plundering, ransacking, the rampant theft of Virginia jobs.

Donald Trump: Joe Biden's agenda is made in China. My agenda is made in America, made in the USA. When China targeted our farmers, we provided $28 billion in relief. They went after our farmers and I said, "How much?" Because it was very unfair. I said, "How much is it? It was 12 billion. And it was 16 billion, the second year, I gave him $28 billion to our farmers, which came right out of China to tariffs that we had many billions left out, but we're still getting billions and billions from China.

Donald Trump: Nobody got 10 cents from China in the past. Before me, China, it was a whole different ball game. So we gave that money and I recently announced that we're providing another $13 billion in relief to help farmers recover from the China virus. We passed massive tax cuts for hard-working American families. And we eliminated a record number of job-killing regulations.

Donald Trump: Now both of these are records. The tax cuts are the largest tax cuts in the history of our country. And the, uh, if you look at the regulations, whether it was four years, eight years, or a one case more, more than eight years, uh, in terms of presidents or administrations, we have, uh, set, a record on regulations.

Donald Trump: We've killed tremendous numbers. I think that's why our, our job numbers went up so much, more than any other administration in history. I ended up the last administration's -- and -- and think of this, I ended -- just fought like hell and ended the last administration's war on American energy, and that's what it is and they want to bring it back.

Donald Trump: They want to bring back war on our great energy. We have an advantage over other countries, we're in competition with other countries. And, uh, they, uh, what they want to do is end this tremendous success that we've had with American energy. And now we're the No.1 producer of oil and natural gas in the world by far, by the way.

Donald Trump: And you look at your prices at the gas pumps when you're less than $2 and going down, but nobody thought that was even possible. And your electric bills, and you look at your various electric costs, and costs. Some of the States that really go open and go with us, usually run by, almost always, run by Republicans, by the way.

Donald Trump: The Democrat run States are not doing nearly as well as the Republican run States and cities. And especially when it comes to crime, Biden's pledged to that he wants a net zero carbon emissions, meaning no fracking, no gas-powered cars, skyrocketing energy bills, and abolishing millions of jobs. It'll cost this country, millions and millions of jobs and your energy costs will go through the roof.

Donald Trump: After years of rebuilding other countries, we are finally rebuilding our country. It's very simple and it's, uh, you know, it's great being on the phone with you, but that's what it's all about. We spend all of our money, uh, rebuilding other countries, and we forgot about ourselves, which is not too smart, uh, on perhaps no issue though, have our opponents been more thoroughly betrayed.

Donald Trump: They have just betrayed the working families of all backgrounds than on the subject of immigration. They betrayed our nation. If you look at what the Democrats have done on immigration, they made it very difficult for us, but we broke through and now we're doing phenomenally on immigration, the best numbers we've ever had.

Donald Trump: Under my administration, we've achieved the most secure border in American history. We ended catch and release, stopped asylum fraud, and we've deported 20,000 gang members back to the countries from where they came. We built over 320 miles as of today, 320 miles of border wall, brand new border wall. And we're adding about 10 new miles every single week.

Donald Trump: We'll be finished with a wall very soon. It's had a tremendous impact At all of the mines that we built, have had a tremendous impact at the border. Tremendously positive, both in terms of drugs, in terms of every -- any aspect that you look at. A lot of it's been this 320 miles that we've already completed.

Donald Trump: By contrast, Biden is promised open borders, zero deportations, outrageous taxpayer giveaways for illegal aliens, tremendous tax increases. He wants to increase your taxes, quadruple your taxes. Biden wants to return to the same weak immigration policies as the Obama administration had that allowed MS-13 to spread all over Virginia.

Donald Trump: You were one of the biggest victims, you're state, of MS-13, and we've cleared them out. ISIS done, by the way, a fantastic job. Last month, the DOJ charged 11 members of MS-13 for sex trafficking, a 13-year-old girl, Virginia. It was a unbelievable, actually, what's going on with them and we are getting them out or they go to prison immediately.

Donald Trump: Cause in some cases we don't bring them back. We have no choice. We don't want to take a chance. We bring them into our system. If you want to eradicate MS-13, then you have only one choice. You have to vote for your Republicans. You have to vote for me as president. The job we've done with law enforcement has been incredible.

Donald Trump: We've been endorsed by almost every single law enforcement agency and group in the country, uh, New York City, New York, the new -- we call it New York's finest, it took all their power away. They take, I mean, what they've done in New York is terrible, run by Democrats, New York City. And, uh, we were endorsed New York's finest.

Donald Trump: We were endorsed by Chicago, the Chicago police department. We were endorsed in Texas and Florida, Ohio, were endorsed by almost everybody. I, frankly, I think everybody that I can imagine, we have almost unanimous police endorsement. So it's called law enforcement. We passed VA choice and VA accountability.

Donald Trump: We killed the founder and leader of ISIS, al-Baghdadi. We took out the world's No.1 terrorist, also the mass murder of American troops and others. Qasem Soleimani, he's dead. And, uh, they were after these people for a long time, but we got them. We knocked out 100% of the ISIS caliphate. Nobody thought that was possible.

Donald Trump: We did it fast. We launched, also, the first new branch of the U.S. Armed Forces in 75 years. And that's the Space Force. So just that alone is a major accomplishment, but we did many other things. Uh, just to go on, just for a few minutes longer, I withdrew from the last administration's disastrous Iran nuclear deal.

Donald Trump: I kept my promise, recognize the true capital of Israel and open the American embassy in Jerusalem. I recognized Israeli sovereignty over the Golan Heights, something they've been trying to get for 52 years. I got it done. And instead of the endless war, we're forging peace in the Middle East, you saw that last week, uh, two Nobel prize, Nobel prizes.

Donald Trump: We have two, actually, for different subjects, Kosovo and separately, Israel, but that was two separate nominations, which I very much appreciate. It's very nice. But more importantly, as we get the job done. Joe Biden oppose the mission to take out Osama bin Laden. He opposed killing Soleimani. He voted for the Iraq war, which was a disaster.

Donald Trump: The whole Middle East, going into the Middle East was a disaster. We should have never been there. We're at $8 trillion and thousands of lives and millions of lives. If you look at both sides, he backed the disaster's Iran nuclear deal, which I terminated. He cheered the rise of China as a positive development.

Donald Trump: He said, quote, "positive development." Well, it wasn't a positive development. You just take a look at what's happened, it was not. If it were up to Joe, bin Laden and Soleimani would be alive. ISIS would be on a rampage, Iran would control the Middle East, China would be the dominant power in the world.

Donald Trump: And by the way, before the plague came in from China, we were doing numbers against China that were unbelievable, we still are, but we were doing numbers that were unbelievable. We were superseding even the wildest dreams of people. If you -- For those of you that would be reading up on it, if you go back 10 years or five years, by 2019, China was going to become the dominant economic power.

Donald Trump: Well, if you go back a few months and take a look, we were just out distinct -- outdistancing them by a tremendous amount, we were getting bigger, bigger, stronger, stronger. Now we're doing it again. We had to close it up. We saved millions of lives. Now we're doing it again. The Biden agenda would collapse our economy and destroy your country.

Donald Trump: He'd destroy your social security and protections for pre-existing conditions. Drain your Medicare by giving away your healthcare to illegal immigrants, eliminate private health insurance for 180 million Americans that absolutely love it. They love what they have with their health insurance and his running mate sponsored the socialist healthcare takeover that would ban private insurance.

Donald Trump: So all of those 180 million people would lose their private healthcare, their private insurance. He'd end our travel bans on jihadist regions, which he wants to do immediately, and increase refugee admissions by, listen to this, 700% at least. Opening the floodgates to radical Islamic terrorism and Biden opposes school choice and vowed to ban charter schools, two things which we've made tremendous progress on.

Donald Trump: And, uh, school choice is very important, charter schools, very important. In the second term, I'll provide school choice to every parent in America to combat the toxic left -- toxic left-wing propaganda in the schools. I am launching a new pro-American lesson plan for students called the 1776 Commission, it's a big deal.

Donald Trump: We'll teach our children the truth about America. The greatness of America, that we're the most exceptional nation on the face of the earth. No party can lead America that will not teach our children to love our country. We are doing great. And now we're going to do greater than ever before, you're going to see that next year.

Donald Trump: I think you're going to see that at the end of the third quarter. A vote for Republicans is a vote for safe communities, great jobs, and the limitless future for all Americans instead of letting Washington change us, despite all that we've all been through, we are changing Washington and it's driving them crazy.

Donald Trump: Over the next four years, we'll make America into the manufacturing superpower of the world. It's already taking place. That was taking place before almost 700,000 jobs. And we'll end up manufacturing jobs which, by the way, Obama and Biden said could never happen. They said, you'd need a magic wand, remember?

Donald Trump: And we'll end our reliance on China once and for all. We'll make our medical supplies right here the United States. We'll enact fair trade deals to create American jobs and grow American wages. We'll rapidly return to full employment, soaring wages, record prosperity. We'll hire more police, increase penalties for assaults on law enforcement, and ban sanctuary cities.

Donald Trump: We'll protect government benefits for American citizens not for illegal aliens. We'll ensure equal justice for citizens of every race, color, religion, and creed. We'll defend the dignity work and the sanctity of life. We will uphold religious liberty, free speech, and the right to keep and bear arms, and that's so important.

Donald Trump: These is all things that are so important. These all has to do, also, with the Supreme court of the United States, and you'll be seeing that because starting next week, I guess it's going to be a very interesting period of time, but, uh, it will determine the next president will have anywhere from one to three or four Supreme Court nominations and Supreme Court justices appointed.

Donald Trump: And the whole country -- the whole direction of our country will be by the way that happens. So it's very important that we win. We have to win. We have to win this election. Most important election of our lives. We'll strike down terrorist and threatened -- that threatened our citizens and will keep America out of these ridiculous, endless wars that I'm bringing in -- we're bringing them all home.

Donald Trump: We're almost complete. You don't hear about it in the fake news, but that's the way it is. We're coming back home with tremendous numbers of wonderful soldiers that can do anything. The strongest in the world. We built the strongest military in the world. We have all new beautiful equipment made in the USA, but we're bringing our soldiers back home.

Donald Trump: They're acting as policemen not soldiers and we're in all these countries, somehow they went to all these different countries with the leadership you had of the past. We're bringing them back home. We'll end surprise medical building, require price transparency. That's a big deal. That's probably bigger than healthcare.

Donald Trump: It's already signed, it goes into effect on January 1st, and further reduce health insurance premium. And very importantly, the cost of prescription drugs. I just signed favored nations clauses, meaning, we have to have the lowest prices. They have to be comparable to the lowest prices in the world. Right now, they are many times higher, which is ridiculous.

Donald Trump: And the health insurance companies that taking ads and not -- they're not in love with you president, I can tell you, but the drug prices will drop 40, 50, 60, 70%. We will protect Medicare and social security. And we'll always protect patients with pre-existing conditions. America will land the first woman on the moon and the United States will be the first nation to land an astronaut on Mars, and that's a big deal.

Donald Trump: NASA now is the preeminent space area in anywhere in the world. And when I took over three and a half years ago, grass was growing on the runways. We'll teach our children to love our country, honor our history, and always respect our great American flag. We'll live by the timeless words, and I say this all the time, it'll never change with us, In God We Trust.

Donald Trump: And for years you had a president who apologized for America. Now you have a president who is standing up for you and standing up for American, and standing up for Virginia. And whether it's your farmers, your tobacco growers, where we're working with everybody, and we're making everybody, honestly, they're really proud, you're proud to be an American again.

Donald Trump: We're going to have a phenomenal period of time. We're going to have a -- a great, great -- What's happening in our country is, uh, incredible. When foreign leaders come to see me, they always start, they congratulate me not only on the job that we don't get credit for, and I don't want the credit, but the generals have to get it and the admirals and Mike Pence, our vice president has been fantastic, they have to get the great credit that they've done on the pandemic on this thing that should have never been allowed to happen by China.

Donald Trump: And now we're really -- we're really moving again. You can be proud, really proud of your country, we're one movement, we're one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God. So Virginia, really, get out. We need your vote. We're going to win. We're going to win. I think we have a chance of winning big.

Donald Trump: Just remember, look, for the last two years, this governor's done nothing, but try to take your guns away. Every time I read the paper, I see he's trying a note -- new move locally to take your guns away. Then he tries it on the federal basis. I shut that down very quickly. Not only in Virginia, but other places, but Virginia is the No.1 place in the country that they're taking your guns away.

Donald Trump: And if I'm here, they're not even touching it. I've gone now almost four years. And your second amendment has not been touched and it won't be touched. If anything, it's become strengthened. So I want to just thank you all. It's so important. Some people would say, "Well, save your time. Don't go to Virginia.

Donald Trump: Democrats have sort of taken the radical left. It's a little bit taken over Virginia." I don't believe it. You have an incompetent governor. Do you have a governor that's going to take away your guns and what he's done to -- to -- against pro-life, what he's done in terms of abortion, what he's done in terms of execution after birth, babies execution, after birth, I just hope you can see too it vote for Donald Trump.

Donald Trump: You will be protected. You will be proud. And Virginia, you had your best year in the history of your state last year because of what we did on a federal basis with trade and all of the good things we've done, we will keep it going. So, I thank you for your time on a Sunday afternoon. And I just hope that you go out vote and we're going to take the state of Virginia.

Donald Trump: We're going to protect you and we're going to protect your family. Thank you very much, everybody. A great honor to talk to you. Thank you. Bye.

Announcer: Ladies and gentlemen, the event has ended if you'd like to support the president to make America great again, press one now, to let him know he can count on your support. The liberal media is a 24-hour attack dog for the socialist working to defeat the president. If he can count on you to donate just a few dollars to help get the truth to the American people, press two now.

Announcer: The silent majority needs to speak up on election day. Join our team now as a Trump team leader by pressing three to help get our message out to your neighbors. Finally, the president needs everyone on this call to text Trump to 88022. Thank you and God bless America.