Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-roundtable-venezuela-doral-florida-july-10-2020

Donald Trump: Thank you all very much. We are making our rounds in Florida. We are setting records from stop to stop and it's great and they are my friends and it is a place I know very well. We had great victories here and I am very grateful and very grateful also to be back in South Florida with Americans from Venezuela, Cuba, Nicaragua, and many other great places that we cherish and we take care of. I want to thank Pastor Frank Lopez. Thank you very much, Frank.

Donald Trump: Appreciate it. Where is Frank? Thank you, Frank. That is not like you, Frank, not being in the spotlight. I can't believe it. That's great. We appreciate it very much, Frank. Beautiful job you do. And my friend Mario Diaz-Balart, great congressman, and a great warrior. He has been a warrior and for this area in particular but thank you very much, great job.

Donald Trump: And he recovered successfully. He was positive, he tested positive. I heard about it and I wasn't thrilled but he pointed out somebody said his immune system must have been good. It wasn't perfect you still with very little bit, right? But you did a great job thank you very much. Well, my administration as you know it stands with every citizen of Venezuela and Cuba and Nicaragua.

Donald Trump: It stands with the righteous struggle for freedom. The Patriots here today fled socialism, defined freedom and socialism and other things as you know and a step beyond socialism in many cases and now Joe Biden and the radical left are trying to impose the same system, socialism plus, in America. Biden is a puppet of Bernie Sanders, AOC, the militant left, the people that want to rip down statues and monuments to George Washington, Thomas Jefferson, Benjamin Franklin, and Jesus.

Donald Trump: Okay? Jesus. They want to rip down statues to Jesus. So we are dealing with a group of people that they will not win, they will not win at all at this election coming up is a very important one. I use to say 2016 the most important and maybe I will still say that but this is equal to that. This is equal because we need that extra time to have it seed like a tree, you move it, it has to grab on and that is why I appreciate you all being you were great leaders and I appreciate you being here.

Donald Trump: Nobody will be safe in a Biden America but Biden doesn't know what a Biden America is if you ask him to find that he wouldn't even know what it is but other people do and he will have radical people running that, he will be choosing a vice president who we will see what that ends up being that he will be choosing somebody but even that person won't have as much to do with running the country as you would believe.

Donald Trump: Biden wants to defund the police, he wants to call the cops the enemy which he did the other day leaving every so the sun at the mercy of a socialist mob or a mob far worse than socialism was ever meant to be. I am fighting against this horrible situation. I'm fighting and I am fighting hard and I want the Republicans to get strong and tough and I want people that agree with me on the Democrat side of which there are many I think we are going to have a tremendous Democrat surge.

Donald Trump: We are actually doing in the real polls we are doing very well. We reviewed polls this morning with different states. We are doing very well by the way you will be happy to know in the State of Florida. We are doing great. You see the boaters out there are thousands and thousands of boats every weekend and we appreciate it but nobody has seen anything like it ever and we have that in many other states with boaters and bikers and everybody.

Donald Trump: There is a spirit that nobody has ever seen. I don't think we had anything like this even in the 2016 race because they see what happened. We built the greatest economy in the history of our world, greater than anything we have had a greater than anything the world has ever seen. China was not doing well, China went down to the worst it was the worst year they had in 67 years.

Donald Trump: This is before the plague came in, the China virus came in and the worst economy they had in 67 years. They were doing not well with the tariffs and all of the other. We are taking billions of dollars from China, I was giving it to farmers and giving it to people that were targeted and we were doing great and then the plague came in. I said oh, there's the plague.

Donald Trump: The plague is coming in and we closed our borders to China, very heavily infected and we did the ban and if we didn't do that we would have had hundreds of thousands of more people dead and then we did the ban to Europe because we saw what was happening with Italy and Spain and some others, many others and we were ahead but we are still fighting it and we are going to do very well.

Donald Trump: We are testing at a level that nobody has ever tested before. We are making ventilators for the world. We literally had no ventilators and now we are making thousands of ventilators a month, thousands, thousands and thousands and we are helping other countries. We are giving as an example to Mexico we have given 600 ventilators and they are desperately needed them.

Donald Trump: The president of Mexico was a at the White House two days ago and he is a great -- he is a great guy the president and we had a tremendous day and evening, we had dinner with a lot of the real leadership of Mexico and it was a fantastic thing and a lot of people didn't think we would get along and it was just the opposite.

Donald Trump: We were joking about it a little bit people thought maybe we are very different type people but we are not really. We got along great so the relationship with Mexico and the United States is very strong. We just signed the USMCA which is tremendous. We had a horrible, horrible situation with NAFTA. It was the worst trade deal I think probably ever made and now we have a great trade deal for the United States and also it is very fair to Canada and to Mexico so that is good.

Donald Trump: We imposed historic sanctions on the Maduro regime. We indicted Maduro for narco terrorism as you know everybody here knows. We are standing with the righteous and rightful leaders of Venezuela. This time it is Juan Guaido. We impose sanctions on Nicaragua for human rights violations. They have been violating a lot of human rights, a lot of very bad things are happening in Nicaragua and I ended the Obama Biden sellout to the Castro regime in Cuba.

Donald Trump: We have been very strong on Cuba. Cuba is not doing so well. Joe Biden has pledged to reinstate the procommunist policies of the Obama Biden administration. They were procommunist policies, the deal he made with Cuba is ridiculous. It is ridiculous. What he did for Cuba and what they did for Cuba is ridiculous and I guess it is why the Cubans gave me the bay of pigs award just before the last election if you remember, got the bay of pigs award which was a great honor.

Donald Trump: I have it very proudly in my office. Republicans are the party of freedom, Democrats are the party of socialism and worse. That is what has happened to the Democrat Party is a whole different deal, they tear down the monuments and they think it is good. Nancy Pelosi made a statement well, that's okay. That's no big deal and the region she said that is she has no control over it. She didn't say it because she really believed it. She said it because she has absolutely no control over what these people are doing and we do. We do. We were going to go into Seattle.

Donald Trump: We were all set to move and then they heard that we were and the police came out and they did what they should have done weeks before so we got that done. Minneapolis, same thing. We said you've got to send in the National Guard after four days of ridiculous, no law enforcement. We were -- we demanded that the National Guard be sent in. The minute it was sent in, it all ended.

Donald Trump: They walk through those streets like a knife goes through butter. It was pretty amazing. Now what we are doing is in Portland. We have a very radicalized group and we have it so under control, we have it under control. The local police have not done the job. I think they were told not to do a job but we have it very much under control.

Donald Trump: We are taking very strong measures and we are looking at other places too. When you see what is going on in some of these Democrat run cities, all Democrat run cities in every case and they go into hell and we are doing a lot of things to get that changed and we are going to get it changed very quickly. So I would like to ask our great congressman to say a few words if he would.

Donald Trump: He understands the situation. He loves this area very much. He will constantly call me and if I can't get back to him and he immediately he will call me again because he wants money coming here and he wants a lot of other things coming here and that is the way a good congressman is supposed to be, right?

Donald Trump: And he's not a good congressman, he's a great congressman so if you would please Mario.

Mario Diaz-Balart: Mr. President, thank you. If I ever can't get a hold of you I then harassed Mark Meadows who is an amazing -- an amazing asset to our country so let me -- let me first to our friends here the president we just came back from SOUTHCOM. All of us in this community have known Mr. President for years that there is drugs coming in, that our people see coming in and because of lack of assets frankly lack of leadership not supplying the assets we can't stop them and so this president has done this surge to SOUTHCOM to stop those narcotics from coming in and I don't know of anything that could be done --

Mario Diaz-Balart: -- as quickly to actually save American lives as the initiative that the president has -- has started a little while ago, and it's already bearing fruit. So, Mr. President, thank you for visiting the heroes here at Southern Command and, more portly, for recognizing a threat to our national security and to be life -- lives of our people and confronting it not with lip service but with action.

Mario Diaz-Balart: So, first I want to thank you for that. Second, we're here with friends who are -- understand, unfortunately, what socialism is all about. We have the daughter of a martyr who was murdered by the Castro regime. We have -- we have individuals here who understand that the situation in Venezuela, Nicaragua, and in Cuba is not only disastrous for those people but, as you have stated so many times, it is a danger, a threat to the national security interests of the United States.

Mario Diaz-Balart: I said it before that this administration has emphasized this hemisphere, but it's emphasized it in support for the cause of freedom, not solidarity with those who -- who oppress their people. It has shown solidarity with the people, not the oppressors of those people by, what the president just talked about, sanctions and tough pressure and diplomacy and leadership.

Mario Diaz-Balart: Mr. President, on behalf of the folks that I represent and I'm honored to represent, thank you. Those actions are not small. The impact on our national security is huge. The impact on the millions of people who are suffering who now have hope is immeasurable. History will record you as the president who freed this hemisphere from communism and socialism.

Mario Diaz-Balart: Those regimes will not last another four years of President Trump, I am convinced of it. And you've seen that others are saying, oh, we're going to go back to the policy of recognizing, legitimizing, legitimizing the Castro regime, knowing what they're doing in Venezuela and in Nicaragua and in the hemisphere.

Mario Diaz-Balart: That's unacceptable. So, I just again -- on behalf of the folks that I represent, thank you for standing up for our national security interests, for freedom, and for your solidarity with those who are working and struggling and in many cases dying just to regain their freedoms. Thank you, Mr. President --

Donald Trump: -- Thank you --

Mario Diaz-Balart: -- For what you've done --

Donald Trump: -- Very much, Mario; appreciate it. Great job you do, too. How about we go down the line? Please?

Ernesto Ackerman: Thank you, President Trump, for having me here today and letting me express my feelings about my homeland, Venezuela. I am proud to be here with so many prominent friends, Fernando, John, Congressman Mario Diaz-Balart, Jose Maria Pollard, and [Inaudible]. My name is Ernesto Ackerman, and I am the president of Independent Venezuelan Americans Citizens, more known as IVAC.

Ernesto Ackerman: My organization has worked over 18 years very hard, growing in favor of Venezuelans in Congress of the U.S. And we were the first ones to work with Congresswoman Ileana Ros-Lehtinen and my congressional brother, Congress Mario Diaz-Balart, to achieve the law of sanctions against the narco terrorists in Venezuela.

Ernesto Ackerman: I am the son of a constant camp survivor. She is currently 96 -- 97 years old living still in Venezuela. I think that she feels that she is again reliving her time in a concentration camp. I left Venezuela in 1999, and only 45 days at the -- after the rallies that were called [Inaudible, in Spanish] very similar to what happened here some weeks ago.

Ernesto Ackerman: The excuse in Venezuela was gasoline. Was it here George Floyd? Then in 1998 came the elections, and Chavez was elected president of Venezuela. They started by controlling the weapons and ammunition that people can have. Is that similar to eliminate our second amendment? Then came changes in the police. For example, all the police in the municipalities, [Inaudible, in Spanish] as an example, became [Inaudible, in Spanish], and the colectivos appear.

Ernesto Ackerman: Is that what means defund the police? Then from being the richest country in the region, today we are the poorest; no medicine, no food, and something so essential like drinking water. That is what socialism brings to a nation. I became a citizen of this great country in the year 2000. I have a wonderful wife, three daughters, one of which is an ex-police officer, and four grandchildren.

Ernesto Ackerman: What future would they have in socialism? That is why, Mr. President, being a proud American, I will work hard to prevent socialism from penetrate -- penetrating this great country, and count with me to support to achieve it. Mr. President, that's why today I want to make you two requests; first, that we eliminate the germ of socialism from this -- its essence in Venezuela, Cuba, and Nicaragua, etc.; and second, help the people of Venezuela to get rid of the narco terrorists who have kidnapped our nation.

Ernesto Ackerman: They alone cannot do it. The countries of the region must have a greater participation since they are also affected by the situation. Your leadership is necessary to fulfill this call. Thank you, Mr. President, and I am working for you for more four years.

Donald Trump: That's very nice. I appreciate it; beautifully said. And it is a catastrophe when you think of what happened to Venezuela. Thank you very much.

Ernesto Ackerman: Thank you.

Unidentified: Thank you, Mr. President. It's an honor to be here with you and to hear the stories on why the fight for freedom can never be forgotten. Mr. President, your campaign and the Republican National Committee are building the largest grassroots movement in American history because of you and your steadfast commitment always put America first for every American.

Unidentified: The Republican Party is growing by the day because Americans know that you're standing up for our freedoms and what makes America great, no matter the criticism. And because of that, the Republican Party is now the party of freedom thanks to you. As we say here, [In Spanish]. We're the party of freedom because we stand for freedom of religion, freedom of speech, freedom for the unborn, freedom of commerce if it's free, fair, and reciprocal trade, freedom at home and abroad.

Unidentified: The Hispanic and Latino community in Florida knows the horrors of life without freedom. They've seen firsthand how leaders who value control, not freedom, destroy prosperity, security, and opportunity. That's what happened in Venezuela, in Cuba, in Nicaragua. That's what socialism does. Mr. President, freedom and faith in America are now threatened by the same radical left ideology seen in places like Cuba and Venezuela, as that ideology now controls today's Democrat Party.

Unidentified: And the only protector of our American freedom and American greatness is you, Mr. President. That's why everyone around this table and of the communities outside of this church are working hard every day to reelect you as our president for four more years. We're registering voters. Were knocking doors. We're sharing this Republican message of freedom in English and Spanish, telling folks why you need for more years for America, Mr. President.

Unidentified: When you declared --

Unidentified: -- before our union that America will never be a socialist country. The words made clear to freedom loving people across our hemisphere that you stand with those who love freedom. And the community here in Doral knows that. Thank you for standing up for America, for standing up for our freedom, for our greatness.

Unidentified: Only you can rebuild the economy, this economy to secure our safety and prosperity for future Americans. Americans saw historic low unemployment for every community across America under your leadership, including Hispanic and black Americans. And with God's help and with your leadership, we know that the best is yet to come.

Unidentified: Thank you for your time today, Mr. President, and thank you to all the great leaders at the table.

Donald Trump: I want to get that speech. Do you mind giving me that speech? I could use it. [Laughter] How good was this? Who's your speech writer? You wrote that yourself? Want to work for me as a speech writer?

Unidentified: I work for --

Donald Trump: -- He's too -- he's too big. He works for me anyway in a different way. But, you've done a great job. That's a beautiful speech. I want to thank you very much --

Unidentified: -- It's true.

Donald Trump: I want it. You think I'm kidding too, don't you? [Laughter] He thinks I'm kidding. It's true. The Republican Party has grown incredibly from where it was, and we have a whole different group of people in the Republican Party. Like people don't remember. Nobody ever heard of it until I came along. Nobody remembered it for a long time, or they didn't use it at least.

Donald Trump: I use it all the time. Abraham Lincoln was a Republican. You know, you said that. People say, "I didn't know that." But, he was a Republican. So, we're doing a great job. But, that was a beautiful job. I appreciate it very much. Thank you. Please.

Orlando Gutierrez Boronat: Sir, my name is Orlando Gutierrez Boronat. I -- I represent the Assembly of the Cuban Resistance. It's the main coalition of pro democracy organizations in the Cuban exile community. And what I want to do is very briefly share with you four memories of my life that helped me understand what socialism is or communism is.

Donald Trump: Okay.

Orlando Gutierrez Boronat: First of all, I want to thank God for this opportunity for many different reasons. And it brings back one of my clearest memories of Cuba, which was sitting in one of those big beautiful Havana churches, and the church was almost empty. My grandmother, myself, two or three more people, the priest doing mass.

Orlando Gutierrez Boronat: People were afraid to worship. People were afraid to go to church because they would put mobs outside to insult you when you came in or when you walked out, and you would be discriminated if you believed in God, persecuted. Rosa Maria's family knows that experience very well. And everywhere communism and socialism have come to, the first freedom they strike at is religious freedom.

Orlando Gutierrez Boronat: Why are they knocking down the statues of Jesus? Because they've done it everywhere they've gone, whether it's a synagogue, a temple, a church, that's their -- their target. St. Augustine said that the source of all other freedoms was religious freedom, the right to believe or not to believe, to have faith or not have faith, that's fundamental.

Orlando Gutierrez Boronat: And that's one of the first things communism in Cuba tried to eradicate. They tried to wipe out Christianity in Cuba. For this very powerful reason and for many others, free Cubans, Cuban Americans have been at the forefront of the struggle against communism, in Cuba and around the world. Thousands of Cubans have died in that struggle.

Orlando Gutierrez Boronat: Thousands have been imprisoned. Many are still imprisoned today. It's been a very long struggle, and this community has been visited many times by different leaders who have made a lot of promises. Few of those promises, the most glaring being the Bay of Pigs, have been kept. And that's why -- one of the reasons why I thank God for being here is that I wanted to take the opportunity to thank you because you came through.

Orlando Gutierrez Boronat: I was there when they gave you the Bay of Pigs award. I was one of the speakers at that day. I was honored to do so.

Donald Trump: That's right.

Orlando Gutierrez Boronat: And what you said that day, what you've been working on ever since, closely with Mario whose untiring relentlessness -- to the struggle for Cuban freedom, you've come through, and, you know, Cubans have been without a homeland for so long, we've been in the struggle for so long that one of the things we cherish is loyalty and gratitude.

Orlando Gutierrez Boronat: And we are grateful to you, and we're good friends to have because we're -- once someone has served the cause of freedom in Cuba and behaved like you have, we will be loyal to you forever. Title three, title four have empowered Cubans legally to fight for justice. The strategic sanctions aimed at the military and the intelligence and security sectors have weakened them.

Orlando Gutierrez Boronat: That's why we've seen in the past months and the past few weeks protests against this regime in Santa Clara, in Moa, in [Inaudible] and key cities in Cuba. Every time Cubans see that the state is weakened and they have a chance to fight. They go out and they struggle. That's why it's especially important, at this point in time, that we have a strong radio [Inaudible], a strong TV [Inaudible], a strong [Inaudible] all these stations which are transmitting uncensored accurate objective information to Cubans.

Orlando Gutierrez Boronat: Cuba is the base for the communist occupation of Venezuela and Nicaragua. If Cubans are really supported like you're doing now to free Cuba, the entire hemisphere will breathe better, including the United States. The second memory I want to share with you is right before we left Cuba, my parents spent five years trying to get out of Cuba.

Orlando Gutierrez Boronat: My father for the crime of being an electrical engineer, they didn't want to let him go. So, he had to go to a work camp, et cetera, et cetera. A few days before leaving, my father took me to different places in Havana to show me Havana before we left because he said, "You know, we may never come here again." And he never returned.

Orlando Gutierrez Boronat: He never saw his city again. And Havana was a beautiful city. It's been destroyed now by communism. And it's a beautiful city because between 1902 and 1959, in less than 60 years, Cubans took that island from being devastated by genocide and Spanish occupation to being one of the leading Latin Americans with a thriving economy.

Orlando Gutierrez Boronat: Just to give you an example, which nobody ever discusses, before 1959 Cuba fed itself and exported food to the entire hemisphere. Cuba today cannot feed itself without U.S. donations of food. So, we have lived firsthand what you are struggling against. Those many in media and in Hollywood who -- who spread lies about socialism, lies about communism, lies about what happened in Cuba -- people are naive about socialism.

Orlando Gutierrez Boronat: They're naive about communism. Che Guevarra himself said that the goal of communism and socialism was to destroy the individual, to destroy individualism. That's the engine of freedom. That's the engine of prosperity. Compare Cuba today with Israel or with Taiwan. And, by the way, this community also thanks you for your support for Israel and Taiwan.

Orlando Gutierrez Boronat: Look how those countries are doing. Same in size, very similar to Cuba. They've prospered. Cuba has collapsed. So, my last memory is the 24th of February of 1996, four Cuban Americans were massacred over international airspace trying to help people who were escaping Cuba in rafts. We urge you to consider the indictment of Raul Castro for that -- for that massacre and that the regime be tried in international tribunal, a Cuban Nuremberg for their crimes against humanity like that massacre and many others that it has committed.

Orlando Gutierrez Boronat: That regime must be removed. They won't do an opening. They won't do elections. It's a regime that will remain in power until the Cuban people have the support to take it out. And what I want to end with, the last memory is I was my grandfather's only grandson. Big family, only grandson. Before we left Cuba, my father left to see his father, and my grandfather said, without hesitation, "Get him out of here.

Orlando Gutierrez Boronat: Take him out of here. This is no place for -- to grow up. I want him to be a free man." I'm very proud to be American. I'm very proud to be Cuban because I have a debt with him. I have a debt with my parents, with my grandparents, and with this country. So, count on us. There should be a task force to educate Americans about socialism and communism, and we're here to fight for Cuba, but also the United States.

Orlando Gutierrez Boronat: Thank you so much. And God bless you.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. Great job. Thank you. Please [Inaudible].

Maximo Alvarez: Listen, before I start, I need to first, thank you for your sacrifice and the job you have done. And I also want to make sure that we understand you are surrounded with very good people here in the State of Florida. Just to mention a few, we have the best governor and lieutenant governor in DeSantis and Jeanette Nunez.

Maximo Alvarez: We have the best two senators. And [Inaudible] is a congressman. But, the two senators, Scott and Marco, best congressmen for sure.

Donald Trump: Right.

Maximo Alvarez: Guy sitting to your left, my dear friend. And I cannot forget somebody who has just been promoted very recently or I hope he gets vetted in front of the Senate, our dear Carlos Trujillo, a very young man with a tremendous future. Thank you very much because you have selected those people, and I assure you they will be eternally loyal to you, and they have your back.

Maximo Alvarez: I assure you of that. Now, my story is very simple. We always talk about socialism. Socialism is nothing but communism during Halloween. There's no such thing as socialism. America has always been the most socialist country in the world. We're definitely the most generous. Look at the people at the table.

Maximo Alvarez: Look at our backgrounds. Just think that in 1961 as a 13-year-old by myself on my way to Spain, I wasn't even coming here I arrived in this great country and almost 60 years later I am sitting next to the president of the United States talking about the American dream. The only country in the world, no other country in the world that you can start a business from the trunk of your car and within a very few years with hard work, commitment and all of the core values that we learned from this very culture of ours we can become very important to our future.

Maximo Alvarez: We can become those people who make the next generation better than the one before. This is the only country why do you think you have to close the borders? Because everybody in the world wants to come over here. Nobody is ever forced to come over here, we come over here in my case because my parents chose that I would not be indoctrinated by the communist country, by the totalitarian country, by the totalitarian regime.

Maximo Alvarez: They don't educate children, absolutely not and this is something that we need to understand. What is happening in our backyard today I experienced as an 11-year-old. I remember vividly all of the promises that a guy named Castro gave and held 99 percent of the people swallowed the pill. It took many years later after I read somebody named [Inaudible] that I realize that all of those people were nothing but useful idiots I remember Castro while in the mountains being interviewed and ask if he was a communist.

Maximo Alvarez: He went crazy. I dare you he says [In Spanish] Roman Catholic educated by the just the woods he was how dare you we even have a priest in the mountains use to have a priest in the mountains I remember [Inaudible] Christopher Columbus here for those of you who don't and I remember the brothers, the [Inaudible] brothers use to send young kids to the mountains because it was the second coming of our Lord.

Maximo Alvarez: He was going to save Cuba and remember how he promised to the farmers, to the [In Spanish] that you are going to own the land. I remember all of the promises that we hear today about free education and free health care of free land and my God no freedom but he never said that until after he was in power and got rid of all of the police, got rid of all of the military been there for the last 60 years and counting and he destroyed each and every one who helped him the Catholic Church, everybody and what do I know that?

Maximo Alvarez: Because I happen to come to this country with the very last nine [Inaudible] from Santa Clara because he had taken over the convent and I was on my way to Spain, I wasn't even coming here because I was going to join my brother who my parents had already sent a few months before because he was in the age where the government will take him for indoctrination purposes.

Maximo Alvarez: My dad who had experienced the same thing coming from Spain at the turn of the century running away not from socialism, communism. He knew better. I remember when he used to tell my mom [Inaudible] these SOP's are communist. My mother said look, how can you say that? He's Catholic? Look, [Inaudible] rosary beads all over his neck.

Maximo Alvarez: It just so happened that when I was on my way to Spain to meet my brother I was going to go to the [Inaudible] brothers in [In Spanish], same brothers you had Christopher Columbus by the way my brother died and I was kept in this country, greatest [Inaudible] but imagine what happened to mom and dad. One day they lose both kids.

Maximo Alvarez: This is a family who had never been involved in politics. My father came at age 18 from Spain running from communist by himself never went back. After the long, long life of sacrifice when he was about to enjoy the fruit of his labors just like president that is helping us today because he could have been just having a good time on one of his many beautiful golf courses right now but yet he gave up enjoying the fruit of his labors to do this so that my dad that is why I love you exactly the same so when they are about to do that from one day to the next they end up in this country with the shirt that he was wearing on his back and did [Inaudible] have been here already four years but thank God for [Inaudible]. Talk about socialism Catholic Church, 14,000 kids who came like me in this country without parents and we were provided an opportunity.

Maximo Alvarez: This is what makes our country great. They didn't give me free nothing, they gave me the opportunity. That is the most valuable thing in the world. Now when I said they didn't give me in the free something please understand that at 13 years old I had to be provided with a home, I had to be provided with food and an education.

Maximo Alvarez: That is socialism, that is Americanism, that is the America that these people are trying to destroy today by using funny terms like socialism. They are not. The communist don't ever forget that. I know our president understands that because he knows, he has been all over the world and he is surrounded with great people, very loyal people and we have [Inaudible]. I remember the first time I gave speech about something like this tell him about by came from Cuba and blah, blah, blah.

Maximo Alvarez: I remember this is around October 2016 I thought you were a little crazy for the sacrifice you were about to take but I predicted that we were going to elect to in November and I was going to see you in the White House in January. Thank you very much because of the situation right now I cannot give you a hug otherwise thank you very much and I want to leave you with one last thing.

Maximo Alvarez: Never forget about my dad who only had a sixth-grade education but I think he was the greatest philosopher I ever met. He used to tell us how lucky he was because he was able to come from Spain to Cuba and then he came from Cuba to the United States and he saw me graduate from college and that was the biggest prize he ever hand and he said don't lose this place because you're never going to be as lucky as me because if you lose this place you have no place to go so with that please keep that in mind and please people explain that to our young people who are demonstrating out there don't be useful idiots.

Maximo Alvarez: Please understand what is happening in our country see what happens to our parents and see what is happening to America today. Mr. President thank you very much and thank you for your hard work.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. And he became one of the most successful men in Florida so he did -- that is the only thing he didn't say but he did and he is a great gentleman. Thank you very much. That was very nice that you've cut everyone else down to about 1 minute, we appreciate that.

Maximo Alvarez: Most appreciate of the time I got. [Laughter]

Donald Trump: Okay. Do you mind?

Maximo Alvarez: I ask that --

Donald Trump: -- Let's go.

Maximo Alvarez: I ask that you -- that, you know --

Donald Trump: -- Okay. Thank you very much; appreciate it.

Lourdes Ubieta: Thank you, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Lourdes Ubieta: My name is Lourdes Ubieta, and I have been working in the media for over 25 years in Venezuela, Latin America, and the U.S. And I'm an -- I'm an immigrant and the victim of socialism not once, but twice. I was born in Venezuela to exiled Cuban parents who escaped the Castro Communist tyranny and made a very successful life in other times prosperous, but always generous, Venezuela.

Lourdes Ubieta: For every single Venezuela, life changed when socialist, corrupt [In Spanish] Hugo Chavez came into power in 1999. After two decades of socialism in Venezuela, the country is destroyed. We are a poorer society with a falling purchasing power that limits the market for almost everything, 79.3 percent of Venezuela's families can afford the vast -- the basic food basket.

Lourdes Ubieta: Child mortality has dramatically increased. More than 500,000 households live in [In Spanish], what we call like favelas. Just one out of four homes, Mr. President, as running water every day. Just one out of 10 homes as power every day. Out of 7.8 million children in the country, 40 percent report difficulties to attend school for problems with water supplies, blackouts, no food at home, lack of transport, or lack of teachers.

Lourdes Ubieta: In conclusion, around half of the more vulnerable population can complete 12 years of school or graduate, which will help in some way to reduce the risk of remaining in poverty. We are 28.4 million people because about 5 million of us are abroad. Migration made us not only fewer but older. We have more senior citizens, more fragile in terms of health and productivity.

Lourdes Ubieta: Our society, therefore, is less able to produce wealth and more in need of different ways of assistance. This is the reality, Mr. President, of six out of every 10 Venezuelan families. This number places Venezuela as the poorest country in Latin America and the Caribbean right now. Chavismo destroyed the economy, our internal capacity to produce food and basic services.

Lourdes Ubieta: It reduced the oil interests to the point that we can even produce our own gasoline. Above all this, Mr. President, transnational organized crime controls Venezuela. Drug cartels, Colombian guerrillas, international mobs, and Iranian financed terrorists operates freely under the Chavista regime with a Cuban agenda.

Lourdes Ubieta: How, Mr. President, a hungry, broken, and sick country that has tried everything to get rid of this criminal regime, bathing our streets with a blood of the youngest, our political prisoners, exiles, tortured and disappeared, under the dominions of organized crime, how can they relieve themselves by themselves from this nightmare?

Lourdes Ubieta: You have been the only president who has stood firm against these criminals. Neither President Bush, much less President Barack Obama, I have to say, who privileged his relations with the Castro tyranny by sacrificing the Venezuelan democracy, they did nothing for Venezuela to regain their footing. Venezuela is kidnapped by the organized crime.

Lourdes Ubieta: Your actions, president, are the only hope for Venezuelans who wake up every day, let me tell you, every day they wake up looking at social networks to find out if there is a new measure by Donald Trump against that genocidal regime. Other than that, Mr. President, the greatest enemy of our Christian/Jewish civilization is the Iranian regime.

Lourdes Ubieta: As you know, Mr. President, the Iranian regime is the main ally of the criminal regime in Venezuela. They are not longer in nation. They are here, 2.5 hour flight from Miami. The Iranian regime has its base on criminal operations, and that represents an imminent danger to the security of the USA and all of us U.S. citizens and Americans.

Lourdes Ubieta: Today I ask you not to leave Venezuela. Each minute that passes is one of the greatest suffering for Venezuelans. Accelerate, Mr. President, the freedom of our country. At this moment, only a leadership like yours can finally achieve the freedom of Venezuela. On behalf of the Venezuelans, my family, and my own, thank you very much.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.

Lourdes Ubieta: Thank you, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Beautifully stated. Thank you very much. We are working very hard.

Lourdes Ubieta: I know.

Donald Trump: You know that, okay?

Lourdes Ubieta: I know, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.

Lourdes Ubieta: Thank you very much. And thank you very much, Mario, Congress Mario Diaz-Balart. He has been the best friend we could -- that we can have also, the Venezuelan community. Thank you very much.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Lourdes Ubieta: Thank you, president.

Donald Trump: Great job.

Mario Bramnick: Mr. President, it's a great honor to be here to see you again. My name is Mario Bramnick. I'm a local pastor in South Florida, and we also have the Latino Coalition for Israel following your great work of moving the embassy. And you've been the best friend of Israel that Israel ever has had; also had the honor of serving on the National Hispanic Advisory Council for 2016 with Jenny Corn, and now on the advisory board of Latinos for Trump.

Mario Bramnick: I cannot express our gratitude for the sacrifice that you and your family have made for our nation. And as has been shared here, all of the enemies of America are rising in -- inside of America and globally to defeat your presidency and 2000 -- 2020. We can see, because of what God is doing in your life and over your life, it is -- it is God's hand as a modern-day Cyrus that's upon you.

Mario Bramnick: We're so grateful. I was born in Cuba, and we fled communist Cuba to come to America for the American dream. In 2016, after eight years of Barack Obama, we were afraid what we fled from was coming to the shores of America. And now we're being told that Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton are moderates compared to the new Democratic Socialist Party of the Biden, Ocasio, Sanders.

Mario Bramnick: I mean, I think we should have a -- a -- go fund trips to Venezuela and Cuba to see how good socialism would be for our nation. It's -- it's unheard of. None of us here would have ever imagined that we would be saying what we're saying here now. I mean, it's really the socialist, the anarchist, anti-Christian party.

Mario Bramnick: The -- the only good thing is that the American public has a clear description of what we're up against. The Castro government murdered my wife's father when she was five. We visited Cuba a year ago, and there's a such poverty and misery where professionals make $80 a month. There are shortages of all kinds of food.

Mario Bramnick: And they live in buildings that would be unsafe structures here in America. Thank you for cracking down on the Castro regime and reversing Obama's detente. We, as Cuban Americans, are grateful and applaud that action. Under a Biden administration, he would undo that action and begin to support the communist regime.

Mario Bramnick: Thank you. Before COVID 19, we had the best record Hispanic unemployment of 3.9 percent, lowest poverty rate amongst Hispanics, and the Hispanic median income was best than ever. We're seeing an amazing economic turnaround. And you, Mr. President, are our best hope to make America great again, again. There's no one else I can do what you did.

Mario Bramnick: And we know you're already doing it now. And I've been with you so often. I -- I -- I -- we love you. [In Spanish] I know your heart for the Hispanics. I know your heart for the immigrants. I know your heart for the African-Americans. I was with Pastor Paula a couple -- at the beginning, and I said at the end of your terms, terms, you will be known as a champion for Hispanic Americans and for African-Americans, and I believe all will know because I know your heart and your labor for our community.

Mario Bramnick: Thank you. We had the honor of being with you yesterday at the Rose Garden for your new White House Hispanic Prosperity Initiative, empowering Hispanic Americans to prosper and giving us the opportunity for each to achieve the American dream. We as Cuban-Americans loved President Reagan, many of us became Republicans during the Reagan era because of his strong stand and strong economics but I believe that you are the best President for our community in his -- in the history of our nation and we do see God's hand upon you.

Mario Bramnick: We applaud the U.S.-Mexican Trade Agreement, what you are doing with Mexico, what you are doing with Central America and I believe that Cyrus [Inaudible] over your life also in a sense the leadership in our organization we deal with heads of state in Latin America on their move of their embassy. They are all looking to your leadership, to the vice president, to this administration and really there is so much in the balance.

Mario Bramnick: And I will end with this, we were at a White House dinner and I said Mr. President, we pray for you. There is a bull's-eye on your chest and there's a terrible attack against you, your family and what you have to endure and we are praying for you, for the first lady and for your family but it's not so much an attack against you, it's an attack against the soul of our nation.

Mario Bramnick: You are what is standing between capitalism and communism. You are what is standing between prosperity and poverty, between liberty and tyranny for our nation. I would dread to think what would happen if you are not our president but I know with all that you are doing and because of God's hand upon you that we will prevail in 2020. If we lose 2020 we lose our nation.

Mario Bramnick: Our freedom of speech, our freedom of religion as was mentioned and our freedom of press and yet there's a complicit press not realizing what they are supporting. They are going to lose their own rights. It is 1776 all over again and we are here with you praying for you, mobilizing to make sure that we don't lose our nation.

Mario Bramnick: In closing thank you so much for your leadership, for your sacrifice, for your moral clarity, your bold determination, and your unwavering commitment to the Hispanic Americans, to all Americans and to our democratic ideals. Thank you so much.

Donald Trump: Thank you so much, pastor. Very nice, beautiful. Thank you. Thank you. Please?

Lorenzo Di Stefano: Thank you, Mr. President. My name is Lorenzo Di Stefano. I was born in Caracas, Venezuela and I have a bachelor degree in administrative science. In Venezuela I started my family and worked professionally in the insurance business. In the year 2000 I have an opportunity for my business to grow and political change in Venezuela was the merging so I decided to move my family to the United States under L1, L2 visa.

Lorenzo Di Stefano: The initial idea was to stay four, five years here in Miami then returned to my country but due to the political disaster in Venezuela we decide to choose an American residency and stay in Miami. I was lucky to invest in the gastronomic field which was a hobby, a hobby for me but it became reality and so I was one of the owner of [Inaudible]. As the business was growing and due to fire in [Inaudible], [Inaudible] was created and in less than a year the partnership dissolves making me the sole owner of [Inaudible]. I will share that my true feelings [Inaudible] Venezuela emerge.

Lorenzo Di Stefano: I start to participate and get more involved with the problems that my Venezuelan brother and sister live day in and day out. I always tried to help and give the best I could give from Miami. I saw how sad my Venezuelan brother and sister were of leaving Venezuela even though fleeing insecurity and hunger.

Lorenzo Di Stefano: Those who had the possibility of arriving in Miami didn't know where to go, how to invest or work. In short many of them looked for help in my business and there were always people could help them making [Inaudible] the Venezuelan [Inaudible]. Mr. President, Venezuela was a part of us, it had everything and unfortunately the mistake was made to choosing a President who could guide the country to Castro communist, [Inaudible] and drug trafficking.

Lorenzo Di Stefano: With this topic I could exceed my time therefore I want to conclude with the following. Mr. President, Venezuela is already having socialist and communist problems. On behalf of all of my Venezuelan people American Republic can I ask you not to allow this to happen to the United States of America and to please continue with more sanctions and more economic pressure on Venezuela since we all know that the humanitarian intervention is not [Inaudible] but neither impossible.

Lorenzo Di Stefano: God bless you, God bless America and thank you Mr. President and Trump for four years more.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. Thank you very much.

Paya Acevedo: Thank you so much Mr. President. I am truly honored to be here as a voice for freedom of the Cuban people and among some dear friends. Thank you Mr. President for meeting with us today, for your friendship and for standing with us, the Cuban people who wants to be free to decide our own destiny. Thank you Mr. President also for your historic actions to support [Inaudible] in Cuba and to pressure the cruel communist dictatorship.

Paya Acevedo: Our Cuban people suffer constant oppression from the socialist state. For more than six decades communist Castro regime has imposed the closure of [Inaudible] and the discrimination against any -- in the cumin who is a divergent expression. They abolished our civil liberties, our freedom of faith and of speech.

Paya Acevedo: They tried to delete our history, our faith, and our culture. The Castro regime tied the hands of the Cuban people to make us poor and dependent because communist mutilate the human soul in order to control the society and those who raise their voice in favor of freedom, in favor of justice those are risking prison and even death.

Paya Acevedo: This July 22 will mark eight years since my father [Inaudible] was assassinated by the communist regime. My father founded and led the Christian movement for liberation. He was a leader of political opposition but he was also a moral leader to thousands and thousands of people who demanded a right to have a voice and participate to change the system.

Paya Acevedo: He was the most generous man I ever met and he was killed by the communist regime. They were trying to kill his legacy because they were in fear of the faithful, in fear and the conviction of a silent majority awakening and demanding freedom. I know that they were although the communist regime was able to kill my father.

Paya Acevedo: They were not able to kill his legacy. They were not able to extinguish the resolve of our people to secure our liberation. On the contrary, our resolve is stronger than ever. We carry on his work. Our movement grows faster every day, we will not relent until we are free. We are going to finish what he and many others started.

Paya Acevedo: I am a freedom fighter but there are many of us Cuba and this table also. And I know that you Mr. President you are also a fighter for the freedom of the United States and the freedom of the world. Mr. President I invite you to join me in commemorating July 22 to honor the victims of communism in all of the Americas, to honor all of those who have fought and died defending democracy and Venezuela, and Nicaragua, in Cuba and in other parts of our continent also.

Paya Acevedo: It is important, it is vital to rise our voices to call for liberation of the [Inaudible] and to stop the impunity of the Castro regime.

Paya Acevedo: The same impunity that Castro felt when he killed my father thinking that the world was not going to react. Mr. President [Inaudible] crisis. Families are living through a deep humanitarian crisis and political repression, a crisis caused by the existence of a corrupt and criminal regime, a regime that has nothing to offer to their own people but repression and violence.

Paya Acevedo: And that's what they are implementing right now against the citizenry. People are being detained, threatened, exited from their cell phones, even physically assault, beaten up in the streets, taken to prison simply for taking a photo in the streets or posting in social media. That's a level of fear and the weakness of the Castro regime right now.

Paya Acevedo: This is why your solidarity and the humanitarian help and the economic opportunities that Cuba needs should be directed only towards the Cuban people, preventing intervention from the regime, because the repressors should be cut out. We count on you, Mr. President, to continue shutting down all of the dictatorship's sources of funding, which it uses to -- to sustain the Cuban military's apparatus of -- of oppression and its narco terrorist activities.

Paya Acevedo: Mr. President, this hemisphere has paid a high price for tolerating six decades of Castro communism in Cuba, a regime that has caused in the end of the democracy in Venezuela and in Nicaragua, and the largest refugee crisis of our lives. It is time to end it, the regime that infiltrated societies to express -- to spread chaos, hate, and division and destabilize their democratic governments throughout the hemisphere and also here in the -- in the United States.

Paya Acevedo: Throughout their use of propaganda, the communist ideology has contaminated the minds and soul of young people in Latin America and in the United States. It is time to tell them the truth. President Trump, this dictatorship threaten peace and security of the continent. As you know, they are involved in criminal and terrorist related activities, drug trafficking, trafficking persons through the communist medical brigades, corruption, providing sanitary and support to terrorists.

Paya Acevedo: Mr. President, I encourage you to indict Raul Castro, Diaz Canem, and all top officials of the regime. And very importantly, I encourage you to designate the Cuban military, its intelligence services, and the Cuban Communist Party as foreign terrorist organizations because their relation with the crime and the narco terrorism threatening the region.

Paya Acevedo: Our movement, Cuba Decides, is a national and global initiative to force the Cuban regime to submit to the will of the people and leave. It is imperative that all the nations in the free world support the Cuban people's fight for change, because the victory of the democracy in Cuba is essential to open the path to peace, prosperity, and stability in the whole hemisphere.

Paya Acevedo: Mr. President, my father, in a -- in -- in a letter to the Congress, to the United States, he said that we Cubans, we want to be free and we want to be friends with the American people. Please accept these cufflinks with a coat of arms of the Republic of Cuba as a symbol of the friendship between our two people, and also as a symbol of our appreciation for your actions and your solidarity.

Paya Acevedo: Thank you so much, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Paya Acevedo: I am looking forward to working together with you very soon for this face of a free Cuba. Thank you so much.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Well, I want to thank everybody. I will not forget what I heard today. It -- it's very moving. It's a very tough situation. And we've made a lot of progress, as you probably have seen and you know. And I have a feeling you won't be disappointed. And by the way, 2020 is very important, very important.

Donald Trump: So, good luck to everybody. Thank you. Really a good job, beautiful job I won't forget. And you have a great representative right here. So, Mario we'll be speaking, okay? Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you very much.