Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-roundtable-commercial-fishermen-maine-june-5-2020

Donald Trump: Okay. And I heard there was some controversy with respect to the current governor. She never asked me a question. By the way, you have everything right on tape. She assured I came here, because when she said I shouldn't come, I said, "Now I know I'm coming." [Laughter] I'm like Paul.

Paul LePage: You should see the crowd outside, the crowd that's gathered outside because you were coming. It's unbelievable.

Donald Trump: I hear there's a big crowd out there, huh? That's great. That's great.

Donald Trump: And you folks are going to tell me about the EU -- okay? -- with respect to their tariffs, because they like terrifying things. So you're going tell me about that -- okay? -- with regard to lobster.

Paul LePage: I would like to say one thing [inaudible], if you'd like.

Donald Trump: You'll speak. Yeah, do you want to speak in front of the press?

Paul LePage: Yeah. A lot of the Maine companies -- lobster companies -- have been forced to open up companies in Canada to send their lobster to the Far East and to Europe because we don't have an agreement with the EU. And, of course, China levied a 40 -- 40 percent tax on Maine lobster, U.S. lobster. So what they're --

Donald Trump: So easy to handle.

Paul LePage: Yeah.

Donald Trump: All you have to do is put a tariff on them and you'll have it done in about two minutes, right? And we'll talk about that. So the EU, in other words, charges a tariff --

Paul LePage: Yes.

Donald Trump: -- and, therefore, the Maine lobster people --

Paul LePage: Have to pay 20 percent.

Donald Trump: Have to pay 20 percent, is it?

Paul LePage: Right.

Donald Trump: Or 40 percent?

Paul LePage: Yes, it's 20 percent.

Donald Trump: So they have a tariff, so it no longer makes it competitive.

Paul LePage: And if it comes from Canada, Canada has an agreement with the EU, and there's no tariffs.

Paul LePage: And in addition to that, the Canadian dollar is 30 percent weaker than the American dollar, and therefore they're making a killing.

Donald Trump: I got it. That's an easy one to handle. That's, like, easy.

Paul LePage: Good.

Donald Trump: Hi, everybody. We'll talk about that. Okay?

Donald Trump: So I want to thank you all very much. We just had a big press conference at the White House. You probably saw in the Rose Garden -- the beautiful rose garden that was about 100 degrees. It's okay. And the U.S. economy added two and a half million jobs. It was supposed to lose 9 million. They were slightly off. So instead of losing 9 million -- in fact, when they read it, they thought there was a typo. When the numbers came out this morning at 8:30, they read it, and they thought that was a typo.

Donald Trump: Probably the greatest month we've ever had. I guess, if you look at the charts, we were -- we gave the charts to the fake-news media; they have them. And probably the greatest month we ever had in terms of that. And we haven't even started yet because New York is closed, which is starting to open. And California is essentially closed but starting to open.

Donald Trump: So this is the largest monthly jobs increase in American history, and that's more than double the previous record, which was a long time ago. Economists forecast that the unemployment rate would rise to over 19 percent. Instead, it fell to 13 percent. A slight difference. Right, Paul? Former governor of this great state, Paul LePage. Been a friend of mine for a long time.

Donald Trump: We added 1.2 million leisure and hospitality jobs; 464,000 construction jobs; 424,000 education and health service jobs; 368,000 retail jobs; and 225,000 manufacturing jobs. You remember, Paul, under the previous administration, they said there'd be no manufacturing.

Paul LePage: Yeah. We lost.

Donald Trump: And they didn't call that one too well either, did they? They didn't call too many things too well.

Donald Trump: The report showed that nearly 80 percent of the unemployed workers were in a temporary layoff. That's a great thing. That means they all expect to go back to work, indicating that they could quickly return. Seventy-three percent of small businesses are now open -- how about that? -- up from fifty-two percent last month. And the S&P 500 just had the best 50 days in the history of the stock market. Pretty amazing. And we've just started. We're going to have the greatest year.

Donald Trump: Next year will be the greatest year, I think economically speaking, in history for our country. Only one thing can stop it: somebody like Sleepy Joe Biden. Wants to raise taxes, open borders. They want to open the borders. Can you imagine opening borders right now? Tijuana is the most heavily infected place anywhere in the world, as far as the plague is concerned. You know the plague; it came in from China, unfortunately. Most heavily infected -- or one of the most heavily infected -- right along the border. But we built a wall. We have up to 200 miles now. More than 200 miles of wall.

Donald Trump: By the end of the year, we'll have 400 plus, and we'll have it finished very shortly. Fully financed, everything done, despite totally opp- -- we were totally opposed by the other party, as you know.

Donald Trump: But they want open borders; that would be bad. But they want to raise taxes, and that will -- that would be a disaster. So I think we're going to have a great victory, and we're going to take care of law enforcement, because law enforcement -- they're saying "defund the police." "Defund." Think of it. When I saw it, I said, "What are you talking about?" "We don't want to have any police," they say. You don't want police?

Donald Trump: First, they didn't want ICE. They do want sanctuary cities, which are a disaster. But they say they're going to defund the police. In other words, they're not going to pay police. They don't want to have any police -- the real ones.

Donald Trump: And Biden has bought into it, but he doesn't know what's going on. So, you know, he just doesn't know. But the people around him know what's going on. And they want to defund the police. They don't want to have police.

Donald Trump: So I want to thank you very much for being here. I'm thrilled to be with my friends from the great state of Maine, with leaders from the fishing, crabbing, and lobster industries. Very important industries. And you never have been treated properly, or at least for the last long period of time.

Donald Trump: We're also joined by Secretary of the Interior David Bernhardt and a very good friend of mine, former governor Paul LePage. Paul, thank you very much for being here. You did a great job running this state -- I can tell you that.

Donald Trump: As we work to fully reopen and revitalize our nation's economy, I'm doing everything in my power to support American workers, including those in Maine's amazing seafood industry. It's a big industry, but a lot of people have not been taking care of this industry. We have, and that's why we're here. We're going to take care of it even better, starting today.

Donald Trump: We were all very excited to see the blockbuster 2.5 million jobs added last month, far exceeding any expectations, not even the wildest expectations. Thought it was supposed to be down 9 million, and it was up two and a half million. I would say their estimators didn't do too good a job.

Donald Trump: Under the last administration, commercial fishermen and Maine lobstermen were suddenly informed that nearly 5,000 square miles of ocean off the coast of New England would be closed to commercial fishing, without justification. Is that right? Five hundred -- no, you got to be kidding. Is that right?

Jon Williams: That's correct, sir.

Donald Trump: So they just closed it? They said you can't fish? But let me guess: Other countries do, right? Huh? They do.

Donald Trump: This action was deeply unfair to Maine lobstermen. Threatened to cripple family businesses. It cost America's fishermen millions of dollars.

Donald Trump: So they closed 5,000 square miles of ocean off your coast, right? That's amazing, Paul. How did you let that -- how did they let that happen?

Paul LePage: Obama just used --

Donald Trump: That was President Obama. Thank you --

Paul LePage: President Obama.

Donald Trump: Through the pen. Was that done in the form of an executive --

Paul LePage: In the very last few days of this administration.

Donald Trump: Is that -- that's this?

David L. Bernhardt: You're going to fix that.

Donald Trump: We're opening it, right?

David L. Bernhardt: You're fixing it.

Donald Trump: So we're opening it today. We're undoing his executive order. Why -- why wouldn't that be -- it's ridiculous.

Donald Trump: What reason did he have for closing 5,000 miles? That's a lot of miles. Five thousand square miles is a lot. He didn't have a reason, in my opinion.

Donald Trump: All right. So we're opening it up. Today, I'm signing a proclamation to reverse that injustice, to reverse that order from the previous administration, and we are reopening the Northeast Canyons and the Seamounts Marine region to commercial fishing. Is that okay? Is that what you want? Right? [Applause]

Donald Trump: That's an easy one. For me, I can't even believe they can do a thing like that. That's a terrible thing. That's a terrible thing.

Donald Trump: So America is blessed with some of the richest ocean resources anywhere in the world -- except when they close it up -- and yet we have a 16.6-billion-dollar seafood trade deficit and import over 85 percent of the fish we consume. No wonder. You have 5,000 miles that's closed up.

Donald Trump: Who would think that we -- so we import 85 percent of the fish from other countries that are your competitors, and we have the best fishing areas in the world, I would think. Right? Is that among the best fishing areas anywhere in the world? How does it compare to other locations in the world?

James Odlin: Georges Bank is a very rich fishing area in the world.

Donald Trump: And for lobster, the best. Right?

Beth Tooley: Yes.

James Odlin: The best in the Gulf of Maine.

Donald Trump: For lobster.

Beth Tooley: And Atlantic scallops.

Donald Trump: And scallops. I like scallops. Good. We'll have plenty of scallops to eat.

Donald Trump: This is why I've taken decisive action. And we're going to send our fishermen out there. You're going to go fishing in that area now that you haven't seen for a long time. Lobstermen and seafood producers, I want to just congratulate you.

Donald Trump: Last month, I signed an executive order to begin an accelerated review and reduction of all unnecessary regulations on the seafood industry. So who's doing that, David? Who's working on it?

David L. Bernhardt: The Department of Commerce.

Donald Trump: Okay. You'll make sure that gets done, quickly.

David L. Bernhardt: Absolutely.

Donald Trump: Okay? This guy, when I give him something, it gets done. Between him and Peter, we have the right people. So, Peter, you'll make sure that -- you and David.

Peter Navarro: This is a great thing for the state of Maine. These two executive orders, together, is going to bring back commercial fishing in a big way. Sir, that is some of the most fertile fishing grounds in the entire world that's been shut off.

Donald Trump: And we've gone through all of the machinations, all of the work. So we can sign this now. It takes a while to get it done, but we're getting it done. Not easy. Because they did it in such a way that it's not easy.

Donald Trump: I ordered the formation of a trade task force that will identify opportunities to open foreign markets to our seafood exports. We're going to talk about the European Union, who constantly take advantage of us on trade. Nobody knows that.

Donald Trump: And I'm further cracking down on illegal harvested and imported seafood. That's a big deal, too, right? What does that mean, "illegally harvested"? Who wants to answer that question? Go ahead.

James Odlin: It's fish -- they call it E- -- EI fish. You know, illegally harvested fish that some countries don't enforce fisheries conservation rules. In our country, we do. So if a country is off their coast, and they don't have to go by --

Donald Trump: So they don't have the thing, so they have --

James Odlin: They don't have any rules. They can catch fish from [inaudible].

Donald Trump: So, our conservation rules -- are they overly tough or are they ridiculous? Because other countries don't have any conservation rules, right? Most other countries.

James Odlin: We -- we have --

Donald Trump: Are our rules fair and good, or are they not?

James Odlin: We have a lot of rules in place that are preventing us from harvesting sustainably some of the resources out here. The fact that -- I'm in the groundfish industry. The resources in -- off New England are at a record high.

Donald Trump: Yeah, can you talk -- can you talk a little bit --

James Odlin: The resources off New England are at record levels. Never been recorded in history that they're so high. But we're under-

Donald Trump: Meaning, the --

James Odlin: -- we're underfishing.

Donald Trump: Because you're underfishing.

James Odlin: We're underfishing them --

Donald Trump: Is that because of regulations?

James Odlin: Because of antiquated regulations that you can never get rid of something that's in place.

Donald Trump: So, are we then looking at those regulations, Peter, or not?

Peter Navarro: Yes, sir.

Donald Trump: Because let's do it.

Peter Navarro: Yes, sir.

James Odlin: That's -- that's what you've been [inaudible].

Donald Trump: I mean, we came up here for a different reason, but let's look at those.

Donald Trump: So, in other words, you have more product than we've ever had before because you're not allowed to use it. You're not allowed to fish, basically.

Paul LePage: You're not allowed to fish. And some of the problem -- and when I was the governor, I encou- -- you know, I encountered it. If you go to Commerce, and Commerce sends you to NOAA, and there's a lot of bureaucrats in NOAA that are -- really, really put on some hurtful penalties and regulations on the American -- on the fishermen.

Donald Trump: So, they were so burdensome that you can't fish.

Paul LePage: Correct.

Donald Trump: So now what's happening, it's being taken over --

Paul LePage: Or you can't afford to fish.

Donald Trump: You can't what?

Paul LePage: They're so burdensome that you can't afford to fish. They make it so that if you --

Donald Trump: Probably both: You can't fish, and you can't afford to fish.

Paul LePage: And you can't afford to fish.

Donald Trump: So let's open it up, Paul.

Paul LePage: Yep.

Donald Trump: Nobody better than Paul LePage to get this going, in my opinion. So can I ask you to work on, with --

Paul LePage: Absolutely.

Donald Trump: -- my two great guys, Peter and David?

Paul LePage: I would -- I would be more than happy.

Donald Trump: And let's open it up, okay? And we want conservation. I'm a believer in conservation. But they've gone crazy.

Donald Trump: And then, other countries, they don't have the same, so you have a much more expensive product. You have a better product, but you're not allowed to even get it, in many cases. Right?

Paul LePage: That's correct.

Donald Trump: It's amazing.

Donald Trump: So I ordered the formation of a task force. And today I did something else: I put Paul LePage in charge of trying to figure that one out, which you already have figured out, I suspect. You've been living with that a long time. And you've been unable to get previous administrations to do anything about this, right?

Paul LePage: That is correct. And it was particularly bad under the Obama administration. I spent six years at --

Donald Trump: Well, they just kept -- they kept piling it on, huh?

Paul LePage: They just kept piling it on and delay, delay, delay.

Donald Trump: And why did they do that? Just because they thought -- environmentally or something, right? Not really. Politically, they did it.

Paul LePage: It was a -- it was a little bit of a political stunt because -- unlike yourself and I, we're friends -- Obama and I were not friends. And it was very difficult to get to talk to him.

Donald Trump: Maybe he was also nice to other countries. He might have also been nice to other countries, right? Like Canada. Right? He might have been nice to other countries, like Canada.

Paul LePage: Yes, he was.

Donald Trump: So I ordered the formation of a task force -- thank you, Paul -- that will identify opportunities, open foreign markets to our seafood exports. I'm further cracking down on illegal harvested and imported seafood. That's what your problem was, right? So we're cracking down on it.

Donald Trump: I recently signed into law $300 million to help our nation's fisheries. Maine will receive $20 million. And you're going to get more than that now, as we start breaking this crazy thing up.

Donald Trump: You know, I always think of this as a great fishing state, but you're so restricted, it really stops you from being a great fishing state.

Donald Trump: I'm going to ask David Bernhardt, though, and Peter Navarro to really get involved and get this done quick. This is ridiculous. Okay? Can I do that?

Peter Navarro: Yes, sir. Yes, sir.

Donald Trump: So I want every American who works out of the ocean and works in the ocean, and fishes for all of the different things and the treasures, to let you know that we're behind you 100 percent. You do an incredible job.

Donald Trump: And we want conservation. We want good environmental practices -- very important. But we also want something that's fair to you. They've taken your livings away. They've -- I've been hearing about this for a long time, in Maine and other places up here. Let it extend to other places that are also affected.

Donald Trump: Canada is given a tremendous advantage over the United States because of the practices of the previous administration and probably others. So we're not going to let that happen. As an example, I heard that Canada doesn't have to pay a tariff going into Europe.

Paul LePage: That's correct.

Donald Trump: But you do.

Paul LePage: And we do.

Donald Trump: Okay? So --

Paul LePage: And then --

Donald Trump: -- if that goes on, then we're going to do something that's going to make -- that's going to make that look like small time.

Paul LePage: Yeah. And last year, we were sending -- or two years ago, we were sending a lot of product to China and then China put a tariff on us for 40 percent because of some of the trade issues between the two countries.

Donald Trump: Right. And what happened to the tariff? Is it on now?

Paul LePage: It's not gone down. I haven't checked lately, but you're still paying the tariffs, right? The lobster is still going to Canada. And from Canada, they go over free. But it's just an added expense to the Maine lobsterman, who also has a 30 percent disadvantage on --

Donald Trump: So you're saying China charges a 40 percent tariff.

Paul LePage: Tariffs.

Donald Trump: And how big is the tariff that the European Union charges?

Paul LePage: Twenty. Is it -- it's 20 or 22.

Donald Trump: Okay. And this country, because of stupidity, for years, hasn't charged them anything.

Paul LePage: And the funniest part of this whole issue is the Canadian lobster we're talking of and the Maine lobster come out of the same water.

Donald Trump: Are they the same lobster, would you say, basically?

Paul LePage: Yes. They're --

Donald Trump: Would you say they're equivalent, as lobster?

Paul LePage: They're equivalent. They're from the same --

Donald Trump: Is there a difference in size or --

Paul LePage: They're the Gulf of Maine.

Donald Trump: -- type? Any difference?

Paul LePage: They're coming out of the Gulf of Maine.

Donald Trump: It's the same lobster. So you're set up with a 20 percent tax that they don't have. So you -- so they have a very good thing. That's European Union, right?

Paul LePage: Yep.

Donald Trump: The European Union has ripped this country off so much, it's unbelievable.

Paul LePage: And I'll tell you --

Donald Trump: And it's so easy to solve. I'm going to call them. David, you're going to come in, write a letter, and if they don't change, we're going to put a tariff on their cars until they change. And they'll change right away, okay?

Donald Trump: It's unbelievable how badly -- you know, people hear about the European Union -- it sounds nice. They've been almost as bad, over the years, as China, in terms of trade. But nobody talks about it. There's a perfect case: Maine lobster. You understand what I'm saying?

David L. Bernhardt: Absolutely.

Donald Trump: We're going to charge an equivalent-plus tariff to them if they don't drop their tariff on your lobster and seafood, okay? And we can do that.

Donald Trump: Peter, do you agree with that?

Peter Navarro: Yes.

Donald Trump: Do you like it?

Peter Navarro: We need to strike back.

Donald Trump: Let me put you in charge of that one.

Peter Navarro: We need to strike back.

Donald Trump: That's a natural for you -- excuse me.

Peter Navarro: Yes, sir.

Donald Trump: That's a natural for you. European Union charges us a tariff; they don't charge Canada a tariff. This is for the press: So Canada doesn't pay a tariff for the same exact lobster in the same waters, but we pay a tariff. If European Union doesn't drop that tariff immediately, we're going to put a tariff on their cars, which will be equivalent -- coming in -- come in for nothing, which is ridiculous. Okay? Do you understand? It's going to be the equivalent-plus.

Peter Navarro: Yes, sir.

Donald Trump: It's going to be the equivalent-plus. Watch how fast that tariff comes off. All right? Watch how fast. It should be plus, plus, plus. Okay? I'm going to put Peter Navarro in charge of it. That's perfect for him. I'll take that one off your plate, okay?

Unidentified: Thank you.

Donald Trump: All right. Peter Navarro, you're in charge of it, all right? Thank you.

Donald Trump: We -- this country has been treated so badly on trade for so many years. We have such bad agreements. We're breaking so many of them up. It's been treated so badly, it's hard to believe.

Paul LePage: You know, Canada -- in some respects, Canada has been our worst enemy in the -- in the produce industry. We cannot send -- we cannot send --

Donald Trump: Canada has been very tough. Canada charged, in Wisconsin -- before I got up and changed it -- 287 percent tariffs on dairy products.

Paul LePage: Yeah.

Donald Trump: So, think of it. And they kept it at 287. They didn't want to make it 300 because they thought somebody might find out. And until I became President, nobody knew. I ended it. But they were charging Wisconsin and our farmers 287 percent tariffs to send dairy products to Canada. So therefore, you didn't sell and you couldn't compete.

Paul LePage: You couldn't compete.

Donald Trump: And our people didn't charge them anything.

Paul LePage: That's correct.

Donald Trump: Canada has been very tough. Very tough. You know why? Because they got away with it. That's all. Because people sitting here didn't know what the hell they were doing.

Donald Trump: Okay. But the deal has worked. You know, the new deal is a good deal. It's got rid of all that stuff. But we didn't talk about lobster. But Peter Navarro is going to be the lobster king now, okay? [Laughter] All right, Peter?

Peter Navarro: Yes, sir. We'll get after it.

Donald Trump: Hey, look, you can do it. Let's see what you can do.

Peter Navarro: Dear to my heart.

Donald Trump: Let's see what you can do.

Peter Navarro: This state right here, Maine, is dear to my heart. I spent a lot of my time here over the years.

Paul LePage: There's another vegetable that most people don't speak of and we have -- can't bring to Canada. And we're one of the -- we have a company in Maine that is one of the major growers of broccoli in the country.

Donald Trump: Broccoli. I --

Paul LePage: In the summer, they're in Maine. In the winter, they're in -- in Florida. But what has happened in the last few years is the Canadians bring their broccoli into market, they have a 30 percent advantage on the exchange rate, and so we can't sell our broccoli. And we can't send it to Canada [inaudible].

Donald Trump: Well, that's our big thing with the dollar.

Peter Navarro: That's the overvalued dollar.

Donald Trump: That's what you and I talk about. The dollar. The dollar that everybody says doesn't matter.

Peter Navarro: Yeah. [Laughs] I'd love to do that one too, sir. Make me the dollar king, too. [Laughter]

Donald Trump: You want to handle broccoli in the same way?

Peter Navarro: What's that?

Donald Trump: Is it broccoli primarily, that? That and the lobster -- or seafood, itself?

Paul LePage: There are a couple others. There's broccoli, blueberries. Blueberries, Maine was the -- used to grow 90 percent of the wild blueberries in the world.

Donald Trump: So where is it done now?

Paul LePage: Canada. New Brunswick and Quebec have got 300,000 acres on. And so, now Maine's blueberries are selling below growing cost. Yeah.

Donald Trump: And when you talked about the Obama -- to the Obama administration about this, they did nothing, right?

Paul LePage: They did nothing. I spent a lot of time at Commerce --

Peter Navarro: Let's get on this.

Donald Trump: The three -- the three things, plus the seafood. This man is -- he's a believer. He knows exactly what to do. I don't have to tell him a thing. And you guys will work on the other stuff together, okay?

Donald Trump: Any questions, by the way? Questions? There shouldn't be any questions after that. You got more than you would have ever thought.

Paul LePage: I will just make one more comment.

Donald Trump: Amazing, right?

Paul LePage: I will make one more comment, and we need your help on. As the -- as the country is reopening -- of course, right now Maine is still tied up pretty tight because we have a governor that's not reopening very fast. But as we reopen --

Donald Trump: Why isn't your governor -- why isn't your governor opening up your state?

Paul LePage: I don't know. We don't know. We --

Donald Trump: All the states are being opened, they're making a lot of money. That's why we had the good numbers today. You have a governor that doesn't know what she's doing, and she's like a dictator, you know?

Paul LePage: Yes, she is.

Donald Trump: Why isn't she opening up your state?

Paul LePage: Well, one thing that she's doing is the $600 a week that -- that the people on unemployment are getting.

Donald Trump: Right.

Paul LePage: She is allowing them to continue to collect when they're called back to work. And so people aren't coming back to work. And everybody in this room will -- knows of people --

Donald Trump: So she's taking advantage of the system --

Paul LePage: Yes.

Donald Trump: But she's not letting them come back anyway because you're shut down.

Paul LePage: That's right. But it -- the few that would -- I know of three cases last week by -- an employer told me that these three people were called back. I reported them that I have work for them, but they're still getting the $600.

Donald Trump: What would you say about that, Peter?

Peter Navarro: The -- look, this whole problem in the bill, where we're paying people to stay home --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Peter Navarro: It's --

Donald Trump: You know, it works in some states.

Peter Navarro: -- doing tremendous damage.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Peter Navarro: It's doing tremendous damage to our economy because it's keeping people home. And the longer people stay home --

Donald Trump: The Democrats wanted this. Feather bedding, okay? But the Democrats wanted it. We said it wouldn't work, and we were right.

Paul LePage: And it works --

Donald Trump: But honestly, it's good --

Paul LePage: It works in Republican states.

Donald Trump: It does work in Republican states. But the Democrats wanted it. And we negotiated -- but it's unnecessary.

Paul LePage: Correct.

Donald Trump: And it makes it overly complex. But a place like this -- you know, we're straightening -- any further legislation, we're straightening it out. And we just did PPP today. So --

Paul LePage: The legislation is -- is fine if everybody follows the rules.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Paul LePage: But if a -- if a governor decides to --

Donald Trump: But you see, she's not supposed to be doing that.

Paul LePage: That's correct.

Donald Trump: So when she doesn't do that, it's fine.

Paul LePage: That is correct.

Donald Trump: But the governor is playing cute.

Paul LePage: If you call someone back -- someone to work and they refuse to go to work, you tell the state and the state will take your unemployment away.

Donald Trump: That's right. Exactly. So she's not supposed to be doing that.

Peter Navarro: That's correct.

Donald Trump: Let's call her on that, please. Call her, legally. Not allowed to do that.

Paul LePage: The people of Maine want to work.

Peter Navarro: Yes, they do.

Paul LePage: They do not want a handout. They want to work.

Donald Trump: When is she opening the state, if ever?

Paul LePage: I think there's another move in July. There's going to be another move in July. She started opening up some of the restaurants that you can have, you know, six --

Donald Trump: Very small

Paul LePage: -- social distancing, and 50 percent.

Donald Trump: And you don't have a very big problem up here. So why is she doing this?

Paul LePage: Well, what she's afraid of -- or what she's claiming is that, in the summer -- Maine only has 1.3 million people -- but we have 40-plus million visitors a year; 30-plus million in three months. And she's afraid that if she doesn't quarantine the entire state, that these folks are going to bring the virus.

Donald Trump: Yeah, the problem is, though, those three months are your Christmas. Right?

Paul LePage: You got it. It's our season.

Donald Trump: Tiffany likes -- Tiffany likes December; you like these three months. So she's going to get rid of all of your wealth --

Paul LePage: Exactly.

Donald Trump: -- and you're never going to recover that.

Paul LePage: That is correct. And so what I've advised her to do --

Unidentified: Yeah, not good.

Paul LePage: What I've tried her to do is we -- everybody -- you can only get into Maine two ways -- well, three ways: the Canadian border, the 95, or route 2.

Donald Trump: Right.

Paul LePage: So if you put somebody at route 2, everybody that's got a foreign plate -- you know, an out-of-state plate --

Donald Trump: You check them.

Paul LePage: -- you get their name, telephone number, where they're going to be. Problem solved. If you have an uptick, you go right there.

Donald Trump: So you're giving away your tourist season this year because --

Paul LePage: That's correct.

Donald Trump: -- it's starting, right?

Paul LePage: That is correct.

Donald Trump: So you're giving away your tourist system.

Paul LePage: Yes.

Donald Trump: I mean, she must know this, right?

Paul LePage: I would think she's a bright lady.

Donald Trump: No, no, how does she do a thing like this? She's going to destroy your state. All right, look, I'm not a fan. I'm not a fan. We're going to solve your fishing problem. We're going to solve something that nobody thought was solvable. We'll solve it very easily.

Donald Trump: And, Peter, you're going to handle that other situation.

Peter Navarro: We'll got on it. Right on it.

Donald Trump: That's incredible.

Donald Trump: Would you like to say something, folks? Go ahead.

Maggie Raymond: Yes, I would. Thank you, Mr. President. It's an honor to --

Donald Trump: Thank you. It's my honor.

Maggie Raymond: It's an honor to be here to discuss with you the importance of commercial fishing to our country. I am the Executive Director of Associated Fisheries of Maine, and I have more than 30 years' experience in regional, national, and international fisheries management. And in all of that time, I have never known a President to express a concern about the wellbeing of our fishing and seafood industries.

Maggie Raymond: So thank you very much for your interest, for your executive order promoting American seafood, for this announcement that you've made today which will allow our fishermen to go back to work.

Maggie Raymond: The Antiquities Act process --

Donald Trump: And we're doing that immediately. Are we doing that as of immediately?

David L. Bernhardt: You're -- you're opening up 5,000 square miles --

Donald Trump: As of?

David L. Bernhardt: -- with the stroke of a pen.

Donald Trump: As of when?

David L. Bernhardt: The minute you sign it, we will begin planning --

Donald Trump: I better get going then.

David L. Bernhardt: And you're taking down --

Unidentified: I'll get my fishing pole.

David L. Bernhardt: You're taking down a "no fishing" sign and opening up fishing.

Donald Trump: I love that.

Maggie Raymond: The process by which this monument was established is a non-transparent process that does not allow for stakeholder input, does not -- does not produce any kind of economic analysis of the negative impacts, and prevents all of us from enjoying the benefits of our healthy marine resources.

Maggie Raymond: So, again, we appreciate that you've recognized that and are taking action to correct that.

Donald Trump: And your senators? Where were your senators for all these years? What happened?

Paul LePage: They abdicated their responsibility. They went home early this year because it's an election year, and gave all their power to our governor.

Maggie Raymond: So, in addition to the opposition from the fishing industry, the Secretary of Commerce has also heard about opposition from the regional fishery in all eight regional fishery management councils to establishing these monuments outside of the regular management process. So there has been a great deal of opposition to that. And now you're correcting that.

Donald Trump: What would you do about that?

Maggie Raymond: Well --

Donald Trump: The monuments, what would you do?

Maggie Raymond: The -- the management of fisheries within our exclusive economic zone is rightfully managed under the Magnuson--Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act. So we have a process to do that. We don't need the Antiquities Act to be establishing monuments that restrict fishing.

Donald Trump: So what do you need?

David L. Bernhardt: And you're bringing that process back.

Maggie Raymond: Well, your -- this order --

David L. Bernhardt: You're bringing that back.

Maggie Raymond: -- will take care of what -- of our immediate need.

Donald Trump: Okay, so you're going to be okay? And this is going do --

David L. Bernhardt: You're going to -- you're going to take that back.

Donald Trump: That's a big thing, right?

Paul LePage: Yeah.

Maggie Raymond: Yes.

Donald Trump: You're so lucky I'm President. [Laughter] You are so lucky. I don't even know you, and you're so lucky.

Maggie Raymond: Well, we're also looking to a pending action by the New England Fishery Management Council and the National Marine Fishery Service, which will likely be voted on sometime in the fall, which would establish a requirement for our fishing boats to carry 100 percent of observers, or at-sea monitors on all of our trips at our own expense. And this could be as much as $40,000 a year for some of our vessels.

Maggie Raymond: This is simply an expense that we cannot afford at this time, especially on the heels -- when we'll be trying to recover from this pandemic, which has had a huge impact on the commercial fishing industry in New England. We certainly cannot afford an additional expense that is totally discretionary. The law does not --

Donald Trump: What's happening with that, David?

David L. Bernhardt: That's in process.

Donald Trump: Huh?

David L. Bernhardt: That's in process at Commerce.

Donald Trump: Get it done. We'll get it done. You're not going to have to --

Maggie Raymond: Again -- again, I'm just putting it on your radar, Mr. President, so that you can deal with it in the future.

Donald Trump: So let me ask you a question: So, European Union charges you a 20 percent tariff. And is China charging a 40 percent tariff, or is that not? What's China charging? Forty?

Maggie Raymond: I -- I'm not familiar with that.

Donald Trump: Or not? Do you know, Paul?

Paul LePage: What? China, right now, is charging a tariff on Maine lobster going to China, and our --

Donald Trump: How much?

Paul LePage: -- our sales to China have gone from like 600,000 pounds to less than 100,000 pounds.

Donald Trump: So you went from 600,000 pounds -- that's the way you go -- to 100,000 pounds? So you're way down.

Paul LePage: And -- and the only way that we'll --

Donald Trump: Is that because of the tariff?

Paul LePage: Yes. What they do --

Donald Trump: Okay. So, Peter -- so, a corresponding tariff to China for -- pick a product -- a corresponding-plus, if they don't drop the tariff on Maine lobster going into China. Okay?

Peter Navarro: Yes, sir.

Donald Trump: It's very simple. And I don't mind.

Paul LePage: Yeah, the distribution companies have had to set up companies in Canada. They ship their --

Donald Trump: No, I know. That's what they do. They go through different companies.

Paul LePage: Yeah.

Donald Trump: It's called transshipping --

Paul LePage: Yeah.

Donald Trump: -- to be exact. Transship. They transship.

Donald Trump: Okay, ready?

Peter Navarro: Yes, sir.

Donald Trump: China, EU. All you do is say, "That's okay. Keep charging us and we're going to charge you a corresponding" -- on something that they sell that's very precious to them. Put a corresponding -- it should be for the same amount-plus.

Peter Navarro: Yes, sir.

Donald Trump: We'll take care of it.

Donald Trump: Go ahead.

Donald Trump: MR. O'HARA: Yeah, Mr. President --

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Donald Trump: MR. O'HARA: -- we operate a few boats here in Maine, but we also operate some scallop boats and some factory processers out in Alaska. And there is a tariff on the flatfish that's shipped into China that stays there. So if we want to ship to them and develop a market in China, they do enforce a 25 percent tariff on it.

Donald Trump: What we have available to us if they do process some of the fish, it's shipped back to the United States and there is no tariff on that coming in at this present time.

Donald Trump: So what you're saying is we don't charge them a tariff but they charge us a tariff.

Donald Trump: MR. O'HARA: That's exactly right.

Donald Trump: How stupid is that?

Donald Trump: MR. O'HARA: We're working on it.

Donald Trump: How stupid is that? Free traders -- I tell you, the free traders out there that are always talking about this -- "Oh, we're free traders." How stupid is that?

Donald Trump: So they charge us and then we don't charge them?

Donald Trump: MR. O'HARA: Yeah. Yeah, you'd be pleased to --

Donald Trump: And they get paid for doing the work, on top of everything.

Donald Trump: MR. O'HARA: Right. You'll be pleased to know that we just had a zoom meeting with Senator Sullivan last night. He's working on it. He's -- he's going to be in touch with a few people. He wanted to say hello to you.

Donald Trump: Sullivan is -- Sullivan is a good man.

Donald Trump: MR. O'HARA: Yeah. Yeah. He --

Donald Trump: Sullivan is a good man. He'll -- he'll try, but --

Donald Trump: MR. O'HARA: Yeah.

Donald Trump: -- nobody can do this like I can.

Donald Trump: MR. O'HARA: Yeah. It's like -- it's like everybody, though. We're all trying to do it --

Donald Trump: It's simple.

Donald Trump: MR. O'HARA: Yeah.

Donald Trump: It'll be done.

Donald Trump: MR. O'HARA: Thank you.

Donald Trump: It's very simple. He's good guy -- Dan Sullivan.

Donald Trump: Paul, you've said enough. [Laughter]

Donald Trump: David, do you have anything to say, real fast?

David L. Bernhardt: Well, I would like to thank you for taking the time to come listen to the fishing community. Since the moment you took office, you've been clear and consistent in your efforts to bring common sense back to the executive branch. You have done more than any President in our lifetime to bring common sense to government.

David L. Bernhardt: And when you think about it, 5,000 square miles is an area that's larger than the state of Connecticut, the state of Delaware, or Rhode Island. And the prior administration essentially put a "No Fishing" sign to these individuals with a stroke of a pen, and you're addressing it. And your effort to ensure the voices of the people are heard is deeply appreciated across the country.

David L. Bernhardt: The folks here, they go out, they brave the nation's waters, they bring an incredible natural resource benefit to the world, and they have the challenging task of facing whatever Mother Nature -- nature puts in front of them. They should not be in a situation where they're also having to fight their own government. And they needed commonsense bureaucracy, and you're bringing it.

David L. Bernhardt: And in doing so, we are not changing the boundaries of the monument, and we will remain protecting those objects that -- that need and are appropriately protected by doing this. So thank you, sir.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. And these two people will get it done. By luck, I happen to have the two right people with me. All right?

Donald Trump: Please.

Kristan Porter: Good afternoon, Mr. President. My name is Kristan Porter. I'm -- I'm a -- I'm a commercial fisherman. I've been fishing for over 30 years. I fished for about everything over those years.

Donald Trump: And you love doing that. You wouldn't switch --

Kristan Porter: No.

Donald Trump: -- for anything, even though they don't let you fish anymore.

Kristan Porter: No. Well, I -- I fish -- fish for different things. I fish for scallops now and I fish for lobster. [Laughter]

Donald Trump: But you love it, right?

Kristan Porter: Love it. It's a way of life, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: No, they love it. People love it. You wouldn't switch --

Kristan Porter: No. And --

Donald Trump: -- to be President, right?

Kristan Porter: Right.

Donald Trump: You're making a good decision. [Laughter]

Kristan Porter: So -- and I'm -- I'm president of the Maine Lobstermen's Association. And we -- we support -- the Maine Lobster fleet supports 10,000 jobs on the water and another 5,500 shore-side jobs. So that's why I'm passionate about -- about do- -- working with regulations and stuff.

Donald Trump: Excuse me, do people come in -- it must be. Other -- other countries, they must send their ships into this 5,000 big mile stretch. Right?

Kristan Porter: No. No, they can't. They can't come in through the [inaudible].

Donald Trump: Really?

Kristan Porter: Yep.

Donald Trump: So we get them out through what, the Coast Guard?

Kristan Porter: Yeah --

Donald Trump: The Navy?

Unidentified: Coast Guard.

Donald Trump: We get them out.

Kristan Porter: Yeah.

Donald Trump: So we're policing at least, right?

Kristan Porter: Yeah, right.

Donald Trump: So go ahead.

Kristan Porter: So, keeping -- keeping our nation's fisheries strong is a passion of mine. That's why I'm great -- it's great to have this opportunity to talk to you about the process of the Northeast Canyons and Seamount.

Kristan Porter: Rather than work with the constituents, who actually fish there and were most knowledgeable about the issue, like this guy right here, this -- this monument was formed in backrooms with special interests.

Kristan Porter: This policy -- this created poor policy --

Donald Trump: When? During the other administration, you mean?

Kristan Porter: Yes.

Donald Trump: Which administration? Obama?

Kristan Porter: The Obama administration did this. At the very la- -- in the last --

Donald Trump: Boy, he's done you a -- he's done -- he's done Maine a tremendous disservice, I can tell you that, just from a commonsense standpoint. How could you let a thing like this happen?

Kristan Porter: This -- this created poor policy. It hurt the fishermen. And we really worry about the precedent it sets: that you can close large areas of ocean and put all the rest of us who fish for different things in smaller and smaller boxes. So -- and that -- and that hurts everybody.

Donald Trump: So by opening up this 5,000 miles, you are just -- this is a treasure chest, huh?

Kristan Porter: It spreads -- it spreads boats, yes. Yeah. And that --

Donald Trump: Did you ever think this was going to happen in your lifetime?

Kristan Porter: No, I -- I did not. But the -- the biggest thing is, is now -- now people think when they're going to close this. They got to -- they've got to go through the process. Fishermen need to have the input into this --

Donald Trump: Right.

Kristan Porter: -- and we -- we didn't. And so -- and there's not -- it's not the only thing; there's other things. I just want to, as a lobsterman, bring up something that I -- I would be run out of town if I didn't bring up to you.

Donald Trump: Go ahead. Go ahead.

Kristan Porter: It's kind of the same situation. Our fishery is in great shape, through years and years of good management. But, despite our tremendous success, we find our industry being risked of being shut down because of the endangered right whale.

Donald Trump: The endangered white whale.

Kristan Porter: Right -- right whale. It's a r- -- and so -- and we've been in ex- --

Donald Trump: And why is that, in other words? Because you have to be so careful? What -- what is it?

Kristan Porter: Right. The entanglements and what they're -- what -- what --

Donald Trump: Is that in the same area that we're talking about?

Kristan Porter: No, it's a different area. It's -- it's along the coast of Maine. So we -- our association, our executive director has had great conversations with your staff. One of them is here today; Alex Willette is here. He's up to speed on this. You had --

Donald Trump: Just -- and go really quick because we have to leave.

Kristan Porter: Yeah, we had --

Donald Trump: Let me ask you this -- wait, wait, wait.

Kristan Porter: No. No, but --

Donald Trump: How is this --

Kristan Porter: And your friend, right here, sent you a letter, and he can bring you up to speed --

Donald Trump: Good.

Kristan Porter: -- on this. But, Governor, you've -- you sent a letter --

Donald Trump: How is the whale -- Paul, you know this.

Paul LePage: Yes.

Donald Trump: How is the whale hurting what they're doing?

Paul LePage: They're -- the right whale is not hurting them. In fact, in the last two decades, there's not been an entanglement or a death in Maine waters.

Paul LePage: Now, there have been -- they found some dead whales in the Maine waters, but they came down from where the problem area is, as we've talked about earlier: the Saint Lawrence Seaway. At the mouth of Saint Lawrence Seaway is where all the deaths and entanglement are.

Donald Trump: So how do we solve this problem?

Paul LePage: We solve this problem by going to NOAA and telling them to get reasonable about their regulations.

Donald Trump: Going to where?

Paul LePage: NOAA. They are the problem. And I've worked two years -- I've worked six years --

Donald Trump: So you know -- you know what reasonable means then, right?

Paul LePage: Yes, that's correct.

Donald Trump: Okay.

Paul LePage: That's correct.

Donald Trump: Okay, so get them done. Get them done. Right? You work that, David.

David L. Bernhardt: I'll talk to them.

Donald Trump: Okay.

Kristan Porter: We just want our voices heard in the process. That's what we want.

Donald Trump: We'll -- we'll be able to. I assume there's a good solution to that, right?

Paul LePage: Yes, there is.

Donald Trump: Okay. Work on it. And we want to protect the whale. I want to protect the whale, too.

Kristan Porter: As we do, too.

Donald Trump: As long as we can protect the whale, I'm going to do it, all right? So I'm going to leave it to you.

Paul LePage: We're in. We're in. And I will say: You said one thing that is so true about the fishermen in Maine. Maine has the only sustainable lobster fishery and certified in the world. These people will do -- bend over backwards to save the laying -- you know, those that are the layers and the youth -- I mean, they just bend over backwards. It's not robbing the bottom. And the one thing about a Maine lobster --

Donald Trump: You've been treated very badly. You know that, right? You better remember your President.

Paul LePage: I'll say, the one thing about a Maine --

Donald Trump: You've been treated -- no, you guys -- you've been treated very badly. I know what they've done to you; they've regulated you out of business. And yet, you treated the area like it was your home. I know that.

Donald Trump: Go ahead.

Paul LePage: The one thing that Washington has never understood: The Maine lobstermen is a family-owned business. It's hand-me-down from father to son for generations and generations. If father kills all the lobster, the son goes -- he's going to starve. And that's what the lobster industry is in Maine. It's the only one in the world. And Washington bureaucrats are telling us we don't know how to fish.

Donald Trump: We got it. All right?

Kristan Porter: Thank you, sir.

Donald Trump: You'll work with Paul on that.

Kristan Porter: Thank you, sir.

Donald Trump: Okay? Go ahead, please.

Jon Williams: Thank you, Mr. President. Jon Williams, owner of the Atlantic Red Crab Company. I'm going to change species a little bit; I'm in the crab business, not the lobster business.

Donald Trump: Good.

Jon Williams: I've been fishing in this area -- the 5,000 square miles -- personally, since 1995. And there were people there before I was in there. And the interesting thing is, going on Maggie Raymond's point, is the lack of transparency in the process of setting these 5,000 miles apart, the industry was never given the opportunity to get involved. It was like [inaudible].

Donald Trump: Well, not like now.

Jon Williams: Exactly. No, and we appreciate it. And on one talking --

Donald Trump: [Inaudible] knows more than the industry.

Jon Williams: One talking point, on your 2.5 --

Donald Trump: So were you stopped from fishing in the 5,000 miles [inaudible]?

Jon Williams: In that -- in that 5,000 miles --

Donald Trump: Yeah. So what -- and that's prime area, right?

Jon Williams: Well, this is -- this is the ironic part of the whole thing: They said that they had to shut that 5,000 miles down for an emergency presidential action, and I was very vocal about it, and they grandfathered me for seven more years in that 5,000 mile area. So --

Donald Trump: So is the -- when is the seven years up?

Jon Williams: We're about halfway through it.

Donald Trump: Oh, you're lucky. You just made it. [Laughter]

Jon Williams: We've had our fingers crossed since you got elected.

Donald Trump: So, is that very fertile, in terms of crabs?

Jon Williams: Yes, it's very fertile.

Donald Trump: Because nobody is taking them, right?

Jon Williams: It's the -- yeah. We harvest from Virginia, all the way to Canada.

Donald Trump: So they gave you a grandfather of seven years, and your seven years is up.

Jon Williams: Then we're out.

Donald Trump: How many people were grandfathered?

Jon Williams: It was my fishery and the offshore lobster fishery.

Donald Trump: You must be a rich guy, right? [Laughter]

Donald Trump: Now, let me as you this --

Jon Williams: I have a good banker. [Laughter]

Donald Trump: Yeah. Do you have the problem with the European Union too?

Jon Williams: I don't. I don't do very much export to Europe; most of it's domestic.

Donald Trump: Well, you can't. With the tariff, you can't.

Jon Williams: Exactly. Exactly.

Donald Trump: So you don't bother.

Jon Williams: And the other thing is, is I want to bring up that hasn't brought -- been brought up is we have a -- we have a public process that's been in place for years and years and years to protect our resources and the ocean floor. And when you gasped at 5,000 miles and how big of an area that is, since '95, I think there's been -- you'd have to correct me, but it's roughly 60,000 miles have been protected already. But they were protected in arenas like this. It included scientists, fishermen, and environmentalists.

Donald Trump: And is that wrong?

Jon Williams: That's right.

Donald Trump: So you like it?

Jon Williams: I think -- I think when you get a group of scientists and --

Donald Trump: Okay, so there you think we did the right thing?

Jon Williams: I think that, you know --

Donald Trump: Meaning, people did the right thing.

Jon Williams: I think that it's a public process, as cumbersome as that can be, and sometimes I walked out of meetings not happy with the results, but it works.

Donald Trump: But at least it went through a process.

Jon Williams: And it allows --

Donald Trump: And this did not go through a process.

Jon Williams: Zero. We had zero words.

Donald Trump: This didn't go through a process.

Jon Williams: And this one --

Donald Trump: This was done for politics. I got it.

Jon Williams: Total politics. Just one last comment on it is -- is, of course, where the industry was left to remain completely silent and not to go public, the millions of literature and propaganda and websites and everything, they were out there saying, "We need to save this 5,000 miles because this bottom is pristine, and we can't allow these fishermen in there because it's pristine." Well, we've been in there for 40 years. And so if the environmental groups can deem the place pristine and we've been operating in that area for 40 years and they can't find any evidence where we've done any damage, I would say we've been pretty good stewards of that 5,000 miles.

Donald Trump: It's great stuff down there, right?

Jon Williams: It's great stuff.

Donald Trump: Great stuff. Take care of it. All right? That's the one thing I'm asking you: Take care of it. Okay?

Donald Trump: Please, go ahead.

James Odlin: Yeah. I just wanted to -- my name is James Odlin. I've been involved in this fisheries for 50 years, off New England, both as a captain and as a vessel fleet owner. And I served on the council for nine years, helping make some of these regulations. I worked on the habitat committee issues, where we worked for many years. And then we were ready to roll. And all of a sudden, we get this order that said, "Your work doesn't matter. We're going to go ahead and just close 5,000 whole square miles." We were looking at discrete --

Donald Trump: So this is a really big --

James Odlin: -- special areas.

Donald Trump: This is a really big deal for you people, isn't it?

James Odlin: We worked long and hard on that.

Donald Trump: This is the whole deal?

James Odlin: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Wow.

James Odlin: And it -- and I just got one other thing, Mr. President. You know, I want to reiterate that the stocks of fish off New England -- groundfish -- are at historic highs.

Donald Trump: Is that because you were a stopped from fishing?

James Odlin: Because of fish -- proper fish management. The issue is: We've got millions of pounds of fish out there that are not getting caught annually, which would equate into hundreds and hundreds of jobs. And we need --

Donald Trump: So will I be allowed to go fishing in that 5,000-mile piece?

James Odlin: Sure, you could.

Donald Trump: Would you mind if I took a little boat and went fishing out there? [Laughter] Huh?

James Odlin: So we've got some regulations that are preventing us from harvesting these healthy, sustainable fish stocks, and we need help getting those regulations --

Donald Trump: Is that not being taken care of in what we're doing?

James Odlin: Well, this -- I just heard this now, that they've got -- they've asked the National Marine Fishery Services and Commerce to look at some of those regulations.

Donald Trump: You know about it?

David L. Bernhardt: Yeah, it's a Commerce issue. I'm happy to work with him on it.

Donald Trump: You're going to -- just take it over.

James Odlin: But I have some worries that they will just tweak around the edges and not really do --

Donald Trump: All right, David will take care of that.

James Odlin: I have some inside information that that's going to happen.

Donald Trump: Okay. We got it.

David L. Bernhardt: Okay.

Peter Navarro: If I may, sir, the executive order that you signed several weeks ago has very clear, direct instructions to take care of those regulations. So this President is already on this case.

Unidentified: That's right.

Peter Navarro: There is a process underway. And that gentleman across the way will ensure that the commercial fisherman of this state will be able to fish the waters here without undo regulation, full stop.

Donald Trump: So we're cutting regulations from highways and roadways to fish. That's what Peter is talking about.

Peter Navarro: Yes, sir.

Donald Trump: Go ahead. Peter, do you have anything to say?

Peter Navarro: This is the jobs President. This trip today goes and creates jobs from Brunswick and Bath, to Bangor and Guilford, all the way up and down from Bar Harbor down to Kennebunkport.

Peter Navarro: And this President is the working-class President, and this state is a hardscrabble state. It's a working-class state. And people in this state should not have to face the federal government that takes away your livelihood.

Peter Navarro: These two executive orders combined are the greatest news for commercial fishermen in the last 50 years. And this first order will clear off the decks of undo regulation. The second order, as soon as he signs that and gives away the pens to all you folks here, will set free the fishermen of this state. It's a great day.

Donald Trump: Well, they took your lives away. They took your livelihood away from you. So that's good. Good. Thank you, Peter. [Applause]

Peter Navarro: Yes, sir.

Donald Trump: Well said.

Donald Trump: Please, go ahead.

Beth Tooley: Thank you, Mr. President. First, I just wanted to thank you for coming to the state of Maine to talk to our commercial fishing industry. As was pointed out already, it is a first, and we truly appreciate it.

Beth Tooley: And we also appreciate the action you're taking today. I don't think there's a single industry person around this table that disagrees on the need for it, and why it is so important. So, thank you very much.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Beth Tooley: My name is Mary Beth Tooley. I am the government affairs manager for the O'Hara Corporation out of Rockland, Maine.

Beth Tooley: I brought the boss with me today. He's on the other side of the table: Frank O'Hara, Jr., president of a family-held company, as I said, in Rockland, Maine. And I know that he spoke already. He provides an awesome history of a family-held company that started in 1907, in T-Wharf in Boston, Massachusetts, has been present here in the state of Maine since 1944, and is definitely multi-generational. He has sons coming up and grandchildren being born. And the goal of the company is to maintain --

Donald Trump: Good. Well, now they have a place, right?

Beth Tooley: -- sustainable fish.

Donald Trump: Now they have a place.

Beth Tooley: So I didn't know, Frank, if you wanted to add anything to that before I go on?

Beth Tooley: MR. O'HARA: What's that?

Beth Tooley: Do you want to add anything on -- on that before I go on?

Beth Tooley: MR. O'HARA: No, no, you got it. [Laughter] You know, we've -- we've been around for a while, and we've gone through wars, depressions. We've gotten through overfishing from the foreign coun- --

Donald Trump: But this was the worst thing that you've been through, I'll bet, right? What happened you when they took this away, this --

Donald Trump: MR. O'HARA: Didn't affect us as much as it would have affected Jon, but it will -- it will affect us, because once they take one mountain or one canyon, they'll take another one and another one. They'll go over to the West Coast --

Donald Trump: Are you involved in that area, the 5,000 miles?

Donald Trump: MR. O'HARA: We -- we used to be, but we're not. We do scalloping, which is more to the south of that. So our scallop boats, which is replicated by that model over there, we -- we do some scallops but mostly it's crap and lobsters out that way. We're -- we're flatfish --

Donald Trump: Is that a new boat?

Donald Trump: MR. O'HARA: It is.

Donald Trump: Like a -- and so that's occurred --

Donald Trump: MR. O'HARA: It was a new boat built down in [inaudible].

Donald Trump: So they look -- they look pretty old, right? There's a lot of design talent there, huh?

Donald Trump: MR. O'HARA: Yeah. Yeah, they got the new bulbous bow and a Kort nozzle. It's a -- it's lower carbon footprint. We're building another boat starting next year.

Donald Trump: How much is the boat? How much -- brand new, how much does that boat cost?

Donald Trump: MR. O'HARA: Just under $4 million.

Donald Trump: How much?

Donald Trump: MR. O'HARA: Just under $4 million

Donald Trump: It's the real deal, right?

Donald Trump: MR. O'HARA: Yeah. Yeah.

Donald Trump: Very good. Okay, good. Well, you're in good shape. Thank you very much.

Beth Tooley: So, if I could -- excuse me, I'm sorry. I just had --

Donald Trump: Go ahead, please.

Beth Tooley: But I just wanted to say very briefly, because I don't need to be repetitive. I'm a former member of the New England Fishery Management Council and served for -- for nine years on that council. And so you here -- have here around the table current members of the council, past members of the council.

Beth Tooley: Most of our industry people have all served as advisory panel members to councils, committees -- and we hope one former council member as well. And, you know, as -- the public process, I think people have outlined why we think it's so important and -- and we certainly do endorse that. And I will leave it at that. Thank you again.

Donald Trump: Okay. Thank you very much. Good job.

Donald Trump: Please.

Terry Alexander: Hi. I'm Terry Alexander. I own Jordan Lynn Incorporated. It's a commercial fishing company. And I base all my comments on trying to convince you to sign that executive order. So they're -- they're pretty moot right now. But I would just like to point out some of the highlights on it and then maybe touch on some ideas.

Donald Trump: We'll go quickly. [Inaudible]

Terry Alexander: Okay. Okay. So thank you, Mr. President, for supporting our nation's fisheries and fishing communities. These -- these monuments, even though they're south of New England, they push people, they displace people, and they're affecting the entire fleet all the way to shore. So it's a good thing to open up area to let --

Donald Trump: So that gets solved.

Terry Alexander: Right. Yeah. So the --

Donald Trump: Excuse me. Are there media from Maine here? Who's -- who's -- are you liking what we're doing? Huh? You can say. Yes, you do? Anybody else from Maine? From the area? They -- they all come up from Washington, unfortunately.

Question: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: Okay. Go ahead.

Terry Alexander: Yeah, so -- so you -- that's already done, so I'm going to -- I'm going to touch on a couple ideas of how -- how the Canadians -- how it's not fair for the Canadians, the way we have comp- -- we compete against the Canadians off shore.

Donald Trump: All right, tell me about that one.

Terry Alexander: All right, so we -- we try to get haddock. Different size, same fish. We -- we negotiate with the Canadians every year.

Donald Trump: And how do you find negotiating with them?

Terry Alexander: They're pretty good. I'm on the TMGC. I'm on the New England Fishery Management Council. I'm in my eighth year there. They've been good. And we nego- -- we negotiate every year. And they catch -- they catch their entire quota almost every year. We catch 10 percent of our quota every year.

Donald Trump: What's the difference in the size of the quota?

Terry Alexander: Well, we're about even on haddock and --

Terry Alexander: but it's -- it's because of our regulations over here. Our mesh size is the wrong size for catching haddock over here. So, you know, that -- that needs to be fixed. And we can get that stuff done through the council. But the -- we need that stuff done through the council.

Terry Alexander: [The President passes a piece of paper]

Donald Trump: You can sell that on Ebay tonight.

Terry Alexander: [Laughs] I won't sell it.

Donald Trump: Go ahead.

Terry Alexander: But, you know, we can fix that through the council. We just need the incentive of D.C. pushing that stuff -- that kind of stuff through.

Donald Trump: We'll get that done. And you're working on that.

Terry Alexander: Yeah. So --

Donald Trump: We'll get that done.

Terry Alexander: Yeah.

Donald Trump: It's an honor to be doing what we're doing. I mean, you people -- basically, they took away your livelihood. It's ridiculous. They took away your life.

Donald Trump: Wait a minute. One second. I'm going to sign this for you. Here. Whoever wants this, here. Take that.

Donald Trump: So come on around real quick and we're going to sign this up. And take one of these. You can hand that out.

Beth Tooley: Thank you very much.

Donald Trump: Maybe do a little room, I guess. Congratulations. Come on, David. Come on, Peter.

Donald Trump: So we're giving Maine back a big part of its history, a big part of its industry, and we're giving you back your fishing rights to 5,000 miles of -- square miles -- that's a lot. Boy, that's a big chunk. That's a big chunk of water, isn't that right?

Donald Trump: So, do very well. Say hello to the people of Maine. They're great people. They were very nice to me, I'll tell you that. And I appreciate it very much, but I know you appreciate it much more than I do because you're getting a lot more than I am. Okay? So good luck everybody.

Donald Trump: [The executive order is signed]

Donald Trump: And they're going to work on those other things with Peter and David. Okay? [Applause]