Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-coronavirus-survivors-april-14-2020

Donald Trump: Well, thank you very much, everybody. This is a group of people who, in many cases, became quite famous because they went through a lot having to do with the coronavirus. A tremendous amount. And a lot of them were covered, and we know them from the media. They've all got very interesting and very different stories to tell.

Donald Trump: And I thought what I'd do is I'd go around the room. It's an honor to have them at the White House. And they really are -- they're very brave. Some were right at the edge; they thought it was over. This is a rough -- a rough plague. I call it the "plague." I call it the "scourge." I call it whatever you want to call it. It's rough. It's bad.

Donald Trump: And a woman that I've really found fascinating, and she's from a state that's a great state and a city that's been hit very hard -- really, very, very hard -- Detroit. Highly respected. She's a political person. She doesn't happen to be a Republican, and that's okay. When things aren't going good and you get a little help from a Republican, we'll take that too.

Donald Trump: But your story was just a fa- -- just a fantastic story. And we're going to go around the room, each of you. This man was an NFL football player for 10 years, a friend of Tom Brady. And he was hit hard.

Mark Campbell: Yes, sir.

Donald Trump: And you weren't so strong when you got hit by that. That literally --

Mark Campbell: No, I didn't feel strong at all at that point.

Donald Trump: Yeah. You were -- you were not -- you were saying you were not -- you didn't feel too powerful.

Donald Trump: So, if we could, we'll go around the room. And if we could start with you, Representative. And congratulations. It's an incredible story. Thank you.

Karen Whitsett: Thank you, Mr. President, and thank you, Mr. Vice President. It's such an honor to be here, and it's such an honor to be here amongst all of you survivors.

Karen Whitsett: I just can't say how wonderful it is to see your face. And thank you for everything that you have done.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Karen Whitsett: I did not know that saying "thank you" had a political line. I didn't know that.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Karen Whitsett: I thought just saying "thank you" meant "thank you." And I do. I sincerely appreciate that, because had you not brought this to the forefront of -- the HQ -- of being able to put this out here, I wouldn't be here today to even have this conversation with you and to be able to talk about the needs of Detroit and talk about the people who really need this. And they need help.

Donald Trump: Right.

Karen Whitsett: And you're here to address that. And I sincerely appreciate that from the both of you, from the bottom of my heart, and from the people of my city.

Donald Trump: Well, you were so incredible, as a representative, both in terms of how you got better and what you went through. And your husband sounds like a great gentleman. He went down there and he took care of things, right?

Karen Whitsett: Yes, he did.

Jason Whitsett: Yes, I did. Yes, I did.

Donald Trump: That means he loves you. Because some husbands would say, "Egh, let's not bother." [Laughter]

Karen Whitsett: Yeah. Got the great insurance policy. [Laughs]

Donald Trump: He will do whatever he has to do, right?

Karen Whitsett: Yes, he did.

Donald Trump: So that's -- and that was late in the evening you did that, right?

Jason Whitsett: Late in the evening.

Donald Trump: And we had the drugstores stocked with the medicine, and that's fantastic.

Donald Trump: Why don't you -- why don't you say what got you to go late in the night to the drugstore?

Jason Whitsett: What got me to go late at night -- we were trying to do everything we could. She's real sick, so we kind of -- kind of in a panic. And she's making phone calls. And once we got the doctor to put in the script --

Karen Whitsett: Dr. Arsiwala.

Donald Trump: Oh, I see.

Jason Whitsett: That's when we -- I went to get it around 10 o'clock.

Donald Trump: The doctor did a good job?

Karen Whitsett: Dr. Arsiwala is amazing. He is a world-renowned doctor in the state of Michigan.

Donald Trump: Was he a doctor from a hospital or a local doctor? Or --

Karen Whitsett: He's a doctor -- a local doctor. But he is --

Donald Trump: Great.

Karen Whitsett: -- in charge of the AMA in Michigan. And he has nine urgent care clinics, and he has been on Fox with me as well.

Donald Trump: That's fantastic.

Karen Whitsett: But Dr. Arsiwala is amazing.

Donald Trump: That's fantastic.

Karen Whitsett: And he has taken care of my family as well. And I've lost several family members to COVID --

Donald Trump: No kidding.

Karen Whitsett: -- all in one household. My cousin, Cheryl Fowler, was in ICU. She lost her husband. He was turned away from numerous hospital, as was she, over four times. And within six hours, she lost her father-in-law, who was turned away numerous times. Her whole family had to be tested, which are seven family members.

Donald Trump: Right.

Karen Whitsett: And of those seven family members, she's had three of those test positive, and that is her children that have tested positive.

Donald Trump: How are they doing? How are they doing?

Question: Thanks to Dr. Arsiwala and what you have done, they're doing great. But it can't be just --

Donald Trump: So they took the hydroxy then?

Karen Whitsett: Yes, they did. But it can't be just based on my name --

Donald Trump: Yeah. Right.

Karen Whitsett: -- and your name.

Donald Trump: Right. That's right.

Karen Whitsett: It needs to be something that's readily available to everyone in the city of Detroit.

Donald Trump: Well, I hear that the governor has gone all out for it, from being totally opposed to it. Now she's all out for it. So that's what I'm hearing. So that's a good thing. I think it's a good thing.

Karen Whitsett: It's a great thing.

Donald Trump: So you might have said, when you started that walk or run, "What the hell do I have to lose?" Right?

Jason Whitsett: Yeah.

Donald Trump: You know my expression, "What do I have to lose?"

Jason Whitsett: I thought about that -- what you said. Yeah.

Donald Trump: Because she was in bad shape. And I understand.

Donald Trump: Congratulations.

Jason Whitsett: Thank you.

Donald Trump: It's an incredible story.

Jason Whitsett: Thank you. Thank you.

Donald Trump: And I like Democrats. I especially like this Democrat, though, for just using her beautiful -- you have a beautiful presence. And you're a beautiful couple. And thank you for coming.

Karen Whitsett: Thank you. Thank you for having us.

Donald Trump: I have a feeling she's going to go very much up. She's a good representative right now, but I have a feeling, politically -- do you have any further political ambitions, do you think?

Karen Whitsett: I actually did not even aspire to be a state representative, to be perfectly honest. So --

Donald Trump: I don't know, I may have to cross party lines. [Laughter] I may have to work with her and cross party lines. Thank you very much.

Karen Whitsett: Thank you, sir.

Donald Trump: A great honor to have you.

Karen Whitsett: Thank you. It's an honor.

Donald Trump: Thank you both.

Donald Trump: Please, tell us your story.

Carl Goldman: My story is, we were on the Diamond Princess, so ground zero. And I didn't get the virus there, although I tested positive there; didn't learn about it until later. We were flown back, thanks to you. We were flown back by the State Department to first --

Donald Trump: That was a bad one. Nobody would take the Diamond Princess.

Carl Goldman: Yeah.

Donald Trump: No other country would take it. Nobody wanted it. It was like -- you know, they called it a "ghost ship." Not good. So we took it.

Carl Goldman: We were stuck there. It was like we were on a floating petri dish --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Carl Goldman: -- and we were watching bodies get off daily, off into ambulances, taken out one by one. A total 750 of us over time were taken out. We were more than double the amount of outbreaks, if you added everyone in the world at the time, other than China -- and China wasn't giving us any information. If you added all that up, we doubled the amount of people who had the virus.

Donald Trump: How many people died, ultimately, on the ship?

Carl Goldman: The ship was -- 11 people have died from the Diamond Princess.

Donald Trump: Eleven people. Incredible.

Carl Goldman: And so, on the plane ride back, on the 747 military plane, I woke up with a high fever -- over 103. They put me in a quarantine area next to -- with about eight other people. We landed in Sacramento, at Travis Air Force Base. And then they saw me and saw I had a condition -- a precondition of Guillain-Barré syndrome, 67 years old --

Donald Trump: Oh, you did have a precondition.

Carl Goldman: I had a precondition.

Donald Trump: And that's a big one.

Carl Goldman: So they flew me. They had three of us in quarantine. And my wife and two others, who never -- who didn't have the virus -- and my wife never got the virus. She should be the one studied right now. I was flown to --

Donald Trump: So you were together? No six-foot thing, no nothing? You were together and you didn't catch it? Wow.

Jeri Seratti Goldman: They just started taking, yesterday -- Providence Health and Services, on the West Coast, just started to do a study.

Donald Trump: A study on you?

Jeri Seratti Goldman: Both. Well, they're using --

Carl Goldman: Both of us.

Donald Trump: Who needs him? We don't need him. We need you. [Laughter]

Jeri Seratti Goldman: They do. They're hoping to create a vaccination.

Donald Trump: That's incredible. You think maybe you had it before and there's an immunity, without knowing it?

Jeri Seratti Goldman: I don't think so. But we'll find out.

Donald Trump: Yeah. So you didn't see it at all. Wow, that's fantastic.

Carl Goldman: I don't think she had a --

Donald Trump: You know what they call that? A strong woman. Right?

Carl Goldman: Oh, believe me, I know that.

Donald Trump: No, it's amazing, to be together like that --

Carl Goldman: Yeah.

Donald Trump: -- and to not catch it.

Carl Goldman: Yeah. Not only that. We had two friends -- so we were going back and forth in each of our cabins. They got exposed. They got the virus. We were stuck on --

Donald Trump: How did they do? How did they do?

Carl Goldman: They did great. They came out great. We were stuck on a bus for six and a half hours with people with the virus on the plane. People had the virus -- she sat next to a husband of a couple who got married on the Diamond Princess. They were in their forties. And the wife was next to me in the special quarantined area on the plane, and the husband was next to her, coughing away when we --

Donald Trump: How did you feel? Did you feel comfortable? [Laughter]

Jeri Seratti Goldman: I put a blanket over my head.

Donald Trump: What did you do? Did you cover your head or something?

Jeri Seratti Goldman: Well, I put a blanket over my head because we were so cold. And the smell from the toilets -- the two portable toilets on the plane -- was so bad.

Donald Trump: Oh. And that was on a plane?

Jeri Seratti Goldman: That was on the cargo planes that you guys had sent for us.

Donald Trump: The cargo. And then you had the bus.

Jeri Seratti Goldman: Well, the bus was first, so that was a very long process getting off the bus.

Donald Trump: So that no pleasure either.

Carl Goldman: No.

Donald Trump: And these people had it --

Jeri Seratti Goldman: Yes.

Donald Trump: -- a lot of these people.

Carl Goldman: Right.

Donald Trump: That's amazing [inaudible].

Jeri Seratti Goldman: And if they didn't -- like, our friend from St. George who did not have it on the boat, but tested four days later at Fort Travis. So he either got it on the plane or on the bus.

Donald Trump: Do you think it brought -- you two, you two -- do you think it brought you together, closer? Or --

Karen Whitsett: Absolutely.

Jason Whitsett: Yeah. Absolutely.

Donald Trump: You could see -- you could see it, you know?

Karen Whitsett: Absolutely.

Donald Trump: It brings you together. Does that make any sense?

Carl Goldman: Absolutely.

Jeri Seratti Goldman: We were separated for five weeks.

Carl Goldman: In Omaha. That's right. Yeah, five weeks. Because I was in the biocontainment area in Omaha, and then to a lower level of containment.

Donald Trump: And you were very sick at one point, right?

Carl Goldman: Just -- just the first day on the plane. I had the 103 fever. By the time I got to Omaha, I was okay. I still had symptoms. I still had a cough that stayed with me for about two and a half weeks. I had shortness of breath for about four or five days.

Donald Trump: How bad was that shortness of breath? Was it -- was it noticeable?

Carl Goldman: It was not noticeable when I was lying in bed. But if I got up and walked around the room, if I walked around the room and talked on the phone at the same time, trying to multi-task, that was impossible to do.

Donald Trump: Really?

Donald Trump: How about you? You had shortness of breath too, I read. Right?

Karen Whitsett: Yes.

Donald Trump: So how bad was that? The shortness.

Karen Whitsett: The shortenings of -- the shortening of breath is what really got me afraid because I do have Lyme disease. And thank you for always mentioning about Lyme disease.

Donald Trump: Yeah. Yeah. No, Lyme disease is a big deal.

Karen Whitsett: Thank you for always bringing that to the forefront.

Donald Trump: Do you think you still have Lyme disease?

Karen Whitsett: I do. I have chronic Lyme disease because I was never treated in time.

Donald Trump: Can that be -- can you get rid of it?

Karen Whitsett: I'm hoping that we'll talk about that.

Donald Trump: Lyme disease is a thing that people don't talk about. It is a brutal --

Karen Whitsett: It is brutal.

Donald Trump: And if you have a certain type of blood, you have no chance.

Karen Whitsett: It's brutal. It's brutal. And then, on top of having COVID-19 with it, it is a nightmare.

Donald Trump: Incredible.

Karen Whitsett: But the breathing is what scared me the most. And it came -- I went from 0 to 100. It was from getting tested that day on March 31st to trying to do a few things around the house, to just all of the sudden my breathing became labored.

Donald Trump: So you actually had a hard time breathing.

Karen Whitsett: Oh, yeah. I was afraid -- I was afraid for my life. And until anyone has been in that person's shoes, until you have walked that walk, and sitting there knowing that the hospitals near you are full -- the very two hospitals that are near you, that you have access to, that you cannot get into.

Donald Trump: Do you think, in retrospect, you were better staying home?

Karen Whitsett: I was better.

Donald Trump: You know, because those hospitals are -- they can be crowded.

Karen Whitsett: And I -- and I didn't know what my status was. So, can you imagine? You don't know what your status is, and if you could get into a hospital -- and, in a way, I was filling up with fluid. My lungs -- my breathing being labored. I felt, if I didn't get that medication -- it was either the medication or die.

Donald Trump: So you thought you were going to die.

Karen Whitsett: I honestly felt I was going to die. And like I tell people, I'm telling my story. I'm telling my truth. I'm not telling anyone else's story. I'm not telling anyone else what to do. I'm telling my story and my truth, and this is how I feel and these are my words.

Donald Trump: Well, I'm not going to speak for her, but I don't see her voting for Sleepy Joe Biden. [Laughter] I don't -- I'm not going to ask her that question. But if she votes for Sleepy Joe, I'd be surprised, okay?

Donald Trump: Anyway, incredible story.

Karen Whitsett: Thank you, sir.

Donald Trump: It's such a great story. Thank you. But your wife --

Karen Whitsett: You're unbelievable.

Donald Trump: We're going to keep your wife around, right? We'll keep her around and figure out what's --

Karen Whitsett: She is unbelievable.

Donald Trump: -- what's in the veins, right?

Karen Whitsett: She is unbelievable.

Donald Trump: That's fantastic. Great. Great stories. Thank you both very much.

Donald Trump: Please, go ahead.

Darshin Patel: Yeah. So, I mean, I consider myself a relatively healthy individual. I probably get sick once every couple years.

Donald Trump: Right. That's good.

Darshin Patel: You know, and to think that I had something like this was very -- kind of surprising. And I think that to think that you have a virus after being such a healthy individual, you kind of --

Donald Trump: Do you know where you caught it?

Darshin Patel: So I travel a lot, and I had the flu a little bit. And so I think my immune system was compromised while I was traveling, and it could have been just kind of community transfer.

Darshin Patel: So it's been a -- just accepting that I had it, I think, was the very hardest part. But then, for something like that to take me down for almost eight days of fever and then three days of shortness of breath --

Donald Trump: How bad were you?

Darshin Patel: I've never felt this bad in my most recent recollection. I think that --

Donald Trump: So the -- compared -- you said you've had the flu a number of times. How did you compare this to the flu?

Darshin Patel: Never felt these symptoms before, for this long.

Donald Trump: So a bigger, better, much worse event for you.

Darshin Patel: Yeah. And I only took Tylenol the entire time. I took a lot of it. I think the most frustrating part, honestly, was trying to get a test. I think that going to numerous places and being turned away by a sign on the door that says, "Don't come in here if you have these symptoms," I think that was a little --

Donald Trump: And when was it? When was it?

Darshin Patel: This was early March. So I think part of the challenge was there was a lot of people saying a lot of different things, and kind of knowing what to believe, where to go. You kind of go in circles a lot. You --

Donald Trump: When did you find out, officially, that you had it?

Darshin Patel: I think on March -- probably about seven or eight days into my fever, I found out. So I got the test eventually. And it's kind of interesting. There was like certain key words that, when you say those at an ER, they automatically treat you differently.

Darshin Patel: And so, for me, it was more of like an education for a lot of my friends and family --

Donald Trump: So, okay. So, what were the words?

Darshin Patel: For me, it was more of "I have a fever" and that I had been in San Francisco. And those two, basically --

Donald Trump: Did -- did that make them treat you better or worse? Or did the -- or did they treat you like you had the COVID?

Darshin Patel: They treated me like I had COVID. So they sent me outside of the ER to make sure that I don't, kind of, become contagious and infect other people. And I waited out for a little bit, and then they came in and they swabbed me and stuff like that.

Darshin Patel: So they did, kind of, take me a lot seriously, and they got me a test, they got me an influenza test. So I think it's one of those things that there's a lot of unknowns. There's a lot of questions as to who to test, who not to test. And I think, at that time, there was a lot of -- a lot of people providing recommendations. And some of them were conflicting --

Donald Trump: Did you ever think you were going to die?

Darshin Patel: The -- so, when I got the news that I had COVID, I think I had anxiety because there was so much going on. And I think that kind of accelerated my shortness of breath symptoms. And the second day, I kind of felt that, you know, something was wrong, I need to go in the hospital.

Darshin Patel: I didn't necessarily think I was going to die, but I've never felt this bad before, and I think I needed medical attention.

Donald Trump: So, if it got worse, you would have been in deep trouble.

Darshin Patel: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Did you have a problem with your breathing?

Darshin Patel: I did. I got a pulse oximeter. And just having one of those and knowing that your oxygen levels are normal, it's like a, kind of, confidence builder that, you know, you're not going downhill. But --

Donald Trump: What -- what was it showing, the meter?

Darshin Patel: Mine was always above 95 percent.

Donald Trump: So, you -- you looked okay, but you still felt a shortness of breath.

Darshin Patel: Yeah.

Donald Trump: And so when did you get better?

Darshin Patel: Probably around day 11, I had gotten better.

Donald Trump: That's a long time, isn't it? It lasts a long time.

Donald Trump: But you got better quickly.

Karen Whitsett: After the medication though.

Donald Trump: After the medication.

Karen Whitsett: It was -- it was a long time. It was a long road.

Darshin Patel: I think just letting people know --

Donald Trump: Amazing we can't get people to officially -- you know, if somebody else endorsed that medication, it would be great.

Karen Whitsett: I think you'll have a lot of endorsements if we get a lot done in Detroit.

Donald Trump: Yeah. No, if -- by the way, we have tremendous endorsements. But if it were somebody else other than President Trump that put it forward -- if some other person put it forward, they'd say, "Oh, let's go with it." You know.

Donald Trump: What do you have to lose? They've been taking it for 40 years for malaria, which -- by the way, it's an unbelievable malaria pill. Unbelievable lupus pill. Unbelievable. In fact, the problem we had is people with lupus --

Karen Whitsett: And with Lyme disease.

Donald Trump: Huh?

Karen Whitsett: And with Lyme disease. It was [inaudible] with Lyme disease.

Donald Trump: And with -- I heard Lyme disease, too.

Karen Whitsett: Yes.

Donald Trump: No, it's an un- -- it's very powerful. But it's incredible because there's so many stories like yours. It's not just -- I actually haven't heard a bad story, if you want to know the truth. You know, normally, you'd hear some good ones, some bad ones, and you'd still give it a shot. I haven't heard a bad story.

Donald Trump: So it's a -- it's pretty amazing, actually. But that's okay. The word is out. You know, the people get it; these people don't get it -- the media. But the people get it.

Donald Trump: Anyway -- well, that's a -- that's a great story. So you're feeling good now?

Darshin Patel: Yeah.

Donald Trump: You're going to conquer the world as a young, handsome guy? [Laughter] How old are you?

Darshin Patel: Thirty-four.

Donald Trump: That's great. You have a great life ahead of you. Congratulations. Great job.

Donald Trump: So, I've seen this man.

David Mangan: My -- my story is unlike a lot of these people here. My wife is with me. We both were in Colorado, came back to Arkansas. And, on the following Monday, we had our -- mostly her -- flu-like symptoms. I felt a little bit bad, fatigued, but my symptoms were not bad. I was diagnosed because I took her to the doctor on Tuesday and he -- the doctor had enough intuition to look at me and could tell that something was wrong.

Donald Trump: This is your doctor? Your doctor you know?

David Mangan: My local primary care -- hers. And I was in the room with her.

Donald Trump: To me, they look like a very wealthy couple. Do you agree? [Laughter]

Unidentified: Sure do.

Donald Trump: I think they're loaded. You know, they've got their own doctor deal going. [Laughter] But that's okay.

Rachel Mangan: Don't judge a book by its cover.

Donald Trump: That's good. They took their little ski trip, you know. That didn't work out too well. [Laughter]

David Mangan: So I think the scary thing about me, because I -- he tested me and I was positive. She also was positive. But I didn't -- I never had fever. I never had respiratory issues. I did have the body aches, the chills. I felt, overall, bad. But in general, I would have gotten up that Monday morning if she had not been sick, even though I felt bad. I would have gone to work. I would have continued on my daily routine. And I'm fearful that maybe --

Donald Trump: What do you do?

David Mangan: I work in sales for a pharmaceutical company.

Donald Trump: Good. Good.

David Mangan: So my fear is that people are not exhibiting symptoms but they've --

Donald Trump: But your wife showed much worse -- had a much harder time?

David Mangan: Yes. Yeah. She was bad, but --

Donald Trump: How bad? How bad did you get?

Rachel Mangan: Well, not as bad as some of these, but definitely with that shortness of breath, which actually came later, which is another thing that's interesting.

Donald Trump: And that's scary, right?

Rachel Mangan: It is. And the first few days, I just had a really bad headache and fever -- low fever, 100.4, enough to make you feel bad -- and the chills and the aches. And that lasted about five, six days. And then I thought I was -- I was telling people, "I'm fine. You know, it was just kind of like a bad flu. It's not that big a deal." And, you know, still in quarantine and everything, but it was the second week that then the respiratory hit.

Donald Trump: You mean it came back? So you almost felt you were better, and then it came back?

Rachel Mangan: Oh, yeah. I told people, "I'm 100 percent." I mean, not released, but felt -- felt strong enough. And then was hit hard -- I think it was like, that next Wednesday. And then the shortness of breath and the -- and I also got a pulse ox, which did make me feel better. But just -- it came in waves. I mean, I had three probably different waves and tested positive again after a month. And I am negative now. But -- you know, it's --

Donald Trump: How long did it take all together?

Rachel Mangan: Over a month. We were --

Donald Trump: Over a month?

Rachel Mangan: We were positive on the -- the 12th.

David Mangan: The first symptoms were March the 9th.

Rachel Mangan: Yeah. The first symptoms were the 9th and I didn't test negative until the -- five days ago.

Donald Trump: That's incredible. How are you now?

Rachel Mangan: I'm great.

Donald Trump: Would you say 100 percent?

Rachel Mangan: I would say 85.

Donald Trump: Stay away from me, please. [Laughter] Stay away. Keep her away.

Rachel Mangan: Yeah, it's --

David Mangan: But the people that we were with in Colorado, every adult was positive with COVID-19. And when we returned, we visited friends. They --

Donald Trump: How did they all do? How did they all do?

David Mangan: So far, everybody is fine. No one has gone into the hospital. And I think they're working with us, doing the things we're doing. We're donating blood, when necessary. I've done convalescent plasma as well.

Donald Trump: It seems to be very important. A lot of people, when they recover, they want to donate blood because, you know, your blood is very good for this, right?

David Mangan: Absolutely.

Donald Trump: According to every study we have, it's good. And the only question is it for one year or is it for a lifetime? Could be. You know, the measles and things, where it's for a lifetime, they say. But it's going to be interesting. We just don't know because it hasn't been here long enough. It could be for a lifetime.

Donald Trump: Well, that's great. So you donated blood?

David Mangan: I actually did convalescent plasma.

Donald Trump: That's good. That's good. That's fantastic.

David Mangan: And hopefully that will be a very promising option.

Donald Trump: Congratulations. And you'll be 100 percent soon, I would imagine?

Rachel Mangan: Absolutely. I think -- I'm almost scared to say 100 percent, because that's the -- because I think I said that before and then took a dive. So I'm -- I'm good.

Donald Trump: Well, that's a great story. Thank you very much, both.

Rachel Mangan: Thank you for having us.

Donald Trump: That's great. It's great that it worked out so well.

Donald Trump: Has anybody -- you're okay. You are as good as -- and do you feel you're as good as you were before this happened?

Carl Goldman: Yes.

Donald Trump: So that's good. And I think you do, right? I think you're better.

Karen Whitsett: I just -- [laughs].

Donald Trump: Because she's a hot political property now. [Laughter]

Karen Whitsett: Just -- you do have -- and I think just because of my underlying condition, I do have the tiredness that comes in. The tiredness does kick up and it will come out of nowhere and I just kind of hit a -- I just kind of plummet.

Donald Trump: I'm a little surprised they can't do something with your Lyme disease. The Lyme disease is really terrible.

Karen Whitsett: That's because that's federal. I need you.

Donald Trump: Yeah. Well, but --

Karen Whitsett: I need you on that.

Donald Trump: -- I mean, I could even have you see the doctor over here, because White -- White House doctor. Ask the White House doctor to come.

Unidentified: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: Seriously. Because Lyme disease can be very, very bad.

Karen Whitsett: Yeah. I don't have a doctor any longer.

Donald Trump: But it also can be -- it also can -- is it legal for me to allow her to use the White House doctor? You know what? If it's not, I will suffer the repercussions. [Laughter] I don't care.

Karen Whitsett: Well, there are --

Donald Trump: The Democrats might not like that.

Karen Whitsett: Well, there are a lot of people in Michigan and I do have eight Lyme bills that I am putting forward for Lyme disease --

Donald Trump: Very good. Do it.

Karen Whitsett: -- because you cannot get treated in Michigan, as a doctor sees fit, for Lyme disease.

Donald Trump: People don't know about Lyme disease. It's a very bad --

Karen Whitsett: It's horrible.

Donald Trump: -- very bad thing. And it --

Karen Whitsett: So it is something I'm working on.

Donald Trump: But it is something, over a period of time, you can treat generally. It also can kill you. Lyme disease -- if you --

Karen Whitsett: Yes.

Donald Trump: If you have a certain type blood, you get Lyme disease --

Karen Whitsett: Yes.

Donald Trump: -- it's over.

Karen Whitsett: I'm glad you know that.

Donald Trump: It's literally over.

Karen Whitsett: I'm glad you know that.

Donald Trump: I think type O -- type O blood is not too good. If you have type O blood, stay out of the woods. Right?

Karen Whitsett: It's not even the woods. I got this at home at five years old.

Donald Trump: You got it at home?

Karen Whitsett: In Detroit.

Donald Trump: But usually it's from a deer tick, right?

Karen Whitsett: It is a deer tick.

Donald Trump: So where did the tick come from?

Karen Whitsett: Well, the tick does not discriminate. It will get on anything.

Donald Trump: So it comes somehow, right?

Karen Whitsett: Yes. A squirrel, a bug, a bird -- anything. It doesn't discriminate.

Donald Trump: Well, it's like when I hit a ball into the rough in golf. [Laughter] You know what I say? "Enjoy yourself. I'm not going in there." [Laughter]

Donald Trump: That Lyme disease is pretty tough, right?

Karen Whitsett: It is.

Donald Trump: It's a bad one. I'd like you to see our doctor before you leave, okay?

Karen Whitsett: Thank you.

Donald Trump: All right. I'm going to just see because sometimes they do have a very, very powerful antibiotic. And --

Karen Whitsett: Thank you.

Donald Trump: -- you know, let's see if we can help you out. Okay?

Karen Whitsett: Thank you.

Donald Trump: So this man, as you can possibly tell by look- -- he was a great athlete and a great football player. And I -- I didn't know Mark, but he said, "Tom Brady says hello to you." Tom Brady is a friend of mine and a great guy. And just signed a nice, new big contract, right?

Mark Campbell: Sure did.

Donald Trump: With a team that's supposed to have a lot of potential -- Tampa Bay. I figured he picked a team -- I'm sure he only picked a team with a lot of potential. And it's going to be -- how do you think Tom Brady is going to do?

Mark Campbell: I think he'll do great. Coach Arians is a guy that I -- I have worked with him before with the Cleveland Browns.

Donald Trump: Right.

Mark Campbell: Yeah, and he's going to love B.A. They'll work great together.

Donald Trump: So Mark spent 10 years in the NFL. And I guess you played with Tom Brady in Michigan, right?

Mark Campbell: Yep. Sure did.

Donald Trump: Did you notice -- did you -- could you see at Michigan -- because he was picked a little bit late, right? Could you see the greatness in Tom Brady at Michigan or not necessarily?

Mark Campbell: Absolutely not. [Laughter]

Donald Trump: Is that true?

Mark Campbell: No, look, he was a great college player, but -- I mean, look, they're saying he's the greatest of all time now. That's a --

Donald Trump: No, but you can't -- yeah, that's hard to see. But you thought he had -- you thought he was really a great player in college, right?

Mark Campbell: Of course. You know, so, as a quarterback, the most important thing as being a quarterback of the United States is leadership. That's the most important thing. He's always had that work ethic.

Donald Trump: So you had a guy -- Drew Henson, right? Was --

Mark Campbell: Yeah.

Donald Trump: -- was first string, right? Good memory. See, I have a good memory.

Mark Campbell: Sure is.

Donald Trump: They're always testing my memory. Nobody has a better memory than Trump. [Laughter] Unless I don't want to remember certain things, which happens a lot too.

Donald Trump: But you had a quarterback, Drew Henson, who was actually the starter, and he signed with the Yankees --

Mark Campbell: Yep.

Donald Trump: -- because he wanted to play baseball. The problem is he couldn't hit the curveball, right? Couldn't hit a Major League curveball. But he was a great football player. But he got hurt, Tom Brady took over, and the team became much better. Right?

Mark Campbell: That's correct.

Donald Trump: That's been Tom Brady's thing, right? Both Drews. They had a Drew, right? They had a Drew --

Mark Campbell: Right.

Donald Trump: -- in the Patriots.

Mark Campbell: Yeah, a crisis becomes opportunity.

Donald Trump: That -- well, that's what happened. And that's exactly what happened. Well, let's say hello to Tom when you see him, okay? He's --

Mark Campbell: Absolutely.

Donald Trump: He's a great guy.

Donald Trump: So, you're a big, strong guy. Ten years in the NFL. What position did you play?

Mark Campbell: I played tight end.

Donald Trump: Tight end, okay. Wow. You're a big guy for tight end. That's very good.

Mark Campbell: Well, I didn't say I was a fast tight end; I said I played tight end.

Donald Trump: That could be. Were you a good catcher? You could hold it pretty good?

Mark Campbell: Yeah, I could catch the ball.

Donald Trump: We're you a -- were you a blocker, more or less, or a receiver?

Mark Campbell: I would tell you I was probably more of a blocker.

Donald Trump: More of a blocker. That's great.

Donald Trump: And how big are you? How -- what are you, 6'6"?

Mark Campbell: Yeah, just under 6'6". Right now I'm -- right now I'm about 252. I had the coronavirus diet, but I played at about, you know, 260, 265.

Donald Trump: That's great. You look fantastic.

Mark Campbell: Well, thank you.

Donald Trump: So tell us -- so you're a big, powerful guy, and this little bug knocked the hell out of you, right?

Mark Campbell: Yeah. Well, Mr. President, if I may, from everybody at this table -- I don't think they'll mind if I speak for them -- we just want to applaud you and thank you both for your efforts the past three weeks. It's been outstanding and we certainly appreciate it.

Donald Trump: Well, I appreciate you being here, Mark. And the American people are watching this, and I -- I'm finding it fascinating from football players to state reps, to all of the things that you people do, from a rich couple that wants to go skiing and -- [laughter] -- they say, "What the hell."

Donald Trump: If you're going to sue the ski place, don't bother. But, you know -- no, it's so fascinating to see all different people, different types, different jobs, different everything, all different parts of the country.

Donald Trump: So tell us what happened, Mark.

Mark Campbell: So, you know, I'm 44, like you mentioned, ex athlete. I still work out, you know, as much as I can. Not as hard as I used to, but still work out -- in shape.

Mark Campbell: It -- essentially, I was driving with my family in northern Michigan -- I have three kids -- Caden, Evan, Case -- and a wife, Michell. Stopped. The only thing I can think of that I did out of the ordinary, because none of them had -- thank God -- never had symptoms, still don't have symptoms; I quarantined for them -- is I touched a gasoline pump handle. And that's literally the only thing that I can think of. I don't exactly know how, to be completely frank with you, how I got it, but --

Donald Trump: So that's the only thing, because you must go back and torture yourself with where did [inaudible].

Mark Campbell: Yeah, trying to figure it out. Lots of time. I mean, when it's all said and done, I've had roughly 30 days of quarantine. You know, that's 30 days without being able to kiss your kids and wife and, you know, do those things that you normally do.

Donald Trump: Why so long, by the way -- the 30 days?

Mark Campbell: Because right at -- basically, at 12 days, I went into the hospital. I spent another five days in the hospital. And when I got out of hospital, I asked the physician, you know, "Can I -- how long does the quarantine last?" And I think the safe and easy answer was 14 days.

Donald Trump: Right.

Mark Campbell: Right. Now, I -- I'll tell you, I went to Crittenton Hosp- -- Crittenton Hospital in Rochester, Michigan. They were fantastic. The physicians -- especially the nurses. Like God bless the nurses and everything they do. My sister, Diann, is one of them. They were fantastic. They were absolutely fantastic. And for a place where -- you know, the one thing I think we've all kind of touched upon is, look, when you're in the hospital, when you're in that position, quite honestly, it's lonely. I don't know if that sounds weak or what, but you're by yourself, right? And so when those nurses --

Donald Trump: And your wife [inaudible] really come in and see you and that stuff?

Mark Campbell: Not allowed.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Mark Campbell: Not allowed. Right? So when the nurses come in to check your vitals every three to four hours, it's like, "All right, I got somebody to talk to." Right? So especially when you start to feel better.

Donald Trump: A very good guy, right? Gregarious, I guess they call it. He wants people. He wants people. That's good.

Donald Trump: Go ahead.

Mark Campbell: Yeah, so, you know, I went through that process. Well, technically, just if I back up, if I may, just for a bit. So I got it and thought, "There's no way." Okay? I should check my temperature; I don't feel right. But I thought to myself, "There's no way." And, in fact, I made the joke to my wife, Michell, that I think I got coronavirus. Just totally kidding. I took my temperature; it was like one 102.6. So I did like any guy, or at least my buddies would do -- I said, "I'll go watch a movie and see if it kind of backs off." Well, it didn't. So I went through the drive-through for screening, and basically I was sent home. And said, "Well, go quarantine for 14 days and see. You know, you'll get through this. Your chances are you probably have it."

Mark Campbell: So the athlete in me -- I will tell you this: The athlete in me is -- that's the tough guy that just pushes, right? Grinding --

Donald Trump: Right.

Mark Campbell: -- and just getting things done. It kind of worked against me here, because truthfully, if I could have recognized, "Hey, stop trying to beat this thing, when it's only getting worse," I probably would have went to the hospital sooner. I do not -- and I was very aware of not overwhelming hospitals.

Mark Campbell: But at that -- my point to you for bringing that up is, I probably would have also got out of the hospital much quicker. So instead of a five-day stay, it possibly would have been a two- or three-day stay, especially if they prescribed, you know, HDQ. That would have been fantastic.

Donald Trump: So you took the hydroxy?

Mark Campbell: I did.

Donald Trump: And -- and that made a big difference?

Mark Campbell: I would say, within 12 hours, I already saw improvement. And when I went into the hospital, I was --

Donald Trump: You were -- you were pretty bad for a while?

Mark Campbell: Yeah, my pulse ox was 86. You know, so I did not get put on a ventilator or something like that. Certainly, I was provided with oxygen support, went on the Z-Pak.

Donald Trump: So you had the -- the azithromycin and --

Mark Campbell: Correct.

Donald Trump: -- and the zinc too? Zinc?

Mark Campbell: They added zinc as well, yes. Yeah, it's all through the IV drip, right?

Donald Trump: Yeah. Yeah. Sure.

Mark Campbell: So you're just sitting there hanging out. But that period of driving to the hospital -- my wife is driving me and just seeing her concern. I mean, that's part of it, right? You see how much they're concerned. You know, I'd much rather me have it than her have it or the kids.

Donald Trump: So she never go it?

Mark Campbell: She never got it or the kids.

Donald Trump: So when she was with you -- next to you, you're driving together. She never go it.

Mark Campbell: Yeah, I went in the backseat. [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: Well, maybe she's -- maybe she's tougher than you, Mark. You ever think --

Mark Campbell: There's no doubt that she's tougher than me. [Laughter] Right? There's no doubt about it.

Donald Trump: Yeah, that's pretty -- that's pretty amazing.

Donald Trump: So the end result is, you think you're as good as new, right?

Mark Campbell: Yeah, I would tell you probably about 95 percent. The only thing is my lung capacity isn't quite where it was.

Donald Trump: Oh, really?

Mark Campbell: Yeah, so if I went for a jog --

Donald Trump: So that -- it was starting to work on your lungs? It --

Mark Campbell: Correct.

Donald Trump: It was there.

Mark Campbell: Yes, absolutely.

Donald Trump: Because once it gets too far advanced, it's tough. That's where the Z-Pak comes in.

Mark Campbell: Yeah, I had some pneumonia things showing up, or as they say -- what is it -- "brown glass appearance."

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Mark Campbell: Yes.

Donald Trump: Well, that's where the Z-Pak comes in, I think. You know, that's what --

Mark Campbell: Well, that's when I'm like, "Hey, prescribe whatever you got to prescribe. Let me get out of here."

Donald Trump: Why did you take the hydroxy? Why did you do that? You saw it on television?

Mark Campbell: Yeah, I asked them about it. And I didn't know what it was called at the time. I just said the malaria drug. And then he said, "Okay... " And they ran through some different thoughts about it.

Donald Trump: And they had? They had it?

Mark Campbell: They had it. They sure did.

Donald Trump: Because we've stocked up the hospitals. We've got 29 million doses.

Mark Campbell: Yeah.

Donald Trump: We stocked up a lot of -- I think almost all of the hospitals. That's good. So you saw it somewhere and you said you'll take anything right now?

Mark Campbell: Absolutely. So, actually, my business partner, Troy Evans, he's the one who sent me a text and said, "Hey, ask if you can get that."

Donald Trump: That's great.

Mark Campbell: Yeah. So, you know, between him and Dr. Lance Benedict -- so I run some small businesses. You know, having those -- and thanks to all of them as well, right? So, you know, 46 employees and all that. In order to do that -- in order for me to do that and to be away, you have to have good people. And thank goodness I did.

Donald Trump: Well, I want to thank you. That's great. That's really a great story to see somebody like you just knocked -- knocked cold by the invisible enemy. Right?

Mark Campbell: Yeah.

Donald Trump: That was tougher than any football player you ever played, right?

Mark Campbell: That's absolutely correct.

Donald Trump: And you played against some tough ones. I know you did.

Mark Campbell: Yeah, there were some battles that weren't so good for me, but I always kept fighting.

Donald Trump: Nah, you did a great job. Great job. Anybody can be in the NFL for 10 years -- that's a big tribute. That's not easy. You know how hard that is, right?

Mark Campbell: Yeah. It's a grind.

Donald Trump: Everybody always -- I mean, every year, the new ones come along and you just stayed there. Ten years is a long time in the NFL. That's a great tribute to you as a fighter.

Donald Trump: I want to thank everybody. This has been incredible. I thought this would be a five-minute meeting, but I found each one of your stories so interesting. And hopefully, the media can play some of these stories because they're -- they're just -- you know, we're going through something the likes of which, I guess, we've never seen. Maybe you go back to 1917, 1918. That was the big plague. That was a big one.

Donald Trump: And anywhere from, Mike, I guess, 75 to 100 million people died. Which started here -- it started in a certain location, but I don't want to say because I love that location so I'm not going to say it. But it started in this country and actually got brought to Europe. And Europe is where it did its -- you know, thousands of people died here. Large numbers. But in Europe, tens of millions of people died. So we gave them no favor when whoever it is went over to Europe, right? No favor.

Donald Trump: But not since then have we seen anything like this. And we're winning our battle; we're winning our war. We're going to be doing -- announcing some very good things in the near future. The American public has been great -- you know, far greater than anybody would've thought. They had minimum numbers of 100,000 and I think we're going to beat that, 100,000 deaths. Can you believe that? That was a minimum. And if we didn't practice what we practiced, and if they -- if we did it a different way -- because we had a maximum of 2.2 million people. Who knows even if that's right? But the way I look at it, if you cut in half, and cut it in half again, it's 500,000 or 600,000. That's what we lost in the Civil War. That's not acceptable. So, we couldn't have done it, you know, to bull through, as we call it. To bull through it. Just, like, treat like a flu. If we did that -- so we made the right moves. Now we have to get our country open again. You all know that.

Donald Trump: But this was great. I thought -- so did Mike -- I said, "Come on. This will take five minutes." And it's taken a lot longer than five minutes and that's because I found it so interesting.

Mike Pence: Just great.

Donald Trump: And really great. Mike, do you have something to say?

Mike Pence: I just -- I just want to thank all of these courageous Americans. Thank you for being willing to be here and share your story. It is a tribute to your resilience. It's a tribute to those healthcare workers, Mark, that you were talking about that were there for you.

Mike Pence: And I just -- the President and I wanted to have a chance to see all of you and let the country hear your stories. Because while we, rightly, as a nation, reflect on the more than 23,000 Americans who have succumbed to the coronavirus, as a tribute to our healthcare workers, we also do well to reflect on more than 44,000 Americans who have fully recovered. And you're among them.

Mike Pence: And so I want to thank you for sharing your story. It truly gives hope. And to families that are looking on who have a loved one who is struggling with coronavirus today and I just want to promise you that this President, this Vice President, our entire White House Coronavirus Task Force are going to continue to work every day to have more stories like yours across this nation until we -- until we put the coronavirus in the past and eventually someday have a vaccine against this that ends this once and for all.

Donald Trump: I think so. And I think we're making a lot of progress on vaccines and we're making a lot of progress on, maybe, a cure -- meaning a pill. Because, I think, right now I'd like to have that more than the vaccine. The vaccine takes a little longer because they have to test it for a period of a year or more. So it's -- it's something we're going to come -- and -- come with. And I really think we're making -- therapeutically, we're making tremendous, I think, tremendous progress.

Donald Trump: And we're going to see whether or not, Mark, whether or not what you did and whether or not what Karen did, and whether or not that that's a big part of the answer. But I think it's -- could be a part of the answer. Let's see. It's -- you know, it's one alternative, but we're going to have numerous alternatives. There is another one -- it just came. You know, the Gilead drug, remdesivir. It just came out. And it didn't come out -- it's a highly sophisticated -- very, very sophisticated treatment that seems to show good promise also.

Donald Trump: Well, I want to thank you all. Jeff, could I ask you a question? You're a great reporter and a nice man. Look at you with that mask. That's good. You look very good. You actually look much better, I think. [Laughter]

Question: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: But what do I know? Am I allowed to take Karen over to see the White House doctors, see if we can help her out a little bit with Lyme disease? Because Lyme disease is a problem and there are some answers. What do you think? Are you guys going to report me for being a horrible human being? For doing something illegal? Did I do something illegal?

Question: We can't advise you on that, sir.

Donald Trump: And then impeach me. Then you'll impeach me because I tried to help her out with her Lyme disease. Do you think maybe? Because I'd like to do that. What do you think? Should I do it?

Question: I can't advise you on that, sir. But I -- I certainly hope that she --

Donald Trump: See, they never like to take chances, but I do. So, we'll take a chance on it. Okay?

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. We're going to have a news conference a little bit later. We're going to announce the groups of people that are going to be talking to us.

Donald Trump: We've made a lot progress today. You see what's happening with our bump. Our big bump in the road. And our big bump is a lot less than a lot of people thought it would be because of the American people. They've been incredible.

Donald Trump: So, I just want to thank everybody. We'll have a news conference in a little while. We're going to announce the people that we'll be talking to. And I'm going to be making a decision pretty quickly.

Donald Trump: And it's being done in conjunction with governors. We have tremendous support from governors. And what I do is going to be done in conjunction with governors.

Donald Trump: But we'll be doing that in a little while, especially in terms of the people. We have a lot of great people in this country that know the different fields and, you know, we have a lot of -- a lot of skill is going to be have to be used to get our country back to where it was. And we want to do it quickly, whether it's restaurants or whether it's airplane business or whether it's a lot of other things. We have a lot of businesses. And we have the best people in every -- every profession, including medical and including political.

Donald Trump: We have a political group, too. A lot of great politicians. Well, some are great; some aren't so great. But I put them on anyway. You know, we want to have a sampling of everybody. So, we have a lot of talent.

Donald Trump: And I want to thank you all. You folks are fantastic. And just get better. Get that -- your job finished up, okay? Get -- you're going to be 100 percent. You look great. And thank you very much.

Donald Trump: Karen, you and your husband are going to come with me and I'm going to have you sent over to the White House doctor. They have really great doctors. They just wait for me. You know, they say -- they're there for me. But, Mike, too, I think.

Karen Whitsett: That's good.

Donald Trump: Are they there for you, too?

Donald Trump: And if anything should happen, you know, it's very interesting. I was with somebody not so long ago and he fainted. He had a bad -- something happened to him. And it was at certain location. And within like a minute and a half there were seven doctors standing over. They had oxygen. I said, "I've never seen anything like it." So, they are prepared and they are great. And we're going to take you over and maybe we can find something for you. Okay?

Karen Whitsett: That sounds great.

Donald Trump: We'll knock out two of them.

Karen Whitsett: Yeah. That's great.

Donald Trump: All right? We'll knock out two of them.

Donald Trump: Thank you all very much. We'll see you in a little while. Thank you.

Question: Do you any of you have any reason to believe you're immune to this? Are you concerned? You traveled pretty far and it's a risk. Do you any of you have reason to believe you're immune?