Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-tele-rally-north-carolina-july-19-2020

Unidentified: Please welcome the 45th President of the United States, President Donald J. Trump.

Donald Trump: Hello, North Carolina a very special place. We've had some great victories there and we're going to keep it going. You've had the best years you've ever had over the last three years. And we had to close it up for a little while our country to save millions of lives and we've done that. And now, we're coming back with record job numbers.

Donald Trump: You've seen that and it's really going to be great. We'll have a phenomenal year next year. It's all heading that way, but I'm thrilled to talk to you all today about the critical decision facing our country this November, November 3rd to be exact.

Donald Trump: The election is about the very survival, our nation. It's about survival because you see what's going on. You take a look at Portland. This is the people that we're dealing with. And as you know, we sent in some very powerful law enforcement a few days ago and shook it up, and they're doing very well, very easy for them.

Donald Trump: But somebody had to do it. And if they're not going to do it, we're going to have to do it and that play -- that includes other places as well because the radical-left Democrats, which is where our country would go if Biden got elected. Because it's not going to be him, it's going to be people that totally control him.

Donald Trump: They're going radical left and that's going to be unbelievably bad for our stock markets and our jobs and everything else. It will be -- we'll be in a position just like Venezuela. Twenty years ago it was one of the wealthiest nations in the world and per capita one of the wealthiest. And now, it's -- they don't have water, they don't have medicine, they don't even have food.

Donald Trump: So it's a choice between the law and order and patriotism and prosperity, safety offered by our movement, and the anarchy and chaos and crime and socialism. It's pure socialism and probably beyond socialism. I think it's even a step beyond socialism promised by the radical-left wing mob and their puppet.

Donald Trump: Joe Biden is a puppet. You all know that. You see him. You watch, you watch his answers to questions.

Donald Trump: He doesn't even know what's being asked. I love the great State of North Carolina. I was looking forward to having our Republican National Convention there. That was going to be incredible. But unfortunately, your Governor, Roy Cooper decided to give away potentially hundreds of millions of dollars, made it impossible for us to go. We're actually going to spend one day because I like the state so much.

Donald Trump: We're going to -- our first day we're going there. That would be Monday and we're going to have a lot of our delegates there and we're going to do everything we can. But Roy Cooper said you can't have people meeting in a room. He actually told me the most you can have meeting -- we have a 19,000-seat center as you know, and he said the most you can have is 10 people because that's what the rules are, 10 people.

Donald Trump: He actually said that. I don't know. I guess he meant it. He'd think -- he thought he could start negotiating from there but he didn't really want to negotiate. He wanted to give it up. So we're going to go there on a Monday and we're going to then go someplace else.

Donald Trump: As you know, we're all signed up ready to go, ready to build the arena. It was going to be great and the coronavirus, in all fairness, that's the problem, but we could have made a deal to have the convention in North Carolina where we wanted it. And as a result, the State of North Carolina is going to lose all of those jobs and millions and millions of dollars.

Donald Trump: And I would recommend strongly that you vote for Dan Bishop. He's a great gentleman. He's a great -- what Dan Bishop is a great guy and running for Congress and we want you to vote for Dan Bishop. We want you to vote for Greg Murphy. We want you to vote for all of these incredible people and we have a man.

Donald Trump: I believe he's on the phone right now, Senator Thom Tillis. He's done a fantastic job. Your Lieutenant Governor who is running against -- against Cooper is Dan Forest and I hope you give him a real good look because he's fantastic. He's been -- he's been with us all the way, all the way. Dan Forest is your Lieutenant Governor.

Donald Trump: He's running for Governor. He wants to help us. He wants to do a fantastic job and he will do a fantastic job. But you Congressman from Dan Bishop to Greg Murphy and you remember the great victory that we had there. Patrick McHenry who's incredible, fantastic guy. Virginia Foxx, we all know Virginia. Richard Hudson, Congressman David Rouzer, Congressman Ted Budd to name a few and they are warriors.

Donald Trump: I say it. And then, you had the Dan Bishop win and Greg Murphy win that same night. They're all warriors really. Thom Tillis has been fantastic. We had disagreements early on and after that it was -- it's been great. He's been a great Senator, a great help to me, and we really have -- you have a fantastic team there.

Donald Trump: But you look at those Congressional candidate. You look at the Congressional, not candidates, some of them, most of them are in office now. Fortunately, with Bishop and with -- with Murphy, you had some -- some -- a night -- that was a night to remember. That was a night that was supposed to be either close or they were supposed to lose and they each won easily.

Donald Trump: They won by a lot and that was sort of the beginning of what we're doing.

Donald Trump: I also want to thank GOP Chairman, Michael Whatley. He was on the phone. He's been fantastic for North Carolina and he's been a friend of ours. He's doing an incredible job, but all of those people, they need your support. Since my inauguration, I've been fighting for the hardworking patriots of North Carolina like never before.

Donald Trump: I owe a lot to the state. I think that the people are great. I know that people. I'm an investor in North Carolina and Lake Norman area. You know where that is and you know exactly what we've done. We've had a great success there, local success. But we want to defend North Carolina farmers and workers and tobacco growers.

Donald Trump: You know, we're working to help your tobacco growers.

Donald Trump: You do a fantastic job and everybody knows that Mark Meadows is his Chief of Staff, comes from wonderful North Carolina. He's doing an incredible job and he's always out making sure that, whether it's your farmers or your workers or your manufacturers, anything you want he's. always there. One of the things we do discuss is tobacco and we've got that where people are very happy with what's going on and what we're doing.

Donald Trump: We officially replaced a disaster known as NAFTA with a brand new USMCA. The USMCA is expected to create over 176,000 new American jobs and add $68 billion to our economy. And we think the numbers are actually going to be much higher than that. But it's going to be fantastic for North Carolina, for our farmers, and for our manufacturers.

Donald Trump: Through the Paycheck Protection Program that you know and we're right now working on a Phase 4.

Donald Trump: We provided more than $12 billion so that 120,000 North Carolina small businesses could continue paying their workers and that's working out very well. As you know, we're negotiating to get other things, including extensions on that. But we're looking very much forward to it. We're looking to get that expanded and extended.

Donald Trump: I stood up for you with respect to historic tariffs that I placed on China. They've never had it. Nobody has ripped off this country more than China. I've been talking about it for a long time. One of the reasons I ran for office, not only China it's many other countries, almost everybody. But we not only did a termination of NAFTA in the USMCA.

Donald Trump: We made a trade deal with China, but then, of course, the plague came in from China. They could have stopped it.

Donald Trump: They should have stopped it. They had absolutely the ability to do it, they didn't. It went all over the world. And right now, it's all over the world. You know, if you watch the fake news, listen to the fake news, you think we're the only country. I just heard from another broadcast. It's all over the world and a lot of countries are suffering unbelievably, greatly.

Donald Trump: It's a very sad, very bad what China did to us. So I looked at the trade deal. I -- we made a great deal. By the way, they're buying a lot. They're buying a lot of corn, a lot of soybeans, a lot of everything but I view it differently. I view the whole relationship a lot -- really much more differently than I did at one point because we were happy with the deal.

Donald Trump: It was a great deal for us.

Donald Trump: But when the plague came in, I viewed it a lot more differently, and that's the way it is. Under my administration, China will be held accountable for the lies and deceit that unleashed the China virus on our world, upon the world, the whole world. A hundred and eighty-eight countries are suffering with it and many are in the midst of it. Some are just starting it. Some are finishing it, but the whole world has suffered.

Donald Trump: But we've marshaled every power at America's disposal to defeat the virus and through operation -- we call it Operation Warp Speed. We're rapidly developing therapies and vaccines. We have therapeutic. We have therapies that are are really coming online and vaccines that are looking very good. So good that we expect to have 100 million doses of a vaccine available before the end of the year and it could be very significantly before the end of the year.

Donald Trump: Tremendous progress has been made and you know all the things that we've done with ventilators. We took over. I always say the cupboards were bare when I took over.

Donald Trump: We -- the cupboards were bare, just like our military was in very bad shape when I took over. This was in very bad shape and a lot of the Governors and states didn't do what they were supposed to be doing. Some did a very good job working with us, others didn't. I'll let you know at the end who the good ones and the bad ones were.

Donald Trump: But we had some that did a good job and some -- and they run their states and some that didn't. But they needed help, they needed ventilators. They needed a lot of different things and we ended up with very few ventilators. We weren't in that world. We ended up going to town, not since the Second World War has anything been done like we've done on ventilators.

Donald Trump: And then you look at the testing. We have the strongest testing in the world. In fact, so strong that in some ways it maybe -- makes us look a little bad. Because -- because we test so much we're up to almost 50 million tests.

Donald Trump: No country in the world is even close and we have the best tests. But we find cases, other countries don't look for cases. They just test on people that have problems, people that have symptoms, people that aren't feeling well, but we're doing almost up to 50 million tests. Nobody has done that and I've been congratulated by a lot of the experts, but the media never congratulated -- congratulates us. It's literally a one-way street.

Donald Trump: But we're all set on vaccines as soon as it happens, and we're doing really well as I said, and therapeutics. So it's going to be -- that would be fantastic and we're very -- and we believe we're very close. So close that we're ready to start moving and we hope that's going to be very soon, even long before the end of the year.

Donald Trump: That'll be a great thing. So we're working very hard, working with our military, working with our great doctors and nurses, and all of the incredible and very brave medical people. We have a very low mortality rate compared to the rest of the world.

Donald Trump: You've been seeing that and people don't talk about that too much, but we have one of the lowest mortality rates. Some people say we have the lowest mortality rate, fatality rate, sometimes they say, but mortality rate. After years of devastating budget cuts also, we're rebuilding the awesome power of our U.S. military, investing more than $2.5 trillion in new tanks and planes, ships, missiles, and well-deserved pay raises.

Donald Trump: We gave more pay raises, I believe than anybody. We gave significant pay raises to our military. We're defending your military from the onslaught of your radical left that don't want to give anything to the military.

Donald Trump: They view the military as a -- unfortunately, a -- an expense that they don't want to have go up. They want to have it come down, but I had to rebuild the military. We've just about completed that. The new equipment is coming in, the F-35s and all of the different equipment that we've been ordering is coming in. And frankly, it's been an incredible process.

Donald Trump: We've rebuilt the military. We've taken care of our vets. Our vets were treated horribly. If you look and you see, the vets were treated so horribly over the years that never a day went by when you didn't read horror stories. And now, you don't hear about that anymore because we have Veterans Choice, very importantly, Veterans Choice.

Donald Trump: And North Carolina is such a big state from the standpoint of our military.

Donald Trump: We also have Veterans Accountability where people do a bad job for our vets and they get fired. It's very simple, you're fired. And we actually terminated about 9,000 people and replaced them with some very good people. Some very good people with heart that love our vets. And we had sadists in there, we had thieves in there, and you couldn't do anything about it, whether it was for reasons of unions or civil service.

Donald Trump: You couldn't do -- nobody thought it would be possible to get either of those things, Accountability, were very importantly, Choice. So now, rather than waiting on line for days or even weeks, our vets get treated quickly with good, talented doctors, and we have really good doctors at the vets. We had a 91% approval rating two weeks ago.

Donald Trump: It came down 91%, the highest in the history of the VA.

Donald Trump: But instead of waiting on -- in line for a week, two weeks, five weeks, ten weeks, time limits, times that you wouldn't believe, our vets can now go out. If they have to wait, they'll get a good doctor. They take care of themselves and we pay the bill. We negotiated that. We pay the bill and it's been an incredible thing.

Donald Trump: It's been really an incredible thing. Also, I think very important, that's been something -- by the way, almost 50 years for Accountability, almost 50 years for Choice and nobody thought it could be done, and we got it done. It's all done.

Donald Trump: We've got other things done with it like the right to try where you can try new -- if somebody's terminally ill, you can try new medicines. We have the best labs in the world, the best doctors in the world, but a medicine that wasn't approved. If somebody's terminally ill, we can use that medicine even if it wasn't fully approved by the FDA, by all of the people that have to go through its approval process, which by the way, we cut in half.

Donald Trump: The approval process is now down to a much lower number. We need the approval process, obviously, but it's now down to a much lower number. We've also, very importantly, a lot of people think it was the most important I would say, defense is the most and offense is the most important. But we will have appointed a record close to maybe above, I don't know, 300 federal judges to interpret the Constitution as written, including two great new Supreme Court justices, Neil Gorsuch and Brett Kavanaugh.

Donald Trump: So you have two great Supreme Court judges, justices and we have -- we should have about 300 federal judges by the end of the year. That's a number that's unthinkable, that's a record. And with everything that's going on with abortion, with everything that's going on with guns, if you take a look at the Second Amendment, all of the work that they're putting in to try and totally obliterate your Second Amendment.

Donald Trump: We're fighting for the Second Amendment. We're fighting hard and we haven't given up a step, but there's been tremendous pressure. And now, when you look at some of these radical things happening when you look at Chicago. When you look at what's going on in New York with a radical-left Mayor and Governor where they have no clue what -- crime is up 386% from just a short period of time ago.

Donald Trump: You look at that, we want to protect our Second Amendment. A lot of important things are happening.

Donald Trump: The next -- the next President could have as many as well, one, two, three, or even four Supreme Court justices to choose and that's going to be a very, very important -- very, very important step. Next we have school choice. They don't want school choice. They don't want it at all and we have to have school choice.

Donald Trump: Everybody wants it. It's what is happening. We passed the largest tax cuts -- the largest tax cuts in the history of our country, larger than any ever passed. Saving the average family, if you add it with regulations and other things, almost $5,000 per year. If you add the tax cuts and the regulation cuts, we've cut more regulations than any President in the history of our country.

Donald Trump: Regulation cuts. So, you take all of the regulation cuts, all of the tax cuts, you add energy to it. Because if you look, you're paying in -- for the most part, you're paying less than $2 for gasoline. That didn't happen by accident.

Donald Trump: We know what we're doing, but we've saved all those energy jobs at the same time, and we've now become energy independent. But we're fighting for school choice and that's happening very well. Now, you have, on the other hand, Joe Biden and the radical Democrats. They destroy America's economy, America's security, and our American way of life.

Donald Trump: Joe Biden's record can be summed up very easily. It's a betrayal. It's a calamity. It's a -- it's a failure. He's been in office for almost 50 years, 47, 48 years, almost 50 years. And now, he's going to tell us how to do things. Well, what he's doing is he's just being totally controlled by Bernie Sanders and the group.

Donald Trump: Because if you look at it and if you see what he's looking to put up and put up, it's disgraceful. They've supported every globalist attack on the American worker, whether it's NAFTA, TPP, all of the horrible trade agreements. In particular, one with South Korea and China's entry into the WTO, that was supported by Joe Biden.

Donald Trump: That's been a disaster as you know, China has been given all sorts of advantages over us, but we've stopped it and are stopping it, and again, China respects us. The last person they want to win this election is Trump. That I can tell you. That -- I ended the Iran deal. What I've done for Jerusalem, as you know, moving the embassy into Jerusalem and Israel.

Donald Trump: If you look at Golan Heights, you take a look at that. But also terminating the horrible deal, $150 billion was given, as you know, to Iran -- was given to Iran with $1.8 billion in cash for a horrible deal. I can say this, Iran and if you look China and others by the way, if we win the election, we'll have a deal within two months after the election and everything.

Donald Trump: They're just waiting to see because they'd love to have Joe Biden win. There is nobody that they would rather have. Hunter Biden walks into China, walks out managing #1.5 billion of money, of their money where you make hundreds of thousands, millions of dollars a year managing that, millions of dollars. China wants Biden to win.

Donald Trump: Iran wants Biden to win. When we win, very shortly the election, we'll have a very brand new deal with everybody.

Donald Trump: You have a lot of them just hoping that one of these guys that have been giving away our country for many, many decades they've been giving it away. They've been hurting our country so badly. I mean, you take a look at a Biden where he appoints Beto O'Rourke, who's a gun-confiscating guy. He wants to take away your firearms, he'd let it be known.

Donald Trump: I mean in Texas, they don't even want to look at him anymore and he wants to take them away from law-abiding citizens. He's going to be in charge of their gun policy. He's going to be in charge of their Second Amendment. Your Second Amendment will be either terminated or ripped to shreds. And you just have to remember all those things because November -- November 3rd is a very important day in the history of this country.

Donald Trump: There's never been two candidates, two parties, but two candidates who have been so different. One wants to do a real job and make America great again, and then keep America great, and that's what's happening because we're on a V. You know, they all said that couldn't happen. We close our country, we save millions of lives, were now open.

Donald Trump: We want schools to open. We want our children to go back to school. We have to have it open and they'll open safely. But if you look at key elements of the Biden and Sanders Unity platform, Biden gave the ship away. I think it's worse than Sanders before he even had -- I don't know what kind of a negotiation Biden had, but just take a look.

Donald Trump: It's open borders, tear down our great wall, they want to tear it down. So we're building a wall. You know, the wall will be finished toward the end of the year. We've already built 257 miles of wall and where we have that, we have some of the best numbers that we've ever had on the border. People can come into our country, but they have to come in legally, but they want to abolish borders.

Donald Trump: We want to have strong borders in our country. Stop all deportations.

Donald Trump: This is Joe Biden, Bernie Sanders, AOC. They want to stop all deportation even of criminals, criminals. They come in as murderers, as drug dealers, as traffickers, stop all deportation, end the prosecution of illegal border crossers. So we can't prosecute people that illegally came into our country, even if they're really bad people.

Donald Trump: They want to support sanctuary cities. We'll you have a sanctuary city in your great state, a very -- a city I happen to like a lot. Well, a lot of bad things have happened with that. You're protecting criminals and then a lot of bad things happen. They want to incentivize illegal alien, child smuggling, and what happens is human smuggling.

Donald Trump: This is -- these people are the worst people maybe on the planet, incentivize illegal alien, child and women smuggling. This is what happens with their policy. You know, we have trafficking in people. It's never been so bad in the world.

Donald Trump: This isn't just the United States. Because of the Internet, it's never been anywhere near like it is now and they are going to incentivize it with their dumb policy. Provide taxpayer-funded lawyers at a high level for illegal aliens. What's that all about? With -- we're now providing people -- come on into our country illegally and we're going to give you a lawyer so you can stay here.

Donald Trump: Provide government healthcare for illegal aliens. Well, we don't do that, in many cases, for our own citizens. They want to take federal student aid, and free community colleges. They want to give that to illegal aliens, give illegal aliens federal student aid and free community college. We don't do that for a lot of our people.

Donald Trump: End all travel bans, including from jihadist regions. So, I won the travel ban. It was a long legal fight, took two years but I ended up winning in the Supreme Court close decision, and we have a very strong travel ban. They want to end the travel ban, including people from jihadist countries that don't have necessarily good in mind.

Donald Trump: They want to expand asylum for illegal aliens so that we can't get them out. In other words, it's expanded. What this does is it forces people to come here, even if they don't want to come, they said, let's go and move to the United States. We get all this package of goods, just crazy. Increase refugee admissions by 700%. They want to grant mass amnesty, amnesty for everybody in the country, millions and millions of people, grant mass amnesty.

Donald Trump: They want to end bail, end all bail, cash bail, releasing dangerous criminals into the streets and that's what they want to do, and they're doing that in their communities. And take a look at Chicago, take a look at New York, what they're doing there. They ended bail. Incentivize prison closings, says they want to get rid of prisons.

Donald Trump: They want to close prisons. Free federal housing for former inmates.

Donald Trump: They want to give you housing. If you go to jail, you're going to get free housing. Mandate net-zero carbon emissions for homes, offices, and all new buildings by 2030. They want to mandate zero-carbon emissions from power plants. Now, what this is going to do is raise your power, your electric costs, and other costs by 10 times, 12 times, 15 times.

Donald Trump: They don't even know how many times. It's the craziest thing I've ever seen. And this is out of their very long, very complex the Green New Deal they call. The Green New Deal is ridiculous, OK? It's ridiculous. Aside from the fact they want to get rid of second cars. They want to get rid of airplanes. They don't like it. It affects whatever.

Donald Trump: They want to get rid of cows. They want to get rid of cows. Let's get rid of all the cows, AOC and her -- I say, AOC plus three. It is crazy.

Donald Trump: It'll destroy our country. I can't even believe they're serious, but they seem to be. End school choice and they want to abolish charter schools. Well, people want choice and they want -- they want charter schools. And very important in the suburbs, they're going to destroy our suburbs. They've already gone out there and they've hurt -- but the far-left bureaucrats they want to eliminate single-family zoning.

Donald Trump: They want to destroy our suburbs. And if you probably heard over the last few days, I'm going to eliminate AFFH and that's exactly what people have been fighting in the suburbs for a long time. They want their housing values to go up and they don't want crime, and we're going to give that to them. We're going to eliminate all this nonsense going.

Donald Trump: People work their lives to have a good house in the suburbs, and then, the government comes along and does a number on them like you wouldn't believe. And you all know exactly what I'm talking about.

Donald Trump: It's been very, very bad. It's been a very bad situation. So we have to defeat Joe Biden in order to make America great again. We have to do it. It's not Joe Biden. He doesn't have a clue. He's being run by people that are so far left and these are radical left. I'm -- I said it at the beginning and I'll say it now, look at what's running the streets of Portland and look at your Democrat Liberal Senators, Governors, Mayors.

Donald Trump: Take a look at what they're saying, they think it's fine. Fifty days of horror and we went in four days ago and have done a great job. And we have no choice because we can't let that happen to our cities. Well, that would happen to our whole country. So I look forward to being in your great state very soon.

Donald Trump: I'll be there. I've been campaigning a lot there prior to -- as you know, I was there many times prior to the pandemic. And now, it's much more difficult to go.

Donald Trump: We're not supposed to go. We want to have people be safe and all of those things and that's going to be happening. It's all coming together, including the therapeutics, including the vaccine. But -- which we'll have. I think you're going to be very surprised and very impressed. But we are going to get there soon and we're always going to be with you, and we're taking care of you and we're doing these calls and in lieu of being in your state.

Donald Trump: But I look forward to in the not too distant future getting over to North Carolina and other places. Plenty of other places around our country. You know, if you look, the Democrat Governors are almost uniform. They don't want to have anything having to do with campaigns in their states. They don't want the rallies.

Donald Trump: They don't want anything having to do with any of that and that's the way it is. And we're making up for it with exactly what we're doing tonight.

Donald Trump: So I just appreciate you being on the line. I hear we have a tremendous number of people. We've done a couple of these yesterday and the day before. We had tremendous response, but we're going have a tremendous victory in November 3rd. It's so important that you get out and vote. You have to be careful with the mail-in ballots because it's tremendous crime, corruption.

Donald Trump: The mail-in ballots are very dangerous. The absentee ballots are great because with an absentee ballot you have to go out and you have to -- you have to do a little work for it. You have to tell them. You have to give them information.

Donald Trump: You have to go get it. If you can't be -- if you're not able to vote. But when a Governor has the right to mail out millions of ballots, I mean, where is he mailing them to? Who is he mailing? Just take a look at what happened in Patterson, New Jersey just a few weeks ago, a little while ago. It was a terrifically, corrupt situation.

Donald Trump: I think they said up to 20% of the ballots were affected. They indicted a postman and unrelated to that, they've indicted people on city councils. This mail-in ballot thing is dangerous, and I think, it's going to lead to massive voter corruption.

Donald Trump: I think it's a very, very bad thing and we have a lot of court cases right now. So we'll see how that turns out. But one way or the other, on November 3rd, get out and vote. We're doing things that nobody thought could be done. We had the best economy in the history of our country. We had the greatest economy in the history of the world and we had to close it. We had the best job numbers, the best stock market numbers, which by the way, are very close right now, despite the pandemic being for those of you that have 401ks. I think you're very happy because nest NASDAQ is actually higher than it was and the various markets are very close to being the highest they ever were.

Donald Trump: So for all of you that have stocks and various other things, bonds.

Donald Trump: But stocks, in particular, they are -- you've got to be very happy with President Trump. If Biden gets in, you can end up with a depression, the likes of which you've never seen. You'll be lucky if you end up with a country at all. So I want to thank everybody. Make America great again, November 3rd is very important and God bless America.

Donald Trump: God bless everybody on this line. God bless your great State of North Carolina. We will see you soon and we'll be working very hard for you. You're doing a lot of great things and it's only going to get better. Next year is going to be a phenomenal year. Thank you, everybody. It's been great to speak to you on a nice Sunday afternoon. Goodbye.