Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-new-years-eve-palm-beach-florida-december-31-2022

Donald Trump: Hello, everybody. Happy New Year. Hopefully, it'll be a great year for everybody, including yourselves. And I hope you enjoy yourselves at Mar-a-Lago and in the state of Florida. Any questions?

Question: President Trump, do you -- do you believe that Santa should be vaccinated with your vaccines that your administration helped develop?

Donald Trump: Who else? What?

Question: What are your hopes for America in 2023, Mr. President?

Donald Trump: Well, peace. We should have never been involved with a certain war that's taking place right now. That's really hurting a lot -- I mean, killing a lot of people, but hurting a lot of countries. And hopefully, that'll get straightened out very quickly with Ukraine and Russia. We have to have that. We have to have a strong border.

Donald Trump: Very importantly, we have to have a strong border. We have to have it now. Our country is being very gravely hurt. And we have to bring back the economy. We have to get rid of inflation. It's destroying our country.

Question: Would you support a national abortion ban like the one that [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: Go ahead, please.

Question: Mr. President, the DOJ and FBI have weaponized against you. Will you commit to going after them in your second term?

Donald Trump: I think it's a disgrace what's happened with the FBI and with the weaponization of justice. There's never been anything like this, and it is disgraceful. And thank you for that question.

Question: How are you feeling about the campaign?

Donald Trump: Well, I think very good. You know, the campaigns, really, you're talking about almost two years, but I think very good. I think we're doing really well. I saw poll numbers just today that were fantastic. And I think we're going to do well. We're going to make America great again, very simple. I'm going to make America great again.

Question: Mr. President, have you ever [Inaudible]

Question: [Inaudible] what should the border and business people [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: I think we have to look at the borders and we have to look at inflation very quickly. We have to stop the war between Russia and Ukraine. OK?

Question: Any New Year's resolution for you and the first lady?

Donald Trump: Well, we have a great relationship. We've gotten along very well from day one and we're going to keep it that way. Thank you. Thank you.

Question: Mr. President, it's January 6th anniversary this week. [Inaudible]