Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-election-night-palm-beach-florida-november-8-2022

Donald Trump: Thank you so much that you'd rather hear the music, and I understand that very well. So, we're doing combinations of both. I'd like to welcome the fake news media, which is back there. There is a lot of people back there. That's incredible. That's a big group. They must be expecting something big tonight.

Donald Trump: Actually, they were hoping for big losses, but that's not happening. So, the numbers have been amazing so far. Now, this is just up until this point. But as of this moment, on endorsements, with the nominations, we had a total of 330 endorsements on nominations. This is only on nominations. This isn't for tonight.

Donald Trump: And of the 330, we won 200. We won 300 and 24. So, if you think 224 -- and some of those were long shots, in all fairness. They were down in fifth place. We had a lot of people in fifth place that went to first, but it was 224 out of 330, and that's -- that's a pretty good number. And then tonight, because they kept saying, "Well, he's good on nominations, but is he good on the general election?" So, as of this moment, and we have some out there, we are 80 wins and three losses.

Donald Trump: Isn't that good? Wouldn't that be funny if we were better on the general election than the nominations themselves? So, that's great. Now, in North Carolina, just out, Ted Budd is now leading, doing great. He's leading, 51-47. In Missouri, a very good guy, Eric Schmitt, is now up, 55 to 43. And he's -- he's against a Busch, but a different Busch.

Donald Trump: It's called an Anheuser-Busch. That's a different Busch. You tell me which is the real Busch. In Ohio, JD Vance is now leading, 52-47. And we had an incredible rally last night in Ohio. And you saw that in Florida, Marco Rubio, we had an unbelievable rally for Marco the night before, with the heaviest rain I've ever been involved with.

Donald Trump: I was up there. It was beautiful everything. This is the tropics, right? Florida. It was so beautiful. It was the most beautiful night. And all of a sudden, it turned deadly dark and it was like you had massive pails of water that just fell on top of me. We went through the worst storm, but we gutted it out.

Donald Trump: I had no teleprompters. We had 45,000 people out there and we had no teleprompter. And I said I wonder what Biden would do right now. But we -- we gutted it out, and it was amazing. But Marco had a fantastic evening at 58 to 41. That's really -- that's really tremendous. That's as of this moment. Katie Britt, I want to congratulate Katie Britt.

Donald Trump: We endorse Katie. And she did fantastically, 68 to 30. That means she has a future, young and just a fantastic woman, with a husband who's great. He was -- he's maybe the largest human being I've ever seen. He was a offensive lineman in the NFL for a long time and a great football player, actually, played for Alabama.

Donald Trump: But, Katie, congratulations to you. And we have a lot of other good ones going out there. Herschel is leading right now. So, we have a lot of -- a lot of big races going on right now. So, enjoy that, enjoy the food, and enjoy everything. And really, in all fairness, it is a great honor to have the media with us, and we hope you enjoy yourself.

Donald Trump: And -- and this wonderful group of people, these are the people that you read about. They are not the nicest people in the world, but they are brilliant financially. We're not going to see any great football stars in here, but we do see brilliant people. But no -- but they're great people and very, very successful people, and they want what's good for the country, and that's why they're here.

Donald Trump: And I want to thank you all for being here. And again, to the media, thank you very much. Have a good time. Thank you.