Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-fast-food-visit-east-palestine-ohio-february-22-2023

Question: Palestine.

Donald Trump: Oh, they're going to be treated so good now. FEMA is coming up because we came and [Inaudible] and mechanic that who's [Inaudible] They were not going, actually [Inaudible]

Question: Did you hear any concerns from the mayor or from the fire chief?

Donald Trump: Well, the mayor did a fantastic job. The fire chief did a fantastic job. The problem was the federal government was going to send nobody. And when I said I was coming, they changed their tune rapidly. And now, they're sending the whole group. So, FEMA is coming, and they're coming with a lot of help and a lot of money.

Question: Do you think Norfolk Southern has been held accountable and been transparent enough with the residents here in East Palestine?

Donald Trump: Well, they're going to have to be, and I'm sure they will be. And he, likewise, wasn't going to come. And when they saw I was coming, all of a sudden, he came up. So, I think they'll be very good for it. Thank you very much.

Question: Do you have any regrets, Mr. Trump, on rescinding the rail-braking law? There's been a lot of talk about it.

Question: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: So, everybody, enjoy your meal and we're going to get the meals for the fire department, OK? Hello, everybody. What's your specialty today?

Unidentified: How are you doing? Nice to meet you.

Donald Trump: Hello, everybody. That's a nice, beautiful-looking group of people. So, I know this menu better than you do, OK? I probably know it better than anybody in here. We're going to take care of the fire department. We're going to take care of the police department. And what we do is all the people that are here [Inaudible]

Steven Telischak: I'm the owner, Mr. President. How are you?

Donald Trump: So, I don't have to give him.

Steven Telischak: That's right.

Donald Trump: That's a good one to own, right?

Steven Telischak: Yes, it is. One of the best.

Donald Trump: So, we're going to take care of your [Inaudible] What's the people that are in here, they're going to get a, ice cream meal. All right? Thank you, everybody. Thank you. Nice. Good one, huh?

Steven Telischak: Yes. It is my first store that I got.

Donald Trump: Oh, really? How many do you have?

Steven Telischak: I have eight stores.

Donald Trump: Whoa. He's a wealthy guy. Is he a good boss?

Unidentified: He's a wonderful boss.

Donald Trump: [Inaudible]

Steven Telischak: Thank you.

Donald Trump: So, we'll take care of everything. We appreciate it. And knock it out fast for us. OK?

Unidentified: We'll try. Thank you.

Donald Trump: We'll be eating it on the plane back. Thank you, everybody. Have a good time. OK?

Steven Telischak: We're glad you came down. We're happy you came down here to visit us.

Donald Trump: Thank you. Great honor. Appreciate it. Eight stores.

Steven Telischak: Eight stores.

Question: Why are you visiting today?

Donald Trump: Well, we brought a lot of people with us. And more importantly, we brought the federal government with us because when they heard I was coming, they all came. They weren't going to come. They were going to leave you abandoned. And now, they're not. The owner over here, he saw that.

Steven Telischak: I helped out all the responders and everything. The first week, I was out here making egg McMuffins myself, Saturday morning.

Donald Trump: You did a good job.

Steven Telischak: With these guys.

Donald Trump: He did a good job. So, give us a nice array of stuff. Take care of the people, and I'll see you later, OK? Thank you, all.

Steven Telischak: Can I get a picture with you?

Donald Trump: Yeah. Let's go.

Question: What do you think about the calamities in East Palestine?

Steven Telischak: Get a picture, please.

Question: Sir, what do you think about what's going on here in East Palestine?

Question: President Trump, what do you think about Biden going to Ukraine [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: Well, I think he should have come here.

Steven Telischak: Steve, come here.

Donald Trump: I think he should be here. Here should be here all along.

Unidentified: Come take a picture of mine.

Unidentified: No, I got it.

Unidentified: You got it, brother.

Donald Trump: He chose to [Inaudible]

Question: President Trump, do you think the water is safe?

Donald Trump: It will be safe. It will be safe sooner because FEMA is now coming in. FEMA was not coming. Now, they're coming in. And it will be safe.

Steven Telischak: My mom loves you.

Donald Trump: Yeah. OK.

Steven Telischak: My mom loves me. She's 85 and she loves you, just wanted me to say hello. I'll tell her that.

Question: And, President Trump [Inaudible]

Steven Telischak: This is my son. Look at this.

Donald Trump: Oh, good. Oh, I like this guy.

Steven Telischak: He's a big fan.

Donald Trump: Come here. Take a look. That's -- this is a guy I like. I like him even better than the father. But he voted for Trump, too. Yeah. Is he a good pop?

Unidentified: Yeah, he's good.

Donald Trump: You're a very wealthy young man.

Unidentified: You know, I wrote a note to you in first grade.

Donald Trump: Yeah, you did?

Unidentified: Yeah, I did.

Donald Trump: What did you say?

Unidentified: Well, I was talking about --

Donald Trump: [Inaudible]

Unidentified: I was talking about how you -- how I was voting for you and you're a great president and all that and -- and everything else [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: Thank you, Peter. That's a beautiful thing. Thank you.

Steven Telischak: Thank you.

Donald Trump: He's a very nice boy you have.

Steven Telischak: He follows you all the time. Every time you're on TV, he's telling me all about it.

Donald Trump: That's very nice. You know what we'll do? Here, this is for you. I like that one, but this one's even nicer.

Unidentified: OK.

Donald Trump: It's more expensive, I can tell you. This is triple the price of that one, right?

Steven Telischak: Thank you.

Donald Trump: Come here, folks.

Unidentified: Thank you.

Donald Trump: You know what that is? That's the best smile. That's your best smile. Oh, look at those boxes of food [Inaudible] Do we have a couple more?

Question: What do you make of Biden or rather Buttigieg's criticism of you pulling back rail regulations? Do you think it would have made a difference?

Donald Trump: No, it had nothing to do with it. I had nothing to do -- no, he's got to work on the airports. We've never had airports like this. We're like a third -- like a third-world nation. And this is an example of the breakdowns. All break down. Our whole country is breaking down. And he's really got to look at the airports because I have people that are taking planes and they end up -- they're delayed.

Donald Trump: They're waiting in an airport for three days. It's crazy what's happening.

Question: Are you shocked he hasn't come here yet?

Donald Trump: Oh, he should have been here a long time ago. Boot-Edge-Edge. You know what do you call him? Boot-Edge-Edge. That's the way. He should have been here a long time ago. Now, he was supposed to come today, but he heard I was coming today and he postponed it. But whenever he comes, he's got to do his job. And if we didn't come, they never would have come.

Donald Trump: They made a statement, they will -- they will not come. When he saw that I was coming, pop, you know what happened?

Steven Telischak: I know.

Unidentified: He said, "We'd better get people there right away." So --

Question: You used to keep --

Donald Trump: And FEMA is great. You know, I had a great relationship with FEMA. FEMA is the star.

Question: How to get the job done? That's all [Inaudible]

Question: Mr. President, what do you think of him blaming you for some of the problems with the rail?

Donald Trump: It's actually hard to believe. Every time I see something, I said, "When will they blame Trump?" Now, we -- I suppose they'll blame us for the border. They actually tried that for about an hour. That didn't work. So, we have a border that's a disaster, and they're responsible for destroying -- they are destroying -- systematically destroying our country.

Donald Trump: He knows better than anybody. But they're systematically destroying our country, and it's a shame. And Boot-Edge-Edge should have been here already. Here's -- here's some more hat kits. Anybody want from the media? Anybody want from the media?

Question: What do you think about the railway [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: Have a good time, everybody.