Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-campaign-state-fair-des-moines-iowa-august-12-2023

Donald Trump: They like Trump, and I like them.

Question: [Inaudible] the judge's order regarding the [Inaudible]?

Donald Trump: We'll have to take a look at the order. It's -- the whole thing is a fake. It was put out by Biden, and they put it out because they can't win an election the fair way. It's all called election interference. Biden put it out because he can't win the fair way. He's way down in the polls.

Question: President Trump, did you intend to overturn the 2020 election?

Donald Trump: You know the answer. So, the other candidates came here. They're like six people. Yeah. That was -- I don't know. We've stopped at three different places, and we've -- we've never been treated so well. You know, we got Iowa, you know this, $28 billion from China, 28 billion. I don't think -- nobody else got you $0.10. Got to remember that.

Donald Trump: I just want to thank everybody for being here. You know, we have some very special people, some of the most important Congress people from Washington, from D.C. They came up, they wanted to be here. And if I could, I'd just like to have them come up and say a couple of words and start with Byron and the whole group.

Donald Trump: Byron, come on up.

Byron Donalds: Iowa, are you guys ready to three-peat here in Iowa for Donald Trump? Now, we better prepare for a little bit. I was seeing the hats and the signs back-to-back Iowa champ 2016, 2020, 2024. We're going to three-peat, and we're going to make this man the 47th president of the United States.

Donald Trump: Thank you. Thank you very much. Who's over here? Come on. Oh, here. Come on, [Inaudible]. Come on. We've got to say a couple words. This is one of the most popular people in Congress and one of also the most capable perhaps [Inaudible].

Unidentified: And he's the best guy in bringing our country back. What do you say? We love you. Ladies and gentlemen, why risk it? Why risk it? We had four great years. And now, we have a disaster under Biden, but this man, this great man will bring our country back. God bless you. And please vote in the caucuses on January 15th for President Trump.

Donald Trump: Mike.

Mike Waltz: All right, Iowa, let's do this again. Which president secured our border? [Audience chants "Trump"]

Mike Waltz: Which president took care of crime? [Audience chants "Trump"]

Mike Waltz: Which president had our economy on fire? [Audience chants "Trump"]

Mike Waltz: Which president brought Middle East peace? [Audience chants "Trump"]

Mike Waltz: Near and dear to my heart, which president took care of the U.S. military? So, it's an easy answer. Which president, the president, is going to win on January 15th in Iowa? [Audience chants "Trump"]

Mike Waltz: I salute you, Iowa. Go kick some ass.

Donald Trump: Come here. Be very -- we have to be very careful. She's so strong, but she's going to have a baby in about two hours. We're completely prepared but a [Inaudible] you know who we're dealing with here. We're dealing with some real talents, and we're future-proof. A young Republican Party. And that's even younger right there.

Donald Trump: So, we love you are with us. Thank you for your time.

Anna Paulina Luna: Thank you. Iowa, I'm so happy to be here. As an Air Force veteran, I can tell you that there is only one person that I trust with the future of this country. OK, we have a big problem with China, right? Do you think that any other candidate in the Republican Primary, or even in general, can take on China the way Trump has?

Anna Paulina Luna: It's time to cut the bullshit. We need Trump back in office, right? Thank you.

Donald Trump: Thank you. OK, we got 28 million. Think of it, 28 million for the 12 states. And the biggest piece of that went to -- went to you in Iowa. So, it's an honor. And we did the USMCA. We had the horrible NAFTA deal, the worst trade deal ever made. We made it the best trade deal ever made. The USMCA, in fact, so good that Mexico and Canada want to renegotiate the deal.

Donald Trump: We should not do that. They shouldn't do that. So, I just want to thank you, all. Come on over here. Look at this. A great -- a great veteran. He loves the veterans.

Cory Mills: How you guys doing in Iowa? Who remembers when we used to be able to fill our grocery carts and fill our gas station at the same time? Who's that done under? I can't hear you guys. Who is that done under? [Audience chants "Trump"]

Cory Mills: Who secured our borders? [Audience chants "Trump"]

Cory Mills: Who took care of our veterans? [Audience chants "Trump"]

Cory Mills: Who's going to win Iowa? [Audience chants "Trump"]

Cory Mills: Let's go. Let's get him. On January 15th [Inaudible] Trump back in office. God bless you.

Donald Trump: Thank you. [Inaudible]. Look at the build on this guy. I'm never going to mess with him even beat him around. But this one's from [Inaudible], and he's got that kind of [Inaudible]. And he's a real friend of mine. He has been from the beginning and carries a lot of weight in Washington. They respect him greatly.

Donald Trump: Please.

Unidentified: Ladies and gentlemen, this is the most important election that we have had in generations. We need every single person in this room to show support for President Donald John Trump. If we don't do this, if we don't do this, we will lose our country. And I got a very good feeling, looking at the people here in Iowa that we're going to do just fine.

Unidentified: Thank you all so much. God bless you. And, sir, God bless you, and thank you for the support.

Donald Trump: Thank you. Thank you. Carlos, come on up. One of the most popular people and I can say, with the Hispanics, is the most popular person and my friend. Carlos.

Carlos Gimenez: Thank you. You know, you've heard me before, but who's going to save our future? [Audience chants "Trump"]

Carlos Gimenez: Who's going to save America? [Audience chants "Trump"]

Carlos Gimenez: And take it from a guy who lost his country, we need Donald Trump to save America. He's the person that can. He's the person that will. January 15th, come out and vote for Donald Trump.

Donald Trump: [Inaudible], Carlos. So, this is a man who, in the game between the Republicans and Democrats baseball game, hit the ball out of the park. [Inaudible] He hit a home run, not an inside-the-park home run. He hit it out. And that's a hard thing to do for we could say amateur, but he's no amateur, and he's certainly no amateur with politics.

Donald Trump: He's respected like very few people. He's tough, he's strong, and he's got a big future, Greg Steube. Come on up, Greg. Come on.

Greg Steube: Thank you, Mr. President. I'm honored to be on Team Trump. Yesterday, I filed impeachment articles against Joe Biden. [Audience cheers]

Greg Steube: How many of you think we should impeach Joe Biden? That's why I'm standing next to this man. I'm honored to be on Team Trump. Trump, Trump, Trump. Thank you. [Audience chants "Trump."]

Donald Trump: Thank you. Next. That's right. You have to think of that. He hit it out of the park. And you know what hat he was wearing? The same hat that you are wearing, Make America Great Again. And that was it. A man who's very quiet, works behind the scenes very nicely. I love this guy. Do you know Matt Gaetz? Ever here of Matt Gaetz? [Inaudible]. A very, very special guy.

Donald Trump: A real talented guy, too.

Matt Gaetz: Mr. President, I cannot stand these people that are destroying our country, that are opening our borders, that are weaponizing our federal law enforcement against patriotic Americans who love this nation as we should. We are having a great time at the fair. We love standing with you, but we know that only through force do we make any change in a corrupt town like Washington, D.C. And so, to all my friends here in Iowa, when you see them come for this man, know that they are coming for our movement, and they are coming for all of us. And as hard as you see him work, I need you working 10 times harder, 100 times harder.

Matt Gaetz: We're going to win Iowa. We're going to march to the nomination, and we're going to save the greatest country [Inaudible].

Donald Trump: Thank you. Thank you. Come on up. Can you come up? Come on. Give me your hand, too. So, that's great. I got you.

Brian Mast: He got me.

Donald Trump: So, this is a man who people love. Everybody who knows him loves him. He gave up a lot. He gave up a real lot. And he's one of our most respected congressmen. And I just want to thank you very much for coming. Brian Mast. Everybody knows him. Brian Mast.

Brian Mast: Did you all see the president hold me up there? Did you see that? That's how the president holds up our veterans. And I mean that for real. He holds up our veterans. He doesn't turn his back on our veterans. He takes care of our veterans. That is our president, Donald J. Trump. We had him before. We're going to have him again.

Brian Mast: We salute you, sir.

Donald Trump: Thank you, Brian. So, I just want to thank -- this has been really -- it's a trip of love, but it is all over the country. No matter where we go, there's never been enthusiasm. You know, we did great in 2016. We won. We did much better -- I hate to say this, we did much better in 2020. The election was rigged, and we got millions and millions more votes.

Donald Trump: And I will say, 2020 was fantastic. 2016 was fantastic. But we have never seen love and enthusiasm. Some of the people where -- where we stopped, and we stopped in 2020, we stopped in 2016. This blows it away. We set a record for people today, and you're very special. You're very special to me. And we are going to take care of our country.

Donald Trump: We are going to take care of Iowa, and you're going to be proud of our country again. Right now, our country is a laughing stock all over the world. What we're doing to our country, with millions and millions of people pouring into our country with no voter ID, with so many things, it's just so horrible.

Donald Trump: You see your taxes are going through the roof. You know what I -- what I've done -- and I just feel so strongly about the farmers. You had somebody say, well, we don't really care about the farmers, meaning about the other side, and they don't care about the farmers. I don't even think they're coming here to campaign because they know they're not going to be able to -- they're not going to be able to beat us. Nobody's done what we've done.

Donald Trump: And I'm not just talking about those kind of dollars. You have a man that I just see here just came up, and I saw him at two of the other stops. Matt Whitaker, he's been such a great -- a great friend of mine. I'd like to ask him, could you come up for one second? Where is Matt? Good. Thank you very much.

Donald Trump: He's a big guy, isn't it?

Matt Whitaker: Mr. President, welcome to Iowa again. Everybody, I want to check, is Trump's favorite attorney general -- I want to make sure you texted Iowa to 88022. Did you do that? Are you going to caucus for Donald Trump on January 15th? And is Donald Trump going to win Iowa by 30 points? Is he going to win by 40 points?

Matt Whitaker: Or can Donald Trump set the record and win Iowa by 50 points? You have my full support, Mr. President. Let's go win.

Donald Trump: Thank you. So, we'll be back. We have not taken any chances. We're way up at the polls in Iowa and all over the country. We're up by over 50 points. That's a lot, but we don't want to take any chances. We'll be back. We love you very much. And you take care of yourselves. Stay healthy. Stay healthy. Stay -- and, you know, stay strong.

Donald Trump: You have to stay strong. We have bad, bad people from within. I say we have problems from the outside, and we have problems from the inside. And the inside is a much bigger problem because we can handle the outside ones. But the inside ones are very, very bad. They're very bad. They're destroying our country.

Donald Trump: What they're doing to our country is unthinkable. So, stay strong. We are going to win big, and we're going to make America great again. Thank you very much. Thank you.

Question: President Trump. President Trump, in Georgia -- President Trump --

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. [Inaudible].

Question: President Trump, in Georgia, do you defend and stand by the actions of your allies in the [Inaudible] election?

Donald Trump: You have to speak louder.

Question: After -- in Georgia, do you defend the actions of your allies following the 2020 election in Georgia?

Donald Trump: Many of the allies [Inaudible] because, to be honest, we have so many allies [Inaudible] I don't know. So, [Inaudible]. I'll can tell you this. When these people want to see democracy, they want to see a nation be great again, right? Now, our nation is going down the tubes. Our nation is going down. So, we have a lot of allies that I don't know, but they're allies nevertheless.

Donald Trump: I can't speak to them [Inaudible] nobody can answer that question. But I can tell you one thing. There was a lot of shenanigans going on with the elections. Whether you look at 2,000 Mules, whether you look at the 51 intelligence agents who is all rigged, when you look at Twitter and FBI and the DOJ and the -- take a look at what happened with DOJ.

Donald Trump: Take a look at what happened with Twitter. It's a disgrace. So, a lot of bad things took place during that election. And there are allies. We all have allies. These are our greatest allies. We're respected all over the country, and I'm very happy to have them. We just had polls come out. We're leading by 50 points and even more than 50 points.

Donald Trump: Do you know why? Because people believe in us, and we just want to make -- it's very simple. We want to make America great again.

Question: Mr. President, have you spoken to Iowa governor, Kim Reynolds, recently, and [Inaudible]?

Donald Trump: I have a very nice relationship with her. I got her elected, I endorsed her, I came and did a rally when she was very far behind. I liked it very much. I was very happy to have done the rally. We did the rally, and she ended up going up. I actually did a couple of rallies for her, and she ended up winning the election instead of losing the election.

Donald Trump: I like her very much. That's why I came to do rallies for her. Please.

Question: [Inaudible]?

Donald Trump: I'll tell you, that's a question I happen to like. I could just say thank you very much. You know, first of all, I do. Thank you. You're a real pro, by the way. Real professional. The country appreciates it. The fact is we had great four years, but we did it in four years. We built the greatest economy in the world.

Donald Trump: And then we did it actually twice because it was interrupted, unfortunately, by a gift from China, COVID. And it should have never happened. But we built the greatest economy ever. We rebuilt our military. We gave the largest tax cuts ever, the largest regulation cuts ever. We got out of all the wars. We beat ISIS, defeated ISIS, took out the worst terrorists of the world.

Donald Trump: We did more than just about any president has done. And I think when you ask that question, I'm honored by it. But the fact is, they're not picking up any traction. They're losing by tremendous numbers. We just left the scene that all of you were there, I assume, and they set a record for thousands and thousands of people.

Donald Trump: And for the other candidates, some of them had one and two and three people. There was nobody there, maybe a wife and a son. So, we just -- you saw the scene over there, setting a record in the history of the state fair, which is probably just about the biggest or one of the biggest in the country. That was the biggest crowd they've ever had.

Donald Trump: So, there are a lot of people that feel that we're way up in Iowa, we're way up in New Hampshire, and we're way up in South Carolina, the first three states. And more than anything, we're way up all over the nation. Thank you for that question. Thank you, everybody. I'll see you like very soon. Have a good time.

Question: Is there any chance you'd take a plea deal?

Question: Sir, can we get one more photo?

Question: Is there any -- is there -- is there any chance you'd take a plea deal in Georgia?

Donald Trump: I don't do plea deals. We did nothing wrong. We don't have to take a plea deal. We don't take plea deals. It's a wiseguy question. Mr. Wiseguy. We don't take plea deals because I did nothing wrong. It's called election interference. You know what that is? These indictments are brought out by Biden who can't even put two sentences together.

Donald Trump: This is Joe Biden. He can't win the election by himself. He can't win the election based on votes. So, what they did is they got the attorney general to do it. And then you see how stupid they acted yesterday with the appointment of the special counsel, called it special counsel. And what a crazy thing that was.

Donald Trump: And it's being laughed at all over the world. The fact is that we have a country that's in serious trouble. We have a country that's in major decline. I don't mean decline, I mean major decline. And we're going to straighten it out. This group and a lot of people just like this group. We're going to straighten it out, and we're going to make America great again.

Donald Trump: Mr. Wiseguy. Thank you very much, everybody. Thank you.