Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-newsnation-town-call-telephone-call-las-vegas-october-24-2024

Chris Cuomo: Unlike Beetlejuice, if you invoke the former president's names too many times in a row --

JD Vance: Oh, no.

Chris Cuomo: He's going to want to weigh in on what is being said about him. We have a call right now from former President Donald John Trump. He wants to weigh in. [Applause] Mr. President, I know there's a little bit of a delay. Can you hear us? And what is your question for the Senator?

Donald Trump: Well, I can hear you, Chris. And I do have a question, and I think it will be quite an interesting one. The answer should be easy. How brilliant is Donald J. Trump? [Applause]

Chris Cuomo: Take your time. Think about it.

JD Vance: Well, first of all, sir, this is supposed to be undecided voters. I would hope that I have your vote of all people, but I -- here -- here's -- first of all, sir, of course, you're very brilliant, and we -- we both agree -- we both agree that it's important to have very smart people running our government.

JD Vance: But here's -- here's the thing about President Trump that --

Donald Trump: That's right.

JD Vance: A side of you, sir, if you'll forgive me for -- for telling this story, that I think often people don't see. And, of course, I got my beautiful wife here in the front row. And one of my favorite moments with President Trump is we were hosting an event for him near our home in Cincinnati a few months ago.

JD Vance: And, of course, you know, my wife is a little bit nervous to really, you know, talk to the -- the president of the United States. And he asked her, "What do you think about your husband being in public service?" And she gives -- if you know my wife -- a very diplomatic answer. "You know, sir, he really cares about the people of Ohio. He's thrilled to be able to serve them. And I'm happy to support him however I can."

JD Vance: And President Trump chuckles and goes, "Yeah, my wife hates it, too." And -- and the thing that it did is it just immediately broke the barrier. And it wasn't the former president. It was just a person talking to my wife. And I think you guys were able to have a nice conversation. But that ability to relate to anybody in any environment, I think that's the true brilliance of Donald J. Trump. [Applause]

Donald Trump: That's very nice, and I appreciate it. Maybe I'll ask a second one. I watched, believe it or not, CNN last night. And in watching it, I watched the town hall with Kamala. Now, let me ask you a second -- and it was not good. How brilliant is Kamala?

JD Vance: Oh, that's a very tough one, sir. I'm -- I'm supposed to say --

Donald Trump: That sucks.

JD Vance: Something.

Donald Trump: Don't say it. Don't say -- we don't want to hear. We don't need any more. We -- we're doing just fine. And by the way, Chris, JD is doing a fantastic job, could not be happier. He's really captivated people, and they love him. And we're leading by a lot, as you know, the early voting. We don't -- people don't want to talk about it.

Donald Trump: I shouldn't be talking about it, but we're leading by a landslide, as they say. And we're very happy about it. And again, we're very happy with you, Chris. Take care of yourself.

Chris Cuomo: All right. Thank you, Mr. President.

JD Vance: Take care, man. Mr. President, thank you. [Applause] Well --

Chris Cuomo: Take care of myself? Was that kind of -- some kind of veiled threat? Do you have some kind of policy for journalists in the next administration if you win?

JD Vance: No, man. We're pro-First Amendment. We're the only candidate that -- the candidates that are pro-First Amendment in this race.

Chris Cuomo: Hey, thanks for watching. Go to joinnn.com to find NewsNation on your screen. And don't forget, click the red subscribe button below to get more of NewsNation's fact-driven, unbiased coverage.