Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-after-court-new-york-march-25-2024

Donald Trump: OK. Thank you very much. It's a great honor to be with you at 40 Wall Street, and we appreciate, you have a lot of press outside, and I think we're going to start before a lot of them come in, which, frankly, always makes me happy. So, we have a lot of things happened today. This is all about election interference.

Donald Trump: This is all Biden-run things, meaning Biden and his thugs, because I don't know if he knows he's alive. And it's a shame. It's a shame what's happening to our country. This is election interference. They are doing things that have never been done in this country before. We've never had anything like it, certainly not at this level.

Donald Trump: But we've really had nothing like it that I've been able to find. It does happen a lot in third-world countries, banana republics. If you look at what we just left, you had a -- you have a case which they're dying to get this thing started. The judge cannot go faster. He wants to get it started so badly.

Donald Trump: And there's tremendous corruption. You have Pomerantz, Mark Pomerantz. He was Hillary Clinton's lawyer, Democratic National Committee's lawyer. He worked in Paul, Weiss. He walked in and he took over the -- the district attorney's office, nobody's ever seen anything like that, to prosecute Trump. And then they wouldn't do what he wanted to do. And they -- he goes out and he writes a book long before any decisions were made.

Donald Trump: He writes a book about it. And the book gets published, and everybody's reading his book. And the judge said there's nothing wrong with that. And if you look at Bragg, Bragg had a fit over that. Bragg said, "This trial is now dead. We can't do the trial." Well, that was one of the problems. And the judge shouldn't have allowed that to happen.

Donald Trump: And you had other instances like Colangelo. Colangelo is a radical left from the DOJ who was put into the state, working with Letitia James, and then was put into the district attorney's office to run the trial against Trump. And that was done by Biden and his thugs, also, because they can't win an election because of the borders, because of energy prices, because of inflation, because of Afghanistan, the worst and most embarrassing day in the history of our country.

Donald Trump: He can't win because of Russia, Russia, Russia, because of all the problems, because of Ukraine being attacked by Russia. And he can't win because of the October 7th attack of Israel, which he should have never allowed to happen. Would have never happened if I were president. Ukraine would have never been attacked if I was president.

Donald Trump: And you wouldn't have inflation if I was president. We didn't have inflation. So, all of these things, so what they do is they do election interference, which is court cases and let's try and tie him up and let's take as much of his money as possible. I respect the Appellate Division for substantially reducing that ridiculous amount of money that was put on by a corrupt judge named Engoron.

Donald Trump: He ought to be looked at -- seriously looked at, especially what he did with valuations. He -- he's the one, he's a fraudulent valuator where he values Mar-a-Lago at $18 million, and people say it's worth 50 to 100 times that much, the biggest experts in the business. So, he ought to be looked at, and James ought to be looked at because she tried to get him.

Donald Trump: She's like the puppet master of the judge. And, you know, our state, this state, is losing tremendous prestige. It's losing its companies. It's losing its people. They're fleeing. And violent crime is flourishing. And we can't have that. We can't have that. No city should have that. And it's happening in other cities, but not with the lawfare.

Donald Trump: The lawfare that they're doing is incredible. So, they could have done this in the case of the trial that we just left, one of the many that are going, every single one of them is run by Biden and his thugs. It's the only way they think they can get elected. And I think, so far, it's backfiring because the people of this country understand it. It's backfiring.

Donald Trump: But they're being run, and they're running all of these different cases. So, ridiculous, the cases. Every one of them is ridiculous. You take a look at any one of them and you say any one of them, it wouldn't make any difference, this is all weaponization of DOJ and FBI. They raided my house in violation of a thing called the Fourth Amendment.

Donald Trump: Not allowed to do that. They raided my house in Florida, Mar-a-Lago, and no notice, no nothing. They raided it. I can't believe it. Nobody can believe it. And we'll see how that all works out in the end. But it's illegal, what they're doing. It's criminal, what they're doing. And it's never been done before in this country.

Donald Trump: You can't have an election in the middle of a political season. We just had Super Tuesday, and we had a Tuesday after Tuesday already. And we had Louisiana the other day, a couple of days ago, and we won in a record number, the highest number ever recorded. And -- but we're in the middle of an election right now, and we're fighting crooked Joe Biden, who's the worst president in the history of our country, by far, who's let this country go to hell.

Donald Trump: The borders, millions and millions of people coming in from prisons, from mental institutions. They're terrorists. Many people coming in from prisons and mental institutions. Think of it. And terrorists are coming into our country. And this guy is just letting them come in by the millions. I think we have 15 million people already.

Donald Trump: People don't say that. I say it, and I'll bet I'm right, too. So, we're going through this weaponization of our government to try and knock out somebody's political opponent. And so far, based on the polls, it's not working at all. The people understand it. We have a man who just ruled, he'd like the trial to start in 21 days or something.

Donald Trump: And I don't know how you're going to have a trial that's going on right in the middle of an election. Not fair. Not fair. It's not fair at all. He knows that, too. He's a Democrat judge. He wants to do that because they're all trying to damage Trump as much as possible. It's having the reverse effect, but maybe someday, it won't. I don't know.

Donald Trump: But it's having the reverse effect. It's a terrible, terrible precedent, a terrible thing to do. They could have started this when I left office. You could have gone back three years, more than that. When I left office, all of these things could have been started so we wouldn't be quibbling over starting this week or that week or two days or three days.

Donald Trump: It wouldn't have mattered. This thing would have been over two years ago. They could have started it. They should have never started because there's no case. If you read Andy McCarthy's piece, if you read Jonathan Turley's piece, if you read legal scholars all over the world, they say this DA case is a hoax and it's something that shouldn't have -- it's not even a crime.

Donald Trump: They say there's no crime. And there is no crime. So, I just say it's a sad day for this country when you have something like this. And remember the words, should have been started three years ago if they were going to start it at all, and then you wouldn't be quibbling over what week it's going to -- days.

Donald Trump: They're quibbling over days and hours. They wouldn't be quibbling at all. They never started it. And you know why they didn't start it? Because they didn't know I'd be running and they didn't know how well I'd do. And if I were not running or if I were doing poorly, like everyone else has done, because they're all gone, they're all knocked out, except for crooked Joe Biden, if I were doing poorly, this wouldn't be happening and none of these trials would have been happening.

Donald Trump: If I wasn't running, they wouldn't be happening. So, it's a sad day in our country in many respects. But the good day is that the Appellate Division was fair. It's a lot of money still, but the judge is corrupt, in my opinion. He's the most overturned judge. He's been overturned five times in this case alone.

Donald Trump: He ruled against me before he even knew anything about the case. He ruled against me. The whole case was all about damages, and there were no damages. And perhaps you'll get him to tell you about what took place in terms of a settlement negotiation because those weren't the numbers he was discussing. Those weren't the numbers.

Donald Trump: It's a disgrace, what's happening in our country. And we have to get our country back, and we're going to get our country back. That's what's going to happen. November 5th, I believe, will be the most important day in the history of our country. We'll get these people out of there and we'll seal up the borders and we'll, as I say, drill, baby, drill.

Donald Trump: We'll be drilling. We'll get energy costs down. We'll get rid of the ridiculous electric car mandate. So, nobody's ever heard of anything so foolish and so stupid. And we'll bring crime back to law and order. We're going to get those words, law and order back, because our cities are -- are a disaster. Greatly respect the decision of the Appellate Division and we will abide by that.

Donald Trump: We'll put up cash or bond very quickly. Securities, cash, or bond, whatever it is, we'll put it up very quickly. And we'll win the case. Todd -- maybe I'll have Todd say a couple of words, and then I'll have any questions or anything you want to ask, OK? Todd, wherever you may be, please.

Todd Blanche: Thank you, President Trump. So, as we said in court today, we very much believe that starting this trial in April or even starting this trial at any point before -- before the election is completely unfair to President Trump. It's completely unfair to the American people who are evaluating who they want to be the next president.

Todd Blanche: And we're going to continue -- we are going to continue to fight. We're going to continue to do everything that we can to defend President Trump in that courtroom. And like we said today, we believe that we have a tremendous amount of information now in our hands to help us do that. And -- and in any event, we certainly feel as if the date that -- that Judge Merchan held today, April 15th, is not a date we should go to trial, and we're going to continue to fight.

Donald Trump: And if you read the Andy McCarthy article or Jonathan Turley or many of the legals, I think almost every single one of them, that's not even a crime. We're being tried for something that's not even a crime. They say, at most, it's a misdemeanor, but there's no misdemeanor either. So, we have violent criminals that are murdering people, killing people.

Donald Trump: We have drug dealers all over the place, and they go free and they can do whatever they want. But they go after Trump where there's not even a crime. And did you see the number of people who were there? You had Colangelo and behind him -- and then remember this. Colangelo was a DOJ guy. He's a Biden DOJ guy.

Donald Trump: Why is he in the Manhattan DA's office trying the case? That, in itself, is a conflict. He's in the Manhattan DA's office trying the case. I mean, that's called a conflict. And then remember what I told you, also. Mark Pomerantz, when Bragg heard about it, he went openly hostile. He said, "That's one of the worst things I've heard." And you all covered that.

Donald Trump: Then all of a sudden, time goes by -- you know, the great healer is time. Time goes by, and all of a sudden, they forget that. But that's a terrible thing. Colangelo and Pomerantz, terrible thing. And the judge didn't want to rule on that. He said everything was fine, that what they did was fine. I don't think it's fine when they take a Hillary Clinton lawyer and put him in to prosecute me. I don't think that's fine.

Donald Trump: I think it's very bad. And he does it on the house. He does it without fee. I don't want any fee. I don't want any fee. Our country has gone down a long way. Cliff, would you like to say something?

Clifford Robert: Just simply, we're gratified by the Appellate Division's decision today, which shows that there still is a rule of law in New York and that the Appellate Division is following it. Thank you, sir.

Question: Sir, do you have [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: Well, I shouldn't have a trial. This is not a trial. This is not an act of criminality.

Question: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: I don't know if we're having one. We're going to be appealing right now. I can tell you that. We did nothing wrong, just like I did nothing wrong in the other case. My statements, my financial statements were conservative. They were low, not high. I mean, he valued Mar-a-Lago at a tiny fraction of what it is. He's the fraud.

Donald Trump: He created a fraud in order to help his narrative and her narrative because he does whatever she wants. And the judge is really -- what he's done is fraudulent. He made Mar-a-Lago -- you know it very well, Maggie. He made Mar-a-Lago into $18 million. I had many offers. They said, I'll give you 19, OK? You could take the -- half of the living room is worth more than that.

Donald Trump: So, it's worth anywhere from 50 to 100 times that amount. And he stays with it. So, he's either whacked out or dishonest, one or the other, or both. Probably both. But he's a disgrace to the system. And I think that New York state was helped a lot today by the decision. I'll give you an example. Truth Social is doing very well.

Donald Trump: It's hot as a pistol and doing great, and it's going public. And the New York Stock Exchange wants to have us badly. And I told them we can't do the New York Stock Exchange. You'll treat it too badly in New York. We don't want to do the New York Stock Exchange. And the people at the stock exchange are very, very upset about it. The top person is -- is mortified.

Donald Trump: Can't believe it. He said, "I'm losing business because of New York, because people don't want to be in New York and they don't want to go into the New York Stock Exchange." So, you can ask them about it. But, you know, how can you do that? I'd love to go in the New York Stock Exchange. It was always -- you know, it would be a big thing to go in the New York Stock Exchange.

Donald Trump: That would be nice. But people aren't going in the New York Stock Exchange now because of what's happening in New York, because they don't want to be attacked by a thug like this horrible attorney general that we have in New York, the worst in the whole country. So, we'll decide about Truth Social and what we do with it. But there's just an example of how this is hurting New York and New York state.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Question: Mr. President, can you give us a little bit more detail about the timing of when you plan to secure the bond and how exactly you're planning to pay the bond?

Donald Trump: Well, as I say, I have a lot of cash. You know I do because you looked at my statements. I mean, you've been examining my statements for a long time. And I have much more than that in cash. But I would also like to be able to use some of my cash to get elected. They don't want me to use my cash to get elected.

Donald Trump: They don't want that. They don't want me taking cash out to use it for the campaign. Then they looked at it and this judge looked at it, and he's part of the whole deal. And well, he's such a disgrace for this city. Again, the most overturned judge. There's never been that we can find a case where a judge has been overturned now five times.

Donald Trump: It was four times. Now, it's five times he's been overturned. But I have a lot of cash and a great company. I mean, to think they want to go after a company. This is a great company. A company that's doing very well. I've got very low debt on buildings like this building. I have very low debt on this building.

Donald Trump: Most buildings, I have no debt. Most clubs, I have no debt. You took -- look at my greatest assets, I have no debt. I didn't even include, like, brand value. And the brand value is -- I became president because of the brand, let's say. But the brand value is -- it's one of the most valuable brand values.

Donald Trump: I think it's -- I wouldn't swap it for any other brand in the world. Trump. I don't even put anything down for it. I had very conservative statements, and the way they made them look bad is by valuing Mar-a-Lago at $18 million, instead of what the real value is, which was at least 50 to maybe 100 times more.

Donald Trump: Think of that. This is the fraud. They're creating a fraud, and they're hurting the state so badly. And then I can't go into the New York Stock Exchange because I can't do business because I don't want to do, not because I can't, because I don't want to do business in New York. And the people at the New York Stock Exchange, I can tell you right now, and they're very fine people, they're not happy.

Donald Trump: Yeah. You were going to say something.

Question: Mr. President, you mentioned the cash you had, you said on Friday, something like 500 million. You intend to put some of that into the campaign. Now that the bonds have been reduced, are you going to start putting money into your campaigns? You haven't done that since 2016.

Donald Trump: Yeah. Yeah. Well, first of all, it's none of your business, I mean, frankly, but I might -- I might do that. I have the option. But if I have to spend 500 million on a bond, I wouldn't have that option. I'd have to start selling things. I don't have to sell anything because I'm a -- it's a phenomenal company.

Donald Trump: Look, I built a phenomenal company. Someday, they'll actually report that. I built a phenomenal company that's very low leverage, unbelievably low leverage, with a lot of cash, a lot of everything else. Why should I let a crooked judge make a decision to give $450 million that allows me to spend very little money on my campaign?

Donald Trump: If I so choose, I'll be spending money on my campaign. I might spend a lot of money on my campaign, but I should have that option. A crooked judge shouldn't say, we're going to have you post a bond and take all of that money that I could be spending on a campaign or other things if I want to do other things.

Donald Trump: So, we were gratified by the professionalism of the opinion today. I thought it was a very -- I think it's a very important opinion for New York. But the only thing that's going to really solve that problem is when I win because you're going to have to win because no company is going to be coming to New York if I don't win that case.

Donald Trump: That case is a scam, it's a sham, and it's a hoax.

Question: How does this [Inaudible]

Question: Have you ever accepted money from a foreign government [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: No, I don't -- I don't do that. I'd be -- I think you'd be allowed to, possibly, I don't know. I mean, if you go borrow from a big bank, many of the banks are outside of this -- as you know, the biggest banks, frankly, are outside of our country. So, you could do that. But I don't need to borrow money. I have a lot of money.

Donald Trump: I have a lot of -- I built a great company, but I don't want to have a crooked judge named Engoron and a crooked, horrible, the worst, the worst, I would say without question, attorney general in the country, the most obnoxious and the worst attorney general in the whole country. And she did it for political reasons.

Donald Trump: Go back and take a look at her ads. We will stop Trump. She knows nothing about me. I never heard of her. She was advertising and she took ads in saying "We will stop Trump. We will stop him. Stop him." Vicious. I said, "Boy, that's a bad one." Then I look, she got elected. But then she tried to do it with the governor, and it didn't work.

Donald Trump: She went after the current governor, who's much more talented than she is. She went after the current governor. She was very nasty, and she polled at about 3%. She polled at nothing. And after six weeks or seven weeks, she pulled out of the race. She ran for governor, you know, on what she was doing to me. She thought that would work.

Donald Trump: It didn't work. I just think that it's very important that -- you know, this is a time when businesses have a choice to go to a lot of places, including other countries. They don't have to stay in our country. But they can certainly go also to a lot of other states. A lot of people are going to Texas, Florida, Tennessee, North Carolina, a lot of -- South Carolina.

Donald Trump: And you have a lot of competition. You shouldn't be persecuting people that have done a great job. I paid $300 million approximately over the years in taxes here, 300 million. That's a lot of money. And you're going to lose those people that pay all that money, and you're not even going to have a state anymore.

Donald Trump: They just won't be able to do it. Yeah.

Question: Back to the trial here in three weeks, do you plan to testify [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: The -- which -- which hearing?

Question: The trial hearing.

Donald Trump: I don't know that you're going to have the trial. I don't know how you can have a trial like this in the middle of an election, a presidential election. And this is -- again, this is a Biden trial. These are all Biden trials because Colangelo works for Biden. Can you imagine, they take a guy out of DOJ and they put him into the attorney general's office and then into the Manhattan DA's office to go after Trump?

Donald Trump: These are all Biden trials. So, I don't know that you're going to have it. I think we're going to get some court rulings. Yeah, please.

Question: Will you testify in that trial [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: I would have no problem testifying. I didn't do anything wrong.

Question: And were you concerned that a conviction, if you are convicted in that trial, could cost you the election, given what Todd said voters [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: Well, it could also make me more popular because the people know it's a scam. It's a Biden trial. This is a Biden -- there is no trial. There's a Biden trial. Colangelo, the man who stood up, had the nerve to actually stand up and take over. You know, he's been sitting in the background for the last year.

Donald Trump: Today, he went right up front because they figure he buffaloed the whole public and the writers, including you, people. He got it buffaloed. They forgot. They didn't -- you know, a little while ago, time, time -- sort of people forget with time. They don't have good memories. I do. They don't have good memories.

Donald Trump: But Colangelo from the DOJ was put there to go after Trump. And today, he stood up and he took over the whole office. He's been running the whole thing. He's been signing the letters. He's been doing things for a long time. Nobody's ever seen anything like it. This is all done by the Democrat Party, and it's all done by Biden and his group.

Donald Trump: I don't know if it's Biden because I don't know if Biden is even sharp enough. I don't know if Biden knows what's happening if you want to know the truth. Maybe he does. He probably does. But this is all done by Biden and the thugs that work for Biden. And it's a very bad thing. It's a very dangerous thing for our country.

Donald Trump: Thank you all very much. Thank you.