Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-campaign-office-roseville-michigan-august-26-2024

Donald Trump: [inaudible] but I want to thank everybody. We thought we'd bring you some pizza.

Unidentified: Yeah. Thank you. Thank you.

Donald Trump: We have plenty coming. But we're doing well. We have great poll numbers, we're looking good. I think people are just tired of it with these people.

Unidentified: That's true.

Donald Trump: He goes on a vacation, he comes back, he goes on another vacation.

Unidentified: Yeah.

Donald Trump: And they're talking nuclear war, OK? We have a guy talking nuclear war, and we have somebody that has no clue. It's terrible. And she's worse than he is. She's a Marxist, and she's worse than he is, frankly. So, it's, you know, so disappointing. Can you imagine He's on vacation in California? They basically take away his -- his nomination.

Donald Trump: Nobody's ever seen anything like that before. So, he leaves and goes on vacation. He got 14 -- in all fairness to him, I'm no fan of sleepy Joe, believe me, but he got 14 million votes. He got no votes, and they took it away. And, you know, they did the same thing. We signed up RFK who's great. He's a good guy that some of you -- but they wouldn't let him compete.

Donald Trump: They wouldn't let him. If he competed as a Democrat, he would have won. I think he would have won the nomination over -- then I would have had to run against him. I'd rather run against these people. But, you know, it's just one of those things, but we were in the neighborhood. We were talking to the National Guard.

Donald Trump: It was great. It was really fantastic. And I said we got to come over and see -- we really have this -- if we can win this state, we win the whole thing. We win the whole thing. [Audience responds affirmatively] And we're going to win the whole thing. We have a couple of states that look real good that aren't traditionally Republican, but you don't even like to have to count on it.

Donald Trump: You know, we have these -- these great places that we did phenomenally on last year, as you said, yeah, we -- last time. We had a great race in 2016, but we did much better in 2020. Think of it, got millions and millions more votes. But I will say they were both great. But there's more enthusiasm now than there was then. Wouldn't you say so?

Unidentified: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Wouldn't you say? Because --

Unidentified: Trump. Trump. Trump.

Donald Trump: And really, the difference is that we see how incompetent they are. We see what's going on. We see how -- how just grossly incompetent. The war with Russia-Ukraine would have never happened. The Israeli attack would have never happened. You wouldn't have inflation. You wouldn't have had that Afghanistan horror show that the press never talks about.

Donald Trump: They refuse to talk about it. And we are going to do something that, I think, will be just unbelievable. I told a very respected person in terms of leadership in Europe is -- from Hungary, Viktor Orban, and he said, "If Trump were back, there'd be no wars," because they respected us. He used -- he used stronger language than that.

Donald Trump: I won't use it because I'm embarrassed. But he used much stronger language than that, but he -- but they respected us, and they're going to respect us again because, right now, we're a laughing stock all over the world. We're a laughing stock. And she's worse than Biden. I think Kamala -- I call her comrade Kamala because she's like -- she's a total Marxist.

Donald Trump: I mean, the whole thing is -- her father is a Marxist professor. He taught her well. And then, she goes and she goes flip-flopping all over the place. Every single thing that she believed in two years ago and a year ago, she now says, "Oh, no, I'd love to go fracking." She's not going to frack. She's not going to do anything.

Donald Trump: And the country is going to go down. This -- the country will go down -- she is, but the country will go down. So, I just wanted to pay my respects. We love you all. We're going to be back. We're going to be back. And, oh, look, we have -- John, we have everybody, Lisa.

Unidentified: Lisa.

Donald Trump: And that was great. We just -- we all were together on the last one, and it was great. And, you know, Tulsi, so Tulsi just endorsed me -- Tulsi just endorsed me in front of the National Guard. That made it permanent, you know, when you're in front of the National Guard. She gave us a great endorsement, actually.

Donald Trump: And I've had a lot of respect for her for a long time. And, you know, to a large extent you are about common sense, too. John's about common sense.

Unidentified: We love John. Yeah.

Donald Trump: Lisa's a killer, Lisa --

Unidentified: Lisa. Lisa.

Donald Trump: How good -- how good is she, right?

Unidentified: She's good. She rocks.

Donald Trump: But this is an incredible group, and we just appreciate it. Again, if we win here, you know Tulsi, we do the -- all these things. And who knows, right? But you win here. Automakers, the automakers and the autoworkers, you can forget the auto industry if we don't win. We're going to bring tremendous amounts of plants in.

Donald Trump: We're going to bring them in because we're going to do it with tariffs. It's so simple. They're building now two of the largest plants in the world in Mexico, and China owns them. And they think they're going to make cars, and they're going to sell them into the United States. And there's not going to be a price to pay.

Donald Trump: We're not going to let them do it. They're going to take all our jobs. These plants are massive. A couple of them could take half of Detroit. You know, the -- the real, it's the real deal. A friend of mine builds plants. I said I want to go see a plant. I want to see what it's like. "Oh, good. We'll go to Mexico."

Donald Trump: I said, "No, I want to see one here." He said the big ones are being built in Mexico and they're being -- and they're owned by China to a large extent. The two that I'm talking about are owned -- can you believe it? This wouldn't have happened. Four years ago, they were not doing it because they said if you build a plant, you got 150 percent tariff that we're putting and you're not going to be able to sell your car.

Donald Trump: You could sell it, but you're not selling it in here. And you -- they will destroy our auto industry totally. And we're going to make it -- we're going to double it up. I'll bet you, we will double it up within the 2.5 year period. In 2.5 years, it'll be doubled up. So, just remember -- so I just want to -- you want to spread the word to this character that that the head of the union, he is selling them down the tubes.

Donald Trump: I just saw a poll, we have 88 percent of the autoworkers, and he endorsed --

Unidentified: Yeah.

Donald Trump: And he endorsed sleepy Joe. Crooked Joe, sleepy Joe, I guess it doesn't matter anymore. Somebody said, "Oh, you shouldn't waste your time. He's the president, right?"

Unidentified: Yeah.

Donald Trump: He's the president. They said, "Oh, don't waste your time with him. He doesn't matter." Can you believe it? So we're going to have a great time. When you look at their convention, when you look at what they were really saying and what they weren't saying is worse, they didn't say what they're going to be doing.

Donald Trump: I will tell you, we're going to have -- we're going to make America greater than ever before. I appreciate your support. And that woman with those beautiful eyes and she's crying. She's crying because she said, "Sir, you won it the last time." And we did. He won it the last time, too, by the way.

Unidentified: Yeah. Yeah.

Donald Trump: I'll be honest. He may -- he's less controversial than me. He may not want -- but he won it the last time. But he's doing great anyway. John is doing great. Thank you all very much. We appreciate it. Enjoy the pizza. OK, thank you.

Unidentified: We love you. [inaudible]

Donald Trump: Thank you. Thank you. We'll come back. We'll be back. We'll be back a lot. Thank you very much.

Unidentified: Thank you.

Donald Trump: You want?

Unidentified: Thank you.

Donald Trump: Come on? You want to [inaudible]

Unidentified: Yeah [inaudible]

Donald Trump: Come on, you good man. You know --

Unidentified: He is a good man. Yeah. Yeah.

Donald Trump: Come on, take a picture. [inaudible]

Unidentified: Come on up. Do you want to get up there -- take picture [inaudible] Antonio.

Donald Trump: [inaudible]

Unidentified: What? Thank you for coming. [inaudible] Yeah. [inaudible] Thank you. I will. Then why are you in here? Tulsi, you're beautiful [inaudible] [inaudible] coming to Michigan. President Trump's a hero. He is our hero. Yes. Yeah.

Donald Trump: Thank you. [inaudible] I like that hat.

Unidentified: Thank you, buddy. Thank you.

Donald Trump: Come on in, come on in.

Unidentified: What?

Donald Trump: [inaudible]

Unidentified: [inaudible] Get it? I got you. [inaudible] Get over here. [inaudible] Ready? Great. [inaudible]

Donald Trump: Which one is at -- is that the new one?

Unidentified: [inaudible] [inaudible] Thank you. [inaudible] [inaudible] Back up. [inaudible] yes. [inaudible]

Donald Trump: Let's -- let's take a good picture.

Unidentified: [inaudible] right here. [inaudible] this is going to make your day a lot. I'll be quiet. [inaudible] [inaudible] [inaudible] I'm seeing people that are going from Democrat to Republican --

Donald Trump: Like you've never seen before.

Unidentified: Like I've never seen before.