Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-campaign-volunteers-des-moines-iowa-january-14-2024

Donald Trump: What a group. What a group. You know, I like this hat so much, I said I'm going to wear it today. Should I? Should I?

Unidentified: Yeah.

Unidentified: Yes. Yes.

Donald Trump: If you have a beautiful hair like this, you don't have to do this. No, I really like it. Well, thank you for everything. We have a big day coming up. And tomorrow is -- tomorrow is, I think, something special. We just had a poll. What was the number like? Seventy-one to 10, national polls, 71 to 10 and nine.

Donald Trump: And we had another one come out, 69 to 11 and two. I mean, these people are dropping like rocks.

Unidentified: Yeah.

Donald Trump: And we're not.

Unidentified: Right.

Donald Trump: There seems to be something about 50%. Now, it doesn't matter from a number standpoint, I guess, you know, from delegates, but there seems to be a number, and I don't know why they're -- I think they're doing it so that they can set a high expectation. So, if we end up with 49%, which would be about 25 points bigger than anyone else ever got, they can say he had a failure.

Donald Trump: It was a failure. You know, fake news. So, they always --

Unidentified: Fake news.

Donald Trump: You hate them. I could see my supporters. I -- he goes fake news. He's shaking his head with anger. He's definitely voting for Trump, that guy.

Unidentified: Love that phrase, Mr. President. Love that phrase.

Donald Trump: So, thank you very much. So, there seems to be something about 50. I don't know if we'll break 50, but it would be -- what's the highest? Does anybody know what is -- so somebody won by 12 points, and that was like the record. Well, we should do that. If we don't do that, let them criticize us, right? But let's see if we can get to 50%. It would be -- they would find a reason for not finding it good.

Donald Trump: The snow, they'll say the snow kept everybody away. We do seem to have a lot of good enthusiasm. I don't know, maybe the weather's not going to be that big a deal. They have a little wrestling -- I think you have a wrestling match on today. Does anybody know about that? Is that a big deal? No? No. And Dan Gable has been great to me, you know.

Unidentified: Yeah.

Donald Trump: He's been great. He likes me. I like him. I just don't want to wrestle him. How do you think I'd do with you, Dan? I think I can take you, sir. No, I think -- I would think so. That would be a -- now, that would be an upset, right? But he's been great. They've all been great. Jim Jordan's coming in. As -- you know, Jim Jordan was a great wrestler, too.

Donald Trump: In high school, he was 130 and O, which is amazing. And then he went to Ohio State. He was an All-American. But to think that you didn't lose a match when you're a freshman wrestling against seniors, you know, that first couple of years, because that's a big difference. For those of you that like sports, I happen to like to sports.

Donald Trump: A lot of people are saying, "What the hell is he talking about?" So, we have to work hard. You know, we're down to -- I was saying, when they rigged the election, I said, "Four years, we have to wait." A lot of people thought we shouldn't have had to wait four years, but we did it very properly. Everything was very proper.

Donald Trump: But they like to say it wasn't, but they're -- they're sleazebags. But we did a lot of good things, and we are more popular. I mean, our movement is more popular now than it was four years ago or eight years ago, which is pretty amazing. You know, it's -- it's really pretty amazing. But I just want to -- I just want to thank you all.

Donald Trump: It's been an incredible period of time. I think we'll get a tremendous vote tomorrow. And then the big thing, and I say it at every speech, you don't sit on. Even if you think we're winning by a lot, it doesn't matter. You have to get out and vote. And we're really setting the table for November by doing that because, you know, we're in very good shape.

Donald Trump: I hear we're in a very good shape in New Hampshire. But they're trying to sign every Democrat available. You know, that's a different kind of a thing. You -- every place you go, it's a little bit different. But over there, you're allowed to have independents and you're allowed to have Democrats vote, and that is sleazebags from Koch, Koch Industries.

Donald Trump: And they're globalists. You know, that's all you can say. They're globalists. And we got -- we got to do something about globalists because they're selling our country down the tubes, and they're spending all that money on Nikki Haley, and they're going out trying to get independents and Democrats to vote for her in New Hampshire.

Unidentified: Who? The hell [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: Oh.

Unidentified: Birdbrain.

Unidentified: Birdbrain.

Unidentified: Birdbrain.

Donald Trump: They said, "Was that too severe?"

Unidentified: No.

Donald Trump: Well, I knew her well, and she's not suited for the job. I know her very well. She's not suited. Some people are suited, I'll tell you they're suited. You know, they say, "He's very honest." I am very honest. You ask me, I'll tell you who it is. And if I don't want to say something good about someone, then I won't say it. But we were saying that in her case.

Donald Trump: She's absolutely not suited. But she's back with this Koch money. Americans -- it's called Americans for Chinese Prosperity. You ever heard of Americans for Prosperity?

Unidentified: Terrible.

Donald Trump: Yeah. It's -- we go at Americans for Chinese Prosperity. It's big group. They're bad people. And we got to win. So, they're doing that. They're fighting over here, too, but it looks like they've been very ineffective. But in New Hampshire, they are actually signing people to vote, and I think that's disgraceful.

Donald Trump: I don't even know if they're allowed to do it. So, we're going to have a lot of fun these next few days, and I think we're going to be rewarded with a tremendous win. And we're all going to be together, I hope, for that I win. [Inaudible]

Unidentified: Yeah. Yeah.

Donald Trump: [Inaudible] So, that was a nice win. You know, let's go on to the next one. Now, we're going to -- we're going to have some incredible times together. We're going to make this country so great. We can do it. We can change it so fast and close up the border. We had the -- the safest border. You've heard me say it a million times.

Donald Trump: We had the safest border in history. We had the lowest drug numbers in 32 years, which is very hard. Without the death penalty, it's very hard. With the death penalty, you wouldn't have any. They'd say drugs. We don't sell drugs in this country. You want to end it here. But people have to be ready for it. You know, it's interesting.

Donald Trump: Remember, every drug dealer, on average, kills 500 people during his or her lifetime. That's a lot of people. And then you say the death penalty, everyone says, "Oh, that's such a severe penalty." But the only countries virtually that don't have a drug problem are the countries that have a death penalty.

Donald Trump: You look at Singapore. It's like -- it used to be just riddled. And now, nothing, zero. And they become very successful countries, actually. There's a big part of their population was drugged out. And, you know, we see it in -- I'm going to a place in New Hampshire which has got a tremendous problem with drugs.

Donald Trump: And the people are phenomenal. They don't -- they don't know what to do about it. They said it is disproportionately high in New Hampshire. We're going to talk very seriously about it. So, we'll be talking about drugs. But we have the safest border in history. And now, we have the -- I think the worst border in the history of the world.

Donald Trump: There's never been a country that's allowed people to come over at a level like that. So, I just -- I just want to thank you. Now, while I'm here, does -- unlike Biden, Biden would never do this. It'd be -- it would be the end of his political career, although the press would -- the fake news over there would give -- are you with the news, the camera?

Unidentified: Yes.

Donald Trump: Who are you with?

Unidentified: We're with CNN. [Audience boos]

Unidentified: Trump. Farmers for Trump. Still Trump.

Donald Trump: Fake news. It is fake news. But we don't mind. But don't give me any questions. But we don't mind that you're here. But it is fake news, as you know. That's fake news. That's why your ratings are so low. But these are minor details. Why don't you cover Biden a little bit more? Any questions? Anybody have a question?

Question: Mr. President --

Question: How many will [Inaudible] more?

Donald Trump: A lot. We have no choice. But it's not sustainable, just so you understand. It's not like we can take -- I think the real number for CNN is 15 million. By the end of his term, it could be 18 million, which is more -- which is larger substantially than New York state. I think he's going to see even higher than that.

Donald Trump: It's -- it's an invasion. It's an invasion [Inaudible] And many good people. There was -- if you look back, seven years ago, you look back at my first speech that I made. I didn't have a speechwriter, and I just told it like it was. And I think it was a very good speech. It was controversial, but it's not controversial anymore.

Donald Trump: I said, "They're coming up." And I said, "The people that are coming up, they're from prisons" And now, they're from prisons. They're emptying out jails all over the world, in Africa, the Congo. The Congo, they empty out their jails. If you look at the jail population, all over the world, it's down, way down.

Donald Trump: And in some cases, they have nobody in their prisons where they were packed. All over the world. You have in Africa, you have in Europe, Asia, Middle East, Yemen. Yemen. Now, we're bombing Yemen because they're -- you know, have a little reputation for terrorism. Would CNN admit that? CNN doesn't agree with that, of course.

Donald Trump: Yemen has a slight reputation for terrorism. We're taking in people from Yemen. We're taking in thousands and thousands of people from China. And, you know, it's one thing to come in and come in legally, and we all want that. But there are virtually no women and the people we're taking in are from 19 to 25. I wonder why that is, OK? I wonder why that is. There has been no president in history that's done the destruction that this guy has done.

Donald Trump: He's the worst president in the history of our country. He's the most corrupt president in the history of our country. And he practices warfare, lawfare, or whatever you want to call it, weaponization. There's about 15 different terms for it, meaning you use the justice system, or I call it the injustice system, because it's very corrupt.

Donald Trump: They have a woman there, Lisa Monaco, who's really running it. Nobody knows the name, but she's running it, and she's been an enemy of mine for a long time. I don't know. I don't even think I ever met her. But she works with Weissmann, Andrew Weissmann, a real sleazebag. And she is like -- that's -- that's her boss.

Donald Trump: Weissmann is her boss, and she comes after Trump because her job is to come after Trump, to try and damage Trump so that Biden can sneak by his -- the man can't put two sentences together, right?

Unidentified: Right.

Donald Trump: Now, it's had, so far, the absolute opposite effect. You see the numbers. And I just saw in one of the networks that we have a record polling. It's only polls, so it doesn't matter that much. But it does matter a little bit. But in a polling -- in the polling samples, we are higher than anybody's ever been.

Donald Trump: So, it's been pretty amazing. And I believe we're probably substantially higher because of what they've done because they got caaught, because I'm allowed to speak about it. Other candidates, if they ever got a subpoena, they have to resign from politics. And then, you know, they make a statement, you know, the standard statement.

Donald Trump: I will be leaving office and I will be going home to spend time with my family. And that's the last time you ever heard of the guy. We had to the opposite. I'm away from myself. Where's my family? My family would like to see me, too, but I'm here. But I love it here. We won twice, and we're going to win again.

Unidentified: Yeah.

Unidentified: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Thank you. [Inaudible] such a great supporter. Do you have a question?

Question: I asked my question.

Donald Trump: That was a good question. Oh, don't ask it here. She asked the question actually at the Fox Town Hall, which, by the way, got double or triple the ratings of the debate. We will leave that question.

Question: I have a question.

Donald Trump: Go ahead.

Question: OK. So, when you get a chance to take a break, what are you going to do first?

Donald Trump: I'll probably get on the phone call and find out how things are going. I'll get on the phone -- no, I don't need a lot of breaks. I've never taken a lot of breaks. I've never taken a lot of breaks. And -- and when I do take a break, I'm working anyway. It doesn't matter. I just happen to be in a different location.

Donald Trump: Does that make sense?

Question: That does.

Donald Trump: And we can't take too many breaks because our country's going to hell. They've destroyed -- they have destroyed our country. And, you know, I made the comment, the blood of our country. Well, look at what's happening, the drugs that are pouring in, people that are pouring it, that are -- I mean, the people that are coming.

Donald Trump: You take a look at where are they coming from. They're coming from prisons. They're coming from mental institutions. They're terrorists. And they are destroying our country. These people -- and the only thing that nobody really knows for sure, are they doing it on purpose or are they stupid?

Unidentified: Both.

Donald Trump: I have to think that anybody that can cheat on an election like that is not stupid. So -- because that's what they do. We have to stop the cheating. The biggest risk we have is the cheating of the elections.

Question: Sir.

Donald Trump: Because if it's -- if it's up to the votes, we have so many votes. We don't even have to be here today. We don't have to campaign. But will they add millions of ballots? When they do what they did. When they go to legislatures and get rejected, and then they come down and they do it anyway. Everything that they got rejected for, the legislatures rejected them, Republican legislatures, usually, because Democrats usually got what they want.

Donald Trump: But we're talking about massive numbers, big numbers of states. They get rejected by the legislatures. OK, that's the end of that. They come down. They do it anyway. In fact, they do it worse. They extend the elections. It's a very sad thing. We have to -- you know, two things. We have to have strong borders and we have to have strong and fair elections.

Donald Trump: And if you don't have [Inaudible] So, my biggest fear, and I think the biggest fear of the people in this room, and I think the biggest fear of the American public, you just have to look at the polls, we have to make sure they can't cheat an election. We have gone all out, but they're dirty, rotten cheaters, and they're really good at it. I mean, they break voting machines.

Donald Trump: Look what happened at Arizona. And judges don't take it up. It's amazing. The judges don't want to take it up. That was an election more recent. That was an election, they go, and they waited for Tuesday. We want to wait until Tuesday. We want to wait until Tuesday, Arizona. Everyone's waiting until Tuesday.

Donald Trump: We don't trust putting a ballot in because we shouldn't trust it because it's so corrupt. We want to wait until Tuesday. Wait until Tuesday. And all the Republican voting machines, a big percentage of them, are broken. I mean, it just -- you know, stand in line for 20 hours in the Arizona sun and maybe you'll get to [Inaudible] And nobody does anything about it. So, we have to have fair and honest elections and we have to have strong borders, and we're going to have a country like nobody's ever had a country.

Donald Trump: You know, we have this country going -- just prior to COVID coming in, there's never been anything that happened in any nation, any time, anywhere in the world like we were running -- we were going at a level. And then we did a great job with COVID, but we had to spend money on COVID. And it really -- we did much better than just about anybody else, every nation.

Donald Trump: If you look at it, I think $51 trillion was spent -- was lost with death -- and this death and destruction because of the gift from China. It came out of the Wuhan labs. And that was a terrible, terrible situation. But we had the greatest economy anywhere in the world, by far, not even close. Remember, China was going to catch us in 2018. For 15 years, China was going to catch us in '20, but I was a president.

Unidentified: Yes.

Donald Trump: And we doubled up what we did with China, and -- and they know it better than anybody. I got to know President Xi very well. He said, "You are doing good." He wasn't happy about it, but he did admit it. So, anyway, thanks a lot. We're going to have a big day today, but we're going to have a big night tomorrow. [Inaudible]

Question: You've added a couple of events in New Hampshire. Is that -- was that a response to Nikki Haley's rise in the polls there?

Donald Trump: Say it again.

Question: You've added a couple more events to New Hampshire next week. Was that a response to Nikki Haley's rise in the polls there?

Donald Trump: Whose rise in the polls?

Question: Nikki Haley's.

Donald Trump: She hasn't risen to me. See, this is a typical CNN question. They had it the other day where Nikki went up a little bit beyond. She -- she went up two, and she was at 11, but she beat DeSanctus. I was at 69, and I went up seven, and they said, "Haley surges." She was at 11, but she beats it. So, the headline was "Haley surges" because that's why it's fake news CNN, that's why nobody watches it. No, not for any reason.

Donald Trump: I just -- I have time here. I like the people here. They're great people.

Unidentified: We love you.

Unidentified: Yeah.

Donald Trump: [Inaudible] You know, we -- we do want to send a signal to November. And it's really November. We're not even talking about anything else. We're not -- we're not worried about New Hampshire. In South Carolina, we're beating Nikki by 40 or 50 points, and then she was governor there, so explain that. Plus, we have almost every major government official in South Carolina is endorsing us.

Unidentified: Yeah.

Donald Trump: I mean, it's been amazing. And in Nevada, which you're forgetting about. But Nevada is actually third. It comes before South Carolina. And in Nevada, we're at like 90% or something. We're doing very good.

Question: Mr. President --