Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-x-spaces-cryptocurrency-platform-september-16-2024

Note: [Note there are consistent gaps in the audio throughout. This is consistent with how the audio was streamed. The gaps appear to be technical difficulties versus edits.]

Farokh Sarmad: Just checking that we're unmuted again, and we're good to go. Good evening, everyone. Before we begin, I want to address yesterday's awful events. It is a huge relief to us all that nobody was hurt. And I think that many in the crypto community will agree with me when I say that we're here with you, Mr. President, during these trying times. Your unwavering support for our community has gone unnoticed and we're immensely grateful for it. And really, the fact that after all of this, you've chosen to proceed with this interview blows my mind. It speaks volumes, Mr. President, and thank you for being here tonight.

Donald Trump: Well, thank you very much. I appreciate the remarks. It was quite something, but it worked out well. And Secret Service did an excellent job. And they have the man behind bars, and hopefully, he's going to be there for a long time. Dangerous person. Very, very dangerous person. But I appreciate the comments very much.

Farokh Sarmad: Well, I appreciate you for allowing me to interview you in your wonderful, Mar-a-Lago home, which is truly an honor, and I'm very grateful for it.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.

Farokh Sarmad: Thank you. Mr. President, I can say that myself, like I was saying in the crypto community, and you know, millions of Americans are relieved that you're here with us today after the second attempt on your life at the Trump National Golf Club. It's just horrifying? Can you run us through what happened?

Donald Trump: So, I was playing golf with some of my friends. It was on a Sunday morning and very peaceful, very beautiful weather. Everything was beautiful. It was nice place to be. And all of a sudden, we heard shots being fired in the air. And I guess probably four or five. And it sounded like bullets, but what do I know about that? But Secret Service knew immediately it was bullets, and they grabbed me.

Donald Trump: And I think probably the other one, Steve, is one of the people. Steve Witkoff, a great friend of mine, a great businessman from mostly New York and Florida. Great businessman. And more importantly, just a fantastic person. So, we're in the group. And everybody just -- we got into the carts, and we moved along pretty good.

Donald Trump: I was with an agent, and the agent did a fantastic job. There was no question that we were off that course. I would have loved to have sunk that last putt, but we decided let's get out of here. And what the gunfire was actually, interestingly, was a Secret Service agent had seen a barrel of an AK-47, which is a very powerful gun rifle.

Donald Trump: And he started shooting at the barrel. He started shooting in the bushes. Could only see the barrel. How good is that, right? But could only see the barrel. Based on that, he started shooting and ran toward the target and was shooting a lot of -- I mean, those were the one we heard. The other one never got a shot off.

Donald Trump: And he ran across the street and grabbed his car, hopped into his truck or car. And amazingly, a civilian in that area saw something and it looked very suspicious. And in the car -- drove that car to the back of his truck of some kind and took pictures of the license plate, gave them to the sheriff's office.

Donald Trump: Sheriff Bradshaw is fantastic, very great sheriff for a long time. And within a fairly short period of time, they tracked him down on the highway. It's pretty high-speed chase. And they ended up getting him. They got him. Because you wouldn't want to have somebody like that out there, you know? He dropped his gun, the AK-47.

Donald Trump: He left his gun. He left cameras behind, left a lot of things behind. So, the agent did a fantastic job. The civilian did a phenomenal job, a woman. I mean, who would think he could take a thousand times like that? How many people would have the brainpower to follow him and take pictures of the back of his truck so that they end up getting -- and the key was the license.

Donald Trump: So, they got the license. And after they had the license, you know, there's all sorts of technology where they can literally pinpoint where this truck is. I never knew something like that existed. And they pinpointed him on the highway. They got him with a high-speed chase, so they got him. It was amazing.

Donald Trump: So, Secret Service did a great job, and I think I can say, honestly, the sheriff's office, law enforcement, everybody really did a great job. I'm happy about that.

Farokh Sarmad: That's incredible to hear.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Farokh Sarmad: And backup question to that second fold is, you know, this was the second attempt in your life.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Farokh Sarmad: In under two months. What do you make of that?

Donald Trump: Well, there's a lot of rhetoric going on. A lot of people think that the Democrats, when they talk about threat to democracy and all of this. And it seems that both of these people were radical lefts. The first one, they should learn more about. They have apps that they haven't opened yet, which is pretty strange.

Donald Trump: And the father went out and got the biggest lawyer in the state of Pennsylvania, which is pretty strange about the father of the shooter we're talking about in Butler, the first one. And that's pretty strange. There are a couple of pretty strange things going on there. I can say this, the Secret Service was very brave in the sense that bullets were flying and they -- when I went down -- I purposely went down.

Donald Trump: I saw what was happening, and people are probably screaming. I'm not sure if I recognize that, but I went down. And Secret Service, they were right there with bullets flying right at them and they weren't hit. But three other people were, Corey, firefighter, two other gentlemen that who they thought died.

Donald Trump: And actually, the doctors in Butler were unbelievable. They saved their lives. And we've actually raised a lot of money for the families, family of Corey and the two gentlemen. And they both live. They thought they were dead. I the first thing I asked when I came up, I said, "How many people are dead?" Because we had a massive crowd.

Donald Trump: And with all those bullets flying, so three got hit. But there was a great display of bravery. I mean, it was incredible. Normally, the crowd experts will tell you when they hear bullets, and we heard a lot of bullets going on. A crowd would -- this was a massive crowd. You couldn't even see the end of it in a big field.

Donald Trump: And that the crowd always runs. They call it a stampede like cattle. I mean, they stampede, and a lot of people get killed when they stampede. But they hear bullets, but nobody ran. You know, tens of thousands of people. Nobody ran. In fact, you can see it in the small group behind me. There was a group of probably a couple of hundred people behind me, and nobody ran.

Donald Trump: In fact, they're standing up. Some of them are standing up looking for the shooter. The other one has to get credit to local law enforcement. The gentleman that shimmied up to the roof looked, saw the man with a gun, and probably made him go faster than he would normally go. And so, he didn't exactly hit the target the way he wanted.

Donald Trump: There's something going on. I mean, perhaps it's God wanting me to be president to save this country. Nobody knows. But when I made the right turn, it's very unusual because the people weren't on the right. The people were standing out in front of me. When I turned my head at an exact 90-degree angle, the bullet came zooming by and clipped my ear.

Donald Trump: And the reason so much blood, they told me at the hospital, I said, "Why so much?" The ear is the bloodiest part of the body because of cartilage. He was giving me all description. I said, "You don't have to tell me," but it was a mess. But amazing bravery shown, amazing talent like the doctor saving the two men that were hit.

Donald Trump: They were hit really badly. Well, I won't tell you exactly what happened. You know, they were hit badly. And they both lived. Corey didn't make it. Corey was in bad shape. We had a person from the National Guard about 10 seats over from Corey, run to his aid. And with all of -- he was hitting ahead. With all of that, was giving a mouth-to-mouth resuscitation because he was still alive.

Donald Trump: And people couldn't believe it. They thought it was such an incredible act. Who would do it? It was, you know, just an amazing thing. And we're going to take care of him too because it -- I mean, just the fact that he could do it and some other people. So, it was amazing bravery, and there was a mistake made, a bad mistake.

Donald Trump: That one building was unmanned on top. And that was a mistake. There's nothing you can say about it. But that was some crazy day. And then, yesterday, you had another one with a different result. Actually, much better result because we lost Corey and two gentlemen were very badly hurt, but they're in pretty good shape now.

Donald Trump: A lot of talent. Those local doctors up there had tremendous talent.

Farokh Sarmad: Love to hear that. Well, this is more of a personal question. I just turned 30 last week. We were just chit chatting outside the room here. Young entrepreneur, son, aspiring father one day. You know, with all your success, you have a wonderful family. A couple of your sons are actually looking at us right now.

Farokh Sarmad: You have a wonderful business for yourself, a wonderful life for yourself. You know, you could be on the golf course without worrying about gunmen coming at you, but after multiple attempts at your life, you're still here. You've already been president of United States of America once. You're about to be president of the United States of America again.

Donald Trump: I hope so.

Farokh Sarmad: We hope so. Why do you do this? What motivates you?

Donald Trump: So, we have a country that's in trouble, a country that I love. I love the people of this country. People like Corey who were just this massive Trump fan, and he got hit. But people like that, they're in love with the country, and they hate seeing what's happened to the country. We have 21 million people pouring in from all countries all over the world, from prisons and jails, from mental institutions and insane asylums.

Donald Trump: Insane asylums. And you know, we are different. Even prisons and jails, they are different. One's a little bit more severe than the next. They're coming in as terrorists, and they're coming into our country at levels that nobody's ever seen. And they're taking over our towns, and they're taking over small cities and big cities.

Donald Trump: I mean, look at New York, look at Chicago, look at LA, tens of thousands of these people. And they're rough people in many cases. I mean, they are rough, rough, tough people. Venezuela gangs, if you look at Aurora in Colorado, you have a governor that doesn't know what he's doing. He's petrified to be there.

Donald Trump: He doesn't know what to say. I mean, they're literally taking over real estate. They're becoming real estate developers in a much different way, right? They're taking over buildings. Everyone's afraid of them. And they have a big AK -- we're talking about AK-47s. That's what they have. They carry massive guns.

Donald Trump: You say, where would they get this kind of power? And they're vicious people. They're gang members from Venezuela, largely and known as being one of the roughest gangs anywhere in the world. You have MS-13, which is a bad gang, and you have these guys. And we're going to clean them out. We're going to get them out.

Donald Trump: But the bottom line, just answer quickly. I love the country. We're going to make America great again, and we'll be able to do it. We did it once, and we'll do it again and much easier this time. The border is in much worse shape than it's ever been. This is the worst border there's ever been in any country.

Donald Trump: They have not done the job that they have to do. I mean, you have Kamala, she was the border czar. I call her the comrade because she's a Marxist. She wants to tax everybody out of business. She wants to raise taxes to 70%, 80%. She wants an unrealized capital gain tax, which is the craziest thing I've ever heard.

Donald Trump: Nobody's ever even heard of such a thing. And they'll put everybody out of business. We'll end up in a depression if she gets in. And very simply, though, we're going to make America great again, greater than ever before, and I love doing it.

Farokh Sarmad: Being from Canada, I can probably relate to what that means.

Donald Trump: That's a problem.

Kara Swisher: A crypto entrepreneur based in Montreal here, so, you know, it's not always the best feeling as someone who's trying to build something out of -- you know, nothing here. Speaking of which, you know, I'm wondering now, I know this is quite different, right? But I know many people in crypto feel this way as we're trying to change the financial system quite literally.

Kara Swisher: We're trying to change things and make a difference, but it always feels like there's some sort of a force against us. In your case, do you feel similarly that there's a force out there to get you?

Donald Trump: Well, you have a radical left force, and we have forces -- you know, I say that we have a lot of evil in the world. The world is a nasty place, and you can see that with some of the things that have happened. We've been treated, I think, very unfairly, but I've done so well. You know, it's an amazing country in some ways, but we have evil forces.

Donald Trump: You have the outside forces with the enemies, and you know, you call them, Russia, China, various places. I don't know that they're enemies. I think we'll get along great with China. I think we'll get along great with Russia. I want to get Russia to settle up with Ukraine and stop this millions of people being killed far greater than the number you read about.

Donald Trump: But I want to get that done before I even take office. I want to get that done as president-elect because it has to be solved. Too many people dying. Too many cities are just in rubble right now. You look at -- the culture is just being destroyed. We got to get that done, and I'll get it done. There wouldn't have been an October 7th.

Donald Trump: There wouldn't have been Russia attack in Ukraine. There wouldn't be inflation. All this inflation, which has hurt people so badly. You wouldn't have had that horrible type of withdrawal. We were getting out of Afghanistan, but with dignity and strength. That was the most embarrassing moment in the history of our country.

Donald Trump: And frankly, Russia would have never gone into Ukraine if it weren't for that. They looked at that and they said, "This country is no longer run by Trump." This country is run by stupid people. And we have a great military. You know, I took out ISIS in four weeks, and everyone said it was going to take four or five years.

Donald Trump: I took them out. Our military is great, but you have to have the right leadership running it. So, the bottom line is that it can be nasty, but it's only going to get worse. If I don't win, it's only going to get worse. It's going to get really bad. We'll end up being Venezuela on steroids. We'll end up in 1929-type depressions.

Donald Trump: And we have to make sure that this person doesn't get in. This is far worse than Biden. You know, that was a -- if you think of it, that was an overthrow of a president. That was -- he won. He had 14 million votes. He had no votes. Crazy Nancy Pelosi walked in and some of the others, and they say, "We want you out."

Donald Trump: He said, "I'm not going to get out. I want to run." I was leading him by a lot after the debate, but still he had the right to run. And they literally -- it was a coup in the truest sense. This was the first coup of an American president. And I think it's -- you know, look. I don't say fair or not fair.

Donald Trump: He was very nice that he called up to make sure I was OK, to make sure that, you know, we'll have any suggestions or anything. We do need more people on my detail because we have 50,000, 60,000 people showing up to events. You know, other people don't have that. But he couldn't have been nicer, but I thought he was treated really unfairly.

Donald Trump: He went through a primary system. He won, and then they threw him overboard. And she got no votes, you know? She got no votes, but she'd be very bad for the country. We have to save our country. We can't play games, or we can't have a Marxist, communist president because that's not what it's all about.

Donald Trump: So, we're going to do it, and we're going to make our country greater than ever before. And you're going to be happy, and you're going to love your crypto. And as long as you have crypto, you're happy. So, I'll do what makes you happy. Nothing else.

Farokh Sarmad: Yeah. I mean, you know, when the Twitter Spaces was officially announced that you put the tweet out, a lot of people were like, "Well, who is this Farokh guy? And obviously, he's -- you know, a lot of people start digging into this Farokh guy. And you know, the main reply that was "I'm just this crypto bro."

Farokh Sarmad: But you know what, Mr. President? I am a proud crypto bro, you know? And it seems like you're starting to become one of us, if not already. I know for a fact that your children are quite involved in the space. I mean, we have Barron, Don Jr., and Eric on the Twitter Spaces right now. Eric and Don Jr.

Farokh Sarmad: here will be joining us a little later on this programming. But you know, getting to crypto now because I already see the people on Twitter Spaces really eager to hear you talk about this. You know, at the recent Bitcoin Conference, you mentioned that, and I quote, "America should be the crypto capital of the world."

Farokh Sarmad: That was a big statement, and I believe the correct one. So, why is it not right now?

Donald Trump: Well, I think it will be right now. Right now, you have a very hostile SEC. I guess, you'd have to say, I don't know, when you say administration, do you call it Biden or do you call it Harris? Nobody really knows what to call it, but maybe we'll say a combination of both, but they've been very hostile toward crypto, toward all of it, and extremely hostile like nobody can believe.

Donald Trump: Nobody even understands why. My attitude is different. If we don't do it, China's going to do it. China's doing it anyway.

Farokh Sarmad: They are.

Donald Trump: But if we don't do it, we're not going to be the biggest, and we have to be the biggest and the best. And you know, when you look at values and when you add it all up, the value of this whole thing is bigger than they were showing me your top 20 corporations and all of this. The numbers are just gigantic.

Donald Trump: It suffers from some credibility lapses. I mean, some things were done or not done, but it's growing -- it's very young and very growing. And if we don't do it, China's going to do it. If we don't do it, other countries are going to do it. Lot of countries would like to be in a position. We see advantage because it's us.

Donald Trump: But you have a big advantage because it's me, because I do believe in it. I also know a lot of friends that are really into it. And my kids, I mean, Barron knows so much about this. Barron's a young guy, but he knows it. He talks about his wallet. He's got four wallets or something. And I'm saying, "What is a wallet? Explain this to me."

Donald Trump: But he knows this inside out. And Eric and Don know it so well. It's almost like younger people know it a lot better than older people, but I have a lot of respect for them. They've shown great judgment, all of them. And I think you're into something. You're into it a lot sooner than most people. You know, you really -- it's sort of like, it's a fledgling business, and yet it's a massive business, but it has a chance to really be something special.

Donald Trump: And when I do things, I notice a lot of crypto comes in. People pay with crypto. And you didn't see that even a year ago, two years ago. So, I think it's really -- it's big and yet it's a fledgling compared to what it will be.

Farokh Sarmad: And I love that you were mentioning your children and how Barron is using his wallet. It's similar to me. I'm trying to teach my mother how to use it. I send her one ETH every Christmas, one ETH every birthday, and same for my little Zoomer brother who probably is in Barron's, you know, age, category.

Farokh Sarmad: So, has learning about crypto from your children had an impact on you?

Donald Trump: Well, it makes it easier, and it's sort of like a language, you know? I have a beautiful granddaughter, Ivanka's daughter, and she is Arabella. She speaks perfect Chinese. And there were other two children, two great young boys. They speak perfect Chinese. They learned it when they were two and three and four from a nanny who is a Chinese.

Donald Trump: And then she was from China. And she would teach Arabella. When President Xi was here, President Xi couldn't believe it. She walked up to him and had a perfect conversation. And I said, "So, how did she do?" He said, "As good as any 10-year-old girl in Beijing." I remember that saying. I mean, she speaks it perfectly, but she learned it at a very young age.

Donald Trump: If you're going to learn, if it's China or Japan or any language, it's not that easy to do. But as a child, it's almost like a natural. So, it's a little bit like that, I think, with crypto. Now, I think crypto is a lot easier if you want to know. But there is a learning curve. And yeah, my kids really understood it, and they understood it pretty much right at the beginning.

Farokh Sarmad: Yeah. We were chatting with Eric in the back, and I was like, "Woah. OK. This is really awesome."

Donald Trump: He knows. Yeah.

Farokh Sarmad: Oh, we're about to hear all about, you know, your son's, you know, crypto endeavors and how much they know about it, which is really cool. You know, I just came back from Asia. I was at the Korea Blockchain Week and at WebX in Japan. And over there, at the moment, everybody's in Singapore tuning live to listen to us, live on Spaces for TOKEN2049.

Farokh Sarmad: What's impressive in the East is that crypto is not the future. It's the present. Whereas when I come here in Canada and North, it feels like I'm being taken aback. So, the question I have for you following up on what I was asking earlier is, why is this so important for America to lead in cryptocurrency adoption and innovation?

Donald Trump: Well, it's crypto. It's AI. It's so many other things, you know? AI, speaking of an interesting future, it needs tremendous electricity capability beyond anything I've ever heard. It never made sense to me, but this is what it needs. If you take all of the electricity coming out of the US, in order to have it to be dominant in AI, you need twice that amount just for this one thing.

Donald Trump: Who would think that? You need twice the electricity we already have. And you got to get started. I mean, you have to be -- if you're in the US, you have to get started. You don't want to be left in the dust. And China's already building electric plants, and they want to build them for, you know, for the AI, and it's very important.

Donald Trump: But you need tremendous electricity in this country because of our strong environmental impact statement problems that we have. You know, China doesn't have those problems. They don't do them. They just build. They said, "Build over here, build over there." With us, you have to go through years, but I'll make it possible to create tremendous amounts of electricity very rapidly.

Donald Trump: But people don't know that. People don't know that you need double the electricity of what we already have. So, you want to get in whether it's crypto or AI or other things that are coming along, and it's part of the game. We want to have a great country. We want to stay at the top. We're making things now.

Donald Trump: We're starting, and it started under my administration that there was no chance of ever even getting involved for a long time. We're leading the pack in so many ways. One of the things I'm very proud of is Space Force. We were getting lapped in space by China and by Russia. And now, we are the leader in space.

Donald Trump: And I have to tell you, Elon is doing a fantastic job. He's my friend. He endorsed me for president, like, so strongly. It was incredible. But he is doing an amazing job with respect to space. When you look up, I think somebody said he sends -- 90% of the rockets sent up throughout the world are his. And you got to hand it to him or something.

Farokh Sarmad: He definitely is. Wish he was here, but at least we're using his --

Donald Trump: We'll get him.

Farokh Sarmad: We'll get him. We'll get him. We're definitely using his platform to do so, and I'm sure there's a reason for that. So, to create this future we're talking about, right? Like, there's a lot of, you know, American entrepreneurs, founders in crypto that need to sadly leave the country because it feels like, at times, we're being treated like we're not really welcome to build companies here.

Farokh Sarmad: The CEO of our company over at Rug Radio was actually debanked earlier last year, but we'll get into that later. Do you think it's important for America to have a legal framework for crypto so that businesses can thrive and survive here?

Donald Trump: I do, and they should have certain safeguards, too. You know, maybe somebody would say that's a bad thing to say, but no. You know, it can't be totally freewheeling. I spoke to some of the big crypto people. They want safeguards. They want certain safeguards. But it's a very hostile environment right now from what I understand.

Donald Trump: The SEC has been extremely hostile and really going after people. And I think, frankly, since they heard I was involved, they've treated people much better. Maybe they view it as votes. Maybe they view it as us. But people that were under serious investigation for having done nothing wrong are all of a sudden not allowed to go free.

Donald Trump: And I really believe that's because they see -- you know, this is a very big market. This is a very powerful market. So, I'm glad I helped if I helped. I don't know. Maybe I didn't, but the SEC has been unbelievably household. The one thing you know is that, if for some reason, bad things happen and we don't win the election, those people that were under investigation and that are free as a bird right now and people that weren't being looked at in the crypto world, they will be living in hell because it'll start the day after the election if they win.

Donald Trump: And I view it differently. I mean, I just view it that we have to be the top no matter what we do. Chips or anything else, we would really starting to go with the chips. We have to we have to be No. 1. And I think AI is really important, but I think crypto's one of those things we have to do. Whether we like it or not, we have to do it.

Farokh Sarmad: It's really, really cool to hear from you in person. We've only heard it on TV, in newspaper, etc., but it feels good to know that a presidential candidate and someone who's already president of United States of America feel this way about cryptocurrency. I'm sure myself and a lot of people in the industry are relieved to hear that, and I will see what the results are in November.

Farokh Sarmad: But on something, a little lighter now, I remember the day your NFT collections came out. That was super cool. So, I hosted a morning show called FOMO HOUR with my friend, OSF, and Mando, and now Tyler. And so, we were live on air when the link dropped. And so, it was a very, very first collection, there was a chance to have dinner with you, and I remember just, like, scrambling to buy them.

Farokh Sarmad: We're staying live. We stopped the show live on air to thousands of people, like, "Oh, we got to buy these. We want to buy these. I got to spend 25K on this. Let's go, right. Let's do it," which is another cool thing about people in crypto, right, or those crypto bros that they call. And so, we're trying to buy this thing, and it was just so electric and crazy that we actually failed.

Farokh Sarmad: But hey, I guess that's a good thing because the collection, you know, ended up selling out, and then you ended up doing I believe -- I mean, you ended up doing that three times over. Can you tell us more about the success that you have had with NFTs, but also, like, did that surprise you?

Donald Trump: Well, I got in very late, and NFT was considered cold. I mean, to be honest, it was a cold industry. It had its day a few years before as you probably know. But when I did it, I said, "You know, what do we have to do with anything else?" And it's playing cards and some beautiful artwork and other things.

Donald Trump: And we went out with 45,000 NFTs, and it was amazing. We thought it would take six months, maybe a year to sell. It sold out. I don't want to say -- I don't want to get myself in trouble by saying exactly the first day, but pretty close to it. It was like almost immediately.

Farokh Sarmad: I think so. It was quick.

Donald Trump: Yeah. Almost --

Farokh Sarmad: I mean, we failed every transaction.

Donald Trump: Right. Almost immediately. And then we did a second one, likewise, and then we did a third one. And then we just did a fourth one. And I asked the people from the first three. I said, "Well, do you want to have us do it?" Because, you know, they have very big pride to start off with. But I said, "Are you going to -- if we do a fourth one, does that affect you and the ones you already own?" Because some people bought a lot of them, and some people bought one.

Donald Trump: And they're all very happy, really happy. I said, "Does it affect you?" And everybody -- it was, like, sort of, a phone pole, you know, just like -- and everybody wanted the fourth one, which surprised me because you would think they wouldn't want the fourth one because maybe it waters down their own -- the pieces that they have.

Donald Trump: And they did. They wanted it, and they wanted it badly. So, we did a fourth and just did it recently. And I think it's just about gone. It's amazing. And one of the things I know is that crypto played a big role because they paid. It wasn't like we're not getting checks for the dollars. We're getting crypto --

Farokh Sarmad: It's instant.

Donald Trump: Instantly. Yeah. And that taught me a little bit about what you love. It taught me something that was -- it was incredible. We did the NFTs. It was so-called -- people said, "Don't do it. Don't do it. You're not going to" -- and we did it and it sold. Literally, we had anywhere from six months to a year, and I think we did it in a day or something.

Farokh Sarmad: Yeah. Where was I? It was quick. It was quick. And you know what? It was fun.

Donald Trump: It was fun.

Farokh Sarmad: That's what it was.

Donald Trump: It is fun.

Farokh Sarmad: It was a lot of fun. So, I'm aware that you probably have a million things to get to, so I kind of want to finish off with a couple more questions, for you, Mr. President. So, first and foremost, were the NFTs a big part of the story, of your story, of how you came to see the value in digital assets?

Donald Trump: A little bit because so many people paid this way. If they didn't, if they would have been paying in dollars, I would have said, "You know, that's standard." I would have assumed. And I was blown away. I just -- I wasn't overly interested in it, to be honest, but I did ask, like, what percentage was taken between Bitcoin and all of the other things through crypto.

Donald Trump: And it was a massive majority, a massive majority, and I was always surprised by that. And that was a while ago now, and it opened my eyes. But I think my children opened my eyes more than anything else. And plus, I have a friend on my right who's a very smart guy, and he's not quite as young as his fantastic son who we were dealing with Alex, and all of them.

Donald Trump: But you know, he knows a lot about this stuff for a man of his age. He's still pretty young, but for a man of his age, Steve Witkoff knows a lot about this.

Farokh Sarmad: He definitely does. And he's here on your right. We're about to get to Steve Witkoff. And for everybody in the audience right now, if you're listening to this live, hang tight. I have one more question for Mr. President, then we're going to be joined by Don Jr., Eric Trump, and the World Liberty Financial teams, and Corey and everybody, the advisers around it.

Farokh Sarmad: So, we have quite the programming for you. But Mr. President, one last question that you may or may not have answered with your last answer here is, so if there was one thing that got you to see crypto differently, what was it?

Donald Trump: If it was what?

Farokh Sarmad: One thing that got you to see crypto differently, what was it?

Donald Trump: Well, maybe the NFTs. You know, you sort of brought that up because I was surprised again at the percentage of them that were sold through that, through that form. You could do a new form of currency. You could call it anything you want. But that was -- I think it was also the level of enthusiasm that my young sons have for this -- you know, pretty young guys.

Donald Trump: I mean, one's extremely young, and two are pretty young, right? But the level of enthusiasm they have for crypto. And also, just to add a third element. I have a lot of friends, very smart people, some very smart people, and they're believers. So, it means something to me. Well, I appreciate that, and I appreciate you.

Donald Trump: Everybody, hang tight, please. I will go to Mr. Witkoff in a second, and we'll be joining by the next set of guests. But Mr. President, it's an honor. Thank you for having me. And honestly, the fact that you've done this the day after a second assassination attempt means the world to me. Just a little 30-year-old boy from Montreal that, you know, started from just hosting Twitter Spaces now hosting yourself.

Donald Trump: So, thank you for allowing me to do so. Great job. Great job. Thank you very much.

Unidentified: Want to follow up?

Farokh Sarmad: Everybody hang tight. We'll be right back. And we are back over here. That was quite a great interview with President Trump, wasn't it everyone?

Unidentified: Yeah.

Donald Trump: There you go. We got this room packed with people. Everybody's still here. Hang tight. Don't leave. Keep sharing. I want to see those retweets because the state of the crypto address at Mar-a-Lago is still on over here. I have Steve Witkoff on my right who has to run, you know, to Fox, right?

Steve Witkoff: Fox.

Farokh Sarmad: Is that where you're headed next, Hannity? All right. I got the opener for Hannity. That's pretty cool. That's not bad, right? That's, like, opening for, like, Led Zeppelin or something. I don't know. So, Steve, I'm just going to go chat with you real quick, and then we'll get to our other guests. First and foremost, you were with President Trump yesterday on the golf course.

Steve Witkoff: Yeah.

Farokh Sarmad: As he was trying to sink that last putt, as President Trump was saying. But how do you feel?

Steve Witkoff: I feel blessed that I was out there because I got to see what he has to live his daily life like. Two assassination attempts in the last two months. He's been conspired against, he's been vilified. He ought to be commended for his four years of public service as a president. I was glad I could be out there and see what it was about for him.

Steve Witkoff: He was as courageous a man as I've -- he is as courageous a man as I've ever seen. He cared about his friends first. He asked about his friends first, and it was inspiring to watch him.

Farokh Sarmad: Yeah. Thank you for --

Steve Witkoff: The Secret Service, I would echo what he said, they were incredible. They put their lives on the line for him.

Farokh Sarmad: Well, it's incredible that he's back up today and just [Inaudible]

Steve Witkoff: It's who he is. He's resilient. He's stoic. And who wouldn't want those qualities in a leader? He is a natural-born leader.

Farokh Sarmad: So, to go back now to what we're here to talk about, and we're going to get in the weeds of it a little more. So, how did this collaboration happen? I know it's an incredible story. Could you walk me through it?

Steve Witkoff: My son introduced me to the two partners, Chase Hero and Zak Folkman, who are exceptionally bright people. They look a little different than us because they dress a little different than us because that's the crypto world.

Unidentified: A few more tattoos.

Steve Witkoff: I have one or two tattoos, but Chase --

Farokh Sarmad: Oh, really?

Steve Witkoff: I have a -- it's hard to see.

Farokh Sarmad: That's OK, though.

Steve Witkoff: But I have a tattoo of my son who I lost, Andrew. Both of my tattoos are of him. I actually think he's the one who put me out with the President yesterday, so I could witness his courage and talk about him to the American public. But I was introduced to Chase and to Zak, and I met traders from all over the world.

Steve Witkoff: These guys are as smart as any currency traders I've ever met. And they began talking to me about decentralized finance, which means frictionless finance, and why it made sense for people and about the forgotten who can't get credit out there. Credit is what drives the American economy. And as I began to understand it, I said, "Who would understand this better than the Trump family?" And so, we had a meeting initially with Eric, Don Jr.

Steve Witkoff: , and the president and his counsel, and we said, "Let's go pursue it." We've been on it for close to nine months, spent a lot of time on diligence with really, really good lawyers on how to operate in the space. And here we are today, the culmination of a pretty robust effort.

Farokh Sarmad: So, do you think that this could really change the way wealth is created in America?

Steve Witkoff: I think decentralized finance is the way of the future. You know, if you think about the fact that if you want to borrow money today, you have to be almost anointed. You have to be a member of the privileged class. I remember when I left law, I represented the president, I wanted to be in business. It was very, very hard to get credit, and credit again is what drives us.

Steve Witkoff: Crypto allows it to happen. Decentralized finance as an application of crypto allows it to happen. So, and we see, as a business venture, a huge approachable class of people who have been either debanked, as you talked about, or they don't have a bank that they can go to, and they don't have the bank that will listen to them.

Steve Witkoff: And so, we look at it as a business venture, and we say we can democratize it. We can be more egalitarian about it. And at the same time, we can probably do very well in it because there is a large group of people who can't gain credit in the system. And isn't that unfortunate that young people with great ideas, they can't prosecute those ideas? That's a terrible thing.

Steve Witkoff: That's not a good thing. That's not the American dream.

Farokh Sarmad: Well, thank you very much, Mr. Witkoff, for being here with us today.

Steve Witkoff: Thank you.

Farokh Sarmad: We really appreciate your insight.

Steve Witkoff: Thank you.

Farokh Sarmad: Thank you so much. And so up next, of course, I mean, Don Jr., if you want to -- however you guys want to set up here. You know, we got a whole programming for you all here, so really hang tight. We're filming the whole thing. Everything's going to be broadcasted live a little later on video as well. Everybody's looking great over here.

Donald Trump, Jr.: That's most important, right? As long as we look good.

Farokh Sarmad: Right. That's the most important.

Donald Trump, Jr.: I mean, I'm liking your hair, the flow.

Farokh Sarmad: Thank you. Thank you.

Donald Trump, Jr.: It's pretty solid.

Farokh Sarmad: There was some polls going online around, like, who's got better hair. Would it be President Trump or myself? I think your father has an incredible flow. I have to give it to him.

Donald Trump, Jr.: As a Trump, who may or may not, one day, inherit Trump hair genes, I don't make fun, I don't mock it because you never know. One day, [crosstalk].

Farokh Sarmad: Exactly. No, it's --

Donald Trump, Jr.: So, far I'm 46. I'm doing pretty good on the hair department.

Farokh Sarmad: No way.

Donald Trump, Jr.: Yeah, I'm an old man.

Farokh Sarmad: There's no chance.

Donald Trump, Jr.: Yeah. Look at that white in the beard, you know? I still haven't had the white in the hair, and I'm not vain enough to dye it. So, we're good so far.

Farokh Sarmad: Well, you're going to have to share your secrets with us maybe after this week, you know, because I'm getting old. My knees are hurting from being 30 years old.

Donald Trump, Jr.: Yeah. That's rough, I'd say. It gets a lot worse, bud. I promise you. Yeah. This thing I miss most about youth is just not waking up sore every day for no reason whatsoever.

Farokh Sarmad: Oh my. Anyway, so, let's get right into this. I mean, Don, you know, traditional banking systems, you know, have not been working for many Americans. This is something that you speak about a lot. It's something that Mr. Witkoff talked about and that, you know, your father talks about and all of you at this stage, you know? I talked earlier about how my company has been debanked, you know? My CEO has been debanked, and he's an American citizen from Texas.

Farokh Sarmad: Got a call one day and said, "Hey, come pick up your money, and we're going to send it to you by the mail. Here's a check." Said, "No, no, no, no, no, no. I'm going to come pick it up." To me, it was insane that this is even an option, and we're talking with someone who has somewhat some money, right? And so, I know your family is very familiar with being debanked. So, how does DeFi fix these problems?

Donald Trump, Jr.: Well, listen, I mean, I think, you know, I was probably a late adapter into some of, you know, these technologies in the sense that, you know, I was a traditional real estate guy. We were bricks and mortar. And you know, there was a time period where, you know, the Trumps, we could have picked up the phone and called any CEO of any bank and got a loan from anyone in the world on any project and, you know, low LTVs and everything like that.

Donald Trump, Jr.: Then we got into the political arena and like that, it was turned off. I mean, it wasn't that we didn't have incredible balance sheets. It wasn't that we didn't have, you know, the reserves. I mean, you know, I've had it for some of my personal businesses, same story as your partner. I mean, you know, I had an operating business with a partner, and he calls me one morning.

Donald Trump, Jr.: It happened to be the day of, like, CPAC, you know, two years ago. And he calls me. He's like, "Our operating account has no money in it. I think we got hacked." "Like, what do you mean we got hacked?" It was PNC Bank. I mean, this is a major bank. And whatever it is, this is a legit business with, you know, small business.

Donald Trump, Jr.: There's a little media company just to sort of aggregate news that was not being shown to people otherwise. And he calls bank, like, "Listen, I think we got hacked." "Oh, no. You weren't hacked. We just don't want to do business with you." They broke up with us by mail. They didn't even call us. Like, we didn't even get the call.

Donald Trump, Jr.: They just said, like, "Oh, yeah. There's a cashier's check. You'll have it in the mail in a couple days." But we got operating business. We got payroll. We got -- like, what are you talking about? So, you know, we went from being able to pick up the phone to anyone to having the same thing happen. We've had family members that have had, you know, seven-figure accounts with specific banks, like, "Well, I just want to use some of that money to get a home loan for this. Will you write the rest of the loan?"

Donald Trump, Jr.: No. That's too risky for us. It's like, "We have more money in the account than the value of the home. What are you talking about?" "It's too risky." So, you know, it's interesting because we went from being sort of, you know, people that would have been, you know, the elite in that world to just being, like, totally canceled.

Donald Trump, Jr.: And it changed our perspective so much. I think we understand what so many Americans are going through. And when you really look at America and our foundation, the way our Founding Fathers set everything up, you know, I think DeFi would be what they would envision, not, you know, a broken bureaucratized system where, you know, a bunch of middlemen are getting pieces and figs for doing nothing, for pushing paper, which creates not just sort of a lot of waste and inefficiency but, you know, really has become a politicized process.

Donald Trump, Jr.: And we see that. And again, that only goes one way. You know, you can say that I'm, you know, this incredible radical, you know, I get called that all the time. I mean, I don't know. I went to the Wharton School of Finance. I have a pretty good finance background. We built and changed the skyline of New York as a family and some cities in the world.

Donald Trump, Jr.: You know, I think, the first time I got invited back to speak at Wharton was I was, like, 28 years old. I didn't know anything probably by then. I still didn't know anything. I'll say that for the record, but like, you know, I think we've learned a lot since then. And now, you know, that same access isn't available to us.

Donald Trump, Jr.: So, for me and so much of what we've done and really so much of what's been, you know, a part of our political journey is that, you know, creating actual fairness in these systems that have been, you know, truly bastardized and politicized. I mean, we witnessed it firsthand because it's like you had whatever you wanted and that was just ripped away from us in an instant.

Donald Trump, Jr.: And you know, we're a family that -- we're blessed to have the means to be able to do a lot of things. We're blessed to be able to have -- you know, for someone who doesn't have that power or the soapbox or the balance sheet, what do they do? How do they, you know, how do they finance it? And so, it's a real problem that needed to be addressed.

Donald Trump, Jr.: And honestly, I think this is the way. This is the way of the future. This is the way to eliminate that efficiency. You know, a lot of it being peer to peer and not going through the usual bureaucratized system. So, I think everything that's been talked about right now is so important. But like, for me, this is about, like, how we save so much of what I believe our Founding Fathers really intended for our country.

Farokh Sarmad: So, I was going to ask you something that you answered. I was going to ask you, has banking become political in the USA? Clearly, it seems that you seem to think it did.

Donald Trump, Jr.: Oh, I mean, like, not seems. It is.

Farokh Sarmad: It is.

Donald Trump, Jr.: It has become politicized. You can look at that whether it's, you know, spreads, whether it's rates, you know, who can get what, you know, that's been going on for a long time. And you know, it's sad and it's disgusting.

Farokh Sarmad: So, I was going to ask you if it affects the everyday American, which you did -- you get into already. So, then the question is, if this all affects the everyday American, to me, cryptocurrency is freedom. This is why I do what I do. I own my money on my ledger. Nobody can take it away from me. So, how does DeFi help the everyday American?

Donald Trump, Jr.: Well, listen, I think it takes, you know, that political, you know, component out of it. And you see that, right? I mean, if you look at, you know, the leading edge of Silicon Valley and the people doing these things, these are long-time Democrat donors that have come over and flipped sides because the Democrat Party itself isn't willing to give up the power and that control that they want over everyone's balance sheet, over their banking, over these systems.

Donald Trump, Jr.: They see crypto as a threat, either to the political power that they've built. And I mean, that's why -- you know, again, not necessarily -- I'm not talking about the minions. You know what I mean? They all work there. They're going to be woken, whatever that is. But if you look at a lot of the leaders in Silicon Valley, whether it's VC or otherwise, they're flipping sides because they understand.

Donald Trump, Jr.: They are for that freedom. That freedom has allowed them to live that American dream. That's allowed them to do these things. And I think that's a real threat politically from the other side right now. And so, it's been interesting to watch that transformation, but I think, you know, this ability for everyone to have that, you know, clean start, no politicization, I think that's everything.

Donald Trump, Jr.: And I can say that as someone who's been, you know, still blessed, but still incredibly impacted. I can only imagine how much more difficult it is for someone that doesn't have sort of, let's call it, the natural head start that we have, having worked as a family business for 40-something years.

Farokh Sarmad: Right. So, I know many people in crypto, right, who may not have supported your father before that flipped camp, right, and, you know, recognized the benefits of his leadership now, and maybe that'll even change after tonight's address, especially, with his strong stance on crypto, which is quite positive.

Farokh Sarmad: Why do you think this is happening now, and what message do you have for people who weren't in your camp before, but might be considering joining it because of how open you are to tech and innovation?

Donald Trump, Jr.: Well, listen. I think the fact speaks for themselves, right? If you're looking at it just purely from a political standpoint, I mean, you know, the Republican Party, the conservative side of things are clearly the people that are OK with said freedom, right? The other side of -- you know, and I don't want to make it just political because it's not.

Donald Trump, Jr.: I mean, it's really -- it's finance, but ultimately, you know, your balance sheet, your ability to transact in these things, you know, will be affected by politics, right? One side is the side of censorship. They're the side that wants to jail their political opponents. They want to overregulate everything so much that you actually eliminate so many of the natural and great things that people love about crypto.

Donald Trump, Jr.: I do think as to what my father was saying earlier, people want a framework. They want some regulation. We've been on this journey now for nine months-ish, you know? And you know, we can talk to a lawyer, but like, hey, this is the trend. Well, we don't know. Is it this or is it that? What's the safe bet? And there's still a lot of ambiguity out there.

Donald Trump, Jr.: I think people do need an understanding and a framework, but they don't want such a framework that it's so overregulated, so overcontrolled that you actually just end up in, you know, a digitized version of what we have today with all of the problems, all of the bureaucracy, all of the waste, and all of the inefficiency.

Donald Trump, Jr.: And so, you know, I think, you know, if you're thinking about these things, if you're thinking about your financial security and that ability to transact freely, like, honestly, is that even -- it's sort of a no-brainer at this point. People are not, they're not hiding their thoughts. You know, I get it, it's probably that people are going to tell you what they want to hear right now to get elected and never change.

Donald Trump, Jr.: We've seen a long history of that. But you know, they're basically saying the quiet parts out loud as it relates to overregulation. You saw what my father did in his first administration as it relates to cutting regulation, the excess of bureaucracy, eliminating a lot of that red tape. It's not to say I think everyone actually wants some structure.

Donald Trump, Jr.: Just not so much structure that it negates everything we're trying to accomplish.

Farokh Sarmad: I mean, any structure will help.

Donald Trump, Jr.: Yeah, no. You need it. Like, we're doing this at a high level with some of the highest priced lawyers in the world, and it's still like -- there's still ambiguity, and you're still dealing with -- well, we're not really sure.

Farokh Sarmad: One lawyer tells you one thing, one lawyer tells you another thing, you know, and it's not their fault. They just don't know better because they're not being given the legal framework, right? So, speaking of framework and, you know, speaking of DeFi, you know, we were just speaking to your father, Zak, who's obviously a real estate, you know, tycoon and someone who, you know, has moved, you know, enormous markets here in Florida, in New York, etc.

Farokh Sarmad: , and he's now extremely interested in the world of DeFi, etc. And he gave you all the credits. Actually, I don't know if you were in the room, but he gave you all the kudos. You and your brother saying that you really got him involved in the space, right? That's kind, right? So, Zak, like, tell me, like, what do you think, you know, about moving real-world assets like real estate on a chain? And then tell me more about, like, the problems, you know, with mortgages and stuff and how, like, DeFi specifically solves this.

Farokh Sarmad: And why I'm asking this, obviously, tied into the project.

Zak Folkman: Yeah. That's a great question, Farokh. A lot to chew off there, but I'll touch on a couple of key topics. First one being transparency. You know, blockchain technology records every transaction on an immutable ledger. And the best real-life example I can really come up with is as it relates to the bond markets, specifically in '08, where you basically saw all the big banks take all of these junk bonds, package them with AAA-rated bonds, and none of the investors had any clue what they were buying.

Zak Folkman: Why? Because it was really hard to trace, and there were some really smart guys like Michael Burry and John Paulson who figured it out and made an absolute fortune on it. But the average guy got absolutely screwed. And what the blockchain would do if you integrated blockchain technology into the bond market, for instance, you would be able to see all of these transactions on the blockchain.

Zak Folkman: You'd be able to see that they're junk bonds very clearly, and you'd be able to see that the bank actually moved them from these junk portfolios into these new portfolios because all of those transactions are publicly recorded. So, that's one area where I think, you know, you can make a real difference with blockchain technology.

Zak Folkman: Another one I'll say, as it relates specifically to DeFi, is automation through smart contracts, right? We've all gotten mortgages before. You know, Don and his family, they've gotten some pretty big mortgages, I'd say.

Donald Trump, Jr.: It's gotten a lot harder. It's gotten a lot harder.

Zak Folkman: But let me ask you this. Even when it wasn't hard, how long did it take you to get a mortgage? How much --

Donald Trump, Jr.: Insane. And the reality, also, the points in and out to deal with people who are really not all that impressive that we're adding not really a lot of value also just incredibly wasteful. I mean, you know, with three, four points in and out of a deal, it's like, it's not -- you know, $1 billion more. And for what? For a couple of guys to push some paperwork around.

Donald Trump, Jr.: I mean, it's truly insane. And eliminating that waste is, like -- I just take personal joy actually in the ability to actually take on some of those systems because I'm the guy that had to deal with those guys. I'm the guy that was -- you know, when I was a young kid and I was still, like, sitting there on an Excel spreadsheet back when, you know, like, in my early 20s, I was, like, I'm the guy giving some bureaucrat a bunch of nonsense that they're just filing away and they're just checking another box, and it's points in and out and they're trying to pretend like they're adding value when all they're doing is actually slowing down a process.

Zak Folkman: And just like we need government efficiency, you know, we need business efficiency because these dollars are just really being wasted. And the last thing I'll say is, I think that it offers a really compelling opportunity for some of the young folks out there that want exposure to real estate. And I know there's a lot of them because they all tell me, "Zak, you know, how do I get exposure to real estate?" And I'm -- you know, I sort of laugh and I tell them, you know, "Unfortunately, it's really not possible unless you're, you know, one of the top families out there to get exposure to blue chip real estate."

Zak Folkman: And you know, blockchain technology, tokenizing some of this real estate, you know, you're essentially fractionalizing it and you're opening the liquidity pool to a whole new class of investor. And you're also globalizing it, right? You're exposing, you know, people in different parts of the world to some of these real estate deals.

Zak Folkman: And you know, I think that's really exciting and compelling. It's going to cut down on a lot of costs like Don was saying. And ultimately, it's going to lead to, you know, a big increase in property values, I think. So, I think it's pretty compelling.

Farokh Sarmad: Oh, this is great. I mean, I have one more question for both you and Don as they all segue into Zac, Chase, and Cohen, Eric Trump, who may have to run to Fox and --

Donald Trump, Jr.: Yeah. I think he's also doing other TV. We're going to --

Farokh Sarmad: This is why we got Barron on.

Donald Trump, Jr.: We're multitasking.

Farokh Sarmad: But don't worry, we got your little brother on. We got Barron on. So, Barron, hang tight. He's still here. So, in the meantime, when Eric's gone, we'll just go to Barron. But just quickly, your father already touched on that before he left, but before you guys go, kind of want to ask you, like, what's it been like, you know, working with Zak and Chase?

Farokh Sarmad: I'll get to you in a second, Chase, but before that, like, what's it been like, you know, working with the guys?

Eric Trump: Yeah. I'll start with that one. Chase and Zak, they're two of the most stand-up individuals I know. They're men of ethics, of morals, and integrity. And you know, I would challenge -- I'll echo what my dad said. I'd challenge any banker or economist out there to have a macroeconomics debate with Chase Hero. And I'll let you know --

Farokh Sarmad: Anybody in the room?

Eric Trump: It's like stepping onto a debate stage with President Trump. You're just not going to win.

Donald Trump, Jr.: By the way, I'll echo that entirely. I mean, like I said, I've been dealing with bankers now for, you know, like -- graduated Wharton in 2000. So, a long enough time, OK? You know, quarter century, let's call it. And like --

Farokh Sarmad: I wasn't born.

Donald Trump, Jr.: Yeah, exactly. And the level of -- you know, whether we're talking, you know, bond market or yields, I mean, these guys will go down a rabbit hole that, you know, I guarantee you the average sophisticated banker on Wall Street could not even keep up. And so, you know, there's definitely, you know, that component of crypto that there's the Wild West.

Donald Trump, Jr.: So, we got to sort of almost disclaim everything because there's, you know, there's some bad actors, but I think generally speaking, the community has been incredible and embracing. So, yeah, you sort of do have to look out for that. But like, again, the level of sophistication, honestly -- you know, I'm not someone that -- you know, I don't judge a book by its cover.

Donald Trump, Jr.: But I'm looking at those shoes. I'm like, that looks like my daughter's golf shoes, Chase. But you know, it's fine. It's fine. You know, but these guys start talking about, you know, financial markets in a way that honestly, like, you know, you could put them in a boardroom at Goldman Sachs and they're going to smoke the people in the room.

Donald Trump, Jr.: It's actually really impressive. You know, it shocked even me. And again, at this point, you know, I've been stereotyping, called every name of the book, you know, I don't really judge anything by what anyone else says. I make my own opinions, you know, and these guys have been awesome at that. So, it's really impressive, and it actually gave me, you know, such a level of confidence of what I think we're doing here is really a game changer.

Donald Trump, Jr.: I mean, this is the start, I think, of a, you know, a financial revolution.

Farokh Sarmad: I love that. I definitely love the term financial revolution here because it's definitely what's happening. When you're in crypto, you really feel it. Like, there's still 100,000 people who tune into this first basis. I'm sure millions of people will see this, and I really hope that every American listen to this or people outside.

Farokh Sarmad: Just give crypto a dabble or shot because it makes you feel really different. It's what really got me, NFTs and then the freedom, the feeling of being able to own --

Donald Trump, Jr.: Yeah. And we're going to do a lot of that also because, again, even for me again, you know, been following it for a long time. I have a lot of friends in the space, but like, I'm still a neophyte. You know what I mean? And I'm OK to admit that. And you know, there are hurdles. There are complexities.

Donald Trump, Jr.: There are, you know -- things aren't made as easy as perhaps they could be, and there's sort of a lot of, you know, that fear-mongering into this. And so, you know, I think a whole part of this is, you know, I hope that we can help sort of simplify so much of this for a lot of people. People who, you know, love the idea of it, but just they look at the complexities and they look at just -- you know, honestly, even setting up some of these accounts and then they might -- you know, it can be, you know, overwhelming.

Donald Trump, Jr.: But I think there's a lot of people that, you know, frankly, like me, have lost a lot of faith in the traditional institutions, and they sort of realize it's all -- you know, a lot of those things -- just one big Ponzi scheme, you know? And guess what? If you don't know, you know, what's going on, like, you know, you're not the guy at the top of it.

Donald Trump, Jr.: You know what I mean? And so, you know, we saw that in '08. We saw that -- you know, and it was interesting. There was a time where, you know, that was the beginning of my business career in real estate, and I sort of remember going to my father at that time and being like, "Listen. We got to go all in on this. We got to go."

Donald Trump, Jr.: You know, I was just a young aggressive, you know, 20-something. I thought I knew everything because I experienced, you know, five or six years of a real estate boom before the world hit a wall, you know, in '07, '08. And so, you know, it was actually the first time I was sort of like, "Wait. Wow. He's learned from his own eras whether it was in the early '90s or other."

Donald Trump, Jr.: And he just looked at me like, "Don't be so glib. You don't know shit right now." Like, I go, "What do you mean? Like, you know, we've crushed it here, here, here, here." He's like, "Yeah. But you've never lived through a down cycle." And it was a really interesting message from the guy that is sort of just known as being sort of, like, all-in long every time at all.

Donald Trump, Jr.: Like, you know, it doesn't matter. And it was like, "Oh, wow." Like, you know, it was really sort of introspective. It was a different -- it was a conversation I never assumed I would had until that point. And man, was he right. And we just -- so, we structured our entire business different. We focused on doing, you know, more like a licensed model for real estate so that, you know, we could participate in the upside, but not take some of that downside risk.

Donald Trump, Jr.: And then when the world did go to hell, and it did hit a wall going, you know, a billion miles an hour, all of a sudden, I was like, wait. We didn't actually -- we didn't lose anything. We have all these cash reserves, and we just started picking up things for $0.10 on the dollar and, you know, really grew an empire.

Donald Trump, Jr.: And so, you know, it's fascinating to see that I see so much of that going on here. And I think we just want to make that easy and available, you know, for so many other people that I think would really love to participate in because I think they have probably that same dejected notion, you know, of what's going on out there with everything else.

Zak Folkman: You know, I've been friends with Jr. for years, I never heard that story.

Donald Trump, Jr.: I don't tell this story lightly because [crosstalk]

Farokh Sarmad: It's the first time.

Donald Trump, Jr.: He goes, "Don't be glib." I'm like, "Donald Trump just said I'm being glib." I was like, "Who are you and what have you done with my father? What's going on here?"

Farokh Sarmad: I know a thing or two about being maxed on all the time and not believing in downtrends. You know, it's kind of those guys screaming super cycle in 2021 until it hit me in the face.

Donald Trump, Jr.: Hey, listen, hey. You know what? I'll say this. Like, I've learned a lot more getting punched in the face than I have from the easy times by a factor. Like, I learned more in that '08 cycle than I did in the prior eight years of my real estate career by a factor of about a billion, you know? And it changes things.

Donald Trump, Jr.: And I think that, by the way, that holds true, you know, not just for business or investing, but I think it holds true for life. You learn a lot more about yourself going through the adversity. We've dealt with plenty as of late. So, you know, it's important.

Farokh Sarmad: I love that. Chase, I mean, you know, we just got quite an intro on --

Donald Trump, Jr.: Don't let us down now, man.

Farokh Sarmad: No pressure.

Donald Trump, Jr.: He's going to start bumbling and bumbling. I'm going to be like, everything I said was a lie. I take it all back. I disavow.

Farokh Sarmad: So, you got Steve Witkoff, you know, kudos.

Donald Trump, Jr.: I disavow.

Farokh Sarmad: Zack and Don Jr., and I mean, even Sr. You know, so, we'll get through -- we'll cut straight to the chase, no pun intended, actually. I just realized that. I just wouldn't exactly just queue it out on video after. So, there's been a lot of rumors floating around, you know, World Liberty Financials, yourselves, etc.

Farokh Sarmad: , and about the project most importantly. Is any of it true?

Chase Hero: Oh, that's a good one, right off the gate. No. You know, the funny thing is it, you know, a lot of people like to say a lot of things, and I'll start with this. You know, when I first got in this space, I felt like it was a warm place where we were together and worried about what outsiders' opinions were.

Chase Hero: And you know, when I step back in the space, I wanted to kind of come in here to, like, solve this bifurcation and how things have become this way. And it's just been an interesting voyage. You know what I'm saying? It's been an interesting voyage from start to finish with these guys, and it's hard to follow up these guys.

Chase Hero: They get me so excited about this space. You know, I feel reinvigorated by it. It reminds me of, like, 2015 when I walked into the first conference and I had a hoodie on, I was scared. The World of Warcraft warriors were going to find me, you know. So I like that. It was warm and it was wholesome, and we all worked together.

Chase Hero: So, you know, it's hard to say what's being out there because I try not to listen to it or pay attention to it too much. You know what I'm saying? Because I can't control people's outlooks. And you know, the way I look and the way I act and the way I've been through in life, you know, it's all targets what people want to paint in their own way, and that's fine by me.

Chase Hero: This was never about me. You know, this was about bringing really intelligent people together that were curious and that wanted to, you know, save the little man. You know what I'm saying? Like, we all got into crypto and DeFi especially because we were, you know, sick of being de-enfranchised from the banks, right? You have some money, you can borrow some collateralized debt against it, right? You have some assets.

Chase Hero: They're good. In this space, it's almost the same way because of the use case of getting into it, you know? So, like, half the world can't utilize big finance, the other half of the world can't utilize DeFi. And the reason being is it's too complicated. I mean, we were introducing you and your brother to it, and your guys like, "What? Do I got to go to MIT to get [crosstalk]."

Donald Trump, Jr.: I felt like I was in kindergarten again. I was like, I felt like a slow individual. It was -- you know, for a little while. I think we're catching up quickly, but like, there's still a long runway.

Chase Hero: And I feel like, you know, because there's so many, so many brilliant people in this space and the evolution of what they built is just astounding, that somewhere along the way, we've gotten so smart we forgot about the people who maybe, you know, with too much gas or, you know, that's not really built for them or the on-ramps are too difficult.

Chase Hero: And you know, like, for me, I always like the, you know, the big challenges, the big adventures because that's where the depth comes, you know? And so, you know, when I talked with the boys and I said, "You know, I got a really interesting challenge I think we can face that's perfectly aligned with you guys."

Chase Hero: You know, like, who else can reach a world in a way you guys can, especially the average person, the teachers, the firemen, the police officers, who all deserve a piece of what big finance is, but I've been excluded from it for so long, you know, no fault of their own, just nature of the game, right? And it's a courageous battle, one that I'm sure we ridiculed the entire time.

Chase Hero: And that's OK. You know, when you're called up to be a soldier, you know, you put your armor on and get your big boy pants on, and you know, you keep your head to the ground. And that's why we don't come up and respond too much. You know, we're working. You know, like, they'd rather have us build something good than sit there and fight this verbal warfare that there is no right or wrong answer that I can give you.

Chase Hero: Whatever I'm going to say, you're going to make your assumptions from it. We're just going to sit here and build. And, you know, it's been cool to watch these amazing people come together and put themselves in the, you know, the guillotine as they say, and all work together. And you know, it's been a good time.

Chase Hero: And I love everything that they say about me, you know. You know, a lot of people say a lot of things, but I don't think I'm the smartest guy in the world. I think I'm good at seeing complex plot problems and make them simple, to make them understand by everyday people. You know, I think that's my gift is the ability to say, "Hey, I'm not a really complex person. Let me understand this. If I can walk through it, so can the average person." And that's what we're going to try to do here.

Farokh Sarmad: So, you know, and just for the audience to know, then we'll have Zak and Eric when he comes back, and we'll get more into the details of the project as well. We'll talk numbers. We'll talk all the juicy stuff that the crypto community really wants to hear, so hang tight right there because I know this is what half the people came to hear, you know, President Trump and the other half are probably --

Donald Trump, Jr.: Yeah. We're giving them a long build-up to some of the real nerds. Come on. [Crosstalk]

Farokh Sarmad: This is a real show, you know?

Zak Folkman: I was under the impression that they came to listen to me.

Farokh Sarmad: Oh, I'm sorry. Of course, they're curious Zak would come. I'm sorry, you all. I'm sorry. This is exactly --

Donald Trump, Jr.: That's like Trump-level ego right there, Zak. I mean, congratulations. I'm glad it's rubbing off on the --

Farokh Sarmad: I love it. I love it.

Zak Folkman: I take that as a compliment.

Donald Trump, Jr.: Yeah. Hey, listen, it's --

Farokh Sarmad: It's a long buildup, but it's a buildup that's worth it. It's a good programming, so I hope everybody's entertained here. But Chase, another question for you then is, you know, what's the overarching vision for this project? A lot of us want to know, like, what's actually going on, right? What's the vision? What are you trying to do?

Chase Hero: It's a big goal. It's a big goal. But, you know, like, first off, this country's been so good to me, and crypto has been so good to me. And so, you know, as a taker and someone who's been able to get so much from this amazing world, it was time to try to do something to give back, you know? And I think that the idea around liquidity is what I most focus on.

Chase Hero: I think that somewhere along the way, we've confused the world with Bitcoin. Is it Ethereum? Is it Altcoin, which are all great assets. I love them all, right? But I think that's a simpler game. People understand dollars. They understand accounts. They understand the simplicity of it. And so, for me, I really, really started to study stablecoins, and I really love the idea behind it because to me, it seemed like the simplest on-ramp to get someone who knew nothing about speculation into this space.

Chase Hero: And it's just like a gym membership. Once it goes from free to pay, you're committed, you're more into it. So, I want to get people into this space even if it's $5 to expose this environment. And to do that and by doing that, something really special happens. And if you're not familiar with stablecoins, they're a really, really amazing asset.

Chase Hero: And what they do is they're buying treasury bills, and I think it's a really good way to keep America's -- the sediment layer for another hundred years. And that's been a really big gold of mine because if you look through the history books, you see a strong America has been a strong world economy, and the history books dictate that.

Chase Hero: And I think for the first time in a long time, there's been a little bit of bifurcation there. There's been challenges to what is going to be the sediment layer of the future. And currently, right now, it is still the US dollar because the largest medium exchange in crypto are stablecoins, and they are all pegged to the US dollar.

Chase Hero: And so, my advantageous goal here is to simultaneously giving people financial freedom. We are securing the US economy's sovereignty and freedom individually, and at the same time, giving people an asset that they can control. I mean, when's the last time you heard of an average person going out and buying a T-bill or a bond?

Farokh Sarmad: Yeah. I don't think I've heard.

Donald Trump, Jr.: Yeah. And the US government itself getting away from, like, the petrodollar and all these things. I mean, that makes it very hard for the US government to borrow and give us a lot of the things that, you know, a lot of its waste. But a lot of things are actually required. And so, I mean, this seems like a good backfill to that for what I perceived to be a lot of mistakes being made on the international scene, certainly, as it relates to the petrodollar.

Chase Hero: Absolutely.

Farokh Sarmad: Definitely. So, Chase, so how do you see your project, you know, reshaping the financial landscape for the coming years?

Chase Hero: Access. Accessibility. You know, it's the, you know, you ever look at any big project in this world? The idea is to get users on there to use it to make it easy for them to employ. I'm like, I really think that's where we need to get -- you know, and that's why I love them as a family is like their whole ideas about this start-to-finish comfort, like the ease of use.

Chase Hero: I would say they're perfect in class in that. And so, our goal here is just as that is to, you know -- and constantly working on just making sure that we can make a system that is easy for the everyday American, everyday global patron to come on to access this environment and to get a fighting chance in a space that has been, you know, out of their reach just due to the complexity of it.

Chase Hero: I mean, it truly is. I mean, in the beginning of this, we used to go to, like, my mother and my grandmother and my sisters. I'm like, "Listen, I'm going to give you a bounty, $10,000. If you can get to where you have a MetaMask, you get $10,000. At any time you have to stop, call me up and the bounty goes down."

Chase Hero: And you realize that people get stuck really quickly. This is a very advanced technology. And I think that along the way of these advancements, we've kind of, like, missed the ball of, like, leaving the bread crumbs as maybe people think. And that's the future here, you know? Like, I really, really truly believe is when everyday Americans are using this and they're experiencing this and they understand the freedom of it.

Chase Hero: And that's to me is the coolest thing ever is that your bank is wherever you go. It's in your pocket. You know, you have money. It's right here. It's like, here's where I go. Here's where I use it.

Zak Folkman: Eye-opening.

Chase Hero: It's funny. You know, in just the day-to-day life, you know, like, I'll bring my ledger to the golf course, you know, or I'll bring my ledger to a meeting, you know, and they're like, "Wait, you have all your funds right here." I'm like, you don't --

Zak Folkman: You've broken out at dinner, like, on multiple random occasions.

Chase Hero: I was like, I got this one, boys.

Donald Trump, Jr.: Yeah. We got this.

Chase Hero: And the thing is, you know, like -- and at that same notion, again, it's just the parallel of these spaces is going to be the hardest intersection to me. It truly is. And so, you need the largest grasp of the simplest ways to do it. And like, I've just never met in my entire life someone who can break something down so simply like you and your father and your family does.

Chase Hero: And I really think, like, merging these two gaps gives the American, you know, person a fighting chance for this sovereign freedom. And it's going to be a really revolutionized thing because the average person doesn't get to get a yield off of a dollar. I mean, you go put your dollars in the stablecoins, you put them on chain, you're instantly making money.

Chase Hero: And it's all backed by the Treasury. You know what I'm saying? So, it becomes like this, why are we excluding this, you know, from the world? And part of me thinks that sometimes some people want excluded. Some people want the hold off from the world. Some people inside of it want to hold off.

Donald Trump, Jr.: A lot of very powerful people for a lot of very bad reasons definitely don't want this to happen, right? I mean, it eliminates a lot of their power. It eliminates a lot of their potential resources. And you know, that inefficiency, someone's making money for it. When, you know, when '08 happened, you know, a lot of people still bought Hamptons houses, and a lot of people were left with no retirement savings.

Donald Trump, Jr.: And that's -- I think we're trying to eliminate that inequity there.

Zak Folkman: Yeah. I mean efficiency is a very, very profitable business for some people.

Donald Trump, Jr.: Oh, yeah.

Farokh Sarmad: Right. I think the misconception is that not crypto versus the US dollars. Crypto and the US dollars, crypto and America. It's crypto-supporting America and vice versa. But a lot of people seem to be making this, like, warfare between the two of them, but we're just trying to build something cool, man.

Chase Hero: Liquidity. And that's the thing is, like, you know, I see a lot of the bifurcation in the asset ownerships, you know, like the classes, you know, like who's better than other. And I get it. I understand it, you know, the camaraderie and all that. But like, my goal is unified. It is to bring liquidity into this space, period end dot period.

Chase Hero: And so, far, the best rails I've ever seen to do is going in the rails via stablecoin, right? And so, until there's other easier on-ramp, that's the avenues that we explore, you know? And so, like I said, my goal is a very simple one, and I don't want to make enemies know I know I will. Everybody's like, "Oh, you're this way or that way."

Chase Hero: It's seriously just to bring in liquidity in this space that's much needed.

Farokh Sarmad: I love that. Well, thank you very much. Chase, hang tight. I know Zak's here. I know Eric is probably getting interviewed by Fox right now, but we do have Barron on the Twitter Spaces, and I've got questions for him -- he's not here anymore. We took too long. So, we're going to try and get him back. We're going to try and get him back if he's still around.

Donald Trump, Jr.: Damn teenagers. I'm like the old boomer now. I'm like, yeah, like, a bumpy old man with a white beard. It's like a --

Farokh Sarmad: He's going to come back? OK. I mean, I see Barron's account here, but he's going to come back. OK. Awesome. I just got news that Barron or Eric.

Unidentified: It's Eric.

Farokh Sarmad: Eric.

Donald Trump, Jr.: Oh, Eric's coming back. Yeah. He's just finishing up to it.

Farokh Sarmad: Eric is coming back. He's in the van outside doing anything with Fox, right? I think he's on national television right now, if you're watching Fox instead of this.

Donald Trump, Jr.: No. You should be watching this instead.

Farokh Sarmad: You should be watching this. [crosstalk] I wish you could see us now because this is looking really good. OK? This room looks sick.

Chase Hero: It's definitely warm. This place is amazing, isn't it?

Farokh Sarmad: This painting is fire. That's right.

Donald Trump, Jr.: It's pretty aggressive.

Zak Folkman: There's some people that would pay a lot of money for that painting, right?

Farokh Sarmad: I am sure. I mean, this camera 1 or 2 was a good one.

Donald Trump, Jr.: You know, it's got its own lore, right? So, that painting was given to my father, but the left hand was left unpainted. And they said -- the artist basically said, you know, "Hey, I'm giving this to you. If you want me to finish, it's $25,000" or whatever the number was. I think my father basically went to another artist and be like, "Here, I give you $500 to get a paint on a hand."

Donald Trump, Jr.: So, the hand is a little bit different. But he was like, "I'm not going to be a game by this." I think it's, like, one of the most Trump stories ever. I believe it to be accurate. This has been a legend for a while.

Zak Folkman: So, we got to do Rug Radio more because I'm getting stories that I haven't heard my entire life. I'm definitely friends with Junior [crosstalk]

Donald Trump, Jr.: My big problem is, yeah, you put a camera on me. I get much more open than I am. I'm basically, like, a recluse that likes to go shooting by myself like --

Farokh Sarmad: You guys are welcome on Rug Radio any time you want. We have over, like, 100 creators across --