Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-meeting-emmanuel-macron-france-paris-december-7-2024

Note: [The following transcript was proofread in English. French portions were both transcribed and translated by AI. Please check the French and English translation for the first paragraph against the source.]

Emmanuel Macron: [Machine Transcription] Bienvenue à vous. Voilà heureux d'accueillir à nouveau le président élu Donald Trump à Paris pour cette réouverture de Notre-Dame cinq ans après. Il était président à l'époque quand le feu a pris la cathédrale, je m'en souviens. [Machine translation: Welcome. It's a pleasure to welcome President-elect Donald Trump back to Paris for this reopening of Notre-Dame five years later. He was president at the time when the fire took over the cathedral, I remember.]

Emmanuel Macron: [In English]. Mr. President, I just -- it's a great honor for for French people to welcome you. Five years later, and you were at that time president, your first term, and I remember the solidarity and your immediate reaction. So welcome back again.

Donald Trump: Well, thank you very much.

Emmanuel Macron: We are very happy to have you here.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. Very great honor. And we had a great relationship, as everyone knows. We accomplished a lot together, and the people of France are spectacular. I guess it's one of our largest groups in the United States, French people. And we respect them, and we love them. Very talented people. Extremely energetic people, as you know very well.

Emmanuel Macron: Yeah.

Donald Trump: And it's an honor to be here. We had a good time together, and we had a lot of -- a lot of success, really great success working together on defense and offense, too, and it certainly seems like the world is going a little crazy right now, and we'll be talking about that. Thank you very much for being here.

Emmanuel Macron: Merci beaucoup.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Unidentified: Thank you.