Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-conserve-culture-student-group-palm-beach-june-5-2024

Donald Trump: [Inaudible] grew up in a place just like this. [Inaudible]. Are you having a good time? How are you? Nice to see you.

Unidentified: President Trump.

Donald Trump: Nice to see you.

Unidentified: [Inaudible] sir.

Donald Trump: How are you? Nice to see you, darling. This is a good time.

Unidentified: Yes.

Donald Trump: You all grew up in a place just like this, right?

Unidentified: Yeah.

Donald Trump: How are you? You were so amazing. I walk in, nobody knew I was coming, and she grabbed me, and she hugged me. She said, "I like you." And she's tough, too, I tell you. She doesn't like a lot of people, right? But it's an honor to have you and your friends and everybody. Thank you, Michaelah.

Michaelah Montgomery: It's an honor to [Inaudible].

Donald Trump: It's great. We're going to have some good meal. We have the fake news with us tonight. We're going to have a little good stuff to eat. Mar-a-Lago is a special place. You see that?

Unidentified: Yeah, it's lovely.

Donald Trump: So, I just did a couple of interviews that are on tonight, Doctor Phil. I did a Doctor Phil interview. It was interesting. And so, let's go, and let's have something good to eat. And we appreciate very much everybody. Thank you for coming. It's a great group of people, and I appreciate you very much. That was something when we walked in.

Unidentified: [Inaudible].

Donald Trump: It was beautiful. That was from the heart, too.

Unidentified: Yes.

Unidentified: Yes.

Donald Trump: And I think, to a large extent, because of what we've done with the colleges, Black colleges and universities, I got them funded -- when I was president, I got to know the heads of many of the Black colleges and universities because they'd come. And after two years, I said, "Why do you keep coming back?" He said, "Well, we feel like beggars because they never extend it. They give one year, and then we have to come back the next." I said, "You shouldn't have to do that." And these are great people.

Donald Trump: The job they do is incredible. And I got them long-term financing, more money than they ever thought possible, more than they wanted. And they're doing a great job. I said the only bad part is I'll never see you again, probably.

Unidentified: That's a bad thing.

Donald Trump: They said, "We don't like that either." But I got them taken care of, and Michaelah knew that. And she came up to me, and she said thank you. So, I appreciate it. Thank you very much. That was nice. Let's eat. Thank you, everybody.

Question: Mr. President -- Mr. President, after your verdict, have you lost confidence in your legal team? Have you lost confidence in your legal team after the verdict?

Donald Trump: No, no, no. It's a rigged system, and it's a terrible system, actually. But it's a rigged system. And I think we're doing very well. We had a big thing happen in Georgia today. You saw that. And step by step, it's a rigged -- this is a situation where they're trying -- they go after a political opponent.

Donald Trump: And it all takes place from the White House and from the DOJ, including the state and city cases. And if I wasn't running, there would be nothing. And we're leading Biden by a lot. He's the worst president in the history of our country, and we're leading by a lot. And we have to beat him because otherwise, we're not going to have a country left.

Donald Trump: So --

Question: In your New York trial, you said you want --

Question: [Inaudible]?

Donald Trump: Well, they have to fight it. They have to fight it. And it's a very dangerous thing because if the Republicans go after the Democrats the same way, we're going to have -- that's all we're going to be doing in our country. It's a very dangerous thing. But you can't weaponize the DOJ. And you look at the DOJ, the DOJ ran this thing, the local.

Donald Trump: It's -- you call it a city or state, but the DOJ ran it. And that's a very bad thing. It's a very dangerous moment. Really a dangerous moment for our country. And I can't let it happen.

Question: In your New York case, you said you'd want to see the Supreme Court intervene. How and when exactly do you want to see --

Question: Well, we'll see what happens. This is a unique case because they've interfered with the Republican nominee for president of the United States. There's never been anything like that before. And in this case, it was a judge who was appointed. He didn't even get elected. He's appointed. And you take a look at the conflict.

Question: Now, I'm gagged. I have a gag order. Can you believe it? I'm the Republican nominee. I'm leading Biden by a lot. And I will say we had the biggest fundraising in the history of politics over the last week. There's never been anything like it. And that, in a certain way, is like a poll, I would say, right?

Question: It's a big poll, but it's been the -- I think the biggest fundraiser -- raising ever because the people know it's wrong, what's happening. You can't do that to a country, and you can't gag a nominee. Can you imagine, you're running for office and you're gagged, you're not allowed to talk? When that happens, we are no longer a democracy.

Question: And we're not going to let that happen. And I know a lot of Republicans want retribution. They want to do that. We're going to see what happens. Hopefully, everything works out. But you can't do it. You can't have a local judge tell a Republican nominee that he can't talk about things because there's a lot of things that we can talk about.

Question: They're very easy questions to talk about. You can't let this happen to our country. Thank you very much, everybody. Thank you.

Unidentified: All right. Thank you, press.

Question: Do you regret testifying, Mr. President?

Unidentified: Thank you, press. Thank you, press.

Donald Trump: [Inaudible].

Question: Do you regret testifying, Mr. President? Do you regret testifying, not testifying in your case?

Donald Trump: I would have loved to have testified, but it was a very unfair trial. Everybody advised, "Don't do it." It's a very unfair trial. I wanted to testify, but in the end, it was the right thing to do [Inaudible].

Question: Thank you. Thank you.