Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-campaign-stop-vietnamese-restaurant-falls-church-virginia-august-26-2024

Donald Trump: You know, somehow, I don't know what it is, you'll have to explain it, but the Vietnamese community loves me, and I love them. [Audience member calls out "Yeah"] [Audience member calls out "USA"] [Audience chants "USA"] [Audience member calls out "We love you."] It's been -- it's been very special. In Florida, we go down, we have large groups of people, always dressed perfectly with the red and the silver and the -- I said you're the most beautiful dressers I've ever seen.

Donald Trump: But it's a great honor to be with you, and congratulations on your success.

Thanh Huong Thi Truong: Thank you.

Donald Trump: Tremendously successful woman, right? [Audience member calls out "Yes baby"]

Thanh Huong Thi Truong: Yes.

Donald Trump: So, congratulations, and it's really an honor to be with you. Thank you. And we're going to be with this man. This is a great gentleman. I love his name, Hung Cao. I love that name. And that name alone should get you elected, right?

Hung Cao: Yes, sir. [Audience member calls out "Absolutely"]

Donald Trump: More importantly, actually, he's -- he's tremendous. He's tremendous. He ran a great primary campaign. I endorsed him very early, and he did very well. And we think he's got a very good chance of winning for the Senate. And I really believe it. I hope your community gets out and really supports him like 100 percent because you can win.

Donald Trump: You can win, definitely win. [Audience member calls out "Yup"] And we're looking to win the state, and I think we will win the state. We're looking at polls that are showing us with a lead in this state, which is traditionally not necessarily for Republicans, but I'm not the average Republican.

Hung Cao: Exactly, sir.

Donald Trump: And neither are you. And so, please, would you like to say a few words?

Hung Cao: Yeah. [Untranslated] you know, representing [Untranslated] Ladies and gentlemen, thank you so much for being here. I'm so honored to represent the Vietnamese American community. Next year is the 50th anniversary of the fall of Saigon, and we'll have the first Vietnamese American US senator on -- on the anniversary. [Audience member calls out "Yeah"]

Hung Cao: So, thank you for President Trump. [Audience responds affirmatively] [Applause] [Audience member calls out "Make America great again."] [Audience responds affirmatively]

Donald Trump: And, you know, what he just said is -- is actually very important, the first, and you should be the first, and it's time that you had somebody. So, I hope your community gets out there 100 percent. You have a big community here. And thank you very much, a real honor. Now, I'm going to buy something. They're going to show me something.

Donald Trump: I'm going to buy something beautiful. I don't know what it is. Thank you all very much. Appreciate it. [Applause]

Unidentified: Thank you.

Hung Cao: All right. [Audience member calls out "We love you."]

Thanh Huong Thi Truong: Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. Hello, everybody. Oh, there they are. Those are -- they're the important ones. They're the ones that make the food.

Thanh Huong Thi Truong: President [Inaudible] sign --

Donald Trump: I'll sign something. Yeah.

Question: President Trump, will you still participate in the ABC debate?

Unidentified: President, can you sign this [Inaudible] "Never Give Up?"

Donald Trump: OK. Say it.

Question: Will you still -- do you still plan to participate in the ABC debate?

Donald Trump: Well, you know, I watched this weekend, and it's the worst of all networks, George Slopadopolus and all of the different people and the worst. And they had this Jonathan Karl, who's a lightweight, and he was asking questions of Tom Cotton, who was fantastic, by the way. Only a total pro could have gotten through that interview.

Donald Trump: And I watched that group talk to Biden about vanilla ice cream. And then I watched the way they went after Tom Cotton, and then -- and Tom Cotton handled it like easy. But when you see the level of hatred in that room and when you see Jonathan Karl, who's terrible -- I mean, he's just terrible. He's just an average person.

Donald Trump: But they -- they tell him what to do. And then when you look at the roundtable they had, which was Donna Brazile. Wasn't she the one that gave Hillary Clinton the questions when she was at CNN? Maybe? Is that right?

Hung Cao: Yes, sir.

Donald Trump: Donna Brazile gave the questions. You know that, right? That was her.

Hung Cao: It was.

Donald Trump: I looked -- I'm looking, I said I haven't seen her in a long time. But she's the one that gave the questions to a debate to Hillary Clinton, crooked Hillary. And when I look at that and I looked at -- there was some other -- a blond woman. I have no idea who she was. The level of hostility was incredible.

Donald Trump: And Reince was in there, but he was a little -- a little bit softer than he should be, to be honest with you. But when I looked at the hostility of that, I said, "Why am I doing it? Let's do it with another network." I want to do it. You know, I won because of the debates. Ask Biden. [Inaudible] But I won because of the debates.

Donald Trump: I want to do debates. But she -- the head of ABC is her comrade's best friend. You know that right? They like the husbands and the whole thing. What kind of a deal is that? I want to have a fair debate. And, you know, they can ask me tough questions. I don't mind. I think I've heard them all from you.

Donald Trump: I hear them every day. But I think it's very unfair. The -- the single worst network for unfairness, I think worse than CNN, worse than NBC, which is really hard to believe. And CBS is probably the best of the group. Fox is the best but of the other side. As an example, today, we had a celebration of some great people, some great, great people who passed away who were killed in the most embarrassing moment in the history of our country, Afghanistan, because we had an incompetent president with incompetent people leading it, and every one of those people should have been fired.

Donald Trump: He never fires anybody. Those generals, Milley, and every one of them should have been fired. They took the military out first. If I asked -- do we have any children in the room? Because if I asked a child who should -- who should go first, they would say everything but the military. They took the military out first, and then it was a bloodbath, and it was a horrible thing.

Donald Trump: It was a horrible thing. And I just went to Arlington Cemetery, and you saw a ceremony with the parents, the sisters in one case, brothers in another case. And these are people that should have never been killed. And when you see the -- the fact that nobody's mentioning Afghanistan -- no, this is the third year -- this is -- I hate to even call it an anniversary because I don't like the word anniversary in this case, but this is the third year of that tragic event.

Donald Trump: And because of that event, we did so badly that Russia went in and invaded Ukraine, Israel was attacked, as you know, on October 7th. We have -- people don't respect us. They don't respect us anymore as a country. And where is our -- we don't even have a president. We have a fascist person running who's incompetent, and we have a president who's not even around.

Donald Trump: He went to California for a vacation because they threw him, essentially, out of the party. And then he came back home and I said, oh, is he going to go to the White House? No, he went to Delaware to take another vacation, and you got Russia over there with like nuclear threats. We got to have a president.

Donald Trump: We got to have a real president that's respected. So, as to your question, I think it's disgraceful and I think ABC is a disgrace. I think having Donna Brazile sitting on that panel, and she's the one that gave the answers and the questions to Hillary Clinton before a debate, I think ABC is -- really should be shut out.

Donald Trump: I'd much rather do it on NBC. I'd much rather do it on CBS, frankly. I think CBS is very unfair but the best of the group. And certainly, I'd do it on Fox. I'd even do it on CNN. I thought CNN treated us very fairly the last time. I think Jake Tapper was very fair and Dana Bash was very fair. But when I watched this interview of Tom Cotton, fortunately, he's a total pro.

Donald Trump: He knows what he's doing. And then when I watched the roundtable after that, I said the hostility is crazy. So, we're thinking about it. We're thinking about it. They also want to change the rules. You know, the deal was we keep the same rules. Now, all of a sudden, they want to make a change in the rules because she can't answer questions.

Donald Trump: Why doesn't she do a couple of question -- why doesn't she do something like I'm doing right now? She can't talk. We can't have another dummy as a president, OK? We cannot have a dummy. And the people from Vietnam agree with that [Inaudible] [Audience responds affirmatively] Go ahead.

Question: President Trump, would -- would you want the microphones muted in the debate whenever you're not speaking?

Donald Trump: We agreed to the same rules. I don't know. Doesn't matter to me. I'd rather have it probably on, but the agreement was that it would be the same as it was last time. In that case, it was muted. I didn't like it the last time, but it worked out fine. I mean, ask Biden how it worked out. It was fine. And I think it should be the same.

Donald Trump: We agreed to the same rules, same rules and same specifications, and I think that's probably what it should be. But they're -- they're trying to change it. The truth is they're trying to get out of it because she doesn't want to debate. She's not a good debater. She's not a smart person. She doesn't want to debate.

Donald Trump: But when I looked at the hostility during the weekend, you watch it, "This Week with George Slopadopolus." And the Vietnamese didn't get that one. You got it.

Hung Cao: Yes, sir.

Donald Trump: If you didn't get it, I couldn't -- couldn't endorse you. But no, we -- we want to have fairness. We have to bring fairness back to the country. And we have to have a president. We are the closest to World War III, I believe, that we've ever been right now, right this second, and we have a man that just took a vacation in California.

Donald Trump: He was on the beach. And he came back today. Where's he going? Delaware. Why? Another vacation. He's going for another week. That's not the Vietnamese. They're hardworking people, aren't they? All right.

Question: President Trump, how are you specifically preparing for the debate versus Harris --

Donald Trump: I'm not. Really, I'm not. I'm not spending a lot of time on it. I think my whole life, I've been preparing for a debate. You know, you can go in and you can have all sorts of sessions. I watched Mitt Romney go in, and he worked so hard. He -- for weeks, he locked himself into a log cabin, and then he developed a lockjaw.

Donald Trump: He couldn't -- couldn't speak. I watched other people. I mean, you basically -- you have to be real. You know, you can't cram knowledge into your head for -- you know, 30 years of knowledge in one week. So, you know, there's a little debate prep, but I've always done it, more or less, the same way. And you have to know your subject, and I think I know my subject.

Donald Trump: I think I know it better than anybody. I created the greatest economy in history. We created -- we rebuilt the military. We had no wars other than ISIS, which I already -- which I inherited, and I beat ISIS in four weeks, four weeks. We rebuilt the military, and then you see they gave away a lot of the stuff that I rebuilt.

Donald Trump: They gave billions of dollars away to Afghanistan and in addition to the dead soldiers that we were just celebrating. I mean, great, great people. We were just celebrating them. And the press won't mention Afghanistan. Do you ever hear them mention --

Hung Cao: No, sir.

Donald Trump: They don't even talk about -- Afghanistan was tragic for many reasons: obviously, the dead; obviously, the wounded; obviously, giving away billions of dollars worth of equipment. But it was devastating for one other reason. Because of Afghanistan, it showed our enemies that we're incompetent, that we have an incompetent president, an incompetent vice president.

Donald Trump: And look, Putin would have never -- if I were president, he would have never gone into Ukraine. When he saw that, when he saw Afghanistan, he said, "This is a great time. Let's go." Because it was the apple of his eye. I know him well. But I always said, "Vladimir, you're not doing it." But it was the apple of his eye.

Donald Trump: When I was gone and we have this guy that doesn't know he's alive, and when that happened, Afghanistan happened, which was so tragic and so incompetent, Putin said these people are highly overrated [Inaudible] He would have never gone in. If you didn't have the Afghanistan, he would have never gone in.

Donald Trump: OK. Thank you. We're making another stop. We're going to Michigan. And next stop is Michigan. We're going to save the auto industry because we're not going to have an auto industry. They're making all-electric cars. They're all going to be made in China, and we're not going to have an auto industry. So, we're going to go and save the auto industry.

Donald Trump: We're going to bring back many plants. We're going to make automobile production bigger than it ever was in this country, and it'll be easy to do. And we're not going to let China build massive auto factories in Mexico, where they're building them right now. They're building massive factories in Mexico.

Donald Trump: And they think they're going to make cars in Mexico and sell them into us and we're going to lose all our jobs, not going to happen. These people that love Vietnam also, they have -- they're very smart people, great business people, great successful business people. When they hear that, you -- you understand just instinctively that I'm right.

Donald Trump: Thank you all very much. I appreciate it. [Applause]

Unidentified: Thank you.

Thanh Huong Thi Truong: Sign [Inaudible]

Unidentified: President Trump --

Donald Trump: Appreciate you saving [Inaudible] I can do them better.

Thanh Huong Thi Truong: Here is it. [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: [Inaudible] I'll do it. But let me see that so I can sign that.

Thanh Huong Thi Truong: Vietnamese [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: OK.

Question: Have you ever tried Vietnamese food?

Donald Trump: Who?

Question: Vietnamese food.

Donald Trump: I love Vietnamese food, but I love the [Inaudible] More than the food, I like the [Inaudible]

Unidentified: So, beef, tripe, or pork?

Donald Trump: What?

Unidentified: Beef, tripe, or pork?

Question: What was going through your mind when that bullet went through your ears?

Unidentified: Yeah.

Thanh Huong Thi Truong: [Inaudible] Very lucky.

Donald Trump: Let me do it. [Inaudible] How's the food? They're good?

Unidentified: Yeah. Yeah.

Thanh Huong Thi Truong: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: Yes.

Thanh Huong Thi Truong: I need you to remember me, all right? [Inaudible]

Unidentified: [Inaudible]

Thanh Huong Thi Truong: [Inaudible] More than 10 year.

Donald Trump: I know we have a lot of [Inaudible]

Thanh Huong Thi Truong: Thank you. He's so lucky. The president for me. [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: All right.

Unidentified: You, you're good. Vietnamese American people are rooting for you, sir.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Thanh Huong Thi Truong: Yeah.

Unidentified: [Inaudible] vote for you, sir.

Donald Trump: I have so many. No, I have so [Inaudible]

Unidentified: Like 100 percent support you.

Thanh Huong Thi Truong: And my keys --

Unidentified: Yes, sir.

Thanh Huong Thi Truong: Yeah -- yeah, my keys [Inaudible]

Question: President Trump, are you considering appointing RFK Jr. as your health secretary if you're reelected?

Donald Trump: Say it what?

Question: Are you considering RFK Jr. as your health secretary if you're reelected?

Donald Trump: Well, we haven't talked about it, but he knows a lot about the subject and he's really been well-received by the party, I will tell you. He's a great guy, very well-received by the party.

Unidentified: [Untranslated] Excuse me.

Donald Trump: OK. One, $2 bill. OK, I'll get it [Inaudible]

Unidentified: Ma'am, can you move the books? You guys have such a cool outfit.

Thanh Huong Thi Truong: [Inaudible] One hundred, very lucky.

Donald Trump: How tough is that language to learn? Should I learn Vietnamese? Should I learn Vietnamese?

Unidentified: Yes, learn. Yes, learn. At least a few words. At least a few words. We all fight for you, sir.

Donald Trump: So, let me ask you, you still love your country right?

Unidentified: Yes. Yes.

Donald Trump: No, but you still love your country?

Unidentified: Yes.

Donald Trump: Not the party.

Unidentified: Not -- not the communist, no. No communist. Not the party. Not the communist party. No communist. But we need you. We need you for the next four years. Excuse me, guys.

Donald Trump: What's going on there?

Thanh Huong Thi Truong: [Inaudible] That's mine. That's mine.

Unidentified: No, no, no. [Inaudible] No.

Donald Trump: That's why they're successful.

Unidentified: Can you sign my $1? No, no, I -- I [Inaudible] [Untranslated]

Donald Trump: I know you do.

Unidentified: [Untranslated] Take one step back, please. Take one step back. Please, please, one step back. [Inaudible] Take a step back. Take a step back, back. Ma'am, please step back.

Donald Trump: Thank you, everybody.

Unidentified: Thank you. OK.

Donald Trump: [Inaudible]

Question: President Trump --

Unidentified: Yeah. [Untranslated] Thank you.

Question: President Trump, yesterday, JD Vance said he believes November will be a free and fair election.

Unidentified: Thank you, President Trump.

Question: Do you believe that to be the case?

Donald Trump: I think JD Vance is doing a fantastic job.

Unidentified: Yes.

Donald Trump: People really dig it. They want strength. We have a lot of weakness -- weakness. We have the weakest worst politicians on the left. I've never seen -- they're giving our country away. We cannot let it happen. Thank you, Vietnam.

Unidentified: Thank you. [Applause] Thank you so much. USA. USA.

Donald Trump: But it's a great honor to be with you, and congratulations on your success.