Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-coffee-shop-dearborn-michigan-november-1-2024

Donald Trump: I'll tell them.

Question: Was that necessary to make the comments in that form?

Donald Trump: Oh, yeah. Sure. She's a war hawk. She kills people. She wanted to -- even in my administration, she was pushing that we go to war with everybody. And I said, "If you ever gave her a rifle and let her do the fighting, if you ever do that, she wouldn't be doing too well." I will tell you right now, but she's a war hawk.

Donald Trump: She wants to go kill people unnecessarily. And if you -- if she had to do it herself and she had to face the consequences of battle, she wouldn't be doing it. So, it's easy for her to talk, but she wouldn't be doing it.

Question: Sir --

Donald Trump: She's actually a disgrace.

Question: President Trump -- Mr. President -- Harris has said -- President Trump, will you have Nikki Haley campaign with you in all of the final days?

Unidentified: Can I go with you?

Donald Trump: Well, she is campaigning. I mean, she's campaigning for us. Yeah.

Albert Abbas: Mr. Trump --

Question: Will -- will you --

Albert Abbas: I'm sorry, guys.

Question: You said last time -- President Trump, you said last time you would -- you said you would let Robert F. Kennedy Jr. do whatever he wants with health care. What [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: Well, he's going to have a big role in health care.

Question: HHS maybe?

Donald Trump: In fact, we just -- we just left. In fact, I think he might be here.

Question: He's right behind you. He's right -- he's right here. You're comfortable with his views on -- Will he run HHS? You're comfortable with his views on vaccines, Mr. President?

Donald Trump: We'll be talking about a lot of things, but he's going to have a big role in health care, a very big role.

Question: Is it HHS maybe?

Donald Trump: He knows it -- he knows it better than anybody. He's got some views that I happen to agree with very strongly and I have for a long time, I mean, for --

Question: On what?

Donald Trump: For years. You and I, we'd -- we all be seeing it as it -- as it comes.

Question: What about his views on vaccine and maybe a position at HHS?

Donald Trump: All of these things will be talked about in this course.

Albert Abbas: This -- this meeting is for the community of Dearborn, so please let us welcome Mr. Donald J. Trump. Thank you. Thank you very much.

Unidentified: Fight.

Donald Trump: Thank you, darling.

Unidentified: Dearborn is Trump country, Trump. Yeah. Yes, yes, yes. Hi, Mr. Trump.

Albert Abbas: So --

Unidentified: Fight. Fight. Fight. Fight.

Albert Abbas: Mr. Trump, please.

Unidentified: Mr. President --

Albert Abbas: Let me -- let me share a couple of words -- let me share a couple of words for our president -- for our future president and former president, Mr. Donald J. Trump.

Unidentified: Yes. Yes.

Albert Abbas: A wise man once said, "Peace is the prize," and I stand before him today. As Arab Americans, we unite against the betrayal of those in power. Our families back home suffer. Their cries for help echoing across borders, while the world remains silent. It is time to prioritize our nation's best interests and foster lasting peace for all.

Albert Abbas: This current administration has failed miserably in all aspects of humanity. It is imperative that the Republican Party recognizes the contributions of Arab Americans. No longer will we tolerate the narrative of fake news that seeks to demonize our people. We are proud Americans enriching this nation with our hospitality, education, and hard work.

Albert Abbas: From doctors to humanitarians and poets to politicians, we embody the spirit of resilience and progress. We look to Trump -- to a Trump presidency with hope, envisioning a time where peace flourishes, particularly in Lebanon and Palestine, maintaining the integrity of our borders. We appreciate the recent letter regarding Lebanon.

Albert Abbas: However, I cannot stand silent -- in silence when Palestine is being erased. Please help us stop the bloodshed. No amount of money or power should be prioritized over human life. US citizens should decide elections, not foreign entities and biased media sources. We must reclaim the promise of our forefathers, the freedom of speech, untainted by censorship from social media giants.

Albert Abbas: These platforms should serve as the public spaces, allowing us to reveal the truths and shine the light of the injustices around the world. As we approach the next election, let us be clear, the outcome will reflect the ineffective policies and leadership that have put us all at risk. I believe that you will stand up to corruption, fostering peace and prosperity through diplomacy rather than through bombs and bloodshed.

Albert Abbas: I, along with many others, truly appreciate that you made it a priority to visit Dearborn, one of the greatest cities in the United States. It is vital to keep building these connections and strengthening relationships with our incredibly intelligent community, especially after the election. Now, I would like to honor our future president, Mr.

Albert Abbas: Donald Trump, with a plaque on behalf of all peace-loving Michiganders. From a quote from Ronald Reagan that says, "Peace is not the absence of conflict, but the ability to handle conflict by peaceful means."

Unidentified: Well said.

Albert Abbas: Thank you very much.

Donald Trump: Good job. Good job.

Albert Abbas: Thank you. Thank you so much. I will hold on to it so you don't have to walk around with that. Thank you. [Audience chants "USA"]

Donald Trump: It's very nice.

Albert Abbas: Thank you very much.

Donald Trump: I want to thank you. And look, I know many people from Lebanon, and we have to get this whole thing over with. We want to have peace. We want to have peace on Earth, all over, all over. And these are wonderful people, and I very much appreciate it and being with you in Dearborn as well. I appreciate it.

Albert Abbas: Thank you very much. It's shaped in the hand of Michigan because Michigan will decide this election and Michigan is turning around to be a Republican state. Thank you.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. Thank you, everybody.

Albert Abbas: Thank you very much.

Donald Trump: Thank you. Thank you very much.

Question: Will you help Israel [Inaudible] about Lebanon?

Unidentified: Thank you, President. We'll help you. Mr. President -- Mr. President --

Albert Abbas: Mr. Trump [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: Hello, everybody.

Unidentified: Can I get a picture with you?

Albert Abbas: This is my --

Unidentified: Hello. How are you?

Albert Abbas: This is my father.

Unidentified: Mr. Trump, welcome to Dearborn.

Albert Abbas: That is my mom.

Unidentified: That's right. That's right. Welcome to Dearborn.

Donald Trump: Who's the boss in the family?

Unidentified: I am. Mr. President --

Albert Abbas: She's the boss.

Donald Trump: OK.

Unidentified: Can I get a picture with you? That's my son. And, Mr. President, I love you. Can we get a selfie? I love you. Mr. Trump -- I love you so much.

Albert Abbas: You guys --

Unidentified: We love you, Trump. We love you, President Trump. There you go. There you go.

Albert Abbas: Let us walk through, guys.

Unidentified: Mr. President, can I -- can I get a picture by any chance, sir?

Donald Trump: Hello, everybody.

Unidentified: We love you. We love you. Can I get a selfie?

Donald Trump: Oh, it's good [Inaudible]

Unidentified: [Untranslated] like he's governor -- We got my mom [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: Come on in. Come on in.

Unidentified: Thank you. Let me have my dream selfie. Thank you, sir. That's a beautiful picture.

Albert Abbas: OK. That's it, guys. Come on.

Unidentified: Best president we've ever had.

Donald Trump: Thank you, everybody.

Unidentified: President Trump, can we get a picture?

Albert Abbas: Thank you. Let's get him through. Let us get him through.

Unidentified: President Trump -- Mr. President [Inaudible]

Albert Abbas: Mr. President -- Mr. President, one more [Inaudible]

Unidentified: Mr. Trump -- Mr. Trump, welcome to Dearborn. Mr. President [Inaudible] businessman. Pleasure, Mr. President. Pleasure. Pleasure. Thank you.

Donald Trump: A businessman, huh?

Unidentified: Yes, and we need a good businessman -- We love you, President Trump. To solve the problems of the Middle East. We love you, Trump. Yes, we do.

Albert Abbas: Businessman and a peaceful man.

Unidentified: Mr. President -- President Trump, can I have a picture with you? No reaching. No pushing, guys. No pushing.

Donald Trump: That's OK.

Unidentified: Can I take a picture?

Donald Trump: Yeah, let's go. Turn around. Turn around. No, no, just turn.

Unidentified: Yeah. It's OK. Thank you. President Trump, we love you. President Trump -- We got to be calm.

Donald Trump: Yes, come.

Unidentified: Trump, I love you.

Donald Trump: Go ahead.

Unidentified: Yeah, Dad. Can I take one picture? Yeah. President Trump, it's my first election, and I'm happy to say, I'm voting for you.

Donald Trump: You better vote for me.

Unidentified: Can I get a picture with you? Mr. Trump, God bless your family. Mr. Trump [Inaudible] You have the biggest shoe. Mr. Trump -- He has 400,000 followers on [Inaudible] Mr. Trump, can you take a picture? We love you. God bless you. Mr. Trump [Inaudible] Thanks, guys. President -- president -- president [Inaudible] Mr.

Unidentified: President, please, I want a picture with you, too.

Unidentified: Too much information. Mr. President -- Donald, please, come in. Mr. President [Inaudible] God bless you. God bless you.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Unidentified: Look over here, please. Hi.

Donald Trump: Oh, look at this.

Albert Abbas: We have our mayors from our various cities.

Unidentified: Trump 2024. Mr. Trump, I love [Inaudible] I love [Inaudible] Mr. Trump --

Donald Trump: Hello, everybody.

Unidentified: Mr. Trump. What's up, brother? Hi. Mr. Trump.

Donald Trump: Hello. [Inaudible] We got the mayor right now here.

Unidentified: President Trump.

Donald Trump: Hello, my mayor.

Unidentified: Trump forever.

Amer Ghalib: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: You're a great mayor.

Unidentified: Mr. President -- Get him something to eat. [Inaudible] Mr. President. Bring it home to [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: What food do you have?

Unidentified: We have everything.

Donald Trump: I want some good food here. These are great people. These are great people. I like that guy right there. Everything OK? Everything good? Business is good? What is this?

Unidentified: Let me take them.

Donald Trump: I'll do that. Give me a pen.

Unidentified: You need a pen, Mr. President? Do you have a marker? Mr. President, that's yours. It's real.

Donald Trump: Who's -- who's this at?

Albert Abbas: Tariq [Inaudible]

Unidentified: No, it's never Tariq. It's for me [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: Oh, the great fighter, the great fighter?

Albert Abbas: OK.

Donald Trump: I'm going to sign this for you. I'm going to give it to you, OK?

Albert Abbas: OK.

Unidentified: Thank you.

Question: Anything you have to say about the Muslim ban, MB --

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Question: Daily reflected in these communities?

Albert Abbas: There is no Muslim ban.

Unidentified: Mr. President --

Albert Abbas: America was created based on the hard work of good Muslims as well.

Bill Bazzi: All right. Let's give it to him.

Unidentified: Mr. President --

Donald Trump: Nice one. Thank you very much, everyone.

Unidentified: Thank you, Donald Trump.

Donald Trump: Thank you, everybody. Very nice.

Unidentified: Thank you.

Donald Trump: You're working hard.

Unidentified: Thank you, sir.

Donald Trump: I've been watching you, huh? Is she doing a good job? She's doing a good job?

Unidentified: She's doing a great job. She's the best.

Donald Trump: But I think I'm working harder.

Unidentified: I think so, too. President --

Donald Trump: Sixty-two days in a row.

Question: Mr. President, why was Dearborn so important to you? You're the first candidate to --

Donald Trump: Because we really do. We have a great feeling for Lebanon, and I know so many people from Lebanon, Lebanese people. And the Muslim population, they're liking Trump, and I've had a good relationship with them. This is it. This is where they are, Dearborn.

Unidentified: President --

Donald Trump: We want their votes, and we're looking for their votes, and I think we'll get their votes. What do you think? Do you think we'll get their votes?

Bill Bazzi: Oh, yeah.

Unidentified: Oh, yeah.

Donald Trump: I have a feeling we're --

Bill Bazzi: You're going to get it.

Unidentified: President Trump --

Donald Trump: And we have polls that came out just now. We're doing very well in Michigan. We're doing very well in Pennsylvania. We're doing great in Arizona. It's eight up, nine up, something like that. And overall, we're doing extremely -- somebody said 97 percent chance of winning. You saw that, 97 percent? But I don't know about that.

Donald Trump: All I know is you have to go out and vote. Where is --

Question: Kamala Harris' advisers --

Donald Trump: Are you going to all go and vote?

Unidentified: Absolutely. Absolutely.

Donald Trump: And you wouldn't vote for Kamala?

Unidentified: No.

Donald Trump: Kamala. Nobody is going to vote for Kamala.

Question: Kamala Harris' advisers are saying that you will declare victory no matter what and ahead of time. Mr. President -- What is -- what are your comments on this?

Donald Trump: All I can tell you is she's an inferior candidate. She shouldn't be running. She didn't get one vote. She is totally an inferior candidate. She shouldn't be running. They took it away from Biden. They've treated Biden very unfairly. I have to tell you that. When you talk about democracy, they have treated him very unfairly, OK?

Question: Mr. President, the vice president has criticized your elevation of Robert F. Kennedy. She just said that she thinks he's the last person in America that should be involved in health care planning. How do you respond to that?

Donald Trump: Well, that's because they've lost him. He was a Democrat all his life. It's the Kennedy family. He's the first one to do this. And they've lost him, and they're very unhappy about it. And I think they're very unhappy about their poll numbers because she is sinking like a dead ship. And no, he's great.

Question: You mentioned specifically --

Donald Trump: He is -- he is a great guy. I've known him a long time. And he's -- all he wants to do is -- very simply, he wants to make people healthy, and I think that's good.

Question: And you mentioned specifically women's health -- You were -- you were asked about your health care plan --

Unidentified: [Inaudible] special coffee.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Bill Bazzi: It's on -- it's on me, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Huh?

Bill Bazzi: The coffee is on me.

Donald Trump: Oh, Mr. Mayor. Now, here's the mayor of a big city. More people should be a mayor like him. He's doing a good job, right?

Bill Bazzi: Thank you, sir. Coffee's on me.

Donald Trump: Let me have one.

Bill Bazzi: We're going to need it.

Donald Trump: You can give them some coffee, too. We'll calm them -- we'll calm them down, right? You want some coffee? You want some coffee? She's going to have some coffee.

Unidentified: Is it a plain black coffee or anything --

Donald Trump: Yeah, yeah. Look at that. I don't drink coffee, but these are minor details.

Unidentified: Mr. President --

Question: Mr. President, you --

Unidentified: I am [Inaudible] My family is all voting for you.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.

Unidentified: We're supporting you.

Donald Trump: She's very nice. Thank you. It's a nice trip.

Albert Abbas: Put together our pass. [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: Yeah, put together for my people, and it'll be great, and take care of these people.

Question: Oh, can you give us a name?

Bill Bazzi: Thank you, sir.

Albert Abbas: My name is Albert Abbas.

Donald Trump: How are you doing?

Unidentified: I'm good.

Question: Albert Abbas.

Albert Abbas: Yes.

Question: You're the owner?

Albert Abbas: I am the --

Donald Trump: Good numbers. Did you see the numbers?

Albert Abbas: Brother of the owner. I organized this event.

Question: Mr. President, at the debate, you were asked about your health care plan. You said you have concepts of a plan.

Unidentified: Bring it home.

Question: What message do you have today for Arab American and Muslim communities? What message do you have today for Arab American and Muslim communities?

Donald Trump: I love you.

Unidentified: All right. Thank you.

Question: What do you have to say about Gaza?

Unidentified: Sorry. Mr. Trump, I'm [Inaudible] from Dearborn. I can't hear him. Thank you, Mr. President. Guys, guys. No, I want to get a picture of him. We should have come out this way. Mr. President, Latinos for Trump. President Trump. Awesome. Thank you. President Trump. Mr. Trump.

Donald Trump: Come on, man.

Unidentified: Trump.

Donald Trump: Whose boy is this?

Unidentified: I think he smiled. President, how's your ear?

Donald Trump: He's a big boy.

Unidentified: He was really worried about your ear.

Donald Trump: [Inaudible]

Unidentified: Let's go. Let's go. President Trump. Let's go. Thank you, Mr. President. Not on your watch. President Trump. Trump, not on your clock. God bless you, Trump.

Donald Trump: Get out and vote. Get out and vote.

Unidentified: God bless you. Trump --

Donald Trump: Go ahead.

Unidentified: Guys, Mr. Trump. Mr. Trump.

Donald Trump: Hold it tight. Hold it tight.

Unidentified: Bring -- hand me those glasses. We love you, Mr. Trump. We love you. No reaching. No reaching. President Trump. President Trump. President --

Donald Trump: Get out and vote. Get out and vote.

Unidentified: Mr. President -- Mr. President, we love you so much. We love this guy, also. We love this guy, also. Mr. Trump. Mr. Trump.

Question: Sir, you mentioned specifically women's health yesterday. You were talking about RFK Jr.

Donald Trump: He's great, RFK.

Question: But women's health.

Donald Trump: RFK Jr. is great. And, you know, they wish they had him, but they don't have him. I have him.

Question: But you mentioned specifically women's health. Do you still believe that a two-state solution is possible? What's your -- Sir, Liz Cheney interpreted your comments last night as a threat against her life. What is your response to that?

Donald Trump: I think that Liz Cheney is a disaster. All she wants to do is blow people up. She's a war hawk and a dumb one at that. And if you ever put her into the field of battle, she'd be the first one to chicken out. She wouldn't fight. She'd chicken out so fast. And that's all I say.

Question: Harris --

Donald Trump: These are the people --

Question: Harris --

Donald Trump: They don't mind killing people. But if they had to do it themselves, she wouldn't fight. She's a coward.

Question: Harris, she said that that kind of language is disqualifying for someone who's running for president. Do you agree? Mr. Trump, do you think what's happening in Gaza is a genocide? Sir, what conversations have you had recently with Prime Minister Netanyahu about bringing peace in the Middle East?

Donald Trump: We had a good conversation.

Question: He said that --

Donald Trump: We're going to bring peace. You're going to have peace in the Middle East, but not with the clowns that you have running the US right now. You're going to have peace -- you're going to have peace in the Middle East, and they should have peace in the Middle East, but not with the clowns you have in the Middle East.

Donald Trump: Let me tell you. What you have, you have people in the Middle East that aren't doing their job and you have people in the US that aren't doing their job. And when they get it together, when they get it right, you're going to have peace in the Middle East.

Question: Have you talked about a specific end to the conflict with Prime Minister Netanyahu?

Donald Trump: I always talk about things like that. Thank you very much, everybody.