Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-teleconference-maine-supporters-october-7-2024

Donald Trump: Well, Michael, thank you very much. It's an honor to be with everybody. I love Maine, and we worked hard for Maine, and Michael is also working hard for Maine. We have 29 days away from the most important election in the history of our country. And it's so important that I'm sitting in Miami getting absolutely poured on.

Donald Trump: We came in by flight. And as you know, a Category 5 hurricane is coming into Florida sometime tomorrow. It's going to be one of the worst ever. It's a terrible, terrible thing and this is after North Carolina, Georgia, and Alabama, etc. But this is going to be a big one. This looks like it could be the biggest one ever.

Donald Trump: We just had the biggest one ever. So, this is something. But I'm seeing the very beginning of it where I am, and I just felt it was very important to continue this call and to make this call because Maine is special. And voting in your state, it started today. I'm asking you to get out, make a plan to vote early for Trump either by mail or in person.

Donald Trump: Some of you may receive your ballots today, and you need to get that out, vote, and return those ballots as quickly as you can. This election, Maine's second Congressional district also needs to fire the radical-left Congressman Jared Golden, who goes around pretending he's my best friend because, as you know, I win Maine 2 by a lot.

Donald Trump: Those people like me. Maine 1 should like me. And I hope we're going to win Maine 1. We're fighting to get Maine 1 also, but Jared Golden is a terrible congressman. He voted with Biden almost every single time for horrible things. I mean, you know what the things are, including open borders and you discuss so many horrible things the way they spent money on the green new scam and all of this.

Donald Trump: Jared -- Jared Golden did this. And we have somebody that's fantastic, Austin Theriault, and he's running for Congress. He's about even in the polls, and he's a guy that I endorsed right at the beginning. He's fantastic. So, Jared Golden votes with Kamala Harris about 100 percent of the time -- I mean, virtually 100 % of the time -- and Biden.

Donald Trump: You know, they're trying to separate each other. She doesn't want to be associated with him, and she got hit on it very hard today. She said I don't have any -- she -- she's trying to say she has nothing to do with him, but she has everything to do with him. That's why he went out and had a news conference to say that she indeed was a part of this mess that they created.

Donald Trump: But if you can go with Austin Theriault, he's a fantastic young guy. He's going to really represent you well, and he's got our values. But I also do want to talk, Maine 1, we love you. I've been with you. I've helped your state more than any other president ever in history. We opened up the 5,000 miles to the lobstermen and fishermen.

Donald Trump: And they closed it, but I'm going to open it up right away, and that's going to give you a lot of income. And if Maine 1 can go with Maine 2, I think it would win the election even more easily. So, I just wanted to discuss her for just a second because you know that Kamala Harris let in 21 million illegal aliens in less than four years.

Donald Trump: And many of those people were murderers. They were drug lords. They were gang members, and we have to live with them now. We're going to get them out of our country. We've got to. We have no choice. It's not sustainable. And your radical-left governor has announced a plan to resettle 75,000 migrants.

Donald Trump: Many of them will be murderers, gang members, and terrorists, frankly. And whatever is going on with him, radical-left governor, he's announced the plan already. He wants to resettle 75,000 migrants into Maine. That's only because they told him to do so. He's weak and ineffective, and they told him to do so.

Donald Trump: And he's saying, "Yes, sir. Yes, ma'am. I will do it." The entire country is going crazy over this. Nobody wants it, and everybody's trying to be so politically correct. But nobody wants it. It'll destroy the fabric of Maine. You can't do it. And I hope you're listening, Maine 1, because you're the one that's going to get them.

Donald Trump: They're going to be living right next to you. You don't want to have that. You don't want to destroy -- look at what happened in Springfield, Ohio. Look at what happened -- go to Colorado in Aurora. You don't want to have that. So, Maine 1, vote for Trump. The entire -- if you take a look at the entire population of Portland as an example -- is less than 70,000 people.

Donald Trump: So, that means they're going to settle more people than they have right now in Portland. Kamala is turning your state into a dumping ground because they have a governor that will do whatever they say. And that's the next thing. You better get rid of him someday in the near future. And if she wins, Maine's unique character will be lost forever.

Donald Trump: You're never going to get it back, and you have a very special -- I know it well. I have so many friends that live there. They love it, and they're not going to love it. They won't stand for it. They all are going to leave. Many, many people are going to leave. It'll be third world. Maine being third world is not good.

Donald Trump: Kamala Harris cast the tie-breaking votes for the brutal inflation that was caused by really horrible policies on -- on everything but oil and gas. We have more liquid gold than any other country in the world, and we get it from other countries. If you remember, just a short while ago, we were energy-independent, but we're not energy-independent anymore.

Donald Trump: We get our oil from Venezuela. I call it Venezuela tar. Venezuela tar. She supports the abolition of ICE. These are great patriots who take bad people out of our country. There's -- nobody else is going to do that job. And they are great patriots, actually, and they're tough people. Defund the police was her baby.

Donald Trump: She headed it up for a long time. And I always say, anybody that was with defund the police, even for a short period of time, does not qualify to be president. She wants to outlaw private health insurance. A lot of you in Maine have private insurance. You don't want to wait on line for her socialist system, which is what she wants, where people wait for four months to see a doctor.

Donald Trump: Taxpayer-funded sex change operations for illegals. She wants to give anybody, including illegals, taxpayer-funded sex change operations, and she'll destroy Medicare and Social Security because the people coming in are going on to Medicare and Social Security. I will never do that. I never did. I never even suggested it.

Donald Trump: I will never increase the age like she'll have no choice but to do. And also, she wants to ban fracking, which would be horrible for energy and horrible, by the way, for the state of Pennsylvania. If you take a look, the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania will be literally destroyed if they do that. And your prices will go way up.

Donald Trump: You already have the highest prices in the nation. Maine has the highest prices in the nation. So, we have the largest tax hikes coming. If she wins, she's giving the largest tax hikes in American history. She will destroy our country, and she will destroy it just like she did San Francisco and California.

Donald Trump: She was the DA in San Francisco, and it went from the best city in the country -- probably the best city in the country to a city that's no longer livable. And she's the same thing with California when she was the attorney general. It is now and that Gavin Newscum helped, frankly, the governor. He helped a lot.

Donald Trump: But between the two of them, California now is more people going out than coming in. And you take a look at what we're going to do and just briefly. Seal the border. Stop the invasion of criminals into our country and into your state. And begin the largest deportation effort in the history of this country.

Donald Trump: The largest really was Dwight Eisenhower. Ours will have to surpass it, and it's not something I want to do either, but we have to get the criminals. We have to get the murderers the drug lords, the gang members. We have to get them out because it's not -- we don't have -- nobody has law enforcement to handle this.

Donald Trump: What they've done to our country is unthinkable. End inflation, and make America affordable again. Stand up to our great -- and this is what's going to happen. We have to -- we have to stand up for our great New England lobstermen and save the Maine fishing industry. And I'll just tell you that I made a deal with the European Union long time ago to eliminate tariffs on American lobster, the first time the EU -- European Union tariff reduction on any product took place in over 20 years.

Donald Trump: I also opened up the 5,000 square miles of ocean that Barack Hussein Obama had closed down to New England fishermen and lobstermen. So, I was there, and when I did it -- you had lobstermen in the room when I did it, and they literally broke down and cried. And I'm telling you, these are tough people.

Donald Trump: They haven't cried since they were a baby and maybe they didn't even cry when they were a baby, but they cried then. They couldn't believe I did it, and I'm going to do it again on the first day in office. It's so crazy. The Canadians are able to fish there, but the Americans aren't. We're going to open it up.

Donald Trump: You're going to have Maine lobster, and you're going to have it right near you. Think of it, 5,000 square miles. It is absolutely ridiculous. Other people are allowed to, but you're not. We're going to make America the dominant energy producer in the world. I say always we have more liquid gold than anybody, including Russia and Saudi Arabia, and we're going to use it.

Donald Trump: And very important for so many of the people in Maine, no tax on tips, no tax on overtime, and no tax on Social Security benefits for our great seniors. So, the seniors have been hurt, and everybody's been hurt by the horrible inflation that was caused by them because of their energy policies and their green new scam and all the other things that they do.

Donald Trump: So, we're going to do that. If you remember, no tax on tips, no tax on overtime, no tax on Social Security benefits for our seniors. We're going to stop outsourcing and turn the USA into a manufacturing superpower, and we're going to do that very quickly through intelligent taxation. We will do it very, very quickly.

Donald Trump: And something I can do that I don't think anybody else can -- I know every one of them -- prevent World War III and restore peace through strength. We're going to protect the Second Amendment, which is totally under siege. They want to take away your guns. She has openly stated her entire political career, she wants to take away guns from everybody.

Donald Trump: And Kamala wants to confiscate anything having to do with guns or bullets or anything else. So, if you're from Maine, I can tell you you better vote because you're not going to be allowed. They're going to do it. I mean, they will absolutely do it because the president has the power to do that. And as you know, I -- I totally protected the Second Amendment, and it has been under siege.

Donald Trump: We didn't do anything. We left our Second Amendment exactly as it is. We're going to also cut federal funding for any school pushing critical race theory and radical gender ideology. We will cut it. It will not happen. And of course, we're going to keep men out of women's sports, which is taking over our country since these people have been in.

Donald Trump: Men in women's sports, the most ridiculous thing anyone's ever heard of. But for all of that to happen, you must go out and vote early and vote for Trump and just -- you got to do it. And if you ask for a vote, 24.com/maine for information. They'll give you everything you need to know. And after you vote, volunteer to help us turn in more voters.

Donald Trump: We want to sign up everybody. We really want to win Maine 1. Main 2 loves me. Maine 1, I'm OK, but not as good as I should be because all of the things I'm talking about, which very much affects Maine 2, they also affect Maine 1, especially in income and on your taxes and on all of the other things. Remember, I'm cutting your taxes, gave you the largest tax cut in history.

Donald Trump: And she is going to raise your taxes 47 percent. So, you could call trumpforce47.com. So, we want to make a landlord -- and we want to have a landslide that's really -- we use this little expression, too big to rig. If it's too big to rig, in other words, we get so many votes that they can't rig it, they can't play around with the numbers, play around it -- it won't make sense for them.

Donald Trump: They'll try to do it anyway, but it won't make sense. Too big to rig. And remember, send in that ballot today right away. And Maine and everybody on the phone, I really want to thank you for a great relationship we've had. And I'll be up there soon to see you. I may even make one more call to you before the most important day in the history of our country, which is going to be November 5th and because I want to bug you to get out and vote.

Donald Trump: And, Maine 2, I know how good I am there because you've seen what I've done for you. But, Maine 1, I've been just as good for you, and you just can't vote for these people. Look at the horrible job that they've done on the hurricane that hit North Carolina, Georgia, South Carolina, Alabama, Tennessee, and Florida.

Donald Trump: It's the worst job they say in the history of our country in terms of the aftermath of a storm or a hurricane. There's never been anything so bad and incompetently handled. And that's just an indication. That's the way they run our country. Look at what they did with Afghanistan. Not the pullout. We were pulling out, but we were getting out with dignity and strength.

Donald Trump: The way they pulled out, it's the most embarrassing moment in the history of our country. We wouldn't have had -- if you look at what's happened because of that, I believe that Putin went into Afghanistan. He went into Ukraine because of that. Putin went into Ukraine, and he went in strongly. The Afghanistan situation has caused that because he looked and saw what was happening.

Donald Trump: And he said gross incompetence, and we have the exact opposite. So, just remember, you wouldn't have the -- you wouldn't have the Afghanistan pullout, that horrible pull out, the way they pulled out. We were pulling out. We would have been out sooner than them, but we were doing it with dignity and strength.

Donald Trump: You wouldn't have had the Ukraine invasion by Russia. He would have never done it. Regardless of anything, he wouldn't have. You wouldn't have had October 7th with Israel, and you wouldn't have had all of the bad things that brought -- that were brought about by inflation. So, I ask you for your vote.

Donald Trump: And, Maine 1, get out there and vote because you're affected so much just as -- just as big as Maine 2. And with that, I'm going to give you back to Michael. He's doing a great job. He's essentially the head of the Republican Party. He was in, as you know, North Carolina, did a phenomenal job. We won the election.

Donald Trump: We had no shenanigans played because he had it very well coordinated. And, Michael, great job, and let's see if we can win Maine 1 and Maine 2. And I'll probably speak to you again in a week. Thank you, all.

Michael Whatley: Thank you so much, President Trump, and we hope you have a great event in Miami. And safe travels across the country as you continue to do event after event after event to communicate and talk directly to the American voters about your vision for making America great again. For all of the patriots on the line, I have two requests for you.

Michael Whatley: The first is, today is the first day where you can get a ballot. You can request a ballot by mail. You can get that ballot and return it by mail, or you can drop it off at your polling location in person. Make sure that you get those votes. Make sure you get those ballots. The second thing I'm going to ask you to do is stay on the line, and [Inaudible] is going to be taking over.

Michael Whatley: She has three questions for you, very important polling questions. And we really appreciate the support that we have in Maine. We're going to win. We are going to -- we're going to -- to beat Jared Golden with Austin Theriault. And we're going to deliver that state for President Trump, and we're going to make America great again. Thank you, everybody.

Unidentified: Thank you, Chairman Whatley. Appreciate that. And thank you to President Trump. We're grateful for a wonderful message from you today and for spending time with us. Now, it's time for our three poll questions. We would love to hear from you, our listeners. So, stay on the line with us. And now, it's your turn to participate.

Unidentified: Please use your phone's keypad to answer the first poll question. Here it is: Donald J. Trump has been a great president. Will you vote for him again? Press one for yes. Press two for no. Press three -- Your response has been registered. Again, the first poll question is: Donald J. Trump has been a great president.

Unidentified: Will you vote for him again? Press one for yes. Press two for no. Or press three if you're unsure. Thank you so much for participating. You can see some answers coming in, so we'll keep that poll open for just a few more seconds. You can answer right away. And yep, they're still coming in, so thank you so much for participating and answering that first poll question.

Unidentified: Next, we'll lead into our second poll question for you. This one's about voting early. Are you going to vote early? Press one for yes. Press two for no. Press three if you're unsure. Again, I'll repeat. Your response has been registered. Are you going to vote early? Press one for yes. Press two for no. Or press three if you're unsure.

Unidentified: Very nice. We have lots of answers coming in. We appreciate you guys participating and being on the line with us. This is great. So, we have one final opportunity for you this evening. This one is about you and how you can get involved and help make a difference. So, use your phone's keypad to answer the third and final poll question with us tonight.

Unidentified: Are you interested in volunteering or helping with our election integrity efforts? Press one for yes. Press two for no. Again, the question is: are you interested in volunteering -- Your response has been registered. Integrity efforts. Press one for yes. Press two for no. Thanks so much for joining the tele-rally.

Unidentified: We're very glad that you've joined us by phone today. Thank you, Maine. President Trump wants you to vote and to vote early. So, the site you can go to is trumpvote24.com/maine. And on that site, there's more information about voting, and you can even request a mail ballot on the site. It's trumpvote24.com/maine.

Unidentified: We'll see you at the polls, or you can mail in your ballot right away. Then after you vote, if you'd like to volunteer, you can go to the secure website to sign up. It's trumpforce47.com. Again, the volunteer site is -- share it with your friends and your family and your neighbors. It's trumpforce47.com.

Unidentified: Let's make America great again, and let's make America safe again together. Thank you. This call was paid for by Donald J. Trump for President in 2024 Inc. 703-214-2456. This will conclude tonight's tele-rally. Thank you so much for joining us and spending your time with us. Goodbye.