Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-hurricane-helene-valdosta-georgia-september-30-2024

Unidentified: [inaudible] Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Hello [inaudible]

Unidentified: [inaudible]

Donald Trump: Hey, everybody.

Unidentified: [inaudible]

Donald Trump: [inaudible]

Unidentified: [inaudible] I think [inaudible]

Donald Trump: No good.

Unidentified: And the Veteran Restitution and Justice Act. Go, President Trump.

Donald Trump: Thank you [inaudible]

Unidentified: [inaudible]

Donald Trump: No, I brought them [inaudible] many, many wagons of resources, just about everything you can think of. And Franklin Graham is here, and he's helping us to distribute everything. But we brought a lot of -- lot of things down, trailers, many trailers of material and things --

Question: And do you know how cold this place when the beach got hit very bad? And Governor Kemp spoke with President Biden yesterday but he --

Donald Trump: No, he hasn't.

Unidentified: Aim a shot.

Question: He hasn't?

Donald Trump: Well, thank you very much everybody for being here, and it's an honor. And thank you to all of those great people at Samaritan's Purse, who -- we've seen you at many different sites over the years, and you do a fantastic job. And Franklin -- the job that Franklin, who's right here us, Franklin Graham, we appreciate it.

Donald Trump: We have -- I think I can just go through the list. We have so many people from the state and from the area. We'll start off with Franklin Graham, president, Samaritan's Purse. Thank you very much. Lieutenant Governor of Georgia, Burt Jones. Thank you, Burt. Tyler Harper, we all know; Mike Collins, we all know, congressman, and Austin Scott, great congressman, two incredible patriots; Kelly Loeffler, former US senator, highly respected person.

Donald Trump: Everybody loves her. Russ Goodman, state senator; Sam Watson, state senator. Thank you, Sam. John Corbett, state senator; John Burchett, state representative, as you know; John LaHood, state representative; Ashley Paulk, that's county sheriff. Very good. Thank you, Ashley. Chase Daughtrey, Cook County judge, respected, so respected; Doug Hanks, Cook County sheriff; Ashley Tye, we know; Paige Dukes, we know; Richard Hardy, city manager, Valdosta.

Donald Trump: Thank you. Where is Rich? Yes. Thank you. Scott James, Bill Slaughter, Buddy Duke. Patrick and Kate Watson, the owners of the school. We just spoke. And I said I would have bought some of furniture if you had some in there. But I always look for furniture, and they have beautiful stuff. But they're going to be rebuilt in a very, very short period.

Donald Trump: So, I want to thank everybody. And we came down with truckloads of things, and we're going to have that done by -- by Franklin's incredible organization. They've done such a good job. We've done this before, but we have a lot of truckloads of different items from oil to water, to all sorts of equipment that's going to help them.

Donald Trump: But we're here today to stand in complete solidarity with the people of Georgia and with all of those suffering in the terrible aftermath of Hurricane Helene. Hurricane Helene turned out to be a big one like just about the biggest that anyone has seen. I spoke with all of the relief people, all of the people that do this for a living and do this at least to help.

Donald Trump: And they said they've never seen one this bad. Valdosta has been ravaged. The town is very, very badly hurting. And many thousands are without power. They're running low on food and fuel. We brought a lot of it down with us. It's going to be distributed now or soon throughout Georgia, as well as North Carolina, South Carolina, Florida, Virginia, Alabama, and Tennessee.

Donald Trump: That's a big one. And the devastation wrought by this storm is incredible. It's so extensive. Nobody thought this would be happening, especially now it's so late in the season for the hurricanes. Homes, hospitals, highways, and cars have been plunged underwater. Entire neighborhoods have been turned into lakes.

Donald Trump: Nobody's seen anything like it. And to every family that's been displaced here in Georgia and North Carolina, who's -- which has really been hit, we are going there also. And they don't have communication. They don't have anything right now. They're -- we're trying to -- I just spoke to Elon. I'm getting him.

Donald Trump: I want to -- we want to get Starlink hooked up because they have no communication whatsoever. And Elon -- Elon will always come through, and we know that. And so, we're working on that, getting them hooked up. They asked me whether or not that would be possible, and we're going to try and get the Starlink in there as soon as possible because they have no communication.

Donald Trump: And throughout the region, our hearts are with you, and we are going to be with you as long as you need. It's called an hour of need. You're in our prayers, and we pray to God. And throughout this long weeks, the long weeks that lay ahead, you're going to have a lot of work. But the end result is it's going to be good.

Donald Trump: We just wish so many people weren't so badly hurt and, in many cases, sadly, no longer with us. We love you. We love everyone, everyone. I mean, to be honest, we love everyone. And we'll be back, and we'll be back again soon. And we'll continue to help until you're bigger -- I say bigger, better, stronger than ever before.

Donald Trump: But again, you can't ever discount the fact that people are lost, a lot of people have been lost in this terrible -- this terrible storm, this terrible hurricane. The -- it's a storm that's also taken the lives of -- I guess they have a count of 91, but that count changes on an hourly basis. And it goes only in one direction, unfortunately up, but at least 91 people already.

Donald Trump: And to the families and loved ones of those who have perished, we mourn alongside of you, and we grieve every single life so tragically lost. I'd like to now ask for a moment of silence and prayer, if you would, for those who have died. Thank you. Thank you very much. As you know, our country is in the final weeks of a hard-fought national election.

Donald Trump: But in a time like this, when a crisis hits, when our fellow citizens cry out in need, none of that matters. We're not talking about politics now. We have to all get together and get this solved. We need a lot of help. They have to have a lot of help down here. We look out for one another, we pull together, we pitch in, we persevere, and we pull it through.

Donald Trump: And that is really the American spirit. That's what made America originally great. And that's why today, I've come to Valdosta with large semi trucks, many of them filled with relief aid and a tanker truck filled up with gasoline. We have a couple of the big tanker trucks filled up with gasoline, which they can't get now.

Donald Trump: And we'll be working to distribute it throughout the day. And I want to thank, again, Franklin Graham and everyone at Samaritan's Purse. You people are fantastic, by the way, just -- and people appreciate you very much, for the incredible partnering and work that they've done, not only here but all -- all the time.

Donald Trump: They're always seem to be the first ones at areas that need help. A short time ago, I received a briefing on the situation here in Valdosta from FEMA and the National Guard, as well as a number of state and local officials, quite a few of them. It's amazing the -- the way it's just all been pulled together, really amazing.

Donald Trump: I want to thank Mayor Scott James of Valdosta, who's -- where is Scott? Where is he? Hey. Hey, Scott. Thank you very much. Really great -- really great job. I want to thank Lieutenant Governor Bert Jones and Agricultural Commissioner Tyler Harper; representatives, as I said before, Austin Scott and Mike Collins; and all of the others present.

Donald Trump: I also want to thank Governor Brian Kemp, who's working around the clock to get this problem solved. He's working hard round the clock. We also have a salute to the incredible first responders, law enforcement, heroes, and they are heroes, doctors, nurses, firefighters, Coast Guard, National Guard who have been serving with such extraordinary grace.

Donald Trump: And the work is incredible. Nobody thought they'd see something like this. You're the best. You are truly the best of America, and you're appreciated by America. Sometimes, you don't feel that way, but you're very much appreciated by America. And I know each and every one of you is -- is giving to this community of everything you have.

Donald Trump: You're doing things that you wouldn't normally even think about doing. The people on the ground are doing the best they can in every challenging circumstances. I -- we -- we do need some help from the federal government. They have to get together ideally with the governor. The governor needs to -- he's been trying to get them, and I'm sure they're going to come through.

Donald Trump: But he's been calling the president, hasn't been able to get him. But they'll come through, I'm sure. And Georgia and North Carolina need the help, probably worst of all, but North Carolina has really been hit. They have really been hit. No -- they say nobody's seen anything like that at all. Every part of these communities has been affected by this brutal storm and countless Georgia cotton and pecan farmers.

Donald Trump: The -- the farmers have been affected, Kelly, very, very badly, very, very badly. And I love those farmers, and we're going to take care of the farmers. There's no question about it. Their crops -- their crops and their livelihoods have been so badly affected. Swift action is needed to get the farmers access to loans and disaster recovery aid to help them quickly get back on their feet so they can help our nation prosper.

Donald Trump: I always support our great farmers and agricultural communities. And just go out, I know that the help is going to be there. And help will soon be on its way. There's no question about that. With the path to full and complete recovery, we will work very hard. It won't be -- it won't be easy because this one is so bad.

Donald Trump: But we know our -- in our hearts, God is with us, God is strongly with us and that the American people are stronger than any challenge that stands in our way. We have a lot of challenges in this country, more than we should have, frankly. But the American people are very strong and very smart. Working together, we'll overcome these hardships.

Donald Trump: We'll endure, we will rebuild Valdosta and every other town that has been so badly hit and will emerge stronger and more united and more prosperous than ever before. You're going to be stronger, better. You're going to learn a lot from it. And again, we pray to God for those that have been so badly injured and for -- in particular, for the people that are no longer with us.

Donald Trump: And God bless everybody. And, Franklin, I want to thank you very much for your being here so quickly, very, very quickly. Always very early. And, Franklin, maybe I could ask you to say a few words. Franklin Graham. Thank you.

Franklin Graham: Thank you, Mr. President. This -- this building behind us represents hundreds of thousands of people that have lost homes, businesses, friends, loved ones. And it's going to take an army of volunteers and people to respond. And, of course, at Samaritan's Purse, we want to respond always in Jesus name.

Franklin Graham: And we want people to know that God loves them that God cares for them. Sometimes, when a storm like this comes, people think, "Well, maybe God is mad at us. Maybe this is his judgment." No, God loves us. How do I know that? Because the Bible tells us that God loves us and cares for us. And, yes, there are storms in life, but God will take us through those storms if we put our faith and trust in His Son, Jesus Christ.

Franklin Graham: Thank you, Mr. President, for coming and helping to -- to put a spotlight on this city, this state, and this region that has lost so much. Thank you. And may God bless you, Mr. President.

Unidentified: [inaudible]

Donald Trump: Yes [inaudible]

Unidentified: Franklin, pray over our town.

Franklin Graham: Yes.

Unidentified: Would you, please?

Franklin Graham: Yeah, of course. I've been asked if I would lead in a prayer. Our Father and our God, we come today to say thank you for these men and women who are here as volunteers. Thank you for the president who has taken time to come and to see it for himself to shake hands, to encourage, and to smile in the faces of people that have been hurt and devastated by this storm.

Franklin Graham: Father, we ask for help. Father, we pray that as we come to this election that your will be done. And so, Father, we pray for the president, strengthen him, protect him. Father, we thank you. And it's in Jesus name we pray this prayer, amen.

Unidentified: Amen. Amen.

Franklin Graham: Thank you.

Donald Trump: [inaudible]

Unidentified: [inaudible] [inaudible]

Donald Trump: [inaudible]

Unidentified: [inaudible] Thank you [inaudible]

Donald Trump: Good job.

Unidentified: [inaudible]

Franklin Graham: [inaudible]

Unidentified: [inaudible]

Donald Trump: When I come back, I'll buy some of your furnitures --

Unidentified: Amen.

Franklin Graham: [inaudible]

Unidentified: [inaudible] [Audience chants "USA"] Reverend Graham.

Question: President Trump -- President Trump -- President Trump, do you have [inaudible] President Trump or Reverend Graham -- Pretty emotional song for President Trump [inaudible] President Trump, do you think the [inaudible] President Trump -- President Trump -- President Trump -- If they go on strike on the 4th, do you think that will affect us?

Donald Trump: It won't help it. [inaudible] great people and they're going to do what they do [inaudible] and if they're going to [inaudible]

Question: [inaudible] [inaudible]

Unidentified: [inaudible] [inaudible] Go for it, Stephanie.

Donald Trump: [inaudible]

Question: What was that emergency? Senator [inaudible] Where -- where is that -- where is that coming from? Do you have any evidence of that, Mr. President?

Unidentified: You got to vote Trump, people. Donald Trump. [inaudible] We love you, Donald Trump. We love you, Donald Trump. I ain't voting for the [inaudible] [inaudible] [inaudible] That's your business. Don't keep -- [inaudible] Great. I'm just excited to be here. What -- how about you? [inaudible] [inaudible] [inaudible] So, we don't have it? We just don't -- we don't have any of it? [inaudible] Don't do this.

Unidentified: [inaudible] [inaudible] Back, all the way back, like a lot back. Guys, you got to control your press. Let's go. Guys, [inaudible] You're OK? I don't [inaudible] Thank you. [inaudible] All right. [inaudible] Everybody, back, back, back. [inaudible] Go get them [inaudible] OK. [inaudible]