Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-taro-aso-japan-trump-tower-new-york-april-23-2024

Donald Trump: From Japan, many from Japan.

Taro Aso: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: Very popular man. You know that, right? Hey, it's great, great. You look well.

Taro Aso: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: We'll go up, have a little talk. Any questions or anything?

Question: What do you think about [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: Well, he's a highly respected man in Japan and beyond, and somebody that I've liked and I've known through our very dear friend, right, Shinzo? We love Shinzo.

Taro Aso: Yes.

Donald Trump: And -- who was a great man, by the way. He was a great, great man. But we got to know each other. We like each other. And we'll be talking about Japan and the United States right now and lots of other things also, but highly respected. It's a great honor to have him.

Question: What is your message to the --

Donald Trump: To the people of Japan? It's a great country. You're doing very well. Shinzo was a great friend of mine. He was a great -- he was truly a great man and somebody that we all respected and we really loved. And I miss him greatly. I miss him greatly. But we really admire the people of Japan. Thank you. Thank you, everybody.

Taro Aso: Thank you very much.

Question: [Inaudible] Mr. President?

Donald Trump: Say it.

Question: Any plans for tomorrow?

Donald Trump: What's tomorrow? You tell me. You tell me.

Question: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: Well, we have a lot of different things. But what's going on with the colleges and with their closing Columbia now? I mean, it's just crazy. Columbia should gain a little strength, a little courage, and keep their school open. It's crazy because that means the other side wins. When you start closing down colleges and universities, that means the other side -- in Japan, they don't know about that.

Donald Trump: They don't close. They keep it open. They make it work. And the people running Columbia have made a grave mistake. Thank you very much, everybody.

Taro Aso: Thank you.

Donald Trump: Thank you.