Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-campaign-event-tax-tips-las-vegas-august-23-2024

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. Wow. This is a nice place. [Audience member calls out "We love you, Trump."] And I'm just talking to Javier. You got thousands of people outside on the street. They want to get into your restaurant, Javier. We're going to have to expand it.

Javier Barajas: I know. I have to make a lot of tacos now.

Donald Trump: You're right. You're right. And thank you very much. I want to thank everybody for being here. We just had a very nice endorsement from RFK Jr., Bobby. [Applause] And I'll be talking about that. We're heading out. Right after this, we're going to be going to Arizona. We'll be talking about that and a lot of other things, too.

Donald Trump: But I just want to thank everybody, and I want to thank Bobby. That was very nice. That was really very nice. [Audience member calls out "We love you, Trump."] That's big. He's a great guy, respected by everybody. So, thank you all for this incredible welcome we're getting. And I'm going to tell Javier the next time we do this together, he's going to give me a little light up here.

Donald Trump: You know, can you give me a little light so you can read this little speech? But you know what it does? It makes you speak a little bit less, and that's OK, too. But I do want to thank you all, and I want to thank Javier. This is a fantastic restaurant, and the reputation is as good as it gets, as good as it gets.

Donald Trump: And I'm going to come here next time to eat. Is that OK? [Audience responds affirmatively]

Javier Barajas: Yeah.

Donald Trump: I will be doing that, too. We have with us Lieutenant Governor Stavros Anthony, wherever Stavros is. Thank you very much, Stavros. That's an honor. We'll see you soon, OK? Thank you. It's really an honor. Great guy, too. And Nevada GOP chairman, Michael McDonald. Michael. And he's very happy about the no tax on tips because he was the one -- he was the first one that presented -- after the young, beautiful waitress that suggested, I said, "What do you think of it, Michael?" He said, "I think it's a great idea." But we've come here today to talk about the biggest promise I think that the restaurant workers have had in a long time, and that's no tax on tips.

Donald Trump: And in our case, we mean it. Somebody that I know just copied it. She just copied it. But you know that's not going to happen. If you're a restaurant worker, a bartender, a hospitality worker, a caddie, a barber, a mover, a driver of any kind, or anyone else, you rely on a lot of tip income, hopefully a lot.

Donald Trump: But when I win in November -- hopefully, we're going to win. We're going to turn our country around. We're going to make America great again. [Applause] We are going to let you keep 100 percent of your tip income and not be harassed. And just so you understand, the other side, Kamala, have you ever heard of her, Kamala?

Donald Trump: [Audience responds "No"] Nobody ever heard of her before. She lost in the first round. She was the first one out in the -- it's a weird thing. He got 14 million votes and he's sitting on a beach angry as hell, and she got no votes and she's running. So, you explain that to me. But the United States is home to an estimated 5.5 million workers whose livelihoods depend on tip income, and they work with their hands and their talent, their sweat and their skill.

Donald Trump: And they are really skilled people, and they're great people. They're people that have been with me always, and I'm with them. I'm doing them a big favor. Nobody ever heard of this concept before and it's something that makes a lot of sense. As soon as I heard it, I said, "Let's do it." And then they copied us a couple of months later.

Donald Trump: But I don't think anybody's buying it. I don't think anybody's buying it. It's like last night, the speech, she made 26 different things that were lies. She lied. But that's OK because a lot of people lie. They'll do anything to get elected. But she lied about -- you know she's increasing taxes. I'm decreasing taxes, and she put it the other way around.

Donald Trump: Perhaps she misspoke, perhaps. Nearly two-thirds of the workers are women, and an estimated 700,000 single mothers nationwide rely on tip income to support their children. These are some of the best and hardest-working people in America. And when I'm president, you are the ones I will be fighting for, and I'll be fighting for you very hard every single day.

Donald Trump: [Audience member calls out "Thank you"] Kamala Harris is now pretending to endorse my policy. She's got a lot of other policies. [Audience member calls out "Copycat"] She's just -- she's a copycat. She's a -- she's a flip-flopper. You know what a flip -- she's the greatest flip-flopper in history. She went from -- she went from communism to capitalism in about two weeks.

Donald Trump: But in fact, Kamala cast the tie-breaking vote to hire 87,000 new IRS agents to go after your tip income. They're going after it in a lot of ways. [Audience boos] So, I don't know what they're doing now. This has happened with a lot of industries. When we come out with something, they immediately follow.

Donald Trump: But you know that after the election, if something horrible, horrible happened, which is always a possibility, especially the way they cheat, but if something horrible, horrible happened, you know that she'd go right back and you'd never see anything about no tax on tips. You know that. Under Kamala and crooked Joe Biden -- where is he? Where's Joe?

Donald Trump: What happened to Joe? He's on a beach someplace.

Donald Trump: He's angry. The IRS has imposed costly and burdensome new reporting requirements on restaurant and other employees. And these employers are great people. They're great people. They really work hard. Like Javier, they work very hard and they do an incredible job. And this is going to make their life a little bit easier because, frankly, for them, it's a lot better, too.

Donald Trump: When they have happy employees that are making a little more money and just do a better job, people like Javier are very happy. He was happy to hear about this. Every restaurant owner is happy to hear about this. But they're trying to squeeze every penny out of this tip income, the government is. Now, they're not going to be able to do that.

Donald Trump: We're going to get this done very fast, too, by the way. Kamala also -- she also sponsored legislation to blow up the tip system entirely, which would inflict financial calamity on food servers and bartenders in Las Vegas and all across America. You know, they have bills pending and things pending and resolutions pending and special orders pending where they're going after your tips.

Donald Trump: I don't know what they're going to do with that. Are they supposed to be dropping -- I assume they're going to be dropping all that stuff, at least until after the election. They'll bring it back after the election. Kamala supports a bill to eliminate the federal tip credit, which would force restaurants to impose large service charges on diners, meaning customers will not leave tips at all and you'll be stuck with a minimum wage or whatever you might be making.

Donald Trump: This is something that they're forcing. I will -- I will never let that happen. Under the Trump administration, you'll keep your tips and restaurant workers will keep all of your hard-earned money. I met this incredible young woman. She was standing behind the counter. I walked into her restaurant, whatever it may be. What was that restaurant?

Michaelah Montgomery: Chick-fil-A.

Donald Trump: Chick-fil-A, right?

Michaelah Montgomery: Yes.

Donald Trump: Very religious owner and a great guy, and it's good -- good stuff. And she saw me and she said, "President Trump," and she gave me the biggest hug. She said, "You saved my college," and -- and she loved that college, right?

Michaelah Montgomery: I do.

Donald Trump: And -- and you love me and I love you, too.

Michaelah Montgomery: And I do.

Donald Trump: I do, actually. [Audience member calls out "We love you, too, Trump."] I do, actually. But it was -- it was like instant chemistry, right? It was beautiful.

Michaelah Montgomery: Yes. Immediate. Well, I told them earlier, we're best friends.

Donald Trump: Yeah. They didn't know I was coming. You know, we do that surprise. I guess we do that for certain reasons like security and things. We don't want to broadcast it too much. But I walked in and we just -- she grabbed me and I grabbed her, but -- but I saved her college. That's the historically Black colleges and universities, and -- and she loved her college.

Donald Trump: She loved her college. She thought it was -- I said, "Do you really like it? Was it good?" What was -- go ahead, give it a little --

Michaelah Montgomery: I love the illustrious Clark Atlanta University.

Donald Trump: Do you see? And she really did. It was great to see that, as opposed to, oh, it was OK. She -- she thought it was great. So, I'll see you in a little while.

Michaelah Montgomery: You will.

Donald Trump: Thank you, honey. Thank you very much for being here. We'll all be joined today by Nicole Williams, the mother of -- a six-year-old member of the Culinary Union and a bartender. Will -- will -- can we get the Culinary Union to maybe vote for Trump because, you know, they're great people? They always have a head of, you know, like a Democrat, the head, even if the Republican is better.

Donald Trump: And a lot of the Republicans aren't better, but I'm a lot better. And I'm the one that got this thing done. And so, if we could speak to the head guy, let him be nice and easy, just relax. We're going to win. The state is looking very good. We just got a poll. We're leading by a lot. But we want to get the Culinary Union.

Donald Trump: How many members of the Culinary Union are here? Oh, you have a lot. I can tell you, you have a lot. But I think a lot of them -- we had a poll done, well, a lot of them are voting for us. I can tell you right now. But [Audience member calls out "Yeah"] but people that depend on tip income for her family.

Donald Trump: So, Nicole, if I could ask you to come up --

Michaelah Montgomery: She's behind you.

Donald Trump: And say a few words. Hi, Nicole.

Nicole Williams: Hi, Mr. Trump.

Donald Trump: Please. Thank you, darling. Thank you.

Nicole Williams: Thank you. [Audience member calls out "We love Nicole."] This is the honor of my life to be up here with my favorite president, and his no tax on tips policy is going to help my family. It's going to bring immediate relief to my pocketbook and my seven kids. And all of you here who have children and families to take care of, this is going to be a great thing for all of us. So, let's get out and vote for President Trump.

Nicole Williams: Let's win Nevada for President Trump. Let's get out there, register all your friends and family, tell everybody about this policy.

Donald Trump: Thank you, Nicole.

Nicole Williams: Thank you.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. Very nice. That's great. Thank you very much, Nicole. Thank you. I'll bet she does a great job, too. You -- I'll bet you do a great job. I have no -- do you have any doubt about it, Nicole? I don't think so, right? You -- you love it, right? You love doing it.

Nicole Williams: I love it.

Donald Trump: That's great. I can see it. Thank you very much. We're also -- have a little bit of a special announcement. Our host, Javier, began in the restaurant business as a dishwasher, worked his way up to being a chef. Now, he owns an entire family of Mexican restaurants in Las Vegas and the Las Vegas area. [Applause] How many -- how many restaurants you own?

Donald Trump: How many?

Javier Barajas: Five.

Donald Trump: Five. This guy's got a lot of cash. That's fantastic. That's a great story. We love the Hispanic people, and the Hispanic people love us. [Audience member calls out "We love you."] We just -- he was just saying -- he was just saying, he's -- he's not a big fan of what's happening on the other side. They'll destroy our country.

Donald Trump: We'll end up in a depression like in 1929 if they get in with what they're proposing. Last month, Joe Biden stopped at one of Javier's restaurants to tout his support in the Latino community. [Audience boos] And, you know, Joe walked in, it's like -- it's like not the most -- it wasn't too exciting when he walked in. Let me [Inaudible] He didn't know where the hell he was.

Donald Trump: What kind of a restaurant? Is this Italian? Is this a -- He says, "Is this a French restaurant? Looks like a French restaurant." [Audience member calls out "He thought it was an ice cream parlor."] No, we have to focus on her because he's gone, so -- so we'll focus on her. She's terrible. She's worse than he is. By the way, he's the worst president in the history of the United States.

Donald Trump: Jimmy Carter is very happy because he is considered to be a brilliant president by comparison. He's a very happy man. And she's considered to be the worst vice president in history. I don't know who the hell did that. If they do polls and they do studies, she's considered to be the worst vice president in history.

Donald Trump: Six weeks ago, they were laughing at her. She was a joke. And now, she got -- and now, she got the nomination. [Audience member calls out "California hates her."] She -- she didn't get any votes, but she got the nomination. Explain that one. But I understand that Javier has something he would like to say about that.

Donald Trump: And so, I'll ask Javier to come up and say a couple of words. Thank you. About the meeting you had with Joe.

Javier Barajas: Well, thank you for being here, President Donald Trump. Me and my family really appreciate it, you guys give us the opportunity to host this event, so important. And I was telling them earlier, before you got here, that I came when Ronald Reagan was the president. And you know what, I really miss those times.

Javier Barajas: So, I need you to please make America great again. [Applause]

Donald Trump: Thanks, Javier. Thank you. And we will. we will. You got a good -- you got a good sampler. [Audience chants "Let's bring Trump."] You want to --

Javier Barajas: My -- my daughter over there.

Donald Trump: Yes.

Javier Barajas: And she agrees with you 100 percent.

Donald Trump: Good.

Javier Barajas: My daughter over there, she --

Donald Trump: It's a beautiful daughter.

Javier Barajas: She -- she really thinks that you are cuter than Kamala.

Donald Trump: Oh. Oh, I see. She agrees on that. Well, that's a good thing to agree on. That's very nice. Thank you very much. I appreciate it. Great job you're doing. So, thank you to Javier, to everybody. Under my leadership, our Latino American community has prospered like, as you know, and as he knows, prospered like never before.

Unidentified: [Untranslated]

Donald Trump: Yeah. And, you know, we're winning. We won places. The governor of Texas called me. The last election, we won every border town along the border, and they're almost entirely Hispanic, and we won all of them. We won the votes first time, they said, since reconstruction. So, I said when you say reconstruction, you know, that's a little complicated word in a sense because it means a lot of things to a lot of people.

Donald Trump: But I said that means Civil War. Is that what you're referring to? "That's right. Since the Civil War, that's never happened." And we did it twice. We did it in '16, and we did even better in '20. We actually did much better in '20 than we did in '16, but lots of strange things happen in life, right? But we're doing better now than either of those two.

Donald Trump: There's more spirit. I mean, you look at outside, in the street, how many people are out there. And I only hope they stick around. And when I leave, and they -- they come into your restaurant, you'll never be able to serve them. But -- it's just too many people. But you're going to see. But Hispanic American household incomes hit an all-time high under the Trump administration.

Donald Trump: Hispanic American unemployment rate hit the lowest it's ever hit, lowest ever. Hispanic American poverty rate reached a record low, the lowest number ever. And by the way, it's now inched up very substantially. And yesterday, Javier, they -- they did something that was terrible. It was just found out. They reported that 818,000 jobs were here that weren't. They were fake.

Donald Trump: They reported fake jobs, and they were going to announce that after November 5th, the most important day in the history of our country, the election. They were going to report it after. But there was a whistleblower or somebody leaked it. There was a leaker, friendly leaker, a patriot leaker leaked it. And that's not a revision.

Donald Trump: You know that, usually, they call that a revision, like there's, you know, 10,000 jobs. This is 818 -- I think it was the biggest number certainly in memory, 818,000 fake jobs they reported. They don't exist, total fake jobs. And this is what we're dealing with. And that's -- that a big number. That's a big, big downward number, in other words, on their -- on their reporting.

Donald Trump: But they reported these jobs. And now, they've had to revise it and take them off the books. More than 1.5 million Hispanic Americans were lifted out of poverty during my administration, and the household wealth of the median Hispanic family grew by 65 percent. That's a lot, Javier, 65. It makes sense, right?

Donald Trump: It's -- now, it's heading south, by the way, just in case you -- but we'll get it back up fast. The Hispanic American high school graduation rate reached an all-time high, and homeownership among Hispanics also hit a record high. And for working families and small businesses like this one -- this is not a small business.

Donald Trump: This is a big business, but we'll call it a small business for tax purposes, OK? We delivered the largest tax cuts and regulation cuts in the history of our country. We achieved energy independence, and we built the greatest economy any time in the history of the world. It was the strongest economy anybody had ever seen.

Donald Trump: Under Kamala, it has been one disaster after another. Take a look at the border. You want to really see a disaster. I was there yesterday. What a disaster. After Kamala cast the tie-breaking votes on the bills that caused the worst inflation in decades, the Harris price hikes have cost the typical Nevada family -- and you take a look.

Donald Trump: So, the Nevada family spent $32,000 more under this horrible regime of people that don't know what the hell they're doing. Now, Kamala is promising communist price controls on food. Her plan will cause catastrophic inflation, shortages of rationing, the restaurant industry will be obliterated. And I say welcome to 1929. Do you know what 1929 was?

Donald Trump: You don't want to know, right? You don't want to know, but that's where they're headed if they do what they're planning. Kamala is also pledging the largest tax hikes in American history, and Las Vegas hospitality industry would actually never recover from that. It's the largest tax hikes in history. And, you know, you heard her words last night.

Donald Trump: She doesn't talk about that. Do you notice they talked -- I guess she mentioned the Trump name many, many times, like 19 or 21 or something. She didn't mention the border. She didn't mention inflation. She didn't mention the bad economy. She didn't mention crime. She didn't mention any of the things that she's supposed to be mentioning.

Donald Trump: But she mentioned Trump 21 times or some crazy thing. And she mentioned thank you about 50 times. Did you see the beginning? Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. [Inaudible] Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank -- thank -- thank -- thank -- thank -- I said what the hell is wrong with her.

Donald Trump: But then she recovered, she did much better. But -- but she didn't tell anything. She didn't say anything. She talked about her family, how beautiful San Francisco was. I just put out a note, I said, well, the word was is very important because what the hell happened? Under her, as district attorney, she destroyed San Francisco.

Donald Trump: And then as the attorney general, she ruined the state of California with her stupid policies. But she was showing her beautiful life in San Francisco, and everybody was joking, that was before she destroyed it. She's supported the idea of a 70 to 80 percent tax hike. I don't think the man behind me will be happy.

Donald Trump: You wouldn't mind paying 80 percent in taxes, would you? What the hell? He says whatever is good for America, right? Eighty percent tax rate. And now, she's even pushing a tax on unrealized capital gains. [Audience boos] In other words, the appraisers are going to make a lot of money, which will soon be applied to small business owners, and you will be forced to sell your restaurant immediately.

Donald Trump: And the new owner won't do the job, and this restaurant will be closed. But we're not going to let that happen, Javier. We're going to make it bigger, better, stronger, just like the country. So, this is really beyond socialist because she is, she's a socialist, but she's really a Marxist. A Marxist is a step beyond.

Donald Trump: Remember I used -- said at the State of the Union, "We will not have socialism in America. We will never be a socialist country." I was right. We skipped over socialism, we're down to communism, OK? I was right about it, though. I like to be right. [Audience member calls out "You're always right, Trump."] This is -- thank you.

Donald Trump: I like -- I like that woman. Where are you? I like that. She said you're always right. But this is beyond socialism. This is the beginning of communism, and it really is, and we can't let that happen. You look at Venezuela, you look at some of these countries that we all know so well, and what happened to them can happen to us, it's just a bigger version.

Donald Trump: That's where we're headed if this group gets elected. But we'll not let Kamala and the group turn America into a communist nation. We're not going to let it happen. We can't let it happen. I'll cut taxes. And what we're doing is we're cutting taxes, regulations. We're going to defeat inflation rapidly, bring prices down, and make America affordable again.

Donald Trump: It's not affordable. People can't buy -- as Javier said before, they can't buy sneakers, they can't buy anything. To help seniors, we will have no tax on Social Security benefits. That's a big deal. I don't know. I'm trying to figure for restaurant workers, it's -- and all workers, tip workers, it's no tax on tips.

Donald Trump: But the Social Security, no tax, because they've driven them out of business. These people have suffered, and they've done -- they've done things the right way. They've saved and saved, and then the inflation destroyed them. And we're going to have no tax on Social Security benefits, and that's a big thing and it's very important.

Donald Trump: Just as important is what I said before about the no tax on tips. Kamala wants to bring sky-high California energy prices to the rest of the country, and they have just destroyed -- destroyed California. First time ever, more people left California than came in. They've never had that before because they have the best weather, the most beautiful land.

Donald Trump: Everything is so good. But they have a terrible governor who doesn't know what the hell he's doing, but he's got a great line of bullshit. You know, he's got a good line of stuff. "We're doing great in California." You know -- you know the U-Haulets [ph] and the trailers and stuff, they go to Texas, Florida, other states, right?

Donald Trump: And they don't know what to do. They only go one way. They want to try and -- they want to try and get them -- they want to try and get them back. They have a hard time bringing them back. They don't know what to do. But under the extremist net-zero energy policies, the -- what you call them, the extremists, they're radical people.

Donald Trump: They're really hurting our country and ultimately destroying our country. The environmental extremists we call them. Nevada electricity prices have already increased by 50 percent. So, it's 50 percent. Do you see them going up there? I mean, you're -- [Audience responds affirmatively] Well, you see that.

Donald Trump: [Audience member calls out "Yes"] They've gone up by 50 percent over a very short period of time. And I'll unleash American energy, and we'll cut your -- your prices in half. We'll get your -- we'll be able to get your energy prices cut in half. And that goes for the whole nation. That's ridiculous that they've increased that much, and you see that.

Donald Trump: Wow, that's terrible. I'll deliver universal school choice, letting your child go to the public, private, religious, charter school of your choice, the family's choice. And there's something -- school choice is a big deal. It's a big deal. Everybody wants school choice. And I'll support our police and stop the crime wave that was caused by this woman.

Donald Trump: What she's done on the border -- you know, she was the border czar. She doesn't want to talk about it. She said, "I'm not the border czar." For four years, she's the border czar. Now, she's not the border czar all of a sudden. You know why? Because people are coming in at levels that nobody's ever seen before.

Donald Trump: They're coming in by the millions, and they're coming from jails and prisons. They're slightly different, meaning they're coming from mental institutions and insane asylums. They're emptying out so many of their cities of criminals, and they're bussing them into the good old USA. They're bussing the worst gang members, the worst drug dealers, terrorists, and they're bringing them in and dropping them here.

Donald Trump: And they're saying, "If you come back, we're going to kill you. We're going to kill you if you come back, or we'll give you the death penalty, but we're going to kill you if you come back." So, they're dropping their criminals here. They're emptying their jails and dumping everybody. And these are tough people, too.

Donald Trump: And they're dumping them into our country. And you take a look at the prison populations all over the world. We're not just talking about South America, all over the world, the Congo and Africa. Many people are coming out of the Congo, and they're coming from jails in the Congo. So, their jails are being emptied, the mental institutions are being emptied, and they're all coming to the USA.

Donald Trump: They'll be customers very shortly of Javier's fine restaurant.

Donald Trump: What's happening is horrible. It's horrible. And they're destroying our country. And we're going to do the largest deportation in the history of America. We have no choice. We have no choice. And you see the death -- you see the death and destruction they're causing. I was at the border yesterday with some people whose families were just obliterated by these horrible, horrible people that have been allowed -- allowed to come in. And remember, terrorists are coming in at levels we've never seen before.

Donald Trump: Only bad things can happen. So, I'll secure the border and keep radical Islamic terrorists out of our country. And we will do something that's very important. We'll -- I will prevent World War III. You have -- World War III is on the cusp. You take a look at what's happening. Biden doesn't have a clue, what he did with Russia and Ukraine.

Donald Trump: What that happened, that -- that's a war that should have never started. If I were president, zero chance that that would have happened. It would have never -- and it didn't for four years. Same thing with Israel. October 7th would have never happened. And you know what else? You wouldn't have had that horror show, the most embarrassing day in our history, Afghanistan.

Donald Trump: And very importantly, you wouldn't have had inflation because inflation was caused by energy. Now, it's caused by everything. And the prices are so high that people are being driven out of business, including a lot of Hispanic people, a lot of Black people. What's happening with the Black population is they're losing their jobs to the people that are pouring across the border.

Donald Trump: The Black population is being decimated. You wait till you see the real numbers that come. They're losing their jobs because Biden and Harris are allowing millions of people to come into our country and they're taking Black people's jobs, African American jobs. They're taking those jobs. And a lot of those jobs are Hispanic jobs, too.

Donald Trump: And the next thing that's going to be hit, I can tell you, you can tell your union leaders, the unions are going to be hit really, really hard. So, I just want to end by saying that November 5th is a very important day. I believe it will go down as the most important day in the history of our country. That means you have to vote.

Donald Trump: It's going to be a big vote. If we win this state, if we win Nevada, we're going to win something that's going to be very, very special. We're going to -- we're going to win the whole thing. If you win -- if we win Nevada, we're going to win the whole thing. And I don't know how the hell we can lose it. I've never seen such support, the support we have.

Donald Trump: So, to Javier and his family [Audience chants "We will win."] That's nice. Thank you. Thank you very much. I like that group over there. You know, they're a little -- they're a little bit -- they're a little bit frisky, but I like you very much. So, I just want to thank everybody here. It's -- you're incredible people.

Donald Trump: I'm behind you 100 percent. November 5th, you'll go -- you're going to vote a little earlier than that. But whatever you -- you got to vote. Make sure your vote is secure because remember, they cheat like hell. Make sure -- and again, we win this state, we win the whole thing, and we're going to turn our country around.

Donald Trump: So, thank you very much. Thanks very much, Javier. [Audience chants "Trump"] Thank you, everybody.

Javier Barajas: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: Yeah. [Inaudible]

Javier Barajas: [Inaudible]