Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-mike-johnson-speaker-palm-beach-florida-april-12-2024

Donald Trump: Well, thank you very much. It's an honor to have you at Mar-a-Lago, my $18 million house on the ocean and the bay. And it's one of the problems we have. We have a court system that's very corrupt. We have a border that's open. We have a lot of problems in our country, and we have an election problem. And that's really what we're here to talk about today.

Donald Trump: Speaker Johnson is going to be briefing you on what we discussed, what we agree on. But I would like to demand that our border be closed because we have millions of people coming into our country. Millions and millions of people are pouring in at levels that nobody is reporting, nobody's going to talk about.

Donald Trump: But I believe you could have 15 million already in. Some are terrorists. They come from jails and prisons. They come from mental institutions and insane asylums. They come from all over the world, not just South America. They're coming from all over the world. Venezuela announced that their crime is down 67% because of the fact that they've taken the gang members, the leaders, and the members.

Donald Trump: And they've deposited them very nicely into the United States of America. That's just Venezuela. It's happening with the Congo. It's happening with countries all over, Africa, Asia, South America. All over the world, it's happening. Our country is like a dumping ground, and we're going to have it stopped.

Donald Trump: And Biden should do it immediately. He should close the border immediately. He needs no legislation. He doesn't need this gentleman -- he doesn't need anybody. He can do it -- I did it without any legislation. I had the best border we've had in every recorded history. He can close it immediately. If he would have left -- we had stay in Mexico -- Remain in Mexico.

Donald Trump: We had catch and release in Mexico, not here. We had everything. It was perfect. It was a great. A great situation we had. And now, we have the worst ever. I don't believe in the history of the world, there's been a border like this. But we probably have 15 million people, and they come from places that you don't want to know about, and they're going to be big problems.

Donald Trump: And it's getting worse. It's migrant crime. It's a new category of crime, migrant crime. And I'm just demanding -- I just demand -- as a citizen, I demand the border has to be closed. Our country cannot take it. No country could take it. It's not sustainable by any country. And we want to also mention election interference.

Donald Trump: And we want to talk about election integrity for a little while. But basically, that's what we're working on. And I'll introduce the speaker who you know very well. He's doing a really good job under very tough circumstances. And I appreciate he came to Mar-a-Lago. We have a great conference, and there's a big turnout because people want this to be healed.

Donald Trump: They want our country to be healed. They want our country to be united. And I think most people are united on the fact that they don't want people pouring in from prisons and jails and mental institutions. They don't want that to happen. They don't want it to take place, and it's not going to happen for long.

Donald Trump: And that's why I say that November 5th is going to be the most important day in the history of our country. That's the election. It's going to be the most important day in the history of our country. Thank you very much. And, Speaker, thank you.

Mike Johnson: Thank you so much, Mr. President, and it's good to see you all. We're so delighted to be here with our former and future president in this beautiful facility. Mar-a-Lago is famous around the country, and we're grateful to be here. With President Trump as our nominee in the party, we are very much looking forward to that historic day in November.

Mike Johnson: Because we are going to grow the House majority, we're going to win the United States Senate, and we're going to win back the White House as well. The American people need us to do that. They're excited for that day in November, cannot get here soon enough. The speaker of the House, when we're not in session, the speaker is required to go around, fly around the country, and be with all of our candidates and incumbents all around.

Mike Johnson: I've been to 23 states now in the last several weeks. And everywhere we go, one of the first questions that people ask about is this issue of election integrity. The border is the No. 1 issue in America. There's never been a political issue that scored so high in the polls as a matter of concern. And it doesn't matter where anyone lives because, as we say now, every state is a border state.

Mike Johnson: They're deeply concerned about that. And election integrity is tied to border, the lack of border security. President Biden has created a catastrophe, and he did it by design. We documented 64 specific executive actions that he took from the day he walked into the Oval Office and that his agencies took under Secretary Mayorkas to open the border wide, to invite everybody from around the world to come here, including hardened criminals and dangerous persons.

Mike Johnson: And the result, we all know. The official number is 9 million encounters at the southern border alone, just since Joe Biden took office. But the actual number is probably close to 16 million illegals who have come into the country because they desired it. They designed it. They engineered it to be that way.

Mike Johnson: His actions did that. He ended the Remain in Mexico policy under President Trump's administration. They reinstated catch and release that had been practiced under the Obama administration. They stopped building the wall. They did everything exactly the opposite of what this president had achieved. And that's why we have this catastrophe.

Mike Johnson: It has all sorts of terrible effects on the American people. We know that fentanyl is a leading cause of death for Americans age 18 to 49. We know that violent crimes are being committed on innocent Americans. Now, Laken Riley and many others who are now losing their lives because these dangerous people are in our country, and it must stop.

Mike Johnson: And the American people are demanding that it does. And it doesn't matter which political party that any American is in. They have the same desire. They want safety and security, and we can supply that. But among the problems that flows from this open-border catastrophe is directly related to this threat to our election integrity.

Mike Johnson: Why is that? You need to understand something really important about federal law. Since 1993, the National Voter Registration Act, we call it the motor voter law, allows people to sign up to vote when they get a driver's license. If an individual only asserts or simply states that they are a citizen, they don't have to prove it. They can register that person to vote in a federal election.

Mike Johnson: And you see states are currently prohibited. Believe it or not, the states are prohibited from asking someone to prove that they're a citizen. The federal voter registration form just has a check a box. And if you do that, you're good. The states can allow it. We think that's a serious problem. And so, what we're going to do is the House Republicans are introducing a bill that will require proof of citizenship to vote.

Mike Johnson: It seems like common sense. I'm sure all of us would agree we only want U.S. citizens to vote in U.S. elections. But there are some Democrats who don't want to do that. We believe that one of their designs, one of the reasons for this open border, which everybody asks all around the country, why would they do this?

Mike Johnson: Why would they allow all this chaos? Why the violence? Because they want to turn these people into voters. Right now, the administration is encouraging illegals to go to their local welfare office to sign up for benefits. Well, guess what? When you go to a welfare office, they also ask you if you would like to register to vote.

Mike Johnson: And so, many people we think are going to do that. And you know what? The numbers are so high. There's so many millions of illegals in the country that if only one out of 100 voted, they would cast potentially hundreds of thousands of votes in the election. That could turn an election. This could be a tight election in our congressional races around the country.

Mike Johnson: It could, if there are enough votes, affect the presidential election. And so, that's why House Republicans are going to act. I'm going to announce to you today, here, standing alongside President Trump, that we will do everything within our power to ensure that we do have free and fair elections in this country.

Mike Johnson: If we don't have that in a constitutional republic, we have nothing. It's the basis of who we are as a nation, and we owe that to the American people. And so, what we're going to do is introduce legislation to require that every single person who registers to vote in a federal election must prove that they're an American citizen first.

Mike Johnson: You have to prove it. That will be a new part of the federal law and a very important one. Our bill will establish new safeguards. It will put us on par. By the way, with virtually every other democracy around the world, that also prohibits noncitizen voting. And this is a critical thing for us to do at a very critical time.

Mike Johnson: Our bill also will require states to remove noncitizens from their existing voter rolls. That's a big problem, too. And it will provide access to databases from the Department of Homeland Security and the Social Security Administration to help the states administer this. As the entity that is responsible for regulating federal elections, Congress has this responsibility.

Mike Johnson: We cannot wait for widespread fraud to occur, especially when the threat of fraud is growing with every single illegal immigrant that crosses that border. This is something most Americans are deeply concerned about. The latest poll says 78% of the Americans who are polled say that preventing illegal immigrants from voting in our elections is a top priority.

Mike Johnson: In every place I've gone around the country, whether it's out West, Midwest, Long Island, Deep South, it doesn't matter. Everybody is concerned about this. We have a job to do. Here's what you need to look for, and I'll turn it back to the president. When we put this bill on the floor, you're going to see a record vote by Republicans and Democrats.

Mike Johnson: You'll see that the Republicans stand for election integrity. And then, we'll be able to ask this very important question. And the Democrats, they're going to have to go on record. Do you believe that Americans and Americans alone should be the ones who vote in American elections? We're about to find out their answer.

Mike Johnson: And I think that will be a very interesting one for everybody to see. Mr. President, thank you again for hosting us today. I'll turn it back to you.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.

Mike Johnson: Yes, sir. Thank you. Yes, sir.

Donald Trump: Thank you. Thank you. Do you have any questions?

Question: [Inaudible]

Question: Do you support Marjorie Taylor Greene's motion to vacate? Or do you stand behind Speaker Johnson?

Donald Trump: We're getting along very well with the speaker, and I get along very well with Marjorie. We have a speaker. He was voted in, and it was a complicated process, and I think very -- it's not an easy situation for any speaker. I think he's doing a very good job. He's doing about as good as you're going to do. And I'm sure that Marjorie understands that she's a very good friend of mine, and I know she has a lot of respect for the speaker.

Question: And would you support a Ukrainian aid bill if the speaker was to move forward with it?

Donald Trump: We're looking at it right now, and they're talking about it, and we're thinking about making it in the form of a loan instead of just a gift. We keep handing out gifts of billions and billions of dollars, and we'll take a look at it. But much more importantly to me is the fact that Europe has to step up, and they have to give money.

Donald Trump: We -- they have to equalize. If they don't equalize, I'm very upset about it because they're affected much more than we are. The Ukrainian situation would have never happened if I was president. Would have never, ever happened. And everybody says that, including Democrats, that it happened is such an outrage.

Donald Trump: People -- millions of people are dead right now. Both sides, millions of people are dead. Cities are blown to ashes. You'll never rebuild those cities. It's certainly not like they were, so beautiful. And this is something that should have never happened. October 7th should have never happened in Israel.

Donald Trump: Should have never happened. What happened there was outrageous. Iran was broke when I was president. People weren't buying oil from Iran. They weren't allowed to. If they were going to buy oil from Iran, then they weren't going to do any business in the U.S. And I said it to China. I said it to everybody.

Donald Trump: They weren't doing business. They were broke. They didn't have money for Hamas. They didn't have money for Hezbollah. It would have never happened. October 7th would have never happened. It did happen. And now, it's a disaster. And it's only getting worse. So, it's very sad. No, I stand with the speaker.

Donald Trump: We've had a very good relationship.

Question: Mr. President --

Question: Mr. President --

Question: Mr. President, while you were in office, she said that you would sign a federal abortion ban, and Congress sent it to your desk. Why should Americans trust your word that you would not do it now if you were reelected?

Donald Trump: Because we don't need it any longer because we broke Roe v. Wade. And we did something that nobody thought was possible, we gave it back to the states. And the states are working very brilliantly, in some cases conservative, in some cases not conservative, but they're working -- and it's working the way it's supposed to. Every legal scholar, real legal scholar, wanted to have it go back to the states, Democrat, Republican, liberal, conservative, and we were able to do that.

Donald Trump: You know, what we did was give it back to the states. And now, the states are working their way through it. And you're going -- you're having some very, very beautiful harmony, to be honest with you. You have -- well, you have some cases like Arizona that went back to like 1864 or something like that, and a judge made a ruling.

Donald Trump: But that's going to be changed by government. They're going to be changing that. I disagree with that.

Question: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: Excuse me, please.

Question: A follow-up. Over the last few decades, Mr. President, you have both considered yourself pro-choice and pro-life. Which one is it?

Donald Trump: Well, you know exactly which one it is. And when I was in New York and when I was a Democrat also, just like Ronald Reagan -- you know, Ronald Reagan was a Democrat. We sort of followed a very similar path. But if you look at what we've done with Roe v. Wade, we did something that everyone said couldn't be done, and we got it done.

Donald Trump: And I give great credit to the Supreme Court and the justices for having the courage to do it. What they did is very simply give it back to the state. And I'll tell you, the Democrats are the radicals on this because they're willing to have abortions in the seventh, eighth, ninth month. They're even willing -- and you can call it what you want.

Donald Trump: But you go back to the governor of Virginia, the previous governor of Virginia, the Democrat governor of Virginia, where he talked about execution of a baby after birth. And you can say what you want, but that's extreme and that's radical, and nobody should have that. And it has to be ended. Please go ahead.

Question: Mr. President --

Donald Trump: Go ahead, please.

Question: Thank you, sir. Mr. President, do you think the motion-to-vacate rule should be finally changed? Or do you think that it's just creating chaos right now?

Donald Trump: Well, it's unfortunate that people bring it up because, right now, we have much bigger problems. The country is a -- we're a nation in decline. We're a declining nation. We have tremendous inflation. The inflation is coming back at levels that nobody thought they really would have. If you look at the categories of inflation, they have the worst categories.

Donald Trump: Many categories are not included. And if you included that, your inflation number would be substantially higher than it is now. And it's already at records. So, inflation is back. And a lot of bad things are happening in our country. But that's the least of it. You've got Russia could end up in -- you could end up in a world war between Russia, Ukraine, and all of the chaos.

Donald Trump: And that's something should have never happened. It would have never happened. What's going on with Israel, October 7th, and what's going on with Israel could end up in a world war. We have a president that can't put two sentences together. We have a president that can't find the stairs off a stage. We have a president that doesn't know what the hell he's doing, and we could end up in a world war.

Donald Trump: You know, we have just a little bit less than seven months now -- months before November 5th. But that's an eternity when people are incompetent.

Question: Mr. President --

Donald Trump: Go ahead, please.

Question: Do you support the House's FISA bill that was passed this morning?

Donald Trump: Which one?

Question: The FISA bill. And did you talk to any --

Donald Trump: Well, I'm not a big fan of FISA. I looked at it and I studied it, and I know it probably better than anybody. You know, they spied on my campaign. You do know that, right? And they did lots of other bad things. I'm not a big fan of FISA. But I told everybody, I said, "Do what you want." They put a lot of checks and balances on it. And I guess it's down to two years now so that it would come due in the early part of my administration on the basis that we live up to the polls because all the polls -- we just had another one come out.

Donald Trump: We're leading by a lot. But it comes out quickly. I said, "You do what you want." But I'm not a big fan of FISA. I think it's terrible. Yeah, Bob.

Question: Mr. President. Mr. President. Are you trying to testify -- are you trying to testify your trial in New York.

Donald Trump: Yeah, I would testify. Absolutely. It's a scam. It's a scam. That's not a trial. That's not a trial. That's a scam. If you read Jonathan Turley, if you read Andy McCarthy, if you read the legal -- they said there's not even a case there. That's election interference by the Biden administration. They actually took their top guy, one of their top guys, put him into the DA's office to run it, and it's a shame.

Donald Trump: What they have done is incredible. It's election interference, and it's got to stop. It's a third-world country. This country has never done it. But you read Jonathan Turley, you read Andrew McCarthy, you read the legal scholars. Every single one of them said that whole thing is a scam. It's not even a crime.

Donald Trump: And what they're doing is a crime. They are criminals. All right, Bob?

Question: Just a follow-up on that. Why do you believe it is important for you to testify, take the stand in this upcoming trial? And what are you watching as jury selection begins in New York?

Donald Trump: Yeah. Well. You know, jury selection is largely luck. It depends who you get. It's very unfair that I'm having a trial there. It's very unfair that we have this judge who hates Trump and has tremendous conflict, as you know, tremendous conflict. Nobody can believe that this judge isn't recusing himself. The conflict is at a level that nobody's ever seen before.

Donald Trump: So, I have that, and I have venue. We have all these things that we've asked for. They don't give us anything. It's a witch hunt that takes place in New York and that is taking place. And it's very bad for New York, and it's very bad -- and it's very bad for the judicial system in New York.

Question: Is it risky for you to testify? Is it risky for you to testify?

Donald Trump: I'm testifying. I tell the truth. I mean, all I can do is tell the truth. And the truth is that there's no case. They have no case. And again, you have to read the scholars, read all of the legal scholars. I haven't seen one legal scholar that said this is a case. And in fact, even you people said, "Oh, gee, it's too bad this is the first one." All of them are scams.

Donald Trump: They're all about election interference. We have a -- we have a president that doesn't know where he is. He can't speak. The whole world is collapsing. The world is on fire. They have no respect for our country anymore. And the only way he thinks he can win is by doing this, you know, trials of Trump. We have Fani in Atlanta who's been so discredited now.

Donald Trump: That was a setup with her boyfriend so they could take trips and take a lot of money out, and that's something that should be dismissed. Not just the prosecutor dismissed, the case should be dismissed. Every single one of them said, "Look at what happened with Biden. He gets off scot free." With 50 years of documents and classified information, he gets off scot free.

Donald Trump: And I'm still fighting that trial. The whole thing is a disgrace, and it's a disgrace to our nation.

Question: Mr. President --

Question: Iran's was on the verge of attacking Israel, according to both U.S. and Israeli intelligence reports.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Question: Have you spoken with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu?

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Question: How should the United States respond? And the same question for you, Mr. Speaker.

Donald Trump: I don't want to say who I spoke to. But for the president of our country to actually put out a warning that he thinks that we're going to be attacked or they're going to be attacked, it's pretty pathetic. They wouldn't be attacking Israel if I were president, that, I can tell you. And they never did. They wouldn't be attacking.

Donald Trump: Iran was in no position to attack. They had no money. They were broke. But now they have $221 billion, and they have Iraq, who has $300 billion. And Iraq has become a subsidiary of Iran. With all that we've done, with all of the fighting, all of the death, look at what happened, how incompetent the whole thing is. But I don't want to say who I spoke to, but I think it's a very, very dangerous period.

Donald Trump: This is a very dangerous period of time in our nation. And a big reason that it's dangerous is that we have a president that's grossly incompetent. Thank you all very much. Thank you.