Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-las-vegas-police-protective-association-september-14-2024

Unidentified: Good morning, sir.

Donald Trump: How are you?

Steven Grammas: Good morning, sir. Mr. President, nice to see you again, sir.

Donald Trump: Come on, let's get a good one.

Steven Grammas: Yeah, let's get them.

Donald Trump: It's big stuff over there. Thank you very much.

Steven Grammas: [inaudible]

Donald Trump: Oh, yeah, right.

Steven Grammas: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Yeah?

Steven Grammas: Yeah. Yeah. We have roomful of [inaudible]

Donald Trump: It's good [inaudible] talk, right?

Steven Grammas: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Good.

Steven Grammas: They're looking forward to that.

Donald Trump: You guys OK?

Unidentified: Yes, sir. Thank you so much.

Donald Trump: OK.

Steven Grammas: [inaudible]

Donald Trump: I like that guy.

Steven Grammas: [inaudible]

Donald Trump: Yeah. I don't even [inaudible]

Steven Grammas: Exactly.

Donald Trump: [inaudible]

Steven Grammas: Very rangy. Long arms.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Steven Grammas: Yeah.

Donald Trump: It's hard to get to him.

Steven Grammas: Yeah.

Donald Trump: He's really [inaudible]

Steven Grammas: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Are there any others [inaudible]

Steven Grammas: [inaudible]

Unidentified: [inaudible] [inaudible] right here. Stay right here. Let's go. [inaudible] Thanks. [inaudible] [inaudible] [inaudible] going to be funny. No, no, no. Yeah. Step back. Yeah. [inaudible] Yeah. We can actually go behind the stage. Here, guys. [inaudible] Go ahead. Go. We have chairs for you to stand on the back here if you want.

Unidentified: There's one on the corner there. [inaudible] Excuse us. Go ahead. Go, go, go. [inaudible] [inaudible] Yeah. Stand on the chair [inaudible] Mr. President.

Donald Trump: What a nice-looking group. She's the best one of all -- by looking at any of you people. Hi, everybody.

Unidentified: Sir. [inaudible]

Donald Trump: Nice to see you. Thank you. Hi, Michael.

Unidentified: How are you doing, sir?

Donald Trump: Is he doing a good job? You're going to bring it home, Michael?

Unidentified: We got to.

Donald Trump: We got to bring it home.

Unidentified: This is David Roger. It's an honor to meet you.

Donald Trump: Nice to see you.

Unidentified: Nice to see you, too.

David Roger: Mr. President, David Roger.

Donald Trump: Nice to see you, David.

David Roger: Thank you. Thank you.

Donald Trump: Great honor.

David Roger: Thank you.

Donald Trump: I want to thank you, everybody. Really nice. I guess I'll go over here, right? Do we have the fake news with us? Is the fake news here?

Unidentified: Yeah. No fake news, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: How you doing, everybody?

Unidentified: Hi, President Trump. It's an honor, sir. Thank you for coming. Thank you, sir. Thank you.

Donald Trump: Thank you for the endorsement.

Unidentified: Thank you. Thank you.

Donald Trump: I think we have the endorsement of every major police group in the country. I don't think they have one. That's because they're bad. You like crime, I guess, it's -- that would be the only group that would endorse -- the criminals are endorsing them. Actually, did you notice that Putin endorsed her?

Unidentified: Yes.

Donald Trump: I don't know what that means exactly, but I don't think I'm not sure that she was thrilled. It's the only endorsement she has is Putin. Anyway, where would you like me to stand? You want me to stay here? You want me to stay here?

Unidentified: Sir, the -- yes, this is it right here.

Donald Trump: OK, good. Well, I just want to thank everybody very much. This is an honor. You're great people, you do an incredible job. My friend here for a long time, right?

Unidentified: Yes, sir.

Donald Trump: For a long time.

Unidentified: Yes, sir.

Donald Trump: And I want to -- I really appreciate the endorsement. It means a lot. We have tremendous law enforcement endorsements. We have military endorsements, we have a lot of them. But I just really appreciate it. It's very, very special. I'm going to Utah now. We were -- we had a rally last night. It was fantastic.

Donald Trump: And we could have sold that place out numerous times. And the enthusiasm, you know, we -- we won in 2016. We did actually much better in 2020. And people say, "Oh, you shouldn't say that." I said, "Well, I'll tell you, we did a lot better." Millions more votes. But it's not been like this one. This one is the hottest of all, and that's because we have something to judge it by.

Donald Trump: Because nobody can believe how bad they've done at the border, running our country, the economy, inflation, Afghanistan, everything. I mean, they haven't done anything right. The thing they're best at is cheating on elections, so we have to be very careful. That's about the only thing -- that's about the only thing they do good at.

Donald Trump: So, I just want to thank you. It's an honor to be here. And I'm with you guys all the way, all the way. Yeah, and we have no doubt about that. You know, we got all of that excess military equipment that they wouldn't give you, do you remember, for a long time?

Steven Grammas: Absolutely.

Donald Trump: Billions and billions of dollars, and you guys got plenty of it. But we got it out. It was just taking up -- it was getting dusty, old, and it was costing a lot of money in storage houses. And we gave it out, billions of dollars, we gave it out. And people appreciated it, but we're with you. I just want to -- just say that -- because to me, when this is -- this is really disqualifying.

Donald Trump: She is one of the original founders of a group called defund the police. I'm sure you have never heard of that group. But anybody -- and I said last night at the rally because, you know, we can go through different things, and she's a member of this one, that one. But anybody that's a member of defund the police, especially a founding member, and even if you're in that group for one day, you can't be president of the United States, all right? And she is one of the -- she's one of the founders and stars of defund the police, and that's why they have no -- no -- no support whatsoever.

Donald Trump: But you can't do that even for a day. So, thank you all very much. Really appreciate it. Thank you.

Unidentified: Thank you, sir. [Applause]

Donald Trump: Now, I'll get the hell out of here, and I'm going to Utah and --

Unidentified: We did.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Question: Did JD Vance debate Tim Walz?

Donald Trump: Yeah, sure. I think it would be good. JD is doing a great job, don't you think?

Unidentified: Yeah. Yeah.

Donald Trump: He'll -- he'll do very well. JD is going to debate, yeah.

Question: Do you denounce the bomb threats in Springfield, Ohio?

Donald Trump: I don't know what happened with the bomb threats. I know that it's been taken over by illegal migrants, and that's a terrible thing that happens. Springfield was this beautiful town. And now, they're going through hell. It's a sad thing. Not going to happen with me, I can tell you right now. Thank you very much, everybody.

Unidentified: Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much.

Question: [inaudible] can we expect to see Melania on the rally soon?

Unidentified: President Trump --

Question: Thank you.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.