Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-campaign-staffers-west-palm-beach-florida-november-5-2024

Donald Trump: Whoa. Hello, everybody. Thank you very much. Well, we just came over to -- it's too early to congratulate, but we are hearing it's record kind of numbers. Karoline, do you want to just tell them what you told me a little while ago?

Karoline Leavitt: Sure. Yeah. Enthusiasm is very high. We're seeing our voters are turning out, especially in rural areas across the country, and we see Democrat areas are not turning out as great as our people. So, your people are ready, and they're turning out for you, sir.

Donald Trump: And we had a big lead to start off with. Now, I hear it's really amazing. I get a call from the people in Texas, Dan Patrick and others. They say that they've never actually seen anything like it. So, it should be good. It should be good. I want to just thank everybody regardless. We just wanted to come over and pay our respects.

Donald Trump: Our No. 1 best-selling author. Can you believe it? [Applause] So, we have a big day. We'll be watching, and it'll be very interesting. I hope they come up with a result tonight. You know, they say areas that we're winning big, they might not be able to come up with it for two days. It's just a crazy thing.

Donald Trump: And I'm really saying this more for the press than for you. They should do paper ballots, same-day voting, voter ID, and be done one day, same day. And you'd have -- by 10:00, everybody would be -- and you know, you're talking about for eight percent of the cost. It would cost eight percent. Think of that.

Donald Trump: For right percent, you get a better product. But we'll have to look at it.

Susie Wiles: This is the heartbeat of your organization, sir.

Donald Trump: This is a great -- well, you're the heartbeat, too, aren't you? What about Alex? How's Alex? Are you surprised?

Susie Wiles: I think you did great.

Alex Bruesewitz: You did great, sir. You built the greatest political movement in history, and everybody here has been working super hard for you. And you're our inspiration, and we're going to bring this up today.

Donald Trump: Very nice. Thank you. It's very nice. And I hear the social media has been just unbelievable.

Alex Bruesewitz: You make it easy for us. You give us a lot of [Inaudible].

Donald Trump: No, Joe Rogan has been just a -- he's a great guy, and that was a big -- that was a big thing. And he did that. He just doesn't do that, and he did that. It meant -- I think it meant a lot. So, all over the country, I hear it's all red. And we don't need -- you know, we went in with a very big lead, so we just had to sort of keep it, but I hear it's beyond that.

Donald Trump: And it's a movement. There has never been a movement like this, and we're going to turn our country around. We're going to not let people that murder people come into our country. We're not going to let drug dealers come into our country and terrorists come into our country, little things like that. People are not going to stand them, and that's why we're doing well.

Donald Trump: But you know what? We still have time to go, so let's make sure that -- let's make sure that we have this under control. And some of you, I'm going to see tonight, I would imagine. I hope all of you. So, I'll be seeing you tonight, and it'll be great. The first lady is coming with us, and she's really impressed by the job you've done. Would you like to say something?

Melania Trump: A great job. Thank you so much for all your support. And it was hard work. I know it's hours to hours, and I know how hard my husband is working nonstop. So -- but thank you for all of your support. Great job. [Applause]

Donald Trump: So, yesterday and the day before -- she actually reminds me, the day before, too, we did a lot of rallies, and they're big ones. We did full rallies as opposed to -- so we got in about 5:00 in the morning. We left Michigan. I think Michigan is going to be great, especially since we killed the biggest factory they're ever going to -- auto factory that -- I think anywhere at any time, which would have, you know, destroyed them.

Donald Trump: And we did that without being president, so that was a big thing. But I think Michigan's going to be good. They're all looking really good. Susie, I can't think of anything that we're hearing weaknesses, right? What do you think of Susie? Would you say good? [Applause] Well, we just wanted to come over and pay our respects.

Donald Trump: This is really great. And we're going to see you tonight, and hopefully, they'll be able to get these expensive computers going. You know, the reason you use computers is to make time so that it's, like, fast. You don't use them so that you have to come up with an answer three days later. And that's a little scary when they say -- what are they doing? You use a computer because it calculates quickly, and you use paper because you save cost.

Donald Trump: But the paper turns out to be much quicker than the computer. There's something wrong with that, so we don't like that. But there are a lot of things that are happening in our country that have to be changed, and we'll do it, and we'll do what's right for the country, and I think that's why we're doing well.

Donald Trump: But let's see if we can close it out. But it would be -- I just asked about it. Wouldn't it be nice, after spending billions of dollars, that they could have a computer give an answer by like 10:00 in the evening? It doesn't make sense, does it? It doesn't really make sense. It's crazy. Thank you very much.

Donald Trump: We'll see you later. Have a good day. And you're going to be watching, and they're going to be watching. Make sure there's no cheating, right? There's going to be no cheating. OK. Thank you everybody. I like that. [Applause]