Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-black-business-owners-roundtable-atlanta-august-3-2024

Donald Trump: I think you're the last one to make it to [Inaudible]

Bruce LeVell: So, Eric, in terms of your -- you own a trucking company and talk about the contrast from like we said, from the Trump administration versus what you see now.

Unidentified: OK. The big difference in my business is fuel. The cost of fuel last year, $43,000 in fuel. You know, under the Trump administration, previously, that number was like $34,000, right? You know, so fuel is my biggest expense, and it's -- it's hurting the trucking. And -- and a lot of people have the optics of truckers being a big business, you know, but it's a small business.

Unidentified: The average fleet size is eight trucks, small business. And it's really strangling the small business owner. You know.

Donald Trump: And what about the fact that they want you to go to all-electric trucks within a short period of time, and it doesn't -- it doesn't work because of many things, but it doesn't work. What about that?

Unidentified: The infrastructure won't support it at all. It's antiquated. There's hardly places for trucks to park, diesel trucks, let alone charge electric trucks. I don't see how that's going to work. And just the cost of them. You know, like I was talking about California. He was leading this push under CARB, California Air Resources Board.

Donald Trump: Right.

Unidentified: Their goal is to ban electric trucks in the state of California, basically to bring the goods in, set up cross-dock operations, and electric trucks dispersed out through California. And blue states, California is leading the way. But New York, New Jersey, Illinois, they're all starting to go the same -- down the same road, and it's just going to drive up cost even more for the consumer.

Donald Trump: And the economy just is not the same and inflation has been eating your heart out, hasn't it?

Unidentified: Eating more than my heart, that's for sure.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Unidentified: Yes. Yes. It's building.

Donald Trump: So sad. Go ahead.

Bruce LeVell: So --

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.

Unidentified: Thank you.

Bruce LeVell: Thanks. And I'll pivot over to Carl. Carl, you know, you do a lot of huge projects. Of course, proud of you. In terms of you remember, in the Trump administration, on everyone used to hear the word permits -- permits, procurements and what did that look like and how much cumbersome and how much time that tied into money of just waiting and waiting and this layer and all the bureaucracy.

Bruce LeVell: What do you see back then in the Trump administration when it becomes -- and we're talking about regulation cuts.

Unidentified: Yeah.

Bruce LeVell: What does that look like now in the Biden-Harris?

Unidentified: So, in 2019, 2020, a permit with -- with the government would normally takes 72 hours to receive it. So, if we went for a permit on the 15th of April, we'll have it no later than the 18th of April, which meant we can build on our mobilization.

Donald Trump: Right.

Unidentified: And get paid fairly quick. Now, a permit takes us anywhere from April to 15th to -- to May the 15th. We won't receive it until after the 15th of May, which is too long. It's -- it's a month, 30 days. So, we can't invoice until June the 1st, which, for us --

Donald Trump: A big difference.

Unidentified: A big difference. We need cash flow. In order to get the cash flow, we need to mobilize, invoice the customer so we can get those receivables. One of the things that's killing us right now is the workman's comp and general liability. I watched it slide up to 25 percent this year. We're -- that's the increase that we're paying this year.

Unidentified: Next year, it's probably going to be worse. And we're not -- we're a small business but not a small business. We currently employ 50 guys -- 50 -- 50 -- I'm responsible for taking care of 50 individuals.

Donald Trump: Right.

Unidentified: Next year, I'm afraid of what that stuff's going to look like when it comes time for the orders.

Donald Trump: Well, if we -- we get in, and hopefully, we should, everything -- all indications are we will, your business is going to be better than ever. We're going to get it turned fast. They're regulating people out of business right now, and I'm hearing it from everybody.

Bruce LeVell: Yeah.

Donald Trump: It's a big problem. And the biggest problem is the inflation still. How is inflation affecting your business?

Unidentified: Oh, yeah. It is -- it's killing us. It is -- it's killing us. It is -- it's hard to go back to your customer and increase on them because you're not going to win the job. So, you have to eat it and move on. So, it's killing your bottom line. The profits -- the margins have dropped from when you were in office 25, 30 percent.

Unidentified: Now, we're down to 12, 15. So, that's where we are because we have to eat that part of the gas cost.

Donald Trump: And does the customer pay for the inflation or do you pay for it?

Unidentified: We pay for it.

Donald Trump: Huh?

Unidentified: We pay for it.

Donald Trump: Yeah. Sort of both probably, but you pay for it.

Unidentified: We do.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Unidentified: We can't increase --

Donald Trump: We'll get it back. We'll get it back. We'll be back where we were, but better. Thank you. Bruce, go ahead.

Bruce LeVell: OK. So -- and I'm -- I'm glad you addressed the workman's comp insurance. That was something you're talking about. It's big.

Donald Trump: It's a big deal.

Bruce LeVell: So, I'm going to pivot over to -- I know you talk about housing. You know, you're a real estate guy. There are some real estate folks in here. In terms of what the contrast during the Trump administration, we had 2.5, 2.8 interest rates at 30-year, 15-year rates, etc. I'm going to pivot over to my business colleague, Kamilla Jones here, who has been in the industry for a long time.

Bruce LeVell: I'm sorry, I won't tell too long because I don't -- you don't look like it, but it's been a while. And so, what did -- during the Trump administration, I know you've sold millions and millions of dollars worth of homes. Kudos. In terms of the culture and climate of let's just say Black customers that are buying homes versus what you're seeing now with some of that being eight-plus percent; and B, getting harder to qualify, what -- what contrast from then from what you see now as in the real estate business?

Kamilla Jones: Well, you used to be able to the -- in the Black community, they were -- the housing was more affordable.

Donald Trump: Right.

Kamilla Jones: Let's just say, in the Georgia market --

Donald Trump: Right.

Kamilla Jones: They could, you know, purchase something for 250,000. Now, something, I would say, nice for a decent family of four is more around 400,000. And the problem that we're seeing is there's not a lot of down payment assistance programs. They -- they need a little bit more help with down payment assistance or -- or something because we're -- we're talking about nurses, you know, people who --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Kamilla Jones: You know, are -- what do you call that? The people who -- that are in the hospital industry. They're --

Donald Trump: They're people with good jobs.

Kamilla Jones: With good jobs.

Donald Trump: And good money, but they still can't afford to have the American dream, can they?

Kamilla Jones: No.

Donald Trump: And four years ago, that's what they had. They had the American dream.

Kamilla Jones: Right. And the interest rates are --

Donald Trump: I got it.

Kamilla Jones: They're just too high. I have a ton of buyers that are in the higher echelon, but nobody is selling their homes because they don't want to give up that 2.5 for, you know --

Donald Trump: And they can't get the money anyway. Even if they want to pay the high interest rates, and you can go up to 10 and 11 percent, they can't get the money anyway. We were at 2.4 percent. Now, you're at 10 percent, 11 percent, but you can't get the money. So, I guess, you're much higher than that. It's terrible.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. Very nice.

Bruce LeVell: So, we do have a farmer here, second generation, Edna Moses [Ph], here on my right. And we know -- we know about cost of food, etc. Everybody feels that. And so, Edna, in terms of your farms, your -- your supply food chain, whatever, what did you see from -- once again, we're doing the contrast from the Trump administration versus the Biden-Harris as it relates to, you know, your debt service and how you manage --