Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-bitcoin-bar-new-york-september-18-2024

Donald Trump: Hello, everybody. Hi, guys.

Unidentified: Good to see you, sir.

Donald Trump: This is quite something, isn't it?

Unidentified: Yes, sir.

Donald Trump: Were you at the show?

Unidentified: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Fantastic. Great, right? Hello, everybody. Hi. Hi, everybody.

Question: Sir, what's your reaction to the Fed cutting interest rates --

Unidentified: [inaudible] Are you good? Are you good?

Thomas Pacchia: [inaudible] here has the phone.

Donald Trump: [inaudible]

Unidentified: Mr. Trump, pleased to meet you.

Thomas Pacchia: I'm just going to scan this QR code here with this phone --

Donald Trump: OK, good, good.

Thomas Pacchia: If you want to take that from him.

Unidentified: [inaudible]

Donald Trump: Yes, go ahead.

Thomas Pacchia: Scan that QR code right here.

Donald Trump: All right.

Unidentified: Right there.

Thomas Pacchia: Right there, just that one.

Donald Trump: OK [inaudible]

Unidentified: Perfect. Thank you. [inaudible] It's like text [inaudible] All right? And fantastic. It went through.

Donald Trump: [inaudible]

Unidentified: [inaudible]

Thomas Pacchia: Invoice.

Unidentified: [inaudible]

Thomas Pacchia: Oh, it did go through. All right. We're done.

Unidentified: Perfect. There we go.

Thomas Pacchia: The first transaction by a president on the bitcoin protocol. History.

Donald Trump: You know what that means, right?

Unidentified: Fantastic.

Donald Trump: That's history, history in the making. Hello, everybody. I got to go back and see those people.

Thomas Pacchia: All right, let's go.

Donald Trump: Come on, let's go.

Thomas Pacchia: Right this way.

Donald Trump: Thank you. Thank you, everybody.

Question: Sir, what's your reaction to the Fed cutting interest rates today?

Donald Trump: I guess it shows the economy is very bad to cut it by that much. Assuming they're not just playing politics, the economy would be very bad or they're playing politics, one or the other. But it was a big cut.

Question: Mr. President, any reaction to the Teamsters decision not to endorse?

Donald Trump: No, they were -- it's a great honor. They're not going to endorse the Democrats, that's a big thing. And this is the first time in, I guess, 50, 60 years that that's happened. Democrats automatically have the Teamsters. They took a vote, and I guess I was at 60 percent or more. And that's a great honor.

Donald Trump: I mean, it's really -- I've had a lot of Teamsters work for me, a lot of the concrete trucks built all these buildings that you see in New York City, the Teamsters -- exclusively Teamsters, I have to say, and they've done a great job. But the vote of the Teamsters themselves was very high for me and the leadership, Sean O'Brien and the group, who are great people, they said, "We can't endorse the Democrats."

Donald Trump: So, I think this is the first time in many decades that they haven't endorsed Democrats.

Question: [inaudible] big difference in those big industrial states, you think? They're going to make a difference?

Donald Trump: I think it will. Yeah, I think so. The Teamsters carry a lot of weight. The Democrats cannot believe they didn't. You know, look this is -- it was always automatic that Democrats get the Teamsters. And they said we won't endorse the Democrats this year. So, that was an honor for me.

Question: Mr. Trump, there's a lot of concern about your vulnerability as you -- as you golf. Are you going to continue to golf? And have you talked with the Secret Service about upping security?

Donald Trump: Well, we'll look at it. And we'll do what the Secret Service wants. You don't want to ever be curtailed because of, you know, the crazy people out there, the bad people, crazy people, whatever you want to call them. So, we'll let the Secret Service determine that. If they think things are safe, you do it like coming to a place like this, it's got to be safe, got to be safe.

Donald Trump: We're going now to Nassau Coliseum where, I mean, it's literally been packed. It's been, you know, incredible. They have over 60,000 people for 15,000 or 16,000 seats. So, I look forward to that. But it's always got to be safe.

Question: We got some great pictures --

Donald Trump: You just don't want them dictating to you where you should go and what you should do.

Question: Do you feel hemmed in by -- by all the new security?

Donald Trump: No, I don't. I really don't. I just have to lead my life, and I have to make America great again. That's what it's all about.

Question: Governor Sanders yesterday [inaudible] about parents not having biological children, do you think that that's something that --

Donald Trump: By who?

Question: Governor Sanders yesterday had a dig about Harris not having biological children. She's a stepmother but doesn't have biological children.

Donald Trump: No.

Question: Do you think that's something she should be attacked for?

Donald Trump: Well, I just don't know anything about it really. Thank you.

Question: President Trump, your impression --

Donald Trump: How are you? Hi.

Unidentified: [inaudible] [inaudible] We got a lot of [inaudible] [inaudible]

Donald Trump: First transaction, right?

Unidentified: Amazing, thank you for that.

Donald Trump: Thank you for that.

Unidentified: If you can guide him this way.

Donald Trump: Oh, boy, is he making a name for himself? [inaudible] you have much better hair [inaudible]

Unidentified: He has his own.

Donald Trump: OK, I'll sign it. OK. Oh, I like that.

Thomas Pacchia: [inaudible] if you don't mind, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Unidentified: Hello. President Trump [inaudible]

Donald Trump: Nice to see you.

Unidentified: Nice to see you.

Donald Trump: It's been a while.

Question: Do you feel safe, Mr. President? Are you looking at any private security in addition --

Donald Trump: I feel very safe. I have the top-of-the-line people. They needed more people. Now, they have -- they've been given that. And I guess it's presidential level. And based on the poll numbers, I guess you have to do that. We're leading in just about every poll, and we have to be safe. But we really have to be safe for the country.

Donald Trump: That's the most important thing to me. We have to be safe for the country. A lot of progress is going to be made. It's going to be made fast. But the Secret Service, I think they're doing a very good job. They just needed more people.

Question: And what's your message for --

Donald Trump: And they've been giving --

Question: What's your message for New York?

Donald Trump: I love New York, I always love New York. And we're going to give New York a big play. You know, I leave here, I mean, you see the crowds, and it's so friendly. I love New York. But New York has a lot of problems, and we're going to make New York great again also. We're going to bring it back, and we're going to hopefully win.

Donald Trump: We -- I think we have a real chance of winning. You have hundreds of thousands of people coming from prisons and jails and from mental institutions and dumped into New York, the people don't want that. And we'll work with your mayor and your governor, and we're going to do a lot of great things for New York.

Donald Trump: We want to do that, and we have to bring it back. We can't let this happen to New York. So unfair. You have hundreds of thousands of people dumped into the city and the state. You just can't do that. Nothing -- no -- no place can sustain that.

Question: Would that mean a lot to you since it's your home state --

Donald Trump: Well, I'd love to win New York. It hasn't been won in many, many decades by a Republican. But this time, it should be won by -- this is a Republican that loves it, that lived here for many, many years. And, you know, I'm all about New York. We have to bring New York back, and we're going to. We -- hopefully, we're going to win New York.

Donald Trump: I mean, we're here because we want to win New York. And I think that's going to happen. OK?

Thomas Pacchia: Thank you so much.

Question: President Trump, we, as Bitcoin fanatics here in New York, we love this bar.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Question: We just wanted your impression. What's your impression of PubKey?

Donald Trump: It's a great place. I just made the first transaction in Bitcoin. I have another -- everybody that's a crypto guy, crypto maniac as I call them, because they really are that --

Unidentified: We're a little wild, right? Yeah, we're a little wild.

Donald Trump: They believe. But everybody, whether it's bitcoin, but crypto, get out and vote because if you vote, we cannot lose. We cannot lose. We want to get everybody that agrees with you people, what you're doing. And a lot of people -- that's a big a lot of people. And, you know, they've been treating you very badly at the SEC, etc. And we're going to treat you very fairly --

Unidentified: We appreciate that.

Donald Trump: But you have to get out and vote. OK?

Unidentified: We appreciate that.

Donald Trump: You got to get out --

Unidentified: Make bitcoin great again. Yes.

Donald Trump: We're going to make -- yeah, we'll make it -- we'll make crypto -- we'll make crypto.

Unidentified: And it's pretty easy to use, right? It was fairly easy to make that payment.

Donald Trump: It was very easy, yeah, goes quickly and beautifully.

Unidentified: The bitcoiners support you, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: It's going to be great. It's the beginning of a new era actually. I mean, if you think about it, it's -- what they've done is so amazing that over a short period of time.

Unidentified: We appreciate that you see that.

Donald Trump: And you look at the values and you look at the kind of numbers you're talking about, bigger than the biggest corporations in the world put together, many of them. So, it's quite something. You want me to sign that?

Thomas Pacchia: That would be great if you could.

Donald Trump: I'll do that. Sure.

Thomas Pacchia: And the menu -- we have some -- it's national cheeseburger day evidently.

Donald Trump: Oh, I love that. Oh, I want one of those.

Thomas Pacchia: So, we got some burgers and Diet Cokes, if you want to --

Donald Trump: I want one of those.

Unidentified: The best burger in the city.

Donald Trump: And David's doing a good job everybody, right? I think David -- does everyone know David, David Bailey?

Unidentified: Mr. Bailey? Yes, sir. Of course. Bitcoin Magazine. Yeah, he's great.

Donald Trump: He's doing a good job. He got this whole thing started. I'll sign that?

Unidentified: The menu, yeah.

Donald Trump: Would you like one? Do you want a hamburger?

Unidentified: These burgers are killer. They really are.

Donald Trump: They're good.

Unidentified: We'll save you a bite.

Donald Trump: That's great, man. How's that? Nice?

Thomas Pacchia: That's perfect. Amazing.

Unidentified: Beautiful.

Thomas Pacchia: And one more right here would be fantastic, if you don't mind. And then we can -- we have some gifts for you.

Donald Trump: Good. I want bitcoin. OK, you got it.

Unidentified: I appreciate your open-mindedness.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Unidentified: Thank you so much for coming here.

Donald Trump: No, It's great.

Unidentified: We really appreciate it.

Donald Trump: It's a new -- it's a new era --

Unidentified: Paradigm.

Donald Trump: And that's what's happening. It's amazing to see what's happened in such a short period of time. Congratulations.

Unidentified: Thank you, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Thank you. Thank you everybody. Thank you.

Unidentified: Thank you. Mr. President, you want to [inaudible] now or --

Donald Trump: Yeah. Who wants a hamburger?

Unidentified: Yeah, yeah.

Donald Trump: OK.

Unidentified: Thank you.

Donald Trump: These suckers are good, too. They make them good here.

Unidentified: Here we go. Yeah.

Donald Trump: This is a crypto burger.

Unidentified: [inaudible] burgers.

Donald Trump: Actually -- actually you should name them -- name a bitcoin and a crypto. We got plenty of them you can name. OK. You're going to be in good shape back there.

Unidentified: Glass bottle of Diet Coke.

Donald Trump: Do you want one? Do you want one?

Unidentified: [inaudible]

Donald Trump: Go ahead, take it. She's [inaudible]

Unidentified: I'll take it.

Donald Trump: Se's been great.

Unidentified: Mr. Trump --

Donald Trump: OK, got it.

Unidentified: Got it.

Donald Trump: I just think Greg Gutfeld -- you have to watch it tonight, Greg -- how many people were there? Doug, you were there?

Unidentified: Yeah.

Donald Trump: It's cool, right?

Unidentified: Yeah.

Donald Trump: He's done a good job. Does everyone know Pulitzer Prize winner? Doug is one of the greats. Look at him. He's embarrassed. He's embarrassed.

Unidentified: Let's go, Doug.

Donald Trump: OK, here you go. Doug, you're great.

Unidentified: Thank you. You're going to have one?

Donald Trump: It always -- it makes me look thin. That's all I care.

Unidentified: Yeah.

Donald Trump: OK, you got it? Have a good time, everybody.

Unidentified: Thank you. [inaudible] Thank you. Thank you.

Donald Trump: We're going now to Nassau Coliseum.

Unidentified: Safe travels.

Donald Trump: Packed house. Thank you. Thank you very much, everybody.

Question: Sir, do you have reaction to the wireless device explosions in Lebanon?

Donald Trump: I think it's crazy. I've never seen anything like it. Nobody has.

Unidentified: Justin. Sir, this is [inaudible] Emily.

Donald Trump: Wow.

Unidentified: Hi. Nice to see you.

Donald Trump: Good job.

Unidentified: Nice to see you again.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. Congratulations. Thank you. Thank you, everybody.

Unidentified: Thank you so much. [inaudible]

Donald Trump: [inaudible]

Unidentified: [inaudible] [inaudible]

Donald Trump: [inaudible] is it really good?

Unidentified: Yes. [inaudible]

Donald Trump: [inaudible]

Unidentified: [inaudible]

Donald Trump: It may or may not be loaded.

Unidentified: [inaudible] [inaudible]

Donald Trump: Do you think they're going to be voting, the crypto people?

Unidentified: Yes, absolutely.

Donald Trump: If they vote, we're going to win. You got a lot of [inaudible]

Unidentified: Mr. President, [inaudible] [inaudible]

Donald Trump: Oh, good. [inaudible]

Unidentified: [inaudible] [inaudible] Let's go. Stop saying crypto. [inaudible] [inaudible] Yeah. I try [inaudible] [inaudible] [inaudible] [inaudible] Yes, we're going to do the [inaudible] over here. Yeah. Thank you so much for getting back there. We really appreciate it. That's going to have [inaudible] Yes, that's going to happen right there, like it was sort of at the beginning.

Unidentified: [inaudible] [inaudible] all the way down here. Yeah. I just don't want to miss him. Drew, Drew, pass me that iPad. Yes, sir. Thank you, dude. Boy [inaudible] [inaudible] [inaudible] Do you have the phone? Do you have your phone? Yeah. The big phone. [inaudible] [inaudible] It's Daniel, Daniel. Daniel, OK. Take care.

Unidentified: God bless you. [inaudible] [inaudible] I'll give you a hug. Come back. Good to see you. Goodluck. God bless, you, too. Thank you. Hey, can I see [inaudible] I just gave it to [inaudible] Drew. President Trump. [inaudible] Mr. Trump, [inaudible] good luck.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.

Unidentified: Thank you for loving [inaudible] Mr. Trump. Well, I love PubKey. I only met my boyfriend here. [inaudible]

Donald Trump: Oh, wow. He's a handsome guy.

Unidentified: Very true.

Donald Trump: Good-looking couple.

Unidentified: Oh, yeah. [inaudible] my burger.

Donald Trump: Thank you, everybody.

Unidentified: Bye, Mr. President. Have a great day.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Unidentified: Bye. We love you. Can you come on our podcast?

Donald Trump: Thank you. Thank you.

Unidentified: Please come to our podcast.

Donald Trump: Are you doing a podcast?

Unidentified: Yes, we do it together.

Donald Trump: It is a bitcoin [inaudible]

Unidentified: No. No.

Donald Trump: What is it about?

Unidentified: [inaudible] it's amazing [inaudible]

Donald Trump: But if I go on, it's going to be a big hit.

Unidentified: I know.

Donald Trump: That's pretty cool. You let us know.

Unidentified: OK.

Donald Trump: Let my people know.

Unidentified: OK. Yes. Yes, sir. Let's go.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Unidentified: Safe travels.

Donald Trump: Thank you, everybody. Thank you, everybody.

Unidentified: Thank you, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Have a good day. Good luck.

Question: Mr. President, [inaudible]

Donald Trump: Oh, it's either -- very simple. Either the economy is terrible or they're doing politics because [inaudible] was afraid, unusual number. And a lot of people think because the economy is so bad. The economy is bad. And they think they had to do that with to economy [inaudible]

Question: But what do you think -- Mr. President?

Donald Trump: Our economy is in trouble.

Question: Are you going to meet Zelenskyy when he's here next week? [inaudible] really into -- he's going to college, right?

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Question: And [inaudible] 10 minutes -- and he's into bitcoin. What is -- what is something like this mean to him as far as --

Donald Trump: Well, it's really happening. Bitcoin is really happening. Crypto, generally.

Question: Yes, sir.

Donald Trump: And Barron fully understands that. He really does. He's -- young people understand it better than most.

Unidentified: When he's 21, he should come here when he's 21.

Thomas Pacchia: [inaudible] collectibles we'd like for you to have.

Donald Trump: Oh, that's very nice.

Thomas Pacchia: This was held behind Janet Yellen when she was the chair of the Federal Reserve.

Donald Trump: Oh. She --

Thomas Pacchia: Christian was an intern at the Cato Institute. He was probably fired before he left the room.

Donald Trump: Wow, that was a big deal.

Thomas Pacchia: Yeah.

Unidentified: He took it out, but Bitcoin has come a long way since then.

Donald Trump: I like that. You've come a long way.

Unidentified: Nice to meet you, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Here. Keep that, OK.

Question: Mr. President, are you going to meet Zelenskyy when he's here next week for the UN?

Donald Trump: Probably yes.

Unidentified: [inaudible] Stand by, press. Stand by [inaudible] [inaudible] [inaudible] [inaudible] OK. Press, press, can you hear me? [inaudible] Press, to the motorcade. Alex, you stay. Press, to the motorcade. You stay. Press, to the motorcade. Good luck with everything [inaudible] OK, let's do it. Thank you so much.

Unidentified: Thank you. I have to run. I just got to run. Yup. The motorcade, let's go. OK, bye. Bye. Thank you.