Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-mcdonalds-event-feasterville-trevose-pennsylvania-october-20-2024

Unidentified: Good luck on your first day of work, sir.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Unidentified: Hot fries, extra salt.

Donald Trump: Hello, everybody.

Unidentified: Sir.

Donald Trump: My first day at McDonald's. I'm looking for a job. How are you? Hello, President Trump. I'm Derek Giacomantonio. I'm the owner. Oh, well, that's a good owner. Must be a wealthy guy, huh? Thank you very much.

Derek Giacomantonio: Thank you.

Donald Trump: Well, I'm looking for a job, and I've always wanted to work at McDonald's, but I never did. I'm running against somebody that said she did, but it turned out to be a totally phony story. So, if you don't mind, I want to work the french fry counter.

Derek Giacomantonio: Absolutely.

Donald Trump: OK. How much are you paying me?

Derek Giacomantonio: How much are we paying you?

Donald Trump: Hello, everybody.

Derek Giacomantonio: India [ph] is here. She has -- this is India [ph]. She has an apron for you.

Unidentified: Welcome.

Donald Trump: Oh, good.

Unidentified: And good job on your first day --

Donald Trump: I think I should take --

Unidentified: President Trump.

Donald Trump: Should I take off my jacket? I think so. The press wants to see this. How are you? There's a wealthy guy. He owns a lot of McDonald's, OK? That's great. Thank you. OK.

Unidentified: [Inaudible] Right now.

Donald Trump: No, I think it's good. You want to do that? Yeah.

Unidentified: Yup, I can help you with that.

Question: Mr. Trump, what's your favorite thing to order at McDonald's?

Donald Trump: I like it all. I love my McDonald's. I like every ounce of it, everything, but I do like the french fries where I'll be working. I listen to Kamala. She said it was so hot. It was so hot. It was such a tough job. But don't you have a man that's been doing it for many years, the -- the french fries, right?

Unidentified: We're going to learn everything.

Donald Trump: We're going to see -- I'm going to learn how to do it right now. Thank you.

Unidentified: Yes.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Unidentified: Welcome here.

Derek Giacomantonio: So, President Trump, I have --

Donald Trump: Hi, everybody.

Unidentified: Welcome. I'm Jason. Welcome to McDonald's.

Derek Giacomantonio: Jojo is going to teach you some drive-thru. That thing is where food at. And this is Frank. He's going to be more than happy to teach you fries.

Donald Trump: OK. Let's go.

Unidentified: OK, Mr. Trump. We're going to start over here on the fry. I'm going to take the lead at first and show you the basics, and then I'll pass it over to you.

Donald Trump: Very good.

Unidentified: So, the first thing you'll do --

Donald Trump: Yeah, come on -- come on over here.

Unidentified: Thank you, sir. First thing we're going to do is we're going to grab a basket of fries --

Donald Trump: Right.

Unidentified: And take them out to the fryer. We're going to slowly and gently lower them in so that we don't burn ourselves. We're going to hit the fry timer.

Donald Trump: Right.

Unidentified: And then we got a lot of fry space, and we're going to cut another basket going. I'll grab the basket out and gently lower it in, and then we'll hit the timer to tell. Within a couple of seconds, a duty timer is going to go off. When that duty timer goes off, that basically means that the fries, we need to lift them out of the oil and shake them so, that way, they don't get stuck together.

Donald Trump: OK.

Unidentified: And then after that, we're going to put it back down. We're going to let the -- the fryer cook. And then when they're done, we're going to bring them over here.

Donald Trump: That was it?

Unidentified: So, over here, we have all your fry cartons right here. There's a new timer.

Donald Trump: Right.

Unidentified: So, duty timer, we're going to press it.

Donald Trump: Right.

Unidentified: And lift it out of the oil and then give it a couple of shakes and then put it back into the oil.

Donald Trump: OK.

Unidentified: Same thing over here. Timer. Now, the oil, a couple of shakes --

Donald Trump: Wow.

Unidentified: Back into the oil. Then when those are done cooking, our fry station, we got extra small, small, medium, and large cartons all right there for you.

Donald Trump: Right.

Unidentified: A lot of our orders today are going to be medium, so that's what we'll be focusing on. We've got the Accu-Salt dispenser right here. So, we're going to dump that on there. The way that this works is it's already measured for you, all the salt.

Donald Trump: Right. Right.

Unidentified: So, all you got to do, turn it over, let it dispense, and that's that.

Donald Trump: Oh.

Unidentified: Yeah. It's really that.

Donald Trump: That's pretty good, huh?

Unidentified: Yeah.

Donald Trump: How long have you done this?

Unidentified: Eight years.

Donald Trump: And you're very good at it, right?

Unidentified: I -- I appreciate that, sir. Thank you. And then also, one other thing, we're going to make sure we separate the fries and we put them into the fry station so we don't want to mix old fries with new fries. We want to keep them all fresh and ready to go for the customers.

Donald Trump: I see.

Unidentified: I can show you real quick --

Donald Trump: Great.

Unidentified: Just for the carton. When you're opening these cartons, you're going to push on the side, push that, move that bottom part up, and then that's that, and then we're going to hold them like this.

Donald Trump: I've had many of those.

Unidentified: There you go.

Donald Trump: I probably had more than you.

Unidentified: Probably, yeah.

Donald Trump: I might have had more, which is pretty sad when you get right down to it.

Unidentified: You don't want to squeeze too hard because then you're going to be --

Donald Trump: OK, yeah.

Unidentified: Packing the fries in. We want to make sure the fries --

Donald Trump: And you put them in through there, right?

Unidentified: Yeah, exactly. So, we'll grab our fries scoop, and then we'll put them in there, and that will be that. Also, when the fries come up, we're going to give them a twirl, make sure they're all evenly salted and everything like that, and then we'll put them on the fry ribbon, ready to go for the -- for their orders.

Donald Trump: What do you sell, mostly medium-sized?

Unidentified: Exactly.

Donald Trump: What --what percentage would that be?

Unidentified: That's going to be -- hey, Derek, question, what percentage of the medium fries?

Derek Giacomantonio: Yeah, I don't -- I don't know, also. Yeah, I think each location is a little different.

Unidentified: Yeah, yeah. Yeah. You didn't like the iconic size.

Donald Trump: That's good stuff.

Unidentified: Yeah. And then once -- once these come up, I'll salt them. I'll make a couple for us, and then I'll pass it over to you, and then I'll kind of just stand by and just make sure that's [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: Very good. Very good.

Unidentified: And we'll probably drop it -- once -- once it's your turn, we'll probably drop another basket, and then I'll take care of these. You'll take care of your basket, and then we'll give it a go.

Donald Trump: It's a good job, isn't it, huh? Not bad, right?

Unidentified: Yeah, yeah, very good job.

Donald Trump: You have a nice owner? Be careful, he's right there.

Unidentified: Very good owner, yes.

Donald Trump: Be careful. Eight years, that's the end of that. We're going to the Pittsburgh game tonight, Pittsburgh Steelers. Should be good.

Unidentified: It should be a good game.

Donald Trump: Yeah, it should be a good game. So, how long do they stay, in general?

Unidentified: Roughly three minutes.

Donald Trump: So, you do the initial shake. You do a shake after that?

Unidentified: I'll -- no, not really a shake. So, the full timer is going off. We're going to hit the timer. We're going to lift them up, hang them onto there, and then we're just going to drain them. So, we're going to hold it here for around 10 seconds. Let the oil drain off of them. And do these ones, too. Put them up. Drain them.

Unidentified: Roughly 10 seconds. And then we're done. We're going to lift this, two hands, over, drop it in, and then we can put all of our old baskets right over here --

Donald Trump: Right.

Unidentified: Ready to be refilled for the next time. The same thing, two hands, drop it in, and then fry baskets over here.

Donald Trump: And you always keep them separate?

Unidentified: Yeah, exactly. We don't want to mix old and new.

Donald Trump: That's great.

Unidentified: Now, we get our Accu-Salt, fold it over. You don't got to shake it or anything like that, dispense exactly what you need.

Donald Trump: Wow.

Unidentified: And then like that. That's done. And then we're going to start making fries. We're going to grab our medium carton, sides, bottom, and then we're going to get these kicked off. Let's get the salt evenly dispersed. And then all the way in. Make sure they're all the way filled up.

Donald Trump: That's great. That's pretty good. I'll tell you. Are we allowed to give any to the fake news? Hey, by the way, did you see the crowds out there? For the fake news, they've never seen crowds like that. Take you a long time to feed them, wouldn't it? That's a lot of people. What do you think, Doug?

Unidentified: It's a lot.

Donald Trump: Got to say. Got to report back. There's something going on. Something's happening, Margo. Something's happened. That's not normal.

Unidentified: Now, you want to give it a try?

Donald Trump: I do.

Unidentified: OK. You can step right over here.

Donald Trump: So, grab it? Grab it?

Unidentified: We're going to grab a basket, two hands.

Donald Trump: That's right.

Unidentified: And then you can go right into here on the left. Yup, slowly.

Donald Trump: That's right.

Unidentified: Right here. Right here. Slowly gently lowered into the oil. You don't want to burn yourself. Down a little bit further. Gotcha. There you go. And then we're going to hit our fry timer right here.

Donald Trump: All right.

Unidentified: We got one going good. Now, we can drop another one, too.

Donald Trump: OK.

Unidentified: So, we'll grab one more basket, two hands.

Donald Trump: Two hands?

Unidentified: Yup. We're going to put it right here.

Donald Trump: OK.

Unidentified: Lower it slowly into the oil. You don't want to burn. Good, good, good. And then we're just going to hit our fry timer right here.

Donald Trump: OK, right there. Yup.

Unidentified: Now, we're waiting for that duty timer. So, now, when that duty timer comes up, again, hit the timer.

Donald Trump: OK.

Unidentified: Take it out the oil slowly, give it a little shake so, that way, it don't get stuck together.

Donald Trump: OK.

Unidentified: And then lower it back into the oil.

Donald Trump: OK.

Unidentified: So, probably -- this one will probably go off before anybody else. Yeah, there we go.

Donald Trump: Over here?

Unidentified: Yup, you're good. You got it. So, now, lift it out of the oil, two hands.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Unidentified: Shake, and then slowly back into the oil, and that's good. Good job. Good job. And then we got another one going off, so duty timer right here.

Donald Trump: OK.

Unidentified: We'll hit that button. Good. And then out the oil, shake, and then back into the oil. Very nice. And then our last one is going to go off, and we'll give that a few seconds, and then make a few more fries that we got.

Donald Trump: Yeah, let's make some more. Got about 10,000 people out there. That's a big crowd, huh?

Question: Mr. Trump, why [Inaudible] before you come in?

Donald Trump: I love McDonald's. I love jobs. I like to see good jobs. And I think it's inappropriate when somebody puts down all over the place that she worked at McDonald's. It was a big part of her resume that she worked at McDonald's, how tough a job it was. She specifically worked at the french fry -- where they make the french fries.

Donald Trump: And she talked about the heat. It was so tough. She never worked at McDonald's. McDonald's just confirmed that again, by the way. She never worked at McDonald's. In other words, she's lying Kamala. This is a great setup, huh? So, what's the second handle, for a lefty?

Unidentified: Exactly.

Donald Trump: That's -- so, you have lefties that are having that.

Unidentified: Yes. And then also, sometimes, when you have no salt fries, you grab it with your right hand and you grab it with your left.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Unidentified: Pour it onto there.

Donald Trump: That's when you're busy, huh?

Unidentified: Exactly, yes. So, this one's about to be done.

Donald Trump: OK.

Unidentified: Twenty seconds on that one. When that one's up, we're going to -- once it starts beeping, it'll say pool. We're going to hit the pool timer.

Donald Trump: OK.

Unidentified: We're going to lift it out of the oil. We're going to hook it onto here.

Donald Trump: All right.

Unidentified: Lift the handle up to let it drain, give it like 10 seconds. Once it's done draining, we're going to bring it over to the left side, put it into there.

Donald Trump: OK.

Unidentified: Salt, and then --

Donald Trump: Good.

Unidentified: Shake them up.

Donald Trump: Can they have some? It looks good, huh? These are definitely fresh. The good thing, they're definitely fresh.

Unidentified: Yup, that's good.

Donald Trump: OK.

Unidentified: And then --

Donald Trump: I pull it all?

Unidentified: Exactly. And we're going to hook it right onto there.

Donald Trump: OK. And I shake it a little bit.

Unidentified: You don't got to shake. You just hook it right onto there.

Donald Trump: OK.

Unidentified: And then we're going to bring this handle up towards the sky. So, that way, the oil --

Donald Trump: To get rid of the oil.

Unidentified: Yup. Doing great. Awesome. And then that's good. We're going to bring them over directly to this one.

Donald Trump: All right.

Unidentified: Very good.

Donald Trump: Grab one while it's really hot. See if you can touch that sucker. I don't think so.

Unidentified: Then we're going to bring that basket far right, all the way over to the right --

Donald Trump: OK.

Unidentified: And hang it right up there. And then we got another full timer. We got to hit that timer, bring that one up. I'm going to take care of these.

Donald Trump: OK.

Unidentified: Right there. Right there.

Donald Trump: And we --

Unidentified: Got to get rid of the oil.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Unidentified: Good, good, good. Just put that right -- far right. Hang it right up there.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Unidentified: And then you want to do this one over here?

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Unidentified: I did these ones already. They're good.

Donald Trump: OK.

Unidentified: You just got to do that one right there. So, grab that.

Donald Trump: Let me give them extra salt.

Unidentified: No, no. Yup, yup, good.

Donald Trump: OK.

Unidentified: Right there. And then we're going to grab the fry scoop right here.

Donald Trump: Right.

Unidentified: Put it into there, and just give them a twirl --

Donald Trump: OK.

Unidentified: That way.

Donald Trump: OK. Where is that little thing?

Unidentified: Medium fry carton right here, sides, and then bottom.

Donald Trump: You never even touch it, huh?

Unidentified: Exactly.

Donald Trump: I was always wondering. Wow, that's pretty good.

Unidentified: And then you're going to put it right up here on this dry ribbon.

Donald Trump: OK. So, can I give it to these guys here? Take it.

Unidentified: Want to do another one?

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Unidentified: So, again, we're going to sides, bottom.

Donald Trump: Right.

Unidentified: And then we're going to hold it like this, so, that way, we don't squish the front.

Donald Trump: OK. Got it.

Unidentified: Exactly. And then grab your fry scoop, and then -- got it. We'll probably get another scoop in there and make sure --

Donald Trump: I think so. Wow.

Unidentified: Let's do a little bit more.

Donald Trump: We'll do another one?

Unidentified: Yup, definitely. And then this one, we got to dump it over here.

Donald Trump: OK.

Unidentified: But this one's clear for us, so we can put it right into here.

Donald Trump: Let's do it. Let's do it.

Unidentified: Very good. And then you can hang that one right back over there. Thank you. And then we're going to grab our salt. Salt first. And then just one dump, no movement. Good, good, good. Throw it over. And then you're going to grab the fry scoop, and then give it a twirl, get it all -- all that salt mixed up in there.

Donald Trump: OK.

Unidentified: Yup. Very good, very good. And then --

Donald Trump: It's cool.

Unidentified: Yup.

Donald Trump: Like that.

Unidentified: And we're going to take from these ones first, these first in, first out.

Donald Trump: OK.

Unidentified: We want the freshest ones.

Donald Trump: I like that.

Unidentified: Good. Very good.

Donald Trump: Like that. Open it up, keep it tight. We got the salt on it. It never touches the human hand.

Unidentified: Very good.

Donald Trump: Nice and full.

Unidentified: Thank you.

Donald Trump: Good? I'll do another one.

Unidentified: Yeah.

Donald Trump: I'll grab it. OK.

Unidentified: There we go.

Donald Trump: Never touched by a human hand. Nice and clean. Of course, my hands are nice and clean. This guy is a good instructor.

Unidentified: I appreciate it.

Donald Trump: Wow. I'm going to give a really big one so that -- so that they're just pouring out of there. How good is that, Margo? Here, Margo. Have them. She's been with -- she's been with me a long time. She's the only one who can afford to have them.

Unidentified: Now, do you want to keep going with the fries or do you want to --

Donald Trump: No, I think it's good. I think it's good.

Unidentified: Do you want to keep --

Donald Trump: Now, how about we bag them now?

Unidentified: Exactly. OK, let's go move to Jojo. Jojo is going to help you with the bag.

Donald Trump: Jojo, you're an expert at this, huh? Let's go.

Unidentified: OK. President Trump, so for our first order that's going out the window, we're going to need three medium fries. So, would you like to add -- put the medium fries in the bag?

Donald Trump: I think so. Yeah.

Unidentified: All right.

Donald Trump: So, we'll do that.

Unidentified: Grab the three. So, we're going to start --

Donald Trump: Because you know who's taking these, right? Mine. Do they ever ask for more salt?

Unidentified: Sometimes.

Donald Trump: Supposing we want some extra salt, can you just go like that?

Unidentified: We will give them salt packets.

Donald Trump: What just happened? I love salt. Wait a minute. I spilled some. Just -- I'm very superstitious. Now, it's over the left shoulder, now I'm OK. Let's go.

Unidentified: All right. Yeah, so we're going to start from this side.

Donald Trump: Yeah. Fine. OK, put them in standing up, right?

Unidentified: Correct. Jojo -- All right.

Donald Trump: You're an expert at this, huh?

Unidentified: Yes.

Donald Trump: How long have you done -- done this? How long have you been here?

Unidentified: I've been working at McDonald's 10-plus.

Donald Trump: Ten-plus, wow. All different jobs?

Unidentified: Yeah.

Donald Trump: She's doing a good job?

Derek Giacomantonio: Does an excellent job.

Donald Trump: She better, right?

Derek Giacomantonio: An excellent job.

Donald Trump: She's beautiful.

Unidentified: Thank you.

Donald Trump: Let's go.

Unidentified: All right.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Unidentified: All right. We're done.

Donald Trump: How many -- how many would you put in a bag like this, like six, you're good? Six mediums.

Unidentified: Five is fine.

Donald Trump: Five.

Unidentified: Five will fit the most. Our first order, get three medium fries, and they're waiting for you.

Donald Trump: Oh, good. Very good. Let's go.

Unidentified: All right.

Donald Trump: Oh, I see. Now, I'm going to see -- oh, that's your customer out there.

Unidentified: Yes.

Donald Trump: Wow, that's pretty good. OK. Let's see. Can you believe this? Look at this guy. He's a MAGA guy all the way.

Unidentified: OK. So, for his first order --

Donald Trump: Here you go. OK.

Unidentified: Yup. President Trump.

Donald Trump: Boy, that's a good-looking group. Hello, everybody. This is not a normal situation, is it? How are you? What a good-looking family.

Unidentified: Thank you.

Donald Trump: How did you produce those good-looking kids? Give me -- oh, they look like the wife. They look like the wife. How are you? Nice to see you. That's great. Thank you, man.

Unidentified: All right. Appreciate it.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.

Unidentified: Take this order right here.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Unidentified: Glad that we have you in Bucks County.

Donald Trump: And there'll be no charge. Trump is paying for it. Is that OK?

Unidentified: We love you. Donald Trump for 2024.

Donald Trump: This -- oh, you going to have some extra stuff.

Unidentified: Oh, OK. Great.

Donald Trump: This is -- this is all on Trump.

Unidentified: Oh, all on Trump.

Donald Trump: I'm allowed to do that, right?

Unidentified: Yes.

Donald Trump: Huh?

Unidentified: Let's check and make sure it's everything you said it would be.

Donald Trump: It better be. It's going to be the best you ever -- I made it myself.

Unidentified: You're the best. Make America great, Donald Trump.

Donald Trump: That's their order. Thank you, man.

Unidentified: Thanks, President Trump.

Donald Trump: Thank you. Thank you. Have a good time. Have a good time. That's --

Unidentified: Trump 2024.

Donald Trump: That's great, isn't it?

Unidentified: OK. And this is for the --

Donald Trump: How cute is --

Unidentified: Next car.

Donald Trump: OK. Next car?

Unidentified: Yeah. They get both the same.

Donald Trump: Do you like them both at the same time?

Unidentified: Yes, that is great.

Donald Trump: Hello. How are you? You're a good-looking guy.

Unidentified: Forty-five, 47.

Donald Trump: We love you. Come here, man. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. I will. I promise.

Unidentified: Thank you.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. That's --

Unidentified: Make America great again.

Donald Trump: That's on me, OK?

Unidentified: Thank you, sir.

Donald Trump: Have a good time. Thank you very much.

Unidentified: I'll see you in the White House.

Donald Trump: I'll see you -- I'll see you at the White House. Thank you. Thank you very much. Hello, fellas. Come on. We have another order coming up.

Unidentified: And this is their order.

Donald Trump: I mean, that's thousands of people. That's --

Unidentified: Oh, my God.

Donald Trump: Hello. How are you? What a beautiful woman. Look at her beautiful child, the whole thing. It's like the perfect-looking person. That's good. That's --

Unidentified: Oh, my God. It's an honor to meet you.

Donald Trump: That's a compliment. Thank you, darling.

Unidentified: Thank you.

Donald Trump: Thank you. Hi, Mom.

Unidentified: Good luck to you.

Donald Trump: Look at Mom over there. Thank you very much. Thank you, darling. You have a great mom. Good or great?

Unidentified: Great.

Donald Trump: That's right. She knew what to say. Thank you very much.

Unidentified: Thank you. Make America great again.

Donald Trump: Thank you, darling.

Unidentified: Thank you.

Donald Trump: Wow. So nice.

Unidentified: All right. You're doing a good job.

Donald Trump: OK. These are nice people we're meeting here.

Unidentified: Yes. And these are for your hands so your hands won't be too heavy.

Donald Trump: OK. Got it.

Unidentified: President Trump.

Donald Trump: There is -- look at this guy. I'm not going to mess with him.

Unidentified: How you doing, sir?

Donald Trump: You look fantastic. Hello.

Unidentified: This is my new baby boy.

Donald Trump: How are you? Your new baby?

Unidentified: Yeah.

Donald Trump: How are you?

Unidentified: We're doing great. This is my niece.

Donald Trump: How are you? So, this is compliments of me, OK?

Unidentified: All right.

Donald Trump: Here you go. Have a good time.

Unidentified: Thank you.

Donald Trump: Don't eat too much, right?

Unidentified: I won't. You have a great day, sir.

Donald Trump: Thank you, man. You take care. Thank you, honey. Have a good time. Thank you. It's cute. This is fun. I could do this all day. I wouldn't mind this job. I like this job. I think I might come back and do it again, actually.

Unidentified: Thank you. Hello, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Look at that. Look at that. How are you?

Unidentified: Thank you, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Nice to see you. Hi, darling. How are you?

Unidentified: You made it possible for ordinary people like us to meet you.

Donald Trump: You're not ordinary.

Unidentified: I mean, thank you so much for everything you're doing.

Donald Trump: You are not ordinary. I can see.

Unidentified: We pray for you, and --

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Unidentified: And you are the type of person we want to be the president.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.

Unidentified: Thank you so much.

Donald Trump: So nice.

Unidentified: Thank you very much for taking the bullet for us.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. Yeah, I took a bullet. That's right, I guess.

Unidentified: Thank you, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: When you think about it, I guess that's right.

Unidentified: Thank you.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. Beautiful wife.

Unidentified: One picture?

Donald Trump: Yes, go ahead. Go ahead.

Unidentified: Thank you so -- See you later. Thank you.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.

Unidentified: Have a good day. God bless you.

Donald Trump: Great honor.

Unidentified: Thank you.

Donald Trump: Have fun. Isn't that nice?

Unidentified: This will be your last order. Last order.

Donald Trump: Both of them?

Unidentified: Yes.

Donald Trump: OK. Hello, everybody.

Unidentified: It's crazy.

Donald Trump: I'm having a lot of fun here, everybody. Look at --

Unidentified: Oh, my God. Oh, my God.

Donald Trump: Look at the fake -- look at all the fake news over there. Hello, everybody.

Unidentified: You can take this, right?

Donald Trump: And you know this is compliments of Trump, OK?

Unidentified: Yes, thank you. Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Yes.

Unidentified: Please don't let the United States become Brazil, my native Brazil.

Donald Trump: Oh, we'll -- we'll keep it good.

Unidentified: Please, please, please.

Donald Trump: We're going to make it better than ever, OK?

Unidentified: Thank you.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.

Unidentified: Thank you. It was a pleasure, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Compliments of Trump.

Unidentified: Yes.

Donald Trump: Have a good time.

Unidentified: Thank you so much.

Donald Trump: Thank you over there. How you doing?

Unidentified: Oh, my God. You have a great --

Donald Trump: Have a -- have a good time.

Unidentified: Thank you. You, too.

Donald Trump: Nice to see you. Bye, darling. Have a good time. Thank you, honey.

Unidentified: Make America great again.

Donald Trump: How good are these people?

Question: Did you order anything yourself?

Donald Trump: I'm going to take plenty.

Question: Are you --

Donald Trump: I'm going to definitely have french -- french fries for the plane.

Question: Mr. President --

Donald Trump: Have you seen the people over there? That is thousands of people.

Unidentified: Well, it's down, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: That's great. How are you? Nice to see you.

Unidentified: Good to see you, sir.

Donald Trump: This is my guy. Great -- great cinematographer.

Question: How much are you getting paid?

Donald Trump: Not enough. I want more. I want more money. No, I'm big. I'll tell you what, it's a great franchise, it's a great company, and they've been very, very nice. And -- and, you know, if you look at really what's happening -- look at the crowd over there. Look how happy everybody is. They're happy because they want hope.

Donald Trump: They need hope, and that's what we're doing. That's what we're going to give, much more than hope.

Question: How good is the fry, President Trump?

Donald Trump: We're going to make -- we're going to take hope and make it fact.

Question: Mr. President, you actually have worked at McDonald's now versus --

Donald Trump: Now, I have worked at McDonald's. I've now worked for 15 minutes more than Kamala, OK? She -- she never worked here. I've now worked 15 minutes more than Kamala. So, it's good.

Unidentified: You can put it on your resume.

Donald Trump: I worked at McDonald's.

Question: Why would you --

Donald Trump: I'm going to say -- why? Because she's lying Kamala, that's why. Why would she lie? She shouldn't lie about it. McDonald's confirmed four times now she never worked -- she never worked here. But that's -- let's not talk about that. It's an amazing business. It's an amazing country, and we're going to make America greater than ever before.

Donald Trump: We're going to do it. And it's companies like this. Look at the enthusiasm. I mean, that's thousands of people over there. They go miles back. That's incredible. So, look at that.

Question: Are you going to be at Aaron Rodgers at the Jets [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: We'll be at the Pittsburgh game tonight, and we look forward to it, and it should be a good game. And, yeah. Good team. They have a great coach, Pittsburgh, great coach. And we'll see how it is. Going to be an interesting game.

Question: [Inaudible] Mr. President? [Inaudible] that people make early on, try to make a break [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: Well, this is a great job to take at the beginning, and it -- it requires expertise. I'm going through the french fry stuff. It's a whole -- it's a whole big process, and it requires great expertise, actually, to do it right and to do it -- and to do it fast. Yeah?

Question: Do you appreciate McDonald's more now? Do you appreciate McDonald's more now that you've worked here?

Donald Trump: Well, I do appreciate it maybe a little bit more, yeah. I -- I --you take it for granted. You say, give me french fries. I'll never forget this experience, OK? Now, I know how to do it, and it's very good. But you know what, it's beautiful. It's clean. It's really nice. You never touch them. I always figured somebody stuffs them in with their hand, and I don't like that.

Donald Trump: And they don't do it that way. They -- you never touch them. It's really great. So, I want to thank you all for coming out, and we're going to see you soon. We'll see you at the next stop, and then we'll see you later on at the game.

Question: What do you think of Pennsylvania?

Donald Trump: I love Pennsylvania. I went to school at the Wharton School at -- at Penn. So, I love -- I love Pennsylvania, always have.

Question: Mr. President, are you going to the Trump store? It's around the corner. It's about two miles down.

Donald Trump: They have a Trump store?

Question: Yes, sir.

Donald Trump: I'd love to go. I don't know. If Secret Service could work it out, I'd go there. How about that? Can we do that? Can we go to the Trump store? They have a Trump store.

Unidentified: Here?

Donald Trump: I don't know. People open up Trump stores all over the country, and they're beautiful. It's two blocks down, they say.

Unidentified: It's close.

Donald Trump: Check it out.

Unidentified: It'll take 15 minutes. We'll take a look, sir.

Donald Trump: I'd -- I'd do it in two seconds. They have Trump stores all over the place. I get nothing out of it. You know what I get? The presidency out of it. That's all I get. Anyway, I love these people. They opened up the Trump store, they do great, and that makes me feel good. Thank you, all. We're going to take a look at the Trump store.

Donald Trump: If Secret Service can do it, I'm doing it. I like the idea. We have plenty of time.

Question: What's your takeout order? What's your takeout order?

Donald Trump: I don't know. What do you want? Do you want something while you're there?

Unidentified: French fries. Can I have something?

Donald Trump: I'll tell you what, how about if we gave you some french fries, all right?

Unidentified: There we go.

Donald Trump: Are you a -- that's sort of a bribe, but I think a bribe for a buck is OK, right? I'm going to get you some french fries. Somebody come up here and take them.

Question: Are you [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: Let's get them some french fries, OK? This is for the fake news. These guys don't get any. They're too -- they're nice and warm and comfortable, right? All right. Good. Give me a couple more on that. Oh, you're very stingy with that product. Look at that. She's a good worker. You want to have that. That's the kind of people you want to have at work.

Donald Trump: She gave them one french fry for 30 reporters outside.

Unidentified: Would you like two in a bag?

Donald Trump: Two in a bag, yeah.

Unidentified: OK.

Donald Trump: Two in a bag.

Unidentified: Thank you.

Donald Trump: We'll throw them out the window. We'll go.

Unidentified: Here you go.

Donald Trump: Are you having a good time today, everybody? It's pretty good, right? Pretty good. No, a lot of people look forward. They kept saying when are you going to McDonald's? And I said let's do it. So, that's it. And we have the owner, and we have a man that's a friend of mine, that's a great guy. How many McDonald's do you own?

Unidentified: I don't own. I just set this up. I'm the health club [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: Yeah, yeah, but -- well, don't they go well? I know you're in the health club. I thought you -- what you do is you eat McDonald's and you go to the health club.

Unidentified: Yeah. I gave you the [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: It works actually pretty good. Thank you, darling. That's good. Here you go. It's still happening. There's -- there's plenty of them in there for you, OK?

Question: All right. Thanks.

Donald Trump: You want to move them back? Yeah, you.

Question: Sure. Sure.

Donald Trump: Here you go.

Question: What do you think, this will move the needle for you in Pennsylvania?

Donald Trump: I don't know. I'm doing very well. We're leading by quite a bit. She has no fracking. She's never -- never -- she's going to -- she's going to have no fracking. That's going to cost Pennsylvania 500,000 jobs and the revenues untold -- untold.

Question: How do you connect best with voters?

Donald Trump: I think just by being myself. I want to be myself. All I want to do is be myself. They know what they're having. We have the best economy ever. We had the strongest borders ever. We had a military that knocked out ISIS in a few weeks as opposed to years, which they were thinking it would take. We beat ISIS in literally record time, very quickly and decisively.

Donald Trump: And we did a great job. But we had the greatest economy ever. We had the best border ever.

Question: Being conciliatory versus confrontational, how do you separate that out in your life?

Donald Trump: Well, I always like to be conciliatory, but sometimes confrontation is important. And as an example, when you negotiate with other countries when they've been ripping you off for years because our country has been ripped off for years and years with -- with other countries and by other countries, even our friends.

Donald Trump: And we've changed a lot of those trade deals, and we're going to change the rest. But we're going to bring -- we're going to bring jobs back to our country.

Question: Either way, will you accept the results of the election?

Donald Trump: Yeah, sure, if it's a fair election, always. I would always accept it if it's -- if it's going to be a fair election. We're leading in all the polls now. We're leading in every swing state, and we're doing well. And it's -- no, I don't think so. I don't think so. In fact, they just had an RCP, said we're 93.

Donald Trump: 2 percent chance of winning. I think that's pretty good. So, we'll see.

Question: Those are good odds.

Donald Trump: We'll see. Those are pretty good odds. I like that. I like that. I'll take that right now, right?

Question: All right.

Donald Trump: So, thank you very much.

Question: Sir -- CBS [Inaudible] Hi.

Donald Trump: Who -- who are you with?

Question: I am -- I'm Eva. I'm with CBS, Philadelphia.

Donald Trump: CBS. Are they the ones that did "60 Minutes?"

Question: Yes. Yes.

Donald Trump: Are they the ones that changed her answer to make it positive?

Question: I'm not with the network. I'm local.

Donald Trump: Well, it's the same thing. OK.

Question: So, well, we actually aren't the same thing, but when some people say that Harris might be more unifying --

Donald Trump: Unifying? I think she's the most divisive person I've ever seen.

Question: How so?

Donald Trump: And she lies about her job applications, and she -- she's -- she's told some horrible lies, but she's a very divisive person. And I think it shows up in the polls. Yeah. I think I'm the one that brings everyone together. And we had the greatest economy we've ever had. We had the best job numbers ever.

Donald Trump: We had the best border ever. The Border Patrol, by the way, for those that haven't heard, the Border Patrol a couple of days ago gave us their complete and total endorsement. They said, "Trump was the best president we've ever had," and they said, "She was the worst we've ever seen at the border." She did -- the job she did on the border -- and that really breaks our country apart.

Question: Why did you come to Bucks County?

Donald Trump: They allowed -- they allowed -- they allowed so many people into the country, 21 million people, 13,000 of which were murderers, released from prisons all over the world. We can't have that. Thank you all very much for coming. Thank you very much. Here you go. Thank you.

Question: [Inaudible]

Unidentified: Thank you for some french fries.

Donald Trump: Thank you. Grab some before you lose them.

Question: Was the ice cream machine dirty?

Donald Trump: He's my kind of guy. Do you want ice cream? I'll get you some ice cream. Everything working good. You're doing a great job. She's doing a good job?

Unidentified: Yes, he is. Sir --

Donald Trump: Thank you, everybody. So, we'll see you at the next stop, but I hope you're going to grab that crowd because they say it's about 10 -- how many, 10,000? How many, TikTok Jack? TikTok -- tell me, how many hits do we have on TikTok? Ten billion views. And that's TikTok Jack. He's become -- actually, he's become very, very famous.

Question: What was Bibi calling about?

Donald Trump: Yeah, Bibi called me this morning, and he's obviously got things going well. He -- he will call me on occasion. I think he likes to hear what I have to say. Yesterday morning and a couple of -- couple of days before that.

Question: He'll hold off on the [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: I can't tell you that. That I can't tell you. That -- it wouldn't -- it would be very inappropriate, but they're certainly in a better position. And fortunately, they didn't listen to Biden and to Harris. You know who Harris is, right? Kamala. They wanted to -- they didn't want him to do this. And, you know, Israel is much safer now than it would have been if they hadn't done it.

Donald Trump: So, they -- they did not listen to Biden or Harris, OK? So, we're going to -- we're going to the next stop.

Unidentified: Thank you, press. Thank you for the fries. Thank you, press.

Donald Trump: Well, I think this. I think these people who work hard. They're great. And I just saw something, a process, that's beautiful. It's a beautiful thing to see. These are great franchises and produce a lot of jobs, and it's great. And great people working here, too. Really, really good people. So, yes, ma'am.

Question: Today is Kamala's birthday.

Unidentified: Yeah.

Donald Trump: It's Kamala's birthday? She's 60 years old? Yes, I would say happy birthday, Kamala. She's turning 60.

Question: Did you get her some fries?

Donald Trump: I think I'll get her some flowers. Maybe I'll get her some fries, right? That might be -- I'll give her -- give her some McDonald's. I'll get her a McDonald's hamburger. No, it is her birthday. That is true, right? Happy birthday, Kamala. Happy birthday. See you later. Bye. Thank you, everybody.

Unidentified: Mr. Trump, thank you very much.

Donald Trump: This is a strange place to do a news conference. Wasn't that a strange place to do a news conference? I want to thank you very much for the use of your beautiful store. It's essentially a store. And that's great. So, you know about the Trump store down the block? It's nice. Are we going to be able to go there?

Unidentified: It's about 30 minutes down the road.

Donald Trump: Oh, 30 minutes. That's not down. That's a long way. We'll pay our regards, right? Good job. Thank you very much. How long have you had it?

Derek Giacomantonio: This location, about a year. I've been an operator for 12 years.

Donald Trump: I see. So, it's a good location.

Derek Giacomantonio: Yes.

Donald Trump: Are you going to be able to grab the 10,000 people outside and maybe -- that's a lot of people, right? You got to say, that's impressive, isn't it? Very impressive. Thank you, all. Who are you with, NBC?

Unidentified: CBS, sir.

Donald Trump: Oh, CBS. You mean the home of "60 Minutes?"

Unidentified: I work there.

Donald Trump: They did a bad thing. They got caught. They got caught with their hand in the cookie jar, as they say. That wasn't good, "60 Minutes." Don't worry, they won't put this on. I -- have a good time. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you, Derek.

Unidentified: Thank you, press.