Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-grocery-store-kittanning-pennsylvania-september-23-2024

Unidentified: Sir, Mr. Ryan Sprankle.

Donald Trump: Ryan? How are you?

Ryan Sprankle: Good [inaudible] pleasure meeting you, sir. [inaudible]

Donald Trump: Hey, thank you. [inaudible]

Unidentified: [inaudible]

Donald Trump: [inaudible]

Unidentified: Good. How are you? Good to see you, sir. Yeah.

Donald Trump: We have the fake news over there.

Unidentified: Absolutely. [inaudible]

Donald Trump: Everything good? Everything OK?

Unidentified: Great to have you here. Thanks for coming to town.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.

Unidentified: We appreciate you.

Donald Trump: [inaudible]

Ryan Sprankle: It's been -- it's been a challenge.

Unidentified: Well, thank you for [inaudible]

Ryan Sprankle: Welcome to Sprankle's Market.

Donald Trump: It's a beautiful market.

Ryan Sprankle: Thank you. Thank you very much.

Donald Trump: [inaudible] a long time.

Ryan Sprankle: We've been at it about 26 years.

Donald Trump: Wow.

Ryan Sprankle: My father started it.

Donald Trump: Yeah. I may take a trip around and get some stuff. This is what I like.

Ryan Sprankle: I appreciate that.

Donald Trump: I -- and I really need it after we finish with these lovely people.

Ryan Sprankle: I appreciate it, sir.

Donald Trump: So, I want to thank Brian, his market. It's a great market, too, and very well -- does a good job. So, did you know the $148, Brian, more for one month in food and almost $2,000 a year more for the typical family for food? Eggs are up 54 percent. You believe that?

Ryan Sprankle: It's brutal --

Donald Trump: Cereals is up 23 percent. Bread is up 24 percent. Ground beef is up 28 percent, Steaks are up 28 percent. Bacon is through the roof. Bacon, I won't even say. I heard numbers on bacon that -- I don't eat bacon anymore.

Ryan Sprankle: [inaudible] bacon [inaudible] we used to use brew -- we used to use bacon as a draw to the store.

Donald Trump: Right.

Ryan Sprankle: Now, we got to be careful [inaudible]

Donald Trump: Nobody -- I don't want it. It's too expensive.

Ryan Sprankle: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Chicken is way up. Canned fruits are up 27 percent. Butter is up 30 percent. Crackers -- who would think of it, crackers. Crackers are up 40 percent. Oh, that's terrible. So, it costs a typical household, $28,000. Think of that. Kamala cast a tie-breaking vote on so many different things that have been so bad for our nation because record inflation, her votes cost us record inflation.

Donald Trump: She won't do an interview because one of two reasons. One reason is she's not very smart. The other reason is she doesn't know how to talk about inflation. But they caused inflation at a number that nobody can believe. We've never seen numbers like this. So, do you have any -- these are the numbers. Do you have any questions? It's a nice group today.

Ryan Sprankle: Yeah.

Donald Trump: This is -- this is the nicest group I've ever seen. Is everybody paying a nice price?

Ryan Sprankle: [inaudible] nice people [inaudible]

Unidentified: Yes.

Donald Trump: It's not his fault.

Unidentified: It's not.

Donald Trump: It's not -- it's not Brian's fault. Anyway, thank you very much. We're going to make a big speech at 7 o'clock. I know you're going to be there. I think you'll like it. I hope you'll like it, but it's very important. So, we're in Pennsylvania, we're doing a good job. We're doing a lot of stops. I think we're way ahead.

Donald Trump: I think we're way ahead. Kamala doesn't want fracking. How do you like that idea, Brian? You don't know too much about fracking, but it sounds no good.

Ryan Sprankle: Around here, there's a lot of jobs at stake. I can tell you that much. I have a lot of friends in the business. There's a lot of jobs at stake.

Donald Trump: Five hundred thousand [inaudible]

Ryan Sprankle: Between that and the mining. There's a lot of jobs at stake.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Ryan Sprankle: A lot of people who shop here every day.

Donald Trump: She gets in, the whole place is going bust. And I'm talking about not only your store. I'm talking about the whole country. Thank you. I'm going to see you at 7 o'clock. We're doing a big speech, an important one.

Question: Mr. President, today went really well, it seems like. A lot of farmers that were there to --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Question: I mean everybody was super touched by what you had to say and just opening up the table to be able to talk to them. What did it mean to you to be out there? And even the journey up here, just seeing the land as you -- their land as you're traveling.

Donald Trump: It's beautiful. And the crowds, what about the crowds? Did you see outside? I bet you've never seen a crowd like that.

Ryan Sprankle: We tried to keep it quiet.

Unidentified: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Well, that didn't work. I'm so honored by the crowds because. This was -- we're talking about thousands of people, and you people saw it. This group over here, I've never seen anything like it. In a beautiful but small area town, I think that when you look at what's happened to this state, when you look at what they've done to the country, with the border, millions of people coming in from prisons and jails from mental institutions from insane asylums, millions of people, terrorists pouring into our country, and you see it all over.

Donald Trump: You see what's going on in Ohio. You see what's going on in Aurora in Colorado. The mayor, he's -- they don't know what to do. Nobody knows what to do. They're being invaded by very tough people. Many came out of jails, many came out of gangs in Caracas but from all over the world. Caracas, Venezuela, crime is down 70 percent because they took their criminals out of the town.

Donald Trump: They took them out of the town. They took them out of the cities, and they moved them into the United States of America. Think of it. You really have to think this because I mean, I say it a lot, but I'm saying it now on live television. They come out of jails, prisons. They come -- there's a slight difference.

Donald Trump: One is tougher than the other. They come out of mental institutions, insane asylums. And they're terrorists and they're traffickers in women, they're traffickers in drugs and in children. And they're dumping them -- they're criminals, they're dumping them into our country, and they're taking over our towns and cities.

Donald Trump: Look at New York, look at Chicago. But look at the small towns, we can't let this happen. They are ruining our country. We can't let it happen. I'm in this beautiful town. We saw so many nice, incredible people. You can't let these -- they have AK-47s. They have -- they have better equipment than some militaries have.

Donald Trump: We have to get them out of our country. These are criminals. These are not people that are going to make America great again. These are people that are going to destroy America. And Biden -- I don't think Biden knows anything about it. I actually don't think he has a clue. But the radical left that are controlling our country right now, they're destroying our country.

Donald Trump: And we have to get those people out of here. We have to get criminals out of the United States of America. We can't have it. Thank you very much.

Question: Mr. Trump, do you think you'll do another debate?

Donald Trump: I've done two debates. We've had great success with the debates. I've done many debates. I think 21 altogether, but I've done two. I had Biden. And after that, he had to drop out. He shouldn't have dropped out, to be honest. He got 14 million votes. She got none. He dropped out. We had a very successful second debate.

Donald Trump: And based on the numbers, because if you saw the numbers today, they were just released even by the New York Times. We picked up Arizona, way up in Arizona. And we're way up in Nevada. We're way up in a lot of different states, the swing states. And I think, overall, if you are -- a very respected poll is Rasmussen, and they have us 8 up nationally.

Donald Trump: So, we're doing very well. I think based on the results largely of the debate. But it's really not that. It's based on the fact that this woman is not capable. She was on Oprah, and she couldn't answer the most basic question. We've gone through four years of that. We're not going to go through another four years of that.

Donald Trump: She couldn't answer any questions that were -- nobody knew what she was even talking about, and she didn't know what she was talking about. We had four years of that. Our country has gone to hell. Inflation, crime, look at the crime numbers. And this lightweight, David Muir, corrected me on the crime when I said our numbers are through the roof.

Donald Trump: And today, the crime numbers got just released, and they are through the roof, higher than I said. He corrected me. He said, "No, crime has gone down." Only a stupid person would say crime has gone down. You don't have to know anything about numbers. If you live in this country, you know crime has gone up.

Donald Trump: And today, it was reaffirmed that I was right in the debate. Crime has gone way up. They're through the roof. And a lot of it now is a new crime that we didn't know about. It's called migrant crime. They've come over from other countries, and not just South America, from the Congo and Africa. We have people from jails in the Congo and Africa.

Donald Trump: They're now in our country. But they come from -- from all over. They come from Africa, Asia. They come from -- they do come, I must say, they're coming from Europe and they're coming from the Middle East. And the ones that are coming are many peoples from jail -- people from jail. They're releasing people out of their jails because they want to get their jail populations down.

Donald Trump: And if you take a look at Venezuela as an example, they're taking their criminals off the streets. They're bringing them into the United States of America. We don't want this. They're emptying their jails into the United States and their crime is down 72 percent. But we have their people, and those people are the people that are attacking real estate.

Donald Trump: I mean, they're taking over real estate in Aurora, Colorado. So, we don't want that. We have a country that's being destroyed by these people. These people -- nobody can understand it. What -- what good can come out of what they're doing? They are destroying our country. Then, you add inflation to it, and you add the bad economy.

Donald Trump: And you talk to the people right here that are paying 30, 40, 50 percent more for their groceries, which I think I can say is right. Am I right?

Unidentified: Yes. That's correct. That's right.

Donald Trump: It's a disgrace, it's a disgrace. We're going to win the election. We're going to turn the country around. We're going to get energy prices way down. That's going to bring other prices way down. And we're going to take care of crime. We're going to stop the crime. And we're going to deport the criminals that have been brought into our country.

Donald Trump: They're going back to the jails from which they came. Thank you very much. Thank you.

Ryan Sprankle: Thank you, sir.

Donald Trump: [inaudible]

Ryan Sprankle: [inaudible]

Donald Trump: It's so long that I've walked to the store -- oh, Selena --

Ryan Sprankle: You [inaudible]

Donald Trump: You were hiding back there. How are you?

Unidentified: I'm little.

Donald Trump: You know -- but you have great hair. She does have great hair.

Question: What would you purchase at a store like this, sir?

Donald Trump: I don't know. I -- you know, because of what I do, I haven't been in these stores in a long time.

Unidentified: [inaudible]

Donald Trump: I'll buy one for my little grandchildren.

Ryan Sprankle: President Trump, whatever you purchase, you would have been better off purchasing it five years ago.

Donald Trump: I bet five years ago would have been much better.

Ryan Sprankle: [inaudible]

Donald Trump: Oh, wow. Wow.

Ryan Sprankle: Wild.

Donald Trump: So, those are high prices.

Ryan Sprankle: Man, that's facts.

Donald Trump: And you have people that just say, "I can't do it," right? Let me tell the story. There's a woman --

Ryan Sprankle: Yeah, that's true.

Donald Trump: Who came in with three apples. She put them down at the cash register and she realized she couldn't afford three. And she went -- went back. And that shouldn't be this country.

Ryan Sprankle: Yeah.

Donald Trump: She brought one back and she bought two instead of three. That shouldn't be this country. Let's take a walk around your store.

Ryan Sprankle: Yeah, I'll show you around, yeah.

Donald Trump: I want to buy -- I love this.

Ryan Sprankle: We -- we have -- we added this a couple of years ago. This is our sushi case. That's Chef [inaudible] from Burma.

Donald Trump: Hi, Chef.

Unidentified: Yeah.

Ryan Sprankle: He came from Burma.

Donald Trump: Is he a great chef? I bet.

Ryan Sprankle: Oh, I'm biased, but he's the best. And I'll tell you what. I've had people who have had sushi everywhere. They say chef's sushi is the best.

Donald Trump: That's great. You want some -- anybody want anything? You want a little bit? Sushi. He's a good chef. I can see it. Let's walk this way.

Ryan Sprankle: Yeah, sure. Yeah.

Donald Trump: Let's walk this way.

Ryan Sprankle: Sure.

Donald Trump: I love it.

Ryan Sprankle: Yeah.

Donald Trump: It's a nice store.

Ryan Sprankle: I appreciate -- I appreciate that. It means a lot. It means a lot.

Donald Trump: It's beautiful.

Ryan Sprankle: I've been -- I've been --

Donald Trump: [inaudible]

Ryan Sprankle: I've been to a few of your stores, too. They're pretty good.

Donald Trump: Yeah. They're pretty good. They are some pretty good stores, are they?

Ryan Sprankle: They're pretty good stores.

Donald Trump: Yeah, this is great.

Ryan Sprankle: My kids -- my kids -- my kids love going to the Trump Tower.

Donald Trump: That's great. That's a great place.

Ryan Sprankle: And that's one of their favorite. Look, I'm trying to catch up, you know. I only got a [inaudible] machines. I'm trying to catch up.

Donald Trump: Oh, that's pretty good, yeah. You opened a little casino.

Ryan Sprankle: Yeah, well, you know, in all honesty, with the inflation the way it is, you have to create other -- other forms of revenue.

Donald Trump: I mean this is actually quite a store, isn't it?

Ryan Sprankle: Yeah, we got -- it's funny. It's 10,000 square foot. We're up against 150,000 square-foot monsters.

Donald Trump: But you're doing OK.

Ryan Sprankle: But we just -- we got to be official with what we got. That's what we said.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Ryan Sprankle: We got to be official.

Donald Trump: You have good product. I can see it.

Ryan Sprankle: We got good product, and we got, honestly, the best crew in the world. We got the best crew.

Donald Trump: So, how do you do against the big stores? How do you do?

Ryan Sprankle: You know, I'm very proud because every year, we've been up, except for the -- except for the last three years because of this inflation.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Ryan Sprankle: It's exactly what you said.

Donald Trump: Inflation's killing it.

Ryan Sprankle: The prices are up, but our sales are down. So, we've had to get super creative in how we use our space to try to --

Donald Trump: So, prices go up, and yet, your sales are down.

Ryan Sprankle: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Ryan Sprankle: So -- so, it's been brutal just to try to -- thankfully, I have a great crew, great staff, my family.

Donald Trump: How long has this been open?

Ryan Sprankle: We've been in business 25 years.

Donald Trump: Wow.

Ryan Sprankle: We bought it -- we bought it -- this store where you're standing has been a grocery store since 1929.

Donald Trump: Wow, that's great.

Ryan Sprankle: Yeah.

Donald Trump: That's beautiful.

Ryan Sprankle: It's pretty crazy.

Donald Trump: I hope the press got the crowd outside. Did you see the people? Did you see the number of people?

Ryan Sprankle: I mean, I've never seen --

Donald Trump: I wish they reported it. If the press were honest, they'd report it. But that -- we got a number of people out there --

Ryan Sprankle: It's crazy.

Donald Trump: You know, we come to an area that's beautiful to me. I love this way of life. No crime, no problems, right? They don't have muggings. They don't know what a mugging is. But you look outside and you look at the number of people, who would think that, right? It's thousands of people outside.

Ryan Sprankle: I've never seen that many people in this town. I've never seen [inaudible]

Donald Trump: If anyone comes that's a bigger celebrity, you're going to have to let me know about it.

Ryan Sprankle: I will do that.

Donald Trump: Thank you, everybody. We're going to see you people at 7 o'clock, I think, right?

Unidentified: Yes, sir. Thank you, sir.

Donald Trump: Oh, look, I got to get some.

Unidentified: We should get ahead of him.

Donald Trump: We got [inaudible]

Unidentified: My mom just got a bag of that, actually.

Donald Trump: It's good. Is it good stuff, good? I'll bet --

Unidentified: She says it's the best.

Donald Trump: Is that the best?

Unidentified: She says it's the best.

Donald Trump: If it is, I'll be sending -- I'll be in Washington, DC, hopefully in the Oval Office. I'll send for popcorn. OK?

Unidentified: Appreciate that. I appreciate that. Yeah, they say it's the best. It's OK. [inaudible]

Donald Trump: Very low-key media, Susie Wiles is here. She's low key. Her father was Pat Summerall, great, great announcer, great football player. I would say this, a very good football player and a great announcer. Does that make sense?

Susie Wiles: Yeah, yup.

Donald Trump: I mean, he was very good. I don't know if he was -- I don't want to use the word OJ, OJ Simpson.

Susie Wiles: No, no, no.

Donald Trump: I don't know if he was OJ.

Susie Wiles: No.

Donald Trump: And there's Steven, Steven Cheung.

Susie Wiles: [inaudible]

Donald Trump: We have the whole group. Where's Chris? Is he here?

Susie Wiles: He's here.

Donald Trump: Chris, where are you? He's buying food. It's a nice store, though, isn't it?

Susie Wiles: Good thing.

Donald Trump: Yeah. But turn the cameras on her. She's running the campaign. She's doing a fantastic job.

Ryan Sprankle: It's funny when I -- when I was growing up some, Summerall-Madden, it was --

Donald Trump: That was it.

Ryan Sprankle: It was like if you were -- if you were on Sunday in any of the households I was ever in as a kid, Summerall-Madden was the voice you hear.

Donald Trump: The best.

Susie Wiles: Absolutely.

Ryan Sprankle: Every once in a while, grandma yelling at people, you know, but getting people in line, but Summerall-Madden, man.

Donald Trump: That's right. She's got good genetics.

Ryan Sprankle: Yeah, you do. Yeah, your father was amazing.

Unidentified: OK. [inaudible] [inaudible] [inaudible]

Donald Trump: Let's see. Three years, grocery stores, about 70 -- 70 percent. That's not good.

Unidentified: No.

Donald Trump: Unfortunately [inaudible] remember it? You doing OK?

Unidentified: I am.

Donald Trump: Have a good time. Thank you.

Unidentified: Thank you.

Donald Trump: We got to get them down. We'll get them down.

Ryan Sprankle: Thank you. Thank you. My nan -- my nan -- President Trump, my nan came in -- President Trump, I want to introduce you to my nan, Kerry Welsh [ph]

Donald Trump: You say the nan.

Ryan Sprankle: My nan, my grandma, my grandma, yeah. She came in --

Unidentified: And so I get a picture with you?

Ryan Sprankle: She came into town today. She came into town today.

Donald Trump: [inaudible]

Unidentified: OK.

Donald Trump: Come on. Do you have a camera?

Unidentified: I do. One -- perfect.

Donald Trump: You had a good boy there, right? Great grandson.

Unidentified: I see you all the time. You're on TV [inaudible] you're wonderful.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.

Unidentified: And keep --

Donald Trump: He's doing a good job.

Unidentified: He is. I have --

Donald Trump: Beautiful grandma.

Ryan Sprankle: She is, I mean, she's -- yeah.

Donald Trump: [inaudible]

Ryan Sprankle: I've -- she -- she always thought she was my mom, you know.

Donald Trump: Have a good time. Thank you.

Unidentified: Thank you.

Donald Trump: Thank you, everybody. Thank you. Everything good? You're making a lot of money, correct?

Unidentified: Yeah.

Ryan Sprankle: These are some of the best crew in the world.

Donald Trump: Good. Hello, everybody.

Unidentified: Hello.

Donald Trump: So -- that's very nice, very nice. Nice crew. Here, just put that up. I -- they took something. This is more than enough. If you have anything left over, just take it as tips, OK?

Unidentified: Thank you, President Trump. [inaudible]

Donald Trump: You guys, take it, give it to the rest of the store.

Unidentified: All right.

Donald Trump: OK. Don't worry about the product, just take it as a tip, OK?

Ryan Sprankle: She's trying to feed her family [inaudible] little boys.

Donald Trump: Hey, how's it going?

Unidentified: Good, expensive. Yeah.

Donald Trump: Give me one. Just give me one. Here.

Unidentified: Thank you, President Trump.

Donald Trump: It just went down 100 bucks.

Unidentified: Thank you so much.

Donald Trump: We'll do that for you from the White House, all right?

Unidentified: Thank you.

Donald Trump: All right, bye. Nice seeing you, everybody.

Unidentified: God bless you.

Donald Trump: Beautiful.

Unidentified: Thank you, President. Thank you.

Donald Trump: They're your kids.

Unidentified: Yep. Yeah, they are. Three boys.

Donald Trump: Perfecto. Perfecto. Bye, everybody.

Ryan Sprankle: Hey, President Trump. I'd like to introduce you to one more person [inaudible] if i can.

Donald Trump: Thank you, great seeing you.

Ryan Sprankle: My family. I appreciate you [inaudible]

Donald Trump: [inaudible]

Cole Sprankle: I'm Cole.

Ryan Sprankle: That's my son, Cole.

Donald Trump: Are you a good athlete?

Cole Sprankle: I'm pretty good. I'm -- I try my best. I try my best.

Donald Trump: You look -- you look very good.

Cole Sprankle: Thank you.

Ryan Sprankle: You'll appreciate this, family business, he started the whole thing. Randy Sprankle, my dad, yeah.

Donald Trump: Oh, really. Wow.

Ryan Sprankle: Yep.

Ryan Sprankle: He taught me everything I know, you know.

Donald Trump: Congratulations. [inaudible] I know stores. This is a good store.

Ryan Sprankle: My brother, Doug.

Doug Sprankle: Doug Sprankle.

Donald Trump: Thank you. Oh, good. Nice seeing you, Doug.

Unidentified: I'm [inaudible]

Donald Trump: How are you?

Unidentified: Hi. Tiffany.

Donald Trump: Hi, Tiffany. Nice seeing you.

Unidentified: You, too.

Ryan Sprankle: These guys are some best management crew you could ask for.

Donald Trump: So, have you ever seen a crowd like that outside?

Unidentified: No. No, sir. Never. Thank you. Awesome.

Donald Trump: I was a little surprised. That is thousands of people.

Ryan Sprankle: Crazy, crazy. I've never seen --

Donald Trump: And we got to meet a lot of people. Well, make sure they all vote for Trump, please. OK?

Unidentified: Yes, sir. Definitely.

Donald Trump: We'll get costs down, wages up.

Ryan Sprankle: Absolutely.

Donald Trump: We got to do the wages up, all right?

Ryan Sprankle: Absolutely.

Donald Trump: Have a good time.

Ryan Sprankle: Thank you, sir.

Donald Trump: Great to be with you. Thank you very much, Brian.

Ryan Sprankle: I appreciate it very much. I really do.

Donald Trump: You take care of yourself.

Ryan Sprankle: Great meeting you.

Donald Trump: Great guy.

Ryan Sprankle: Yeah, thank you.

Donald Trump: Great guy. OK, thank you everybody. I'll see you at 7 o'clock. Thank you.

Ryan Sprankle: Thank you, sir.

Unidentified: [inaudible]

Donald Trump: OK.

Unidentified: [inaudible] [inaudible]