Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-executive-order-gender-sports-february-5-2025

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. This is a nice crowd, isn't it, huh? You've been waiting a long time for this. So have I actually -- it's so ridiculous, but here we are -- and this doesn't have to be long. It's just all about common sense, doesn't have to be long. In a few moments I'll sign a historic executive order to ban men from competing in women's sports.

Donald Trump: It's about time. Under the Trump administration, we will defend the proud tradition of female athletes, and we will not allow men to beat up, injure and cheat our women and our girls. From now on women's sports will be only for women. But before going further, I want to share some very exciting news from our military.

Donald Trump: After years of shrinking force numbers at levels that nobody has ever seen before, four years of this we went through, and missed recruiting targets every single month. It was just announced that in December the US Army had its single best recruitment in more than 15 years.

Donald Trump: Every single day, nearly 350 new soldiers enlisted to defend our nation and they're very, very happy to have done so. We've done lots of interviews and we asked why this was taking place now and they just said there's a spirit about our country that they haven't seen in many, many years and I happen to agree with that.

Donald Trump: But it really is clear proof that the spirit is sweeping our armed forces, and we have a great leader in Pete, as you know. We all know Pete so well; he's going to be fantastic. And so many of our great heroes and people are starting to understand what hero is all about. So, that is something that is very important.

Donald Trump: We've gotten the woke lunacy out of our military and now we're, very importantly, getting it out of women's sports. That's taken place very strongly. So, in recent years, the radical left has waged an all-out campaign to erase the very concept of biological sex and replace it with a militant transgender ideology.

Donald Trump: You've heard a little bit about this, haven't you? Just a little bit. Does anybody agree with them?

Unidentified: No.

Donald Trump: It would be not a good thing to say yes right here. Female athletes have been forced onto the front lines and men claiming to be girls have stolen more than 3,500 victories -- that's a lot -- and invaded more than 11,000 competitions designed for women. Last year, a male cyclist posing as a woman competed in the 800-mile Arizona Trail Race, a very big deal in cycling, and obliterated the women's course record by nearly 5.5 hours.

Donald Trump: It sounds like a lot, doesn't it, huh? 5.5 hours? So -- but you have to hear the weightlifting records they've -- you think that's bad, the weightlifting is worse. In 2023, a man and women's power lifting broke two world records and outlifted his closest female opponent in one event by 440 pounds [Laughter]. And they continue to defend themselves, Mr. Congressman, you know that, right?

Donald Trump: They continue to defend themselves. We hope they continue onward because I don't think we can lose a race. This was one of the big reasons that we all wanted -- one of the big reasons that we had a record, a landslide like they haven't seen before -- very often anyway. And who could forget last year's Paris Olympics where a male boxer stole the woman's gold medal after brutalizing his female opponent so viciously that she had to forfeit just after 46 seconds, and she was a championship fighter.

Donald Trump: And actually, they had two women or two people that transitioned and both of them won gold medals and they won them very convincingly. But all of that ends today because with this executive order, the war on women's sports is over. It should have been done long ago. Actually --

Note: [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: Thank you. Thank you very much. With my action this afternoon, we are putting every school receiving taxpayer dollars on notice that if you let men take over women's sports teams, or invade your locker rooms, you will be investigated for violations of Title IX and risk your federal funding. There will be no federal funding.

Donald Trump: So, this will effectively end the attack on female athletes at public K-12 schools and virtually all US colleges and universities. I don't think we've missed anything, but if we do, we'll make it up very quickly with an order. And I don't think we will at all. I want to -- before we go on, I want to thank so many people that have worked so hard in the political establishment and they're before me largely.

Donald Trump: And I'm going to -- I think I'm going to miss a few. It always happens when you do this, but it's just one of those things. But we have many senators here, many governors here, many state attorney generals here. They're all over the place, actually, I see. Some of them went after me, but they failed [Laughter]. And they're really friends and they're friends of women's sports, that I can tell you.

Donald Trump: So, Senator Marsha Blackburn, where's Marsha? Hi. Senator Katie Britt. Thank you, Katie. Mike Lee, where's Mike? Mike? I love his new haircut. I love that haircut, Mike [Laughter]. He just said the hell with it, right? I think you look great. Senator Cynthia Lummis. Cynthia, where are you? Cynthia? Hi, Cynthia.

Donald Trump: Doing a good job. And Roger Marshall, thank you, Roger. Great. Markwayne Mullin, Oklahoma, I love Oklahoma. I don't know what it is. Oklahoma, I won 77 out of 77 counties. It's never been done. Second was Ronald Reagan, 56. Right? Yeah. And Tommy Tuberville, a great coach, you know, his quarterback was named Mahomes.

Donald Trump: He was a great college coach, and I said how good was he? He said you don't want to know how good -- he made me into a great coach. He's a pretty good quarterback, right? Yeah, he was very good. He's a good guy too. Also, governors, we have Governor Glenn Youngkin, Virginia. Thank you, Glenn. Good job. Bill Lee of Tennessee, Bill?

Donald Trump: Thank you. Jeff Landry, Louisiana. Thank you, Jeff. Kim Reynolds of Iowa. Thank you. We're trying to move, you know, education back to the States. You do know that. We're making a big move and we're counting on Linda McMahon, Linda McMahon. And sitting next to you is the new star is born -- Karoline, congratulations.

Donald Trump: You've done great. New star. A star is born. Patrick Morrisey, Patrick, congratulations. Great race. A great friend of mine and he's really helped us at the border, done a great job, of Texas, Greg Abbott. Thank you, Greg. Jim Pillen, where are you? Jim? Very good. Are you feeling good? He had a bad fall.

Donald Trump: You're doing all right, huh? Good. You look great. Brad Little. Brad? Thank you, Brad. Good job, good job. Do you like education going back to your state? You'll make it top, right? You know, just so people understand, in the education world we're ranked very, very poorly. We're 38, 39 and 40 out of 40 countries.

Donald Trump: We're at the bottom of the pack almost always or very close to it. It just came out, we're 40 out of 40. And if we move it back to the states, I will guarantee you that if you take Idaho, you take Iowa, you take almost any of the states that I'm looking at right now. They'll be as good as Norway. You have Norway, you have Sweden, you have Denmark, I must say you have China that's very high in the pack, which is no longer we can say it has to be a small area.

Donald Trump: China is very big, but they do a very good job. But we'll have at least 35 of our states that will be as good or better than any of those countries and we have to get it done. Attorney General Steve Marshall. Steve, thank you very much. Steve, wherever you may be. General Tim Griffin. Thank you. Thank you.

Donald Trump: A person who is so wonderful, Brenna Bird, where are you? Brenna? Brenna Bird. Thank you. She supported me before people wanted to support me, right, Brenna? Oh, wow. Thank you very much. I appreciated it. Andrew Bailey, great job. Where is Andrew? Great. Stand up, Andrew, one of the great attorney generals.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much one of the greats really. And Jason Miyares. Thanks, Jason.

Donald Trump: And now we get back to our members of Congress. And we'll go quickly. But it's a great group of people. Steve Scalise is right in front here. What a brave guy, Steve is. Steve went through a lot. And he proved one thing to me, only one thing, that his wife loved him. [Laughter] His wife loves him because I went to the hospital that night and he was not given even a shot.

Donald Trump: Right, Mike? And I was with him, and I was with his wife. And she was devastated. She was really devastated. And I've been to, you know, similar situations, not quite as bad, but the wives were not so devastated. And I can tell you -- [Laughter] I can tell you that great wife of yours loves you. So anyway.

Donald Trump: And what you've done is incredible. The way you've come back, it's -- you're better. You look better now than you did before it happened, but -- but nobody wants to -- nobody wants to go through that. [Laughter] Yeah. It's amazing. Tom Emmer doing a fantastic job. Thank you, Tom. Great job. Lisa McClain.

Donald Trump: Lisa? Hi. Hi, Lisa. Hi. Good job. Virginia Foxx. Hi, Virginia. Tim Walberg, Michigan. Tim? Great. Jason Smith. Great man on taxes, great man on -- how are the taxes doing? Okay? We're going to get good things passed I hope, right? Juan Ciscomani, Arizona. Where are you, Juan? Hello, Juan. Stand up, Juan.

Donald Trump: You look so good. You always look good. [Laughter] Kevin Kiley. Kevin, wherever you may be. What happened? How come he had no applause? [Laughter] Lauren Boebert. Lauren Boebert. Very much a leader in this. Thank you, Lauren. Kat Cammack, Florida. Thank you. Kat. Byron Donalds. He's doing good. Byron's doing good.

Donald Trump: Where is he? You're doing good, Byron. Laurel Lee. Thank you, Laurel. Thank you. Great job. Anna Paulina Luna. Thank you. Thank you, Anna. Greg Steube hit a home run wearing a Trump cap. The only one to hit a home run out of the park during your crazy baseball game, right? It's easy. I think I will come.

Donald Trump: I think I'll come. If you're playing, I'll come. [Laughter] Somebody that's very shy. This is a very shy person and -- but she's trying to break out of it. Marjorie Taylor Greene. [Laughter] Victoria Spartz. Thank you, Victoria. Great job. Ashley Hinson. Ashley, thank you. Mariannette Miller-Meeks. Good job you did.

Donald Trump: Good job. Great job. Mary Miller. Hi, Mary. Julia Letlow. Hi, Julia. Claudia Tenney from New York. Claudia. Hi, Claudia. Hi. Great job. Nicole Malliotakis. Hi, Nicole. Good. Doing good. I saw a great poll with you, Nicole. Michelle Fischbach. Thank you. Great, great job. Anne Wagner, Missouri. Thanks. Sherry Biggs, South Carolina.

Donald Trump: Thanks, Sherry. Great job. Nancy Mace. Where's Nancy? She's something. Oh, are you a believer in what we're doing, Nancy? Nancy takes it on right from the start, right?

Nancy Mace: [Off-mic] Damn right. [Laughter]

Donald Trump: Would you like to say something? Would you like to say we're doing the right thing?

Nancy Mace: [Off-mic] We are doing absolutely [Inaudible].

Donald Trump: Good, good. Thank you very much. Thank you, Nancy. Stephanie Bice, Oklahoma. Oklahoma thanks, Stephanie. Diana Harshbarger. Thanks, Diana. Good job. Tim Burchett. Tim, I watched you on television the other day. You were unbelievable. You ripped that guy apart. [Laughter] Man, that poor guy, he started getting a little fresh with Tim and Tim just ripped him apart.

Donald Trump: That was beautiful. [Laughter] I actually left a message --

Tim Burchett: [Inaudible] and Marsha Blackburn.

Donald Trump: Oh, that's good. [Laughter] Great job, Tim. That was great. Monica De La Cruz. Monica? Ronny Jackson. Ronny. Dr. Ronny. He was a -- he's a doctor, a great doctor, a great admiral and a great Congressman, right?

Unidentified: Yes.

Donald Trump: Pretty good. He could -- he has his choice. What do you like doing best, Ronny?

Ronny Jackson: I like being your doctor best.

Donald Trump: Awesome. [Laughter] Who is the healthiest patient you ever had? [Laughter]

Ronny Jackson: Donald Trump. [Laughter]

Donald Trump: Do you know why I liked him? The fake news asked, so Doctor, who -- he had Obama, Bush and Trump in the White House. He was the White House doctor. And they asked him who's the healthiest of the three? He said it's not close. It's Donald Trump. And from that moment I love this guy. [Laughter] Right. Thank you, Ronny.

Donald Trump: Wesley Hunt from Texas. Hi, Wesley. Beth van Duyne.

Unidentified: Yeah, Beth.

Donald Trump: Beth from Texas. Thanks, Beth. Burgess Owens, a great athlete, NFL star, an NFL star. Ken Kiggans from Virginia. Thank you. Thank you, [inaudible]. Thank you very much, Jen. I appreciate it. Harriet Hagerman. What a lawyer, oh. One of the best, one of the most talented lawyers you'll ever see. What she did to her opponent was horrible. [Laughter] Let's see, who was her opponent?

Donald Trump: Let's see. Oh, does anybody remember her opponent? We tend to forget. We forgot that one, huh? [Laughter] And you know, your speaker, I'm going to introduce them later anyway, but your speaker has been fantastic. Stand up, Mike. He's great. What a -- what a good man, a really good man. Also, some friends of ours, Sage Steele has been very strong on the issue.

Donald Trump: Sage, thank you. Thank you very much.

Unidentified: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: Oh, good. Thank you. Thank you. Great job. Tiffany Justice. Tina Descovich. Founders of Moms for Liberty. And they were -- they honored me. And -- and it was a great honor and thank you very much. Both of you, thank you. Heather Higgins. [ph] Andy Buttner. [ph] Victoria Coley [ph] from Independent Women's Forum.

Donald Trump: It's a fantastic group of people that fought very hard on this issue. I think everybody in this room really fought very hard on this issue.

Unidentified: Thank you, sir.

Donald Trump: Kim Fletcher. We know Kim. Debris -- Debbie. I think Debbie's here. Crew Littis. From also, Moms of America. And Penny Lance, of course, CEO of the Concerned Women for America. That is a lot of people. Thank you very much, Penny. Good job you do. That's a lot of people. Can I give here -- why don't you hold that.

Donald Trump: We'll -- you'll sell it tonight. [Laughter] So, just to finish up, I'm directing the Secretary of State Marco Rubio, who's -- by the way, is doing a fantastic job. In fact, you just left Panama. We're trying to take back the Panama Canal, little things like that. It'll all happen. But Marco is going to make clear to the International Olympic Committees there and he's going to make it as clear as anybody can make it that America categorically rejects transgender lunacy.

Donald Trump: We want them to change everything having to do with the Olympics and having to do with this absolutely ridiculous subject that we even have to talk about this subject.

Donald Trump: If you went back ten years or 15 years and you would move forward and listen to this, you'd say what the hell are they talking about? This isn't possible. But you have people out there, democrats that are still totally in favor. They can't win the argument. They can't win a debate. They look like fools. And they continue to go on. And it's okay, because as long as they do this and open borders and all of the other things they talk about transgender everything, all they want to do is transgender, and men playing in women's sports and all of these crazy things and if they continue the -- I think we're going to end up ultimately -- it's not going to matter because we're never going to go along with them and we're just going to keep winning elections, right, Mike?

Donald Trump: So, when the Olympics comes to Los Angeles, I was responsible for getting the Olympics, and I said, oh boy, this is terrible because I got the Olympics, and I won't be president. And then what happened is an election -- strange things happened in that election. So, I missed four years and now I have the Olympics, it was sort of circuitous.

Donald Trump: It was a circuitous situation, and we also have the World Cup coming, which is going to be fantastic. And we have, as you know, very importantly, 250 years coming. That's a big one next year. So that's a very big one. But in Los Angeles in 2028, my administration will not stand by and watch men beat and batter female athletes, and we're just not going to let it happen.

Donald Trump: And it's going to end and it's ending right now and nobody's going to be able to do a damn thing about it because when I speak, we speak with authority. And for the same reason, just to make sure, I'm also directing our Secretary of Homeland Security, Kristi Noem, who's also doing out -- she's out there with you, Greg -- a fantastic job.

Donald Trump: She's unbelievable. I was watching her riding yesterday on a horse. She was as good as anybody. She's very good. To deny any and all visa applications made by men attempting to fraudulently enter the United States while identifying themselves as women athletes to try and get into the games maybe where they are unable to get into the games.

Donald Trump: We're honored to be joined today by many incredible advocates for women's sports, including the brave swimmer at the forefront of this battle. And Riley Gaines is a person that I've been watching. She fought hard. Riley was a 12-time All-American -- well, that's pretty good -- 12 time All-American who sacrificed countless hours in the pool just for a chance at the title.

Donald Trump: It's so important to her. She gave up everything and gave -- and just gave everything she had. But then the league forced her to share a spot on the podium with a male swimmer who took her trophy while the media celebrated this stolen glory. And Riley is just a tremendous athlete, and it was a very unfair situation.

Donald Trump: I watched it. A lot of people watched it, it was ridiculous frankly. But I want to thank Riley. She really has been in the forefront. People that aren't that well versed in this would say that she was the leader. And great job, Riley. Thank you very much. Appreciate it. And also with us is another great champion for women, Payton McNabb.

Donald Trump: In high school, Payton was a rock star athlete. Where is Payton? Where is she -- I like Payton, nice to see you. Good job. Good job. Looks like a good athlete to me. In high school, Payton was a rock star athlete preparing for a future in college sports, but in one volleyball match a much taller and stronger male spiked the ball right in her face, knocking her unconscious, partially paralyzing her right side and leaving her with a traumatic brain Injury.

Donald Trump: And Payton said it was 100 percent avoidable. If only my rights as a female athlete had been more important than a man's feelings. And we can't let it happen and it's not going to happen -- not going to happen anymore, Payton. It's not going to happen. Are you okay? Are you good?

Payton McNabb: I'm doing a lot better.

Donald Trump: Good, that's good. Thank you. We're also pleased to be joined by many incredible leaders on this issue. And as I mentioned before, Speaker Mike Johnson -- and he has been so strong on this issue because he's a man of common sense. I mean, it really is -- it's common sense more than anything else. So, Mike, thank you.

Donald Trump: Great job. Great job in everything. He's got the easiest job of any politician in history. He's got the nicest -- like 200 and almost 20. It sort of varies between -- depends on how many people I take from my administration [Laughter]. It goes up and down a little bit. But I promise I won't take any more, I just wanted to see how good he was.

Donald Trump: I was testing you [Laughter]. We have some great people, but he's filling them up rapidly. You had some big wins the other day, very big wins the other day. But you've done a fantastic job. Thank you very much, Mike. We appreciate it. We all appreciate it. And also, the dozens of members of the House and Senate and governors that we -- attorney generals, so many people and the people outside that can't even get in. This room is packed.

Donald Trump: And you know, I offered to build a ballroom, I'm very good at building ballrooms [Laughter], I build beautiful ballrooms. And I actually offered to build a ballroom for the White House. I was going to build it right there. This was going to be the reception room. And then I was going to build a beautiful, beautiful ballroom like I have at Mar-a-Lago.

Donald Trump: As beautiful as it can be, it was going to cost about $100 million. I offered to do it, and I never heard back [Laughter]. I offered this -- I offered to do it to the Biden administration, very active administration. They didn't hear back. And I said again and again, three or four times I said to top people and they just didn't know what to do. They sort of said this is good, but they had no idea.

Donald Trump: So, I'm going to try and make the offer to myself, you know [Laughter] because we could use a bigger room. Right, Marsha? We could use a bigger room. President, would you like to build? Yeah, I would. We could use at the White House, it's -- it would actually be a beautiful addition. It's going to cost nothing; I'll spend the whole thing myself.

Donald Trump: We'll do a big, beautiful room, but we could use it at the White House. You know what they do when they have a big ceremony? They put up a tent and somehow, I think we've outgrown the tent stuff, right? Don't you think? So, we'll see if they can -- we'll see if Trump will approve it [Laughter]. But the actions we're taking today are the latest in a sweeping effort to reclaim our culture and our laws from the radical left crusade against biological reality.

Donald Trump: On day one, I made it official and I'm making it official policy of the United States government that there is two genders. We have two have two genders, what might they be? Man and woman, right? Male and female, male and female. Can't think of too many others, but it's pretty amazing. I rescinded federal funds to -- and this is so important -- to any program that promotes transgender ideology using taxpayer dollars.

Donald Trump: We're not going to do it, we're not going to do it. And last week I effectively banned the chemical castration and surgical mutilation of minor children [Audience cheers]. Can you believe I even have to say that? I banned governor, I banned -- it's just like who would ever think we have to even say that -- last week I banned.

Donald Trump: Every day we're ending the extremism of the last four years. We have other things that are just as ridiculous, not having to do with this subject, but just as ridiculous. Open borders where people are allowed to pour in from all over the world from jails and prisons and mental institutions and insane asylums, people that are very sick.

Donald Trump: People that are very evil, killers, murderers -- many of them murdered more than one person. And we have to justify the fact that we're moving them out. We are moving them out in tremendous numbers. Tom Homan and Kristie are doing a fantastic job, but -- and the governor and other governors too, but we're -- that we have to even fight for this stuff is just incredible and the media doesn't want to talk about it because it's nothing they can talk about.

Donald Trump: It's just -- they just don't want to really talk very much about it, serious problem, but we're doing a great job. And the people understand and that's why we won in a landslide. You know, it's -- they made it easy. And at some point, you know, we have to hope they do come around because we can never let this happen again, what's happened to our country, we can never let this happen again.

Donald Trump: So, we are restoring sanity and common sense, very simply, to our government. We're defending the rights and safety and pride of the American people, including our great, great, great female athletes. What athletes you are, to tell you. And you know, I'm not allowed to say this politically, it could end my career -- they're really beautiful people.

Donald Trump: These are beautiful people [Audience cheers]. But you know, like everything else, it's a little bit different today.

Donald Trump: You're not allowed to say that because if you call a woman or a girl beautiful, that's the end of your career. But let's take a chance on it, Mike. Let's take a chance [Laughter]. So, I'm -- I -- I want to thank everybody for being here. It's fantastic. And this is sort of a big, big day. It shouldn't have even been necessary to take place.

Donald Trump: This started a long time ago and we ended it today. And I'm going to sign the executive order right now. And everything I said will go into effect immediately. OK? Thank you. You know, if you like to gather around me. I think to be OK. Come on. Come on. Come on. The Secret Service is worried about them? [Laughter] If we have to worry about them, we have big problems. [Laughter] OK. Do you want to help?

Donald Trump: Do you want to do this? Watch, watch what I do and then I'm going to give you some pens. OK? Are you ready? What a nice picture, this is, huh, governor. Are you ready? We'll do a good job. Wait, let me press that. I want to make this a really good signature because this is, you know, this is a big one, right?

Note: [The president signs the executive order]

Donald Trump: Oh, I think we have a ten. We have a ten.

Unidentified: God bless you, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Pretty good, huh? OK. Good. Now you're going to go out and win those events, right?

Unidentified: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Nice to see you all. Nice to see you.

Unidentified: Thank you.

Donald Trump: Great going everybody. Nice to see you.

Unidentified: Thank you. Kids, here. Take a pen. I'll give some of these out, OK? Thank you.

Donald Trump: Take a pen. Take pen.

Unidentified: Thank you so much.

Donald Trump: Where's -- where's Riley?