Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-melania-trump-stamp-unveiling-barbara-bush-white-house-may-8-2025

Melania Trump: Thank you. Welcome everyone and welcome Bush family. It's nice to have you here. Thank you, Dora, for a beautiful introduction and welcome back to the White House as we honor the life and legacy of your mother First Lady Barbara Bush. Barbara's unwavering conviction, dignity, and deeply loyal to her loved ones have left an undeniable mark on our hearts and history.

Melania Trump: Your mother's values can be seen in her family, friends, and former staff who also join us here today and continue her legacy. Many thanks to Alice Yates, CEO of the George and Barbara Bush Foundation, for joining us today along with the Barbara Bush Foundation for Family Literacy. You are helping current and future generations to navigate the world with confidence and dignity.

Melania Trump: And I would like to thank the White House Historical Association and the United States Postal Service, especially Judy de Torok who made today's event possible.

Melania Trump: Strong American families are the foundation of a healthy society and serve as a steppingstone towards building a better world. The dynamics within American households shape our nation's core values, strengths, and collective wisdom.

Melania Trump: It is within the privacy of our homes and the principles of morality, ambition, and empathy take root. The family unit serve as our first line of foresight, often more influential than the decision made in Washington, DC. Barbara Bush's iconic commencement address at Wellesley College in 1990 remains an important moment in the conversation surrounding women's role in society.

Melania Trump: Her message which emphasized the importance of family and personal integrity encouraged women to carve their own paths in life Mrs. Bush's exclaimed. Your success as a family, our success as a society depends not on what happens in the White House but on what happens inside your house. The first lady further inspired the audience by highlighting the importance of pursuing personal dreams stating the winner of the hoop race will be the first to realize her dream, not society dreams, her own personal dream.

Melania Trump: Who knows? Somewhere out in this audience may even be someone who will one day follow in my footsteps and preside over the White House, and I wish him well. [Laughter]

Melania Trump: Over 35 years have passed since Barbara Bush made the call for a female American president, a reflection of her forward-thinking vision. As a devoted mother and one of only two first ladies who son also ascended to the presidency, she embodied the complex interplay of ambition and identity that defines us all.

Melania Trump: Mrs. Bush's legacy is marked by her respect for tradition while also breaking with convention. While she's known for championing literacy, she also supported women's empowerment, changed the national conversation on aids, and took a stand supporting gay rights.

Melania Trump: I applaud Mrs. Bush's mark defending our society's vital need for women across all avenues, whether CEO or homemaker. We have, can, and will build better families and run innovative businesses at the same time, ultimately shaping a brighter future. The unveiling of this commemorative stamp honors Barbara Bush's contributions as first lady and her enduring impact on our nation.

Melania Trump: May this tribute inspire us to lead with compassion, act with strength, and uphold the values that direct us all toward meaningful existence. Thank you.