Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-family-photo-g7-summit-alberta-canada-june-16-2025

Mark Carney: Okay.

Unidentified: Thank you.

Mark Carney: Okay. Thank you. Thank you.

Question: Mr. President [Inaudible] so early sir?

Note: [Crosstalk]

Question: Mr. President, any statement on why you're leaving the G7 early for Washington.?

Donald Trump: Well, I have to be back. Very important. I want to just thank our great host.

Mark Carney: Thank you.

Donald Trump: Fantastic job. Thank you. And Canada, but you probably see what I see. I have to be back as soon as I can. I'm going to have dinner with the -- these wonderful leaders, and then I get on the plane. I have to be back early for obvious reasons.

Question: Have you talked to the National Security Council [Inaudible] the situation?

Donald Trump: I loved it. I tell you, I loved it. And I think we got a lot done.

Mark Carney: Yup

Donald Trump: Really a lot done. In fact, the U.K., we signed --

Keir Starmer: Right.

Donald Trump: -- a big trade deal today and we're working on others. But we had just a really great relationship with everybody, and It's really nice. I wish I could stay for tomorrow, but they understand.

Question: Is there a reason, Mr. President, that you can't do your business from here?

Donald Trump: This is -- this is big stuff.

Donald Trump: Do you have questions for anybody else? [Laughter]

Note: [Crosstalk]

Question: Is there a reason you can't do your business from here, sir?

Mark Carney: We've got a bit more work to do, so we'll go do it over dinner, but thank you very much.

Question: Mr. Carney, have you been briefed on this?

Mark Carney: I'm very -- I'm very grateful for the President's presence --

Question: Are you going to have a communiqué on Iran?

Mark Carney: -- and I fully understand why, uh, why he must return.

Donald Trump: We'll see you on the plane.

Mark Carney: Okay? Take care.

Donald Trump: We'll see you on the plane.

Question: Thank you, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Thank you everybody.