Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-pull-aside-javier-milei-argentina-september-23-2025

Donald Trump: Well, thank you very much, everybody. We have a lot of meetings scheduled, but I wanted to meet with the president of Argentina, and we both wanted to meet. We're friends. He's done a fantastic job. And I'm doing something that I don't often do. I'm giving a full endorsement to him. We just endorsed him for president.

Donald Trump: As you know, he has a race coming up and I'm sure he's going to do well, but now, I think this hopefully assures it. And to the people of Argentina, we're backing him 100 percent. We think he's done a fantastic job. He, like us, inherited a mess and what he's done to fix it is good and Scott is working with their country so that they can get good debt and all of the things that you need to make Argentina great again.

Donald Trump: So it's an honor for me to endorse the president, and the future president of Argentina. Thank you very much.

Javier Milei: Thank you very much.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. That's your endorsement. That wasn't bad. Now we can get out of here.

Question: Are you going to help bail out Argentina, Mr. President?

Donald Trump: Well, we're going to help them. I don't think they need a bailout. They're going to -- he's done a fantastic job. If you look at where they were when he first ran for office and where they are now, Scott, I would say that it's pretty amazing, the job he's done.

Scott Bessent: Sir, the transformation is unbelievable. He inherited the same kind of mess you did and he's doing the same kind of job.

Donald Trump: He's doing -- he's doing a really good job and we've watched it very closely. We've worked with him and the people of Argentina. It's a great place. It's a truly -- it's a really, as you know, I've been there. It's a truly beautiful country and he's going to be very successful and he's going to be very successful in the election.

Donald Trump: I think to complete the job, the great job that he's doing, he needs the next term and he's going to get it, based on everything I can see.

Question: Secretary Bessent, you said it would be a large and forceful response from the United States. Could you provide any more details on what that intervention --

Donald Trump: Well, you know what it is. We have -- he has our backing. And having our backing, we're doing incredibly well as a country. We've never done this well actually as a country, including the stock market, which is setting new records virtually every day. And we are very much a fan of the job that he's done.

Donald Trump: So we are giving the president of Argentina our full backing and endorsement and we think he's going to continue to do the -- If he can continue to do the job that he's doing, it's going to be really something very special. So thank you very much, everybody. Would you like to say something? Thank you very much.