Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-jd-vance-dachau-germany-concentration-camp-february-13-2025

JD Vance: Well, thank you all for being here. We're, uh, we're grateful to the leadership of this memorial site here at Dachau and, uh, especially grateful to our new friend Abba here for being willing to share his story, though it is a story of great hardship because of what happened here. Of course, is something that should never happen again.

JD Vance: Uh, which is the murder of many thousands of innocent people, of course, as part of the broader -- the broader Holocaust. And, uh, you know, I've read a lot about the Holocaust in books, but, uh, being here and seeing it up close and personal really drives home what -- what unspeakable evil commit -- was committed and why we should be committed to ensuring that it never happens again.

JD Vance: Um, I really am really moved by -- by this site, and I think that while it is of course a place of unspeakable atrocity and terror and evil, it's very important that it's here, and it's very important that those of us who are lucky enough to be alive can walk around, can know what happened here, and commit ourselves to preventing -- prevent it from happening again?

JD Vance: So, uh, Usha and I are really grateful for you guys to -- to show us around. It's a somber moment. It's a sad moment, but it's something that I'll never forget, and I'm grateful to have been able to see it up close in person. So, thank you all for being here. Thanks for your, uh, continued -- continued work to make sure that we never forget this and never let it happen again.

JD Vance: And in particular, um, to Abba here who now lives in Israel and is 97 years old. And I just -- it's -- it's amazing. I asked him would he ever forget what happened here. And he said, no, he lives with it every day, but he goes on with his life anyways. And I think that incredible resilience is something that we shouldn't forget either because there was a great atrocity that happened here.

JD Vance: And there were also a lot of people who managed to persevere through that atrocity, and that's something we should never forget, too. God bless you all. Thanks for being here.

Question: Mr. Vice President, how does your tour make you feel about the ongoing conflicts in Ukraine and Israel, in Gaza?

JD Vance: Thank you.

Unidentified: [In Italian, not translated] OK, guys, [Inaudible]. Let's go.

JD Vance: Thank you, all.

Unidentified: Thanks, guys. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Move. Load up in the motorcade or this way if you're not.