Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-national-governors-association-dinner-february-22-2025

Donald Trump: Thank you very much everybody, it's a great honor to have you at the White House, special place. This is a beautiful evening, it's, uh, an evening I always look forward to, and, uh, welcome to the most important house I think anywhere, anywhere in the world, no matter where you go, there's nothing like it. And this is America's governors and spouses, and, uh, someday somebody sitting in this room's probably gonna be here for four or eight years.

Donald Trump: We don't know who it is, I have some suspicions, but you never know, right? You never know, as the expression goes, but it's a great honor to have you, it is an incredible place. And let me begin by expressing our gratitude to the first Lady of the United States for hosting the dinner, she worked very hard on making sure everything was beautiful, and she's very good at that.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. You know, it's, uh, time flies and I just realized this is the fifth Governor's Ball that Melania and I have hosted, and, uh, thank you for doing such a great job, and really great, really beautiful, made the evening beautiful. We have many new faces among the governors from our new administration, and we have, uh, a lot of people that, uh, have been just newly sworn in, and we have 'em with us, uh, tonight.

Donald Trump: And, uh, also we have some people that I've become very close to, vice President Vance, and Second Lady, Usha Vance. I wanna thank you very much, what a great start you've gotten off to. You've gotten off to a great start. Thank you very much, J.D., really amazing. Usha, thank you very much, really amazing job.

Donald Trump: Congratulations as well to the eight new governors attending tonight, and would you please stand up? We have eight brand-new, beautiful governors. Good, that's great. Thank you very much, thank you. It's a good-looking group. I'm fortunate to have some of your most outstanding former colleagues as members of my team, and they're doing an incredible job, including former governor of North Dakota, Doug, where's Doug?

Donald Trump: Doug Burgum, and Kathryn, thank you. Thank you. And he's looking for that energy along with Chris, isn't he, huh? And former governor of South Dakota, Kristi Noem, who's doing an incredible job too. Thank you, Kristi, great job. Thank you, Kristi, great job. The governors and President have really a special bond because we're all executives and we have to get the job done for the people, and you're doing the job, and I'm doing the job, and we're working together, and my number's, uh, right in your wallets and right on your, on your person, because I am open to anybody, Republican or Democrat.

Donald Trump: If we can help, you're gonna call me up and we'll take care of it, you'll call the secretaries, you'll call the cabinet members, but if they don't do the job, and I think they will, you'll call me and we'll take care of it, and that's, uh, Republican or Democrat. And I'll take maybe the Democrat call even first, how about that?

Donald Trump: Can I say that? [Laughs]. And I have a tremendous respect for the, uh, burdens, uh, that you bear, overseeing state police forces, directing disaster relief efforts, fighting for jobs and businesses, and so much more. And what we're gonna do is a little bit different than we've ever done this before, we're gonna asks you, if you want, you don't have to, you know, it's a beautiful, elegant evening, we can sometimes make it inelegant by doing this, but it's always interesting, uh, if you'd like, you get up and either ask a question or make a statement.

Donald Trump: And ideally it's gonna be a statement of unity, maybe for tonight. But, uh, I, whether it is or not, we don't care, we've been through it all, right, Ron?

Ron DeSantis: Well, you, you mentioned Unity, and I know you met with the LIV and PGA, are --

Donald Trump: That right.

Ron DeSantis: -- you gonna be able to bring golf back together?

Donald Trump: Well, that's an interesting question. He's a very good golfer and he asked that question. I think there's a good chance that we'll do that, I do. I think there's a very good chance and it should be together, so that's, that's an interesting question for you to ask. So, uh, we're going to ask if you want to get up and, uh, say something as we, as we progress.

Donald Trump: Uh, this evening, we're not Democrats or Republicans, we're America's chief executives, and together we have to make our country run, and run properly. We'd, uh, love your cooperation on energy, and we have some of the greatest energy people in the world in this room tonight and they're working for the administration.

Donald Trump: Uh, Chris is here someplace. Where is Chris? Chris? Chris, thank you very much. Everybody knows him. They couldn't believe that we got you, but he gave up a lot to do this, and, uh, he's said to be the best anywhere in the world, so thank you very much, we appreciate it very much, Chris. We also want your assistance on public safety, especially removing foreign terrorist organizations from America, removing some really bad, bad guys and bad people from America.

Donald Trump: And we're gonna get 'em out for you, we'll be doing you a big service, and uh, we'll get 'em out. We're bringing 'em back to the states where they came from. We don't have one country that says no, we had a lot 'em that said no, but that was about- lasted about two hours, and all of a sudden they're all saying yes, but we'll get 'em back and we'll get 'em out and we'll make your state a lot safer.

Donald Trump: And on deregulation, we'll be creating maximum deregulation and maximum numbers of jobs, and I think it has a lot to do, one has a lot to do with the other. I want you all to succeed so that our country will succeed, and I'm always just a phone call away. By special coincidence, this evening marks the 293rd birthday of our first president, George Washington, whose portrait hangs in the East Room.

Donald Trump: And the father of our country was a great general, he was unmatched really as a general up till that time, and he was also a great executive and a true statesman, George Washington, by force of will and determination, he was also the ultimate national unifier, he was a great unifier. In fact, he could have stayed longer, they wanted him to stay longer, and he said, "No, we don't want to do that, we want everybody to have a chance.

Donald Trump: We don't want to..." He was very, very popular and he refused to stay longer, and that in itself was possibly at the early stages of government, the very important fact. In his farewell address, George Washington counseled Americans that are shared national identity under one great political union is, "The main pillar in the edifice of our real independence, the support of our tranquility at home, our peace of abroad, our safety, our prosperity, and that very liberty, which we so highly prize." Beautiful words.

Donald Trump: We don't use words like that that much nowadays, do we, huh? [Laughter] I don't know what happened, we don't use, we should, we should, we should be able to start. The elected leaders in this room are the living embodiment of the union to which President Washington referred, you're really doing a fantastic job.

Donald Trump: I won't say 'cause the press is up there going crazy tonight, but, uh, I won't say how good some of the Democrats are, but some of you are doing a really good job. Others are doing good, and some I'm not so sure about. [Laughter] But, uh, you do, you have some very great talent on the other side, I have to say.

Donald Trump: And, uh, we all appreciate it and we respect it greatly. So tonight, let us all recommit ourselves to strengthening America, making it something even more special than it has been, and, uh, we're gonna be one United nation, and maybe together, this is gonna be the evening that we start uniting. We're gonna unite, we're gonna hold each other close, and we're gonna fight for our country.

Donald Trump: And, uh, I want to just, uh, make a comment that we have a very special room that most of you haven't seen, and some of you might've been here with me, uh, last time, the last time we were together, which was actually five years ago, can you believe it? I, I missed you for four years, very, very badly. That was a long journey back Melania, wasn't it? It was a long, tough, that was a nasty journey, don't ever try it. [Laughter] But it is unique.

Donald Trump: Uh, but it was a long journey, a long nasty journey, but here we are and we're gonna do things that hopefully nobody else has really been able to do. But we have a room called the Lincoln Bedroom. I think it's like maybe to me the most important room in the whole country, the most important bedroom, definitely.

Donald Trump: And it's incredible, just the way he left it, and, uh, he was Abraham Lincoln after all, and, uh, we have it upstairs. And right after we're finished with the meal, uh, I'm gonna take whatever group wants to go up, we can handle quite a few. We walk up the stairway, the big beautiful grand stairway, and at the top of that stairway is the Lincoln Bedroom and the Treaty Room where we sign virtually every land acquisition, and we are looking at a few of them by the way, just in case you not -- [Laughter] We're looking at a few, I don't, I won't name them tonight, but I think we know what we're talking about, maybe more than we even think, but, uh, we'll meet here right after the end of the meal and, uh, we'll walk up together and you'll see something that actually is really amazing and real history, with the Treaty Room and the Yellow, Yellow Oval.

Donald Trump: It's, uh, a room that was copied by the Oval Office. One quarter of an inch, uh, Taft wanted it to be exactly that way, it was a hundred, more than a hundred years, uh, younger than the Oval Office, and the Oval Office is younger. And when they built it, they loved the room that you'll see upstairs so much, and it's almost an exact copy, the Oval Office is almost an exact copy.

Donald Trump: And you'll see some things that are really, really interesting. And again, uh, as we progress tonight, if you feel like it, just come up, we're gonna leave the mic on, which is usually a mistake. [Laughter] That's usually not a good thing, but we're gonna leave the mic on and, uh, you may ask a question or you'll, uh, or you'll make a statement.

Donald Trump: And I'd like to ask Scott Turner, who's our Secretary of HUD, he's a great young man and he's a tremendous, tremendous talent, and I'd like to ask you to say grace. Thank you, thank you, Scott. Congratulations.

Scott Turner: Thank you, sir. Thank you Mr. President. Let's pray together. Father, we're so grateful to have this opportunity to gather together, Father, for such a time as this, Lord. Father, we thank you, uh, for President Trump, Lord God, we thank you for the First Lady, we thank you for Vice President Vance and the Second Lady.

Scott Turner: Lord God, I pray that you'll be an iron dome of protection around them and their families. Lord God, we thank you that you are a sovereign Father and you are a good, good Father. And tonight, Father God, I thank you for the governors that have gathered here. Lord, I thank you for their service, I pray you'll give them wisdom, and clarity, and understanding.

Scott Turner: God, I pray you'll be with them and their families. Lord God, I pray and thank you for my colleagues in the cabinet, Father God that are here tonight. Lord God, we know that you have ordained this time before the foundations of the world, and Lord God, we thank you. Father, we thank you tonight that as we gather and as we fellowship, Lord Jesus, that you would be glorified.

Scott Turner: And Father as President Trump, Father, as the, the leader of this nation, Lord God, as he every day, Father God, leads and serves, Father, I pray that you would give him great favor. God, I pray that you would open his eyes to see like he's never seen before, that you would open up his ears to hear your voice, and Father God, you would give him divine insight and divine, Father God, just wisdom as he leads and serves this country.

Scott Turner: And Lord, tonight we pray that the joy of the Lord would be our strength, 'cause we are happy tonight because you saw fit to bring us together. We love you, we honor you, and Lord, I thank you for this food that we shall receive. I pray you will bless it to nourish our bodies, that we may build your kingdom, and bless the hands that prepared it in, those that will serve it. We give you the glory, in Jesus' name, amen. [Audience responds "Amen"]

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Scott Turner: Bless you.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. Thank you.

Note: [At this point, Donald Trump left the dais and spoke briefly with reporters. The audio from the pool video is cut, but Trump can be seen speaking. The following is based on the output of an experimental lip-reading ✧AI, compared by proofreaders against the White House press pool notes.]

Question: [Off-camera, from pool report only] How was your meeting with President Duda?

Donald Trump: [From pool report and ✧AI lip-reading] Very good. It was excellent. He's a fantastic guy -- a great friend of mine. Poland -- it was excellent.

Question: [Unknown, not on camera or in notes]

Donald Trump: [From pool report and lip-reading] Couldn't be better.

Question: [Off-camera, from pool report only] How's the deal with critical minerals with Ukraine?

Donald Trump: [From pool report and ✧AI lip-reading] All of them are coming along. We're doing well with Russia, Ukraine, and we're going to get it out.