Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-qatar-state-visit-signing-ceremony-doha-may-14-2025

Unidentified: In the name of God, the master of the most compassionate, your Highness Sheikh Tamim bin Hamad Al Thani, your Excellency President Donald Trump, president of the United States of America, representative of the media. [Inaudible] your excellencies, distinguished guests and members of the media. Now we will see the signing of the agreement of buying aircraft from Boeing, his Excellency Badr Mohammed Al Meer will sign from the Qatari side and Kelly Ortberg will be signing on behalf of Boeing. [Inaudible] between the state of Qatar and the United States of America.

Unidentified: Boeing Purchase Agreement signed on behalf of the State of Qatar by His Excellency Badr Mohammed Al Meer, CEO of Qatar Airways Company. On behalf of the United States, Kelly Ortberg, President and CEO of the Boeing Company.

Note: [Audio Gap]

Unidentified: We will now witness the signing of a number of agreements in the field of defense between the State of Qatar and the United States of America. Signed on behalf of the State of Qatar by His Excellency Sheikh Saoud bin Abdulrahman bin Hassan Al Thani, Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of State for Defense Affairs, and on behalf of the United States of America by the Honorable Pete Hegseth, Secretary of Defense of the United States of America.

Unidentified: Firstly a letter, a statement of intent on defense Cooperation between the State of Qatar and the United States of America.

Note: [Audio Gap]

Unidentified: Secondly, a letter of offer and acceptance for MQ-9B aircraft -- aircrafts. And the letter of offer and acceptance FS-LIDS. Thank you. It is my honor to announce the signing of a joint declaration of cooperation between the State of Qatar and the United States of America, signed on behalf of the State of Qatar by His Highness Sheikh Tamim bin Hamad Al Thani, Emir of the State of Qatar.

Unidentified: And the Honorable Donald J. Trump, president of the United States of America.

Note: [Audio Gap]

Unidentified: The signing ceremony has now come to an end. And now, a joint statement from His Highness, the Emir, and the President.

Tamim bin Hamad Al Thani: Thank you very much. We had a couple of hours of great meeting with the president and we discussed many issues, our -- by our great bilateral relationship and also the situation in the region. Of course, I think after signing these documents, we are going to another level of relationship between Qatar and United States.

Tamim bin Hamad Al Thani: So I just wanted to thank you, Mr. President, again for this historic visit. Thank you very much, sir.

Donald Trump: Well, thank you very much and this has been a very interesting couple of hours. We discussed the world. We discussed Russia and Ukraine, where you've been a tremendous help in so many different ways. We certainly discussed Iran, where it's been really an interesting situation. I have a feeling it's going to work out.

Donald Trump: I think it's going to work -- it's got to work out. One way or the other, we know it's going to work out, but you were of great help. And other things, but in particular trade. The trade is -- as Kelly's telling me from Boeing, it's the largest order of jets in the history of Boeing. That's pretty good. And that's 140, was that a 140 or 160? Well, yeah, but you're right, it's actually 200, including the 40. So it's over $200 billion, but 160 in terms of the jets.

Donald Trump: That's fantastic. So that's a record, Kelly, and congratulations to Boeing. Get those planes out there. Get them out there. But I just want to thank you. We've been friends for a long time, long before politics. Well for you, it was politics. For me, it wasn't, right? But we've been friends for a long time and this is an outstanding man.

Donald Trump: He's a great man and we're going to help each other. The United States is in a very strong position militarily. We have the best equipment anywhere in the world. You're buying a lot of that equipment actually, and I think we're going to see some of it in action tomorrow at the -- we won't call it an air fair, but it's going to be sort of an air fair.

Donald Trump: We're going to be shown a display that's going to be incredible. They have the latest and the greatest of our planes and just about everything else. So I think it's going to be a lot of fun and very interesting, but I just want to thank you for the friendship, for the longtime friendship, and again, long before any of this stuff.

Donald Trump: We just liked each other. That's not a bad thing. That's a good thing, but we always had a very special relationship and we came from Saudi Arabia where we have another great man over there, that's a friend of yours. And you two guys get along so well and like each other. You sort of remind me a little bit of each other if you want to know the truth.

Donald Trump: They're both tall, handsome guys that happen to be very smart. But he's also a very special guy and it's good to see all the relationships forming in the Middle East, because the Middle East is really being talked about all over the world. And we're having a lot to do with it. We're helping a lot, but they're doing a tremendous job.

Donald Trump: So I just want to thank everybody very much for being here. I want to thank the media. The media has been very fair, actually, and it's a great honor to be with you. You take a look at this room. This room is the real deal. That's called white marble. It's very hard to buy. Believe me, I know very well because you try to buy it, you can't buy it.

Donald Trump: And you just take a look at what you have here. It's been incredible what -- what you've been able to build as a nation. And we're with you all the way. And you know that.

Tamim bin Hamad Al Thani: Thank you. Thank you.

Unidentified: Thank you. The ceremony has now come to an end.