Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-melania-trump-ai-education-september-4-2025

Melania Trump: Thank you for joining me to address this important issue. Secretaries Wright, McMahon, Rollins and Chavez-DeRemer. It's wonderful to be here today alongside private sectors leaders like Mr. Pichai, Mr. Krishna, Mr. Wilson, and the many more visionaries from across industry. We are living in a moment of wonder and it is our responsibility to prepare children in America.

Melania Trump: Cars now steer themselves through our cities. Robots hold steady hands in the operating room and drones are redefining the future of war. Innovations of first generation humanoids factory automation and autonomous vehicles have surged from private sector investment. Every one of these advancements is powered by AI. The robots are here.

Melania Trump: Our future is no longer science fiction. Data from the Bureau of Economic Analysis shows that AI innovation is clearly boosting America's GDP growth. Surely this is not a trend for AI will serve as the underpinning of every business sector in our nation, including education, life sciences, finance and design.

Melania Trump: In fact, I predict AI will represent the single largest growth category in our nation during this administration. And I won't be surprised if AI becomes known as the greatest engine of progress in the history of the United States of America. But as leaders and parents, we must manage AI's growth responsibly.

Melania Trump: During this primitive stage it is our duty to treat AI as we would our own children, empowering but with watchful guidance. Today in this room is filled with the brightest minds of our time. As such, I challenge you to focus on three strategic priorities of AI's ecosystem so America can lead in shaping a new magnificent world, infrastructure and energy.

Melania Trump: national security and, of course, talent. We must ensure America's talent, our workforce, is prepared to sustain AI's progress and the Presidential AI Challenge is our first major step to galvanize America's parents, educators and students with this mission. English is a new coding language for many and with it creativity will flow from every corner of America, sparking new industries, careers and jobs.

Melania Trump: By supporting the Presidential AI Challenge, you are investing in our youth, America's next era builders. I would be remiss if I didn't thank our very determined director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy, Mr. Michael Kratsios. Michael's vision will have a profound effect on how emerging technology shapes our future. Thank you, Michael.