Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-bilat-volodymyr-zelenskyy-ukraine-february-28-2025

Donald Trump: Well, thank you very much. It's an honor to have President Zelenskyy of Ukraine and we've been working very hard, very close and we've actually known each other for a long time. We've been dealing with each other for a long time and very well and we had little negotiations spat, but that worked out great I think for -- for both countries.

Donald Trump: I think for the world actually, beyond both countries. And we have something that is a very fair deal and we look forward to getting in and digging, digging, digging and working and getting some of the rare earth. But it means we're going to be inside and it's -- it's a big commitment from the United States.

Donald Trump: And we appreciate working with you very much and we will continue to do that. We have had some very good discussions with Russia. I spoke with President Putin and we're going to try and bring this to a close. It's something that you want and that he wants. We have to negotiate a deal. But we've started the confines of a deal.

Donald Trump: And I think something can happen. The big thing is the number of soldiers mostly at this point, but soldiers being killed. You're losing thousands of soldiers. On both sides, we're losing a lot of soldiers. And we want to see it stop. And we want to see the money get put to different kinds of use like rebuilding, the rebuilding.

Donald Trump: And we're going to be working very hard. But we've had a lot of very good conversations. I will say until we came along the Biden administration didn't speak to Russia whatsoever. They didn't speak to anybody, they just allowed this to continue. And I will say that -- I'll say in front of you, you've heard me say it a thousand times.

Donald Trump: If I were president this war would have never happened. We would have had a deal negotiated for you without having to go through what you've gone through. But you -- your soldiers have been unbelievably brave. We've given them great equipment, but they -- somebody has to use the equipment. They've been unbelievably brave, and we give them great credit.

Donald Trump: This was supposed to be over very quickly. And here we are three years later. So I give tremendous credit to your generals and your soldiers. And yourself, in the sense that it's been very hard fighting, very tough fighting. They have great fighters. And you have to be very proud of them from that standpoint.

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: I'm very proud also.

Donald Trump: But now we want to get it over with. It's enough, right, if we want to get it over with, so. Uh, it's an honor to have you here. Thank you very much for coming. We're going to sign the agreement at the conference in the East Room in a little while right after lunch. And we'll be having lunch together. We're also discussing some other things.

Donald Trump: And we appreciate everybody being here. It's somewhat of an exciting moment. But the really exciting moment is when we get to -- when they stop the shooting, or we end up with a deal. And I think we're fairly close to getting that. And an honor to have you. And please, if you'd like to say something.

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: No, thank you so much, Mr. President. Thank you for the invitation. And really I hope that this, um, document, [Inaudible] document will be the first step to real security guarantees for Ukraine. Our people, our children are really counting on it. And of course, we count that America will not stop support.

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: Really for us, it's very important to support and to continue it. I want to discuss it with details further during our conversation. And of course, the infrastructure or security guarantees. Because for today, I understand what Europe is ready to do. And of course, I want to discuss with you what the United States will be ready to do. And I really count on your strong position to stop Putin.

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: And -- and you said that, enough with the war. I think that is very important and has been then to say these war is to Putin at the very beginning. At the very beginning of the war because he is a killer and terrorist. But I hope that together we can stop him. But for us, it's very important to, you know, to save our country, our values, our freedom and democracy.

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: And of course, no compromises with the killer about our territories. But it will be later. And of course, I I -- what I wanted -- you know, we spoke about it by phone with you about the drones production. We have very good drones production. I think the best one in the world for today because of the war.

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: Yes. And of course, we need very much the air defense. You have the best air defense in the world. And really you helped us under attacks of Russians. And I want to speak how we can exchange the licenses. We are open to share the licenses of all our drones with you, of course, with the United States. And we need licenses for quick production of air defense.

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: Even after the war, we need our nation to be calm. That we are secure. That's why we need this air shield. And of course, about this, I want to speak about the contingency. I think that France and the UK already spoke to you. And we know that Europe is ready, but without United States they will not be ready to be as strong as we need.

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: And the last point, but it's not least about exchange about our people and children. And you know that these crazy Russians, they stolen 20,000 of children, Ukrainian children. They changed their names. They changed their, you know, their families, relatives. And now they are in Russia. We want to bring them back.

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: And really it's a big, big dream, task and goal for me and -- and our warriors. We -- by the way, [Inaudible] we brought -- we exchanged -- we yes, released more than 4000 warriors from Russian prisons, but there are thousands more in the prison. I wanted to share with you some -- some images of how -- how -- you have -- just -- just can -- can I -- can I now?

Donald Trump: Yeah, please.

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: All right.

Donald Trump: Please.

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: One minute, one minute, one minute. I trust you to understand what the -- in what circumstances in what situation they are and what the attitude of Russia to our prisoners. They have guys -- just you -- before -- before and after. And you see before and after, just you to understand. Now thousands of such guys, ladies and men, there.

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: And that. So they don't eat. They beat them. And they, you know, so they do a lot of -- a lot of, you know, bad things. So out of -- even during the war, there are rules. Everybody knows there are rules during the war. These guys, they don't have any rules. You see that. 50-60kg. and -- and a lot of such things.

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: And I didn't want to show you what -- what the changes were images of children, because I will share -- just share with you. I mean, it's looking tragic.

Donald Trump: Yeah, that's tough stuff.

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: Yeah. I wanted very much to give you. And here you see it.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: This is pastor, by the way. They've stolen pastors because it's not Russian church. They've stolen pastors and moved pastors to the prison. We -- at the end of last year, we -- we brought three pastors and we -- we could exchange them. And this is pastor you see like.

Donald Trump: Yeah, that's tough, yeah.

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: Yeah, so. I mean, this -- I wanted to show you and this.

Donald Trump: Yeah, that's very tough.

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: So thank you very much.

Donald Trump: We want to get that ended right, yeah.

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: Yeah, of course, of course we want to.

Donald Trump: And I think we will. I think we will. And --

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: We have to of course.

Donald Trump: Do you have any questions, please?

Question: Mr. President? Mr. President? Mr. President? Mr. President? OK. Thank you, Mr. President. Um, with the -- how much money is the US going to put into the fund that -- that is being created today? And how does this provide long term security for Ukraine?

Donald Trump: Well, we don't know exactly how much because we're going to be putting some money in a fund that we're going to get from the raw earth that we're going to be taking and sharing in terms of revenue. So it's going to be -- a lot of money will be made from the sale and from the use of raw earth. And as you know, our country doesn't have much raw earth.

Donald Trump: We have a lot of oil and gas, but we don't have a lot of the raw earth. And what we do have is protected by the environmentalists. But that could be unprotected. But still it's not very much. They have among the best in the world in terms of raw earth, so we're going to be using that. Taking it, using it for all of the things we do, including AI and including weapons and the military.

Donald Trump: And it's really going to very much satisfy our needs. So it was something that just worked out really well. We have a lot of oil. And we have a lot of gas. We have a lot, but we don't have raw earth. So this -- this has just about every component of the raw earth that we need for computers, for all of the things we do.

Question: And --

Donald Trump: This puts us in great shape.

Question: And on long-term security for Ukraine, how much is provided?

Donald Trump: Uh, I think they're going to have great luck. I think once we make the agreement, that's going to be 95 percent of it. It's -- they're not going to go back to fighting. I've spoken with President Putin. And I think -- I mean, I feel very strongly, I've known him for a long time, and I feel very strongly that they're very serious about it. And we'll make a deal.

Donald Trump: And when the deal is made, I don't think -- we talk about security. Everyone's talking about the other day, all they talked about was security. I said, let me make the deal first. I have to make the deal first. I don't worry about security right now. I have to -- we have to have a deal. Because right now -- last week, 2000 soldiers died on both sides.

Donald Trump: Two thousand. And they're losing 1000, 2000, 3000 a week. So as we sit here and we talk, people are getting shot and dying on the battlefield. And you know, they're not American soldiers, but they're Russian soldiers and they're Ukrainian soldiers. And we want to be able to stop it. And we want to be able also to spend money on other things.

Note: [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: We don't want to -- this is a tremendous amount of money. And what the Biden administration did was terrible. They were giving money, but he had no security on the money. Europe, as you know, gave much less money, but they had security, it was in the form of a loan. They get their money back and we didn't. And now, at least, we're protected.

Donald Trump: Because the American taxpayer has to be protected, too. But uh, this is an incredible agreement for Ukraine. Because we have a big investment in their country now. And what -- what they have, very few people have. And we're able to really go forward with very, very high tech things and many other things, including weaponry.

Donald Trump: Weaponry that we're going to use in many locations, but that we need for our country.

Note: [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: This allows -- this allows us to do that.

Question: Mr. President, will you continue sending military aid?

Donald Trump: Yes, go ahead, please.

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: If I can just add? Yes. In the document, there is one of the very important points, if we speak about business and investment. We never had LNG terminals in Ukraine. This document will open. I mean the next documents, but anyway, here, we see in the framework, we see a really good [Inaudible] for this. LNG terminals for us is very important and I think for security of European continent.

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: We have the biggest storage, gas storage. We have the biggest in Europe, yes. Yes, and we can use it, use for LNG, use it for LNG and we will do it. And really, we can help Europe because Europe really helped. President Trump said that they made less support, but they are our friends and they are very supportive partners.

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: They really gave a lot, Mr. President, really, they did.

Donald Trump: They gave a lot, but they gave much less.

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: No.

Donald Trump: Much less.

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: No. No.

Donald Trump: [Inaudible]

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: No.

Donald Trump: OK.

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: OK.

Note: [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: Yeah, please.

Question: Mr. President Trump, you have repeatedly called the deal with Ukraine as a historical one, and as a president of the United States, you make historical decisions in other issues which affect America and all the world. So what place in the world history do you want to take? And do you associate yourself with any famous historical figures?

Donald Trump: Yeah, I'd say, George Washington, Abraham Lincoln. I would say I'm far superior to George Washington and Abraham Lincoln. Now, you know I'm only kidding, right, because when I say that the fake news is going to go wild. They're going to say he considers himself to be better than Washington. But you never know, you never know.

Donald Trump: I don't compare myself to anybody. I'm here to do a job. We've had a great 35 days or whatever it might be, a month, a little more than a month. We've accomplished tremendous amounts, not only this, this would be a very great achievement if we could get the war stopped and get them back to normalization.

Donald Trump: I think that's going to happen. We've had very good talks on both sides, as you know. But I think we've done a very good job, just generally. If you look at all of the things we've done in 30 days, they're saying there's never been an opening for a president the first month--there's never been a first month like we've had.

Donald Trump: And this is one of the very important things. This, to me, is one of the most important things because we have tremendous death taking place as we speak. And I don't want to have that--think of the parents, think of the--whether they're in Russia or Ukraine, think of the parents of all these people being killed needlessly.

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: They came to our territory.

Donald Trump: Should have never started. If I were president, this would have never started.

Note: [Crosstalk]

Question: Will you continue sending military aid to Ukraine after the US signs this agreement with Ukraine?

Donald Trump: Yeah. We're going to be continuing--

Question: And question for President Zelenskyy. Do you feel like the US is on your side, that President Trump is on your side at this moment?

Donald Trump: Go ahead.

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: What do you think?

Donald Trump: He wants to know, do you think that--sort of a stupid question. I guess we wouldn't be here if I wasn't.

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: I think that the United States on our side from the very beginning of the occupation and I think that President Trump on our side. And of course, I'm sure that the United States, president, will not stop support. This is crucial for us. It's important for us. Yes. And president speaks about the people and the soldiers which are dying, but they came to our territory.

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: They came to our land. They began this war and they have to stop. And I think this is the question which really the most important question. Can President Trump, I hope yes, with some other allies, to stop Putin, withdraw these enemies, our enemy, withdraw these troops from our land. And I think that you asked about the history.

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: I think that if president, or when, he will stop Putin. If President Trump will bring peace to our country, I think he will be on this wall, I think.

Donald Trump: We've had very, very good talks.

Note: [Crosstalk]

Question: President Zelenskyy just said that there would be no compromises with Vladimir Putin. I just wanted to ask both of you. Firstly, are there compromises that you think that President Zelenskyy is going to have to make? And President Zelenskyy, is there anything that you might think you may be able to offer or bring to the table, for example, elections?

Question: Thank you.

Donald Trump: I think you're going to have to always make compromises. You can't do any deals without compromises. So certainly, he's going to have to make some compromises, but hopefully they won't be as big as some people think you're going to have to make. That's all. That's all we can do. I'm here as an arbitrator, as a mediator to a certain extent between two parties that have been very hostile, to put it mildly.

Donald Trump: They've been very hostile. This has been a vicious war. This has been a vicious war. It's a very level battlefield and those bullets go out, and as I've said many times, we're talking about it with Pete. Many times, the only thing stopping those bullets is a human body. And in the case we're talking about, generally young human bodies.

Donald Trump: They're stopping a lot of bullets. It's dead level. That's why it's great farmland. It's great land. It's great farmland, but there's very little protection against the bullets and other things that are being shot. So all I can do is see if I can get everybody at the table and get an agreement, and I think we're going to end up with an agreement, otherwise I wouldn't probably be even here today.

Note: [Crosstalk]

Question: Mr. President, I've got two questions for you. Do you think ultimately your legacy will be the peacemaker and not the president that led this country into another war and ended foreign wars? And I've got a question--

Donald Trump: I hope it will. I mean, I hope I'm going to be remembered as a peacemaker. This would be a great thing, if we could do this. I'm doing this to save lives more than anything else. Second is to save a lot of money, but I consider that to be far less important. So I hope I'm going to--thank you, Brian, for that question.

Donald Trump: It was a nice question. I hope I'll be known and recognized as a peacemaker this. This would be a great thing to solve. This is a very dangerous situation. This could lead to a third world war. This was headed in the wrong direction. If this election were lost, if we didn't win this election. And by the way, we won it by a lot.

Donald Trump: That was a mandate. We won every swing state. We won the popular vote by millions and millions of votes. We won everything, the districts. You look at the areas of red, take a look at a map, this was a big mandate. And this was one of the things, I said we're going to get this thing settled. If we didn't win, this could have very well ended up in a third world war and that would not have been a good situation.

Donald Trump: What was your second question?

Question: My second question, for President Zelenskyy now. Why don't you wear a suit? Why don't you wear a suit? You're at the highest level in this country's office and you refuse to wear a suit. Just want to see if you, do own a suit?

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: You have problems?

Question: A lot of Americans have problems with you not respecting the dignity of this office.

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: I will wear costume after this war will finish.

Question: OK.

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: Yes. Maybe something like yours, yes.

Question: That would be--

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: Maybe something better. I don't know. We will see, maybe something cheaper than--yeah.

Question: Thank you.

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: Thank you. Thank you for--

Note: [Crosstalk]

Question: Thank you, President Trump. You said yesterday that you have— Are you going to send more arms to Ukraine in case there's no peace?

Donald Trump: Yeah, we're going to have arms to Ukraine. Yeah, sure. Hopefully, I won't have to send very much because hopefully we're going to have it finished. We're looking forward to finishing this quickly. We're not looking forward to sending a lot of arms. We're looking forward to getting the war finished so we can do other things.

Donald Trump: But we very much appreciate the agreement because we needed what they had and our country is now treated fairly. Biden didn't do that. He didn't know what the hell he was doing. This should have never happened. This should have never started. But sure, the answer is yes. But hopefully we won't have to send much because I'm looking forward to getting it done quickly, very quickly.

Question: Does that mean you provide security guarantees, Mr. President?

Donald Trump: I don't want to talk about security yet because I want to get the deal done. You fall into the same trap like everybody else, a million times, you say it over and over. I want to get the deal done. Security is so easy. That's about two percent of the problem. I'm not worried about security. I'm worried about getting the deal done.

Donald Trump: The security is the easy part. Security is very nice. Everybody stop shooting. And now, will Europe put people there? I know France is going to. I know the UK is going to. I know other countries are going to, and they happen to be right next door. We haven't committed, but we could conceivably. We have security in a different form.

Donald Trump: We'll have workers there digging, digging, digging, taking the raw earth so that we can create a lot of great product in this country. So in that sense, you have something. But we haven't determined that yet. I will say in speaking to France and in speaking to -- and they were here, as you know, last week and just the other day.

Donald Trump: Uh, they have committed to a lot of security. I don't think you're going to need much security. I think once this deal gets done, it's over. Russia is not going to want to go back. And nobody's going to want to go back. When this --

Question: President Zelenskyy is --

Donald Trump: When this deal ends, I really believe this deal is -- is going to be over.

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: [Inaudible] question.

Donald Trump: Yeah, please go ahead.

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: Yeah, thank you so much.

Donald Trump: Go ahead, please.

Question: Mr. President, thank you. You had -- you hosted Macron and Keir Starmer at the White House this past week, both of whom praised your courage and conviction to lead the pathway towards peace.

Donald Trump: Yes.

Question: Part of that involved though reengaging Russia in diplomatic relations, something that previous leaders lacked the conviction to do so. What gave you the moral courage and conviction to step forward and lead that?

Donald Trump: Oh, I love this guy. [Laughter] Who are you with?

Question: One America News, sir?

Donald Trump: Well, that's why I like him. One America News does a great job. That's very -- I like the question. I think it's a very good question. It is, it's a pathway to peace. It's a pathway to getting something solved. And I feel that as the head of this country, I have an obligation to do that. Plus, you know, we're very much involved.

Donald Trump: We got involved. Uh, it's too bad we got involved because there should have been no involvement because there should have been no war. And there shouldn't have been October 7th. That would have never happened. As you know, Iran was broke. They had no money to give to Hezbollah. They had no money to give to Hamas.

Donald Trump: They were stone cold broke. And then under Biden, they became rich as hell. They went from no money to $ 300 billion in a period of four years. And they gave a lot of that money away. And you see what happened. And that's a real mess also that we hope to be able to solve. But no, I appreciate your question very much.

Donald Trump: It's just -- I feel I have an obligation to try and do something to stop the death. [Crosstalk]

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: I can -- I believe I can answer -- yes, if I can answer, sorry.

Donald Trump: Go ahead.

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: Please, please.

Donald Trump: And I do like your clothing, by the way.

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: Oh, really.

Donald Trump: Even though I have to -- I think he's a great guy by the way. But I don't know if you two like each other, but you know what, I think he's dressed -- [Laughter]

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: No, no, I --

Donald Trump: I think he's dressed --

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: I like this guy. I don't know him.

Donald Trump: I think he's dressed beautifully.

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: So I have more -- [Laughter] I have more serious things than two answer on such question.

Donald Trump: That's a -- that's a --

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: I will answer on more serious question if I can.

Donald Trump: That's a good statement.

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: Yeah, so please, uh, about security guarantees and about the ceasefire. We can't just speak about ceasefire and speak and speak. It will not work. Just ceasefire will not never work. Because I'm like a president. I have -- I have this experience and not only me Ukraine before -- before my presidency from the 2014 Putin broken 25 times. 25 times, he's broken his own signature. 25 times, he broken ceasefire.

Donald Trump: But -- but he never broke to me. He never broke to me.

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: No, no, you were the president.

Donald Trump: He never broke --

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: You are the president.

Donald Trump: He never broke to me.

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: In 2016, you been the president, Mr. -- Mr. President. You've been the president, but he for -- he had, of course, not with you, but he had during those periods he had conversations with our side. And we had Normandy format, you know, the France, Germany, Ukraine and Russia. And he broke it 25 times. That's why we will never accept just ceasefire.

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: It will not work without security guarantees. Security guarantees, maybe president is right about this document and other, but this document is not enough. Strong army isn't enough because his soldiers afraid, Putin's soldiers afraid of our soldiers when we are strong enough. If we are not strong enough, if we are empty, if our storage is empty, we can't defend our -- our land today, you know?

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: He knows that we have -- all the world knows that we have meeting. Yes? Why he's using ballistic? Putin today using ballistic on our hospitals, schools and etc. Ballistic. So he knows that we are here, and that President Trump is really -- have goodwill to stop -- to stop this war. And I -- and you -- you hear now the president, so why he's using?

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: So he doesn't want to stop. He doesn't want to. But I hope that we will do it. Really, we'll do it. Security. When we speak about security guarantees, when the Europeans are ready for contingencies, they need USA backstop. If they will not be United States, we will not never have any contingents, strong contingents from the Europeans because they don't want to divide airlines, connection between the United States and the main and strongest ally and Europeans.

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: This is crucial. This is important. That's what we want to speak about very much. This is very important. And they air defense. So air defense, really, we have big deficit with all these systems. And we need to provide this. We need it very much. Otherwise, Putin will never stop and will go further and further.

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: He doesn't want -- he hates us, you know? It's not about me. He hates Ukrainians. He thinks that we are not a nation. He thinks and he shared these thoughts, I think maybe with your team also, I don't know, but with all the Europeans in media, official and not, he always said that there is no such country, such nation, such language and such life like Ukrainian.

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: No, he really doesn't respect all the Ukrainians. And he wants to destroy us. We -- we -- and you are right, Mr. President, that's two percent. This document, maybe other documents. It's a very good start, very good, but it will not enough to stop this person.

Note: [Crosstalk]

Question: Should Russia change [Inaudible] Ukraine? Mr. President? Mr. President? Mr. President, under these circumstances -- Should Russia pay to rebuild Ukraine?

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: This is the rule --

Note: [Crosstalk]

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: This is the rule of the war. During all the centuries, all the history, this is the rule of the war, who began, those pay.

Question: Do you agree --

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: This is a rule. Putin began this war. He has to pay. All money for renovation, he has to pay. Of course, some Russian assets would be -- have now in Europe about $ 300 billion, we can use them. We can use them for renovation and buy military support from the United States also. We can do it, but it's not enough.

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: It's not enough.

Question: Mr. President? Mr. President?

Note: [Crosstalk]

Question: Under these circumstances, do you envision the trilateral summit with Putin and President Zelenskyy?

Donald Trump: Wait, one second.

Question: I want to ask this question that you didn't like because I wanted to know if you want to position yourself in the middle between Russia and Ukraine?

Donald Trump: Yes, I do.

Question: Or on the Ukraine side?

Donald Trump: No, I'm in the middle. I want to solve this thing. I'm for -- I'm for both. I want to get it solved. And it's wonderful to speak badly about somebody else, but I want to get it solved. If we can solve it, great. If we can solve it, they're going to have to fight it out. And who knows what's going to happen.

Donald Trump: But I want to see it get solved.

Question: May I follow up? Mr. -- One more question about US troops in Europe. After Russian invasion of Ukraine, your predecessor sent additional troops to Eastern Europe, including Poland, my country. Are you committed to keeping these troops on the eastern flank of NATO in the future?

Donald Trump: I'm very committed to Poland. I think Poland has really stepped up and done a great job for NATO. They -- as you know, they paid more than they had to. They are one of the finest groups of people I've ever known. I'm very committed to Poland.

Question: What about --

Donald Trump: Poland is in a tough neighborhood, you know.

Question: What about Baltic, the Baltics?

Donald Trump: The Baltics, they got a lot of -- it's a tough neighborhood too. But we're committed. We're going to be very committed. And we're committed to NATO. But NATO has to step up. And the Europeans have to step up more than they have. And I want to see them equalize because they are in for far less than we're in. And they should be at least equal.

Donald Trump: You understand that. Why is the United States, we have an ocean in between, why is the United States in for so much more money and other things as Europe? With that being said and as you said, they've also been obviously very helpful, but we have put in far more than they have. And I think they should equalize.

Note: [Crosstalk]

Question: Mr. President? Mr. President?

Donald Trump: Please, go ahead.

Question: I wanted to ask you about the agreement again today. What changed between the first time that Secretary Bessent gave President Zelenskyy the agreement and today for the signing?

Donald Trump: We made a deal, so --

Question: What was the deal? Was there deciding factor --

Donald Trump: I'm just -- I'm a businessperson. We made a deal. That's what changed.

Note: [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: I didn't think we were going to make a deal. And we ended up making the deal, so that changed.

Question: Mr. President, why and how do you envision a trilateral summit with President Zelenskyy? And --

Donald Trump: I don't know, but it's -- well they don't like each other. I can tell you that OK. [Laughter] They do not like each other. This is not a love match. And it's unfortunate. That's why you're in this situation. Mr. President -- The United States should not have allowed this to happen. OK? The United States, run by a man that didn't know much, I'm going to be very nice, run by an incompetent person, a very incompetent person should never have allowed this to happen.

Donald Trump: I've stopped wars. I've stopped many wars. My people will tell you. I stopped wars that nobody ever heard about. I stopped wars before they ever started. You can look at some of -- some of -- I could give you a lot of nations that would tell you right now they were probably going to war. I could tell you, right now, there's a nation thinking about going to war on something that nobody in this room has ever even heard about, two smaller nations, but big, still big.

Donald Trump: And I --

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: About --

Donald Trump: I think I've stopped it. But this should have never happened.

Question: Mr. President --

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: About -- uh, sorry, just a second. About any negotiations. First of all, I want really to tell you and I think that everybody understands that more than Ukrainians, nobody wants to stop this war. But at the future, any negotiations, it's understandable that two sides of the war, not Russia and the United States, because this is not the war between Russia and the United States.

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: This is war of Russia against Ukraine and Ukrainian people. So these two sides will be, any way, will be at the negotiation and negotiation table. Then of course the United States, like the strongest partner of the Ukraine, and of course Europe. I think Europe is very important. I want to speak about it with the president.

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: Yes, Europe is very important for us because we really defend Europe for today. All Europeans are really recognizing that we are defending the line and they have real life and our people are dying. That's why they helped us. And also it's about the need, yes, between like the president said you have big nice ocean.

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: Yes, between us, but if we will not stay, Russia will go further to Baltics and to Poland by the way. But first to the Baltics, it's understandable for them because they've been -- they've been in the USSR, you know, they've been one of the republics of the USSR And Putin wants to bring them back to his empire.

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: It's a fact and when he will go there, if we will not stay, you will fight, your American soldiers, it doesn't matter. Do you have ocean or not, your soldiers will fight.

Question: Mr. President, what are you willing to visit Ukraine, maybe Kyiv or Odessa, which is known to be a 30 year old city?

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: It was my question. [Laughter]

Donald Trump: I don't want to talk about Odessa now. Let's not talk about Odessa. I want to talk about making a deal getting peace. We don't have to talk about Odessa, but a lot of cities have been destroyed. A lot of cities that are not recognizable, there's not a building standing and a lot of -- a lot of things have to happen --

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: You have to come and to look, no, no, no. We have very good cities. Yes, a lot of things have been destroyed, but mostly cities alive and people work and children go to school, sometimes it's very difficult, sometimes closer to front line. Children have to go to underground schools or online, but we live.

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: Ukraine is fighting and Ukraine lives. This is very important and maybe it's Putin is sharing this information that he destroyed us. No, he lost 700,000 people, 700,000 soldiers, he lost everything. Yes.

Question: So Mr. President, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Please go ahead.

Question: When did you last speak with President Putin and what did he say that --

Donald Trump: A couple of days ago.

Question: And and what did he tell you that gave you the assurance that he wanted peace?

Donald Trump: Well, that's what I do. My whole life is deals, I know pretty good uh and I really -- I've -- I've known him for a long time. I've dealt with him for a long time. He had to suffer through the Russia hoax, you know Russia, Russia, Russia was a hoax, it was all Biden. It was nothing to do with him. So he had to suffer through that and he was able to do that.

Donald Trump: I think that he wants to make a deal and he'd like to see it end. That's all I do. That's what I do my whole life that's what I do is make deals and I'm in the middle of a mess because this is a real mess. It's a very dangerous one. If this doesn't get solved now, it's not going to get solved for a long time.

Donald Trump: So I hope we're going to -- I hope we're going to get it solved. In the back please.

Question: Thank you, Mr. President. Prime Minister Starmer claimed repeatedly that his government believes in free speech and does not engage in censorship. But his country's government arrests people for memes and tough crimes and even more worrisome is pressuring American companies to censor Americans on its behalf.

Question: How can he be a reliable trustworthy partner when he says things that are demonstrably false on such an important topic?

Donald Trump: Well, we actually spoke to him about that yesterday and we thought they took it very, very much too far. JD was very strong on it. So was I and so was Marco and we've been speaking to him about it. Marco, would you like to say something about that?

Marco Rubio: We have concerns obviously with the conduct of our -- particularly as it impacts Americans and there's real concern that Americans free speech, which is online, could fall into the hands of the British or any country's jurisdiction. And so this is a point the Vice President made in Munich and I think it's a very compelling one that what unites us with Europe as much as anything else is these shared values and one of them being free speech.

Marco Rubio: And so Americans are threatened by it. We're going to need to take action in that regard.

Question: Mr. President --

Donald Trump: it's a big -- it's actually a very important question.

J.D. Vance: We spoke about this in detail with the Prime Minister and the Foreign Secretary and others at lunch yesterday. And I know that Secretary of Commerce Lutnick followed up in private meetings last night. This is really important. We believe Americans have the right to speak their mind even if we in this room disagree with them.

J.D. Vance: They have the right to speak their mind in the public square, which is often online these days. And we're going to defend that right as it pertains to American companies and American citizens vigorously if we have to. I do think that under the President's leadership, we're going to find common ground with our friends in the UK on this question.

J.D. Vance: But it remains to be seen. The principle that will guide us is we believe in free speech in this country and will fight for it for American citizens.

Question: Mr -- Mr. President on the deal, is there any other oil and gas component to the deal or is it all --

Donald Trump: A little bit we'll see --

Question: On LNG --

Donald Trump: But we're not really looking for that so much. We got a lot we have more than anybody in the world by far. So no, we're not talking about it too much, but a little bit. I think it affects also, but for the most part, no.

Question: Sir, is there any agreement from Ukraine to purchase us LNG as part of the deal --

Donald Trump: No. No.

Question: Or is that on the table at all?

Donald Trump: No. We don't need that.

Question: Mr. President, I just wanted to ask you about -- you just mentioned that you'd spoken to Vladimir Putin a couple of days ago. Just to be clear, that's a new call, not the one that --

Donald Trump: I've spoken to him on numerous occasions.

Question: Ok. How was the latest call and what did you discuss? How did it go?

Donald Trump: Are you serious with that question?

Question: I am -- I'd love to know.

Donald Trump: It went well. [Laughter] I think I think we're going to have a deal.

Question: On the minerals deal. Mr. President, some of those minerals are in the east of Ukraine, not far from the front lines and in areas of Russia --

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: Very good question. Thank you so much.

Question: [Inaudible] President Putin to withdraw his forces from those areas. If you're -- there's U.S. interests there.

Donald Trump: Well, we'll take a look at it at the time. We have a lot of area. It's a very big area we're talking about. So we'll take a look, I'll study that and I'll see.

Question: And who would protect those minerals if they are US interests, would that be Ukrainian [Inaudible]?

Donald Trump: They'll be protected. The agreement will protect them.

Question: US forces?

Donald Trump: The agreement, yeah, we're signing an agreement.

Question: You know what If Russia tries to invade or there's Russian aggression?

Donald Trump: I just told you, I don't think that's going to happen. And if that were going to happen, I wouldn't make a deal if I thought that was going to happen, I wouldn't make a deal.

Question: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: You know, they ought to focus on CNN on survival, not asking me these ridiculous questions, focus on surviving because CNN's got such low ratings. I don't think they're going to survive uh, let's go -- yeah, please go ahead.

Question: This is already -- I already mentioned Poland. Poland was under Russian control for decades after the Second World War. When I was a kid, I looked at the United States not only as a most powerful country, richest country in the world, the country that has great music, great movies, great muscle cars, but also as a force for good.

Question: Do you -- And now I'm talking with my friends in Poland and they are worried that you align yourself too much with Putin. What's your message for them?

Donald Trump: Well, if I didn't align myself with both of them, you'd never have a deal. You want me to say, uh, really terrible things about Putin and then say hi, Vladimir. How are we doing on the deal? It doesn't work that way. [Laughter] I'm not aligned with Putin. I'm not aligned with anybody. I'm aligned with the United States of America.

Donald Trump: And for the good of the world. I'm aligned with the world. And I want to get this thing over with. You see the hatred he's got for Putin. It's very tough for me to make a deal with that kind of hate. He's got tremendous hatred. And I understand that. But I can tell you the other side is exactly in love with, you know, him either.

Donald Trump: So it's not a question of alignment. I have to -- I'm aligned with the world. I want to get the thing set. I'm aligned with Europe. I want to see if we can get this thing done. You want me to be tough? I could be tougher than any human being you've ever seen. I'd be so tough, but you're never going to get a deal that way, so. That's the way it goes.

Donald Trump: All right. One more question.

Note: [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: Please.

J.D. Vance: I want to respond to this. So look, for four years, the United States of America, we had a president who stood up at press conferences and talked tough about Vladimir Putin. And then, Putin invaded Ukraine and destroyed a significant chunk of the country. The path to peace and the path to prosperity is maybe engaging in diplomacy.

J.D. Vance: We tried the pathway of Joe Biden of thumping our chest and pretending that the president of the United States words mattered more than the president of the United States is actions. What makes America a good country is America engaging in diplomacy. That's what President Trump is doing.

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: Can I ask you?

J.D. Vance: Sure.

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: Yeah?

J.D. Vance: Yeah.

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: Okay. So he occupied our parts, big parts of Ukraine, part of East and Crimea, so he occupied it on 2014. So during a lot of years, I'm not speaking about just Biden, but those time was Obama -- then President Obama, then President Trump, then President Biden, now the President Trump. And God bless now President Trump will stop him.

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: But during 2014, nobody stopped him. He just occupied and took. He killed people. You know, what the --

Donald Trump: 2015?

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: 2014

J.D. Vance: 2014-2015?

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: 2014, Yeah, yeah.

Donald Trump: I was -- I was not here.

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: So he killed --

Donald Trump: I was not here.

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: Yeah, but -- but --

J.D. Vance: That's exactly right.

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: Yes, but during 2014 till 2022, you had -- was the situation the same that people have been dying on the contact line. Nobody stopped him. You know that. We had conversations with him. A lot of conversations. My bilateral conversations. And we signed with him. Me, like you, president, in 2019, I signed with him the deal.

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: I signed with him, Macron and Merkel, we signed ceasefire. Ceasefire. All of them told me that he will never go. We signed him with gas contract, gas contract, yes. But after that he broken the ceasefire. He killed our people. And he didn't exchange prisoners. We signed the exchange of prisoners. He didn't do it. What kind of diplomacy, JD, you are speaking about?

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: What -- what -- what -- what do you mean?

J.D. Vance: I'm talking about the kind of diplomacy that's going to end the destruction of your country.

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: Yeah but --

J.D. Vance: -- But, Mr. President -- Mr. President, with respect, I think it's disrespectful for you to come into the Oval Office and try to litigate this in front of the American media. Right now you guys are going around and forcing conscripts to the front lines because you have manpower problems. You should be thanking the president for trying to bring an end to this conflict --

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: Have you ever been to Ukraine that you say what problems we have?

J.D. Vance: I have been to --

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: Then come once.

J.D. Vance: I have actually -- I've actually watched and seen the stories and I know that what happens is you bring people, you bring them on a propaganda tour, Mr. President. Do you disagree that you've had problems bringing people into your military?

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: Do we have problems?

J.D. Vance: And do you think that it's respectful --

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: -- I will answer --

J.D. Vance: -- to come to the Oval Office of the United States of America and attack the administration that is trying to -- trying to prevent the destruction of your country?

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: A lot of -- a lot of questions, let's start from the beginning.

J.D. Vance: Sure.

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: First of all, during the war, everybody has problems, even you, but you have nice ocean and don't feel now, but you will feel it in the future. God bless --

Donald Trump: -- You don't know that --

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: God bless you, god bless you, you would not have a war.

Donald Trump: Don't tell us what we're going to feel. We're trying to solve a problem. Don't tell us what we're going to feel.

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: I'm not telling you. I'm answering all his questions.

Donald Trump: You're in no position to dictate that. Remember this.

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: I'm not dictating.

J.D. Vance: That's exactly what you're doing.

Donald Trump: You're in no position to dictate what we're going to feel. We're going to feel very good.

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: You will feel influence.

Donald Trump: We're going to feel very good and very strong.

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: I'm telling you, you will feel influence.

Donald Trump: You're right now not in a very good position, you've allowed yourself to be in a very bad --

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: From the -- from the very beginning of the war --

Donald Trump: -- position and he happens to be right about it.

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: -- From the very beginning of the war --

Donald Trump: -- You're not in a good position. You don't have the cards right now. With us, you start having cards.

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: I'm not playing cards.

Donald Trump: Right now, you don't --

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: I'm serious, Mr. President. I'm very serious.

Donald Trump: You're playing cards, you're playing cards, you're gambling with the lives of millions of people. You're gambling with World War III.

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: What are you thinking about? What are you thinking about it?

Donald Trump: You're gambling with World War III. And what you're doing is very disrespectful to the country, this country.

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: I'm giving respect to your country.

Donald Trump: That's back to you. Far more than a lot of people said they should have.

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: [Inaudible] respect.

J.D. Vance: Have you said thank you once this entire meeting?

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: A lot of times.

J.D. Vance: No, in this entire meeting have you said, thank you.

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: I said thank you today.

J.D. Vance: You went to Pennsylvania and campaigned for the opposition in October, offer some words of appreciation for the United States of America --

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: -- What are you thinking about?

Donald Trump: -- and the president who's trying to save your country.

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: Please you think that if you will speak very loudly about the war you --

Donald Trump: -- He's not speaking loudly, he's not speaking loudly. Your country is in big trouble.

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: Can -- can -- can I answer?

Donald Trump: No, no. You've done a lot of talking. Your country is in big trouble.

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: I know.

Donald Trump: You're not winning.

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: I know.

Donald Trump: You're not winning this. You have a damn good chance of coming out, okay because of us.

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: We are staying. Mr. President, we are staying in our country, staying strong from the very beginning of the war we've been alone and we are thankful. I said thanks --

Donald Trump: -- You haven't been --

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: -- in this cabinet.

Donald Trump: You haven't been alone.

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: I said thanks in this cabinet.

Donald Trump: You haven't been alone. We gave you through this stupid president $350 billion.

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: You voted for your president.

Donald Trump: We gave you military equipment.

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: You voted for your president.

Donald Trump: You and your men are brave, but they had to use our military.

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: What about [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: If you didn't have our military equipment --

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: -- You invited me.

Donald Trump: If you didn't have our military equipment --

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: -- You invited me to speak.

Donald Trump: -- this war would have been over in two weeks.

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: In three days I heard it from Putin, in three days. This is something --

Donald Trump: -- Maybe less.

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: In two weeks. Of course, yes.

Donald Trump: It's going to be a very hard thing to do business like this, I tell you.

J.D. Vance: You say thank you --

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: -- I said a lot of times thank you --

J.D. Vance: -- Accept that there -- accept --

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: -- to the American people.

J.D. Vance: -- accept that there are disagreements and let's go litigate those disagreements rather than trying to fight it out in the American media when you're wrong. We know that you're wrong.

Donald Trump: But you see, I think it's good for the American people to see what's going on.

J.D. Vance: I understand, sir.

Donald Trump: I think it's very important that's why I kept this going so long. You have to be thankful. You don't have the cards.

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: I'm thankful.

Donald Trump: You're buried there, your people are dying.

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: I can tell you again -- I know --

Donald Trump: -- You're running low on soldiers. Listen --

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: Don't -- don't -- please --

Donald Trump: -- You're running low on soldiers.

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: -- Mr. President --

Donald Trump: It would be a damn good thing --

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: -- Mr. President --

Donald Trump: -- and then you then you tell us I don't want a ceasefire. I don't want a ceasefire. I want to go and I wanted this. Look, if you could get a ceasefire right now, I tell you you'd take it, so the bullets stop flying and your men stop getting killed.

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: Of course -- of course we want to stop the war.

Donald Trump: But you're saying you don't want a ceasefire?

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: But I -- but I said to you --

Donald Trump: -- I want a ceasefire --

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: -- with guarantees.

Donald Trump: Because you'll get a ceasefire faster than any agreement.

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: Ask our people about ceasefire. What they think?

Donald Trump: That wasn't with me.

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: It doesn't matter for you what --

Donald Trump: -- That wasn't with me, that was with a guy named Biden who was not a smart person.

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: But this was your -- this is your president --

Donald Trump: -- That was with Obama.

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: It was your president.

Donald Trump: Excuse me, that was with Obama who gave you your sheets and I gave you javelins.

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: Yes.

Donald Trump: I gave you the javelins to take out all those tanks. Obama gave you sheets. In fact, the statement is Obama gave sheets and Trump gave javelins, you got to be more thankful because let me tell you, you don't have the cards. With us, you have the cards, but without us you don't have any cards.

Question: One more question, Mr. Vice President, I'm sorry, here.

Donald Trump: It's gonna be a tough deal to make because the attitudes have to change.

Question: What if Russia breaks ceasefire? What if Russia breaks peace talks? What do we do then? I understand that it's a heated conversation right now.

Donald Trump: What are you saying?

J.D. Vance: She's asking what if Russia breaks the ceasefire?

Donald Trump: What if they -- what, if anything? What if a bomb drops on your head right now?

Question: But they have broken ceasefire --

Donald Trump: Okay. What if they broke it? I don't know. They broke it with Biden because Biden they didn't respect him. They didn't respect Obama. They respect me. Let me tell you, Putin went through a hell of a lot with me. He went through a phony witch hunt, where they used him and Russia, Russia, Russia, Russia. You ever hear of that deal?

Donald Trump: That was a phony -- that was a phony hunter Biden, Joe Biden scam, Hillary Clinton, Shifty Adam Schiff. It was a Democrat scam and he had to go through that and he did go through it and we didn't end up in a war and he went through it. He was accused of all that stuff. He had nothing to do with it. It came out of Hunter Biden's bathroom.

Donald Trump: It came out of Hunter Biden's bedroom, it was disgusting. And then they said, oh, oh, the laptop from hell was made by Russia, the 51 agents, the whole thing was a scam and he had to put up with that. He was being accused of all that stuff. All I can say is this, he might have broken deals with Obama and Bush and he might have broken them with Biden.

Donald Trump: He did maybe, maybe he didn't, I don't know what happened, but he didn't break him with me. He wants to make a deal. I don't know if you can make a deal. The problem is I've empowered you to be a tough guy and I don't think you'd be a tough guy without the United States and your people are very brave.

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: Thank you.

Donald Trump: But you're either going to make a deal or we're out and if we're out, you'll fight it out. I don't think it's going to be pretty, but you'll fight it out, but you don't have the cards. But once we sign that deal, you're in a much better position, but you're not acting at all thankful and that's not a nice thing.

Donald Trump: I'll be honest, that's not a nice thing. All right. I think we've seen enough. What do you think, huh? This is -- this is going to be great television. [Laughter] I will say that. All right, we'll see what we can do about putting it together.

Note: [Crosstalk]

Unidentified: Thank you. All right, guys. Let's go. Guys, come on, let's go.

Donald Trump: We'll see, I don't know.

Unidentified: All right, guys. Guys, come on, please. Hey, come on. Let's go -- let's go guys come on, let's move. Please, please, thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.