Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-tech-ceo-dinner-september-4-2025

Donald Trump: Thank you very much, everybody. It's an honor to be here with this group of people. And they're leading a revolution in business and ingenious and in every other word I think you can imagine. There's never been anything like it. The most brilliant people are gathered around this table. This is definitely a high IQ group and I'm very proud of them.

Donald Trump: I know all of them indirectly and I know some of them very well, but I know everybody at the table indirectly through reading about you and studying, knowing a lot about your business, actually. We're making it very easy for you in terms of electric capacity and getting it for you, getting your permits. We're leading China by a lot, by a Ð really, by a great amount.

Donald Trump: And I just wanted to -- the press was going a little bit crazy because they saw this group together, so I thought we would let you have a little access, a little quick access. And I thought if you would like to say, if anybody would like to say a few words or maybe describe some of the great things that you're doing with your company.

Donald Trump: I know, Mark, you're building some buildings that are as large as Manhattan.

Mark Zuckerberg: It's a fraction.

Donald Trump: That was pretty good, right? It's pretty good. So I thought you'd say a few words and we can take a couple of questions later, maybe. Mark, would you like to say a few words about the company?

Mark Zuckerberg: Sure. Well, I mean -- I mean, it's Ð sorry, should I turn this on?

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Mark Zuckerberg: All right. Well, thanks for hosting us and this is quite a group to get together.

Donald Trump: It is.

Mark Zuckerberg: And you know, I think, you know, all of the companies here are building -- just making huge investments in the country in order to build out data centers and infrastructure to power the next wave of innovation. So it's -- you know, we don't often get together as the CEOs of the different companies, but it's good to see everyone.

Donald Trump: How much are you spending, would you say, over the next few years?

Mark Zuckerberg: Oh, gosh. I mean, I think it's probably going to be something like, I don't know, at least $600 billion through '28 in the US. Yeah.

Donald Trump: It's a lot.

Mark Zuckerberg: No, it's significant.

Donald Trump: That's a lot. Thank you, Mark. It's great to have you.

Mark Zuckerberg: Thank you.

Donald Trump: Great to have you. David, you know, you've done a wonderful job in working with the White House, a great expert. Would you like to say a few words?

David Sacks: Thank you, Mr. President. It's a great honor to work here at the White House and to work for you. You really care about this industry and all Americans. And I think you've done a tremendous amount already to unleash our innovators and also help build out the infrastructure of the country. And it's doing a lot not just for tech companies but for ordinary working Americans, the construction industry, the trades, electricians, carpenters.

David Sacks: There's a boom happening right now in AI because of what President Trump has done in terms of stimulating investment, it's going to benefit all Americans. So it's really a thrill to be part of and this is a really incredible group that you've assembled here. And it's really -- it's, like I said, it's just a great honor to have a foot in each one of these worlds and being part of it, sot hank you.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. And Sergey, you were saying a lot in the Oval Office. I figured just somebody that likes to speak, with his really wonderful MAGA girlfriend. So would you like to say a few words?

Sergey Brin: Well, babe, do you want to say something?

Gerelyn Gilbert-Soto: Truly, every time I'm here or in your presence, I'm so grateful. So thank you. It's like --

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Gerelyn Gilbert-Soto: I can't believe it every time, like the inauguration, here. I think you're doing amazing work.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.

Gerelyn Gilbert-Soto: We actually were just with Ð Leonardo?

Sergey Brin: Leopold, Leopold.

Gerelyn Gilbert-Soto: Leopold.

Sergey Brin: Should I mention -- yeah, he's in Venezuela.

Gerelyn Gilbert-Soto: He's -- sorry [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: Right, right.

Sergey Brin: And you're applying a lot of pressure to Maduro and I think that's phenomenal for an American president to actually be applying pressure there, in Venezuela and then hopefully in Cuba and so forth. So there's a lot of civil rights work that you're leading, we didn't get a chance to mention. I also just wanted to mention, we don't have to get into all the details talked about in the Oval Office, but I think it's a real incredible inflection point right now in AI. And the fact that your administration is supporting our companies instead of fighting with them, it's hugely important.

Donald Trump: Obviously, it's a global race and I think we're at the cusp where these AI models are about to become profoundly useful kind of beyond the, OK, wow, it's cool, can do that. But actually, day-to-day, incredible utility, incredible productivity, so very grateful for your administration's support. Well, you had a very good day yesterday.

Donald Trump: Google had a very good day yesterday and do you want to talk about that big day you had yesterday?

Sundar Pichai: I'm glad it's over and Ð

Donald Trump: Biden was the one that prosecuted that lawsuit, you know that, right?

Sundar Pichai: Yeah. Look, it's a long process. I appreciate that, you know, your administration had a constructive dialog and we were able to get it to some resolution.

Donald Trump: Right.

Sundar Pichai: I would echo what Sergey said. I think the AI moment is one of the most transformative moments any of us have ever seen or will see in our lifetimes. So making sure the US is at the forefront and I think your administration is investing a lot. Already, the AI action plan under your leadership I think is a great start and we look forward to working together and thanks for your leadership.

Donald Trump: Great job you're doing.

Sundar Pichai: Thank you.

Donald Trump: Incredible, really, job. Lisa, how about you?

Lisa Su: Well, Mr. President, it's such an honor to be here and the incredible work that your administration has done to support the semiconductor industry. You know, we're building the brains behind all of the wonderful AI that's being built here. And I think the amount of acceleration that we've seen just in the few short months that the administration has been in place is really -- we're so grateful for that support.

Lisa Su: And we had a wonderful event this afternoon with the first lady's support of the AI education plan. So I think the main message is we are all in to make sure that America wins the AI race and it's an honor to be here.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. Great job you're doing too. Amazing job what you've done in a short period of time, really amazing. And I see somebody down there, Bill, from Microsoft, that has done a pretty good job too. I'll tell you what, I had that stock. It was 28 and now it's about 500 and something I don't know.

Donald Trump: It's -- what a job you've done. Would you say a few words about your company?

Satya Nadella: Absolutely, Mr. President. Thank you so much obviously for bringing us all together and the policies that you have put in place for the United States to lead. And one of the things that I think has made this industry unique is not only the innovation, but it's the market access that you have obviously championed for us all over the world and also the trust the world has on American technology.

Satya Nadella: I think that everything that you're doing in terms of setting in place the platform where the rest of the world cannot only use our technology, but trust our technology more than any other alternative is perhaps the most important issue. And you and you and your policies are really helping a lot, so thank you very much.

Satya Nadella: And also, I wanted to thank Madam, First Lady for hosting what I think is perhaps the most defining issue, which is about skilling an economic opportunity that comes with AI. And so I deeply appreciate you -- your leadership there as well.

Donald Trump: Thank you, really -- and a really amazing job you've done.

Satya Nadella: Thank you.

Donald Trump: Bill, would you like to say a few words?

Bill Gates: Sure. Well, I'm in the second phase of my career, giving away all the wonderful money that Satya's good work has helped multiply a lot. But I think the thing that ties uh my first career, that I still spend some time on because AI is so phenomenal, and my second career is innovation, innovating in health in areas like vaccines or gene editing.

Bill Gates: And the president and I are talking about taking American innovation to the next level to cure and even eradicate some of these diseases. He mentioned polio, which is one that we're close. We don't need new science on that one. For some like HIV and sickle cell, we do need new science, but the US has the seeds.

Bill Gates: In the same way that Warp Speed took those seeds and put them together, I think something fantastic can be done. AI for our foundation is that we want a doctor for everyone, in Africa through AI. We want farmers to have incredible advice and you know kids to have a chance to learn. So the work being done by the people at this table is changing the world.

Bill Gates: It's coming fast, so it's great. And we all get together and talk about how the US can lead in this key area and apply it even to the poorest outside the US, as well as to our great citizens. So thank you for incredible leadership, including getting this group together.

Donald Trump: Thank you, Bill. That's very nice. Tim Cook, you've done an incredible job with Apple, a little company called Apple.

Tim Cook: Thank you, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Very, very few people have been able to do what you've done. Congratulations. Please.

Tim Cook: Thank you, sir. That means a lot to me. I want to thank you for including me this evening. It's incredible to be among everyone here, particularly you and the first lady. I've always enjoyed having dinner and interacting. I want to thank you for setting the tone such that we could make a major investment in the United States and have some key manufacturing, advanced manufacturing here.

Tim Cook: I think that says a lot about your focus and your leadership and your focus on innovation. I also want to thank you for helping American companies around the world. This is a very key thing, and I really enjoy working with your administration on those topics as well, because I think they're so important to the country.

Tim Cook: I want to thank the First lady for focusing on education. There's nothing more important than education. It is the great equalizer and always will be. And so thank you so much for including me. We are all different in some ways, but we all believe in the power of technology to improve people's lives and that is the thing that that binds us all together.

Donald Trump: And Tim, how much money will Apple be investing in the United States? Because I know it's a very lot and it's -- you know, you were elsewhere and now you're really coming home in a big way. How much money will you be investing?

Tim Cook: $600 billion.

Donald Trump: $600 billion. All right. It's a lot of jobs.

Tim Cook: We're very proud to do it.

Donald Trump: That's great. Thank you very much.

Tim Cook: Thank you.

Donald Trump: Appreciate it.

Tim Cook: Thank you, sir.

Donald Trump: Sam, you're a big leader of a very new industry, at very young age. You're a young guy. Do you want to tell us about your -- what you're doing? You told me things before that are absolutely unbelievable. So what are you doing?

Sam Altman: First of all, to echo the comments of Tim and others, thank you so much for getting us all together and thank you for being such a pro-business, pro-innovation president. It's a very refreshing change. We're very excited to see what you're doing to make all of our companies and our entire country so successful.

Sam Altman: The investment that's happening here, the ability to get the power and the industry back in the United States, I think this will set us up for, you know, a long period of great success leading the world, and I don't think that would be happening now without you leadership. We're very grateful to be able to build our company here, to build data centers here to build the entire AI industry and lead the world in the United States.

Sam Altman: Echoing many other people's comments, I think this will transform the world in a profound way, and I think it really will be the United States advantage to be able to lead the world this way. The event that the first lady hosted today about education was really wonderful and watching what AI is doing even today for education and so many other industries is really great.

Sam Altman: So thank you so much for enabling this we will invest a ton in the United States, and we will do our best to make sure that we continue to lead here.

Donald Trump: That's right. Thank you. Hundreds of billions of dollars and it's going to be well worth it and you have an unlimited market, right?

Sam Altman: It seems like it.

Donald Trump: Come to think of it, how much is Google investing?

Sundar Pichai: We are well north of $100 billion. In the next two years, it's $250 billion in the US.

Donald Trump: That's great. That's great. Great. We're proud of you. Very good. Thank you. A lot of jobs.

Satya Nadella: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: Good, good. What about Microsoft? That's a big number.

Satya Nadella: Each year we are close to in the United States around $75 billion to $80 billion.

Donald Trump: Good. Very good. Thank you very much. Would anybody like to say anything? You have a lot of geniuses on my right, some young, some not so young, mostly young come to think of it. Yes, please.

Unidentified: I just wanted to echo everyone's comments. I think we've been just very impressed with how this administration has really embraced AI. And I think that in addition to the infrastructure and most massive infrastructure built in history, I mean we're talking 10x the size of the Apollo program, I think also to me the most important thing is what AI will do for all of us. And I think that there's been a choice of whether to approach it with optimism.

Unidentified: And I think that that's what I've really seen from this administration. So I just wanted to say thank you for that.

Donald Trump: Great job you're doing, incredible job you're doing. I know every inch that you're building and I can't believe it. They're big, the biggest buildings ever. You know, we talked about 100 story buildings, these buildings blow them away, right? So I just want to -- they are more lateral than they are up and down, but they blow everything away, so congratulations.

Donald Trump: Would anybody like to say anything, please? Safra?

Unidentified: Mr. President?

Donald Trump: Would you like to go Safra? Safra?

Safra Catz: This is a most incredible time. AI is going to change everything. You hear all of us saying that, but the fact that you are our president and you recognized this right away and you've unleashed American innovation and creativity, all the work you're doing in basically every cabinet post in addition to what's coming out of the White House, is making it possible for America to win.

Safra Catz: Today's event that was spearheaded by our wonderful first lady focusing on education, is the center of where we need to go because it is all of these young people who can't be afraid of new technologies. They literally have to embrace it and make America even stronger. And that focus was very, very critical.

Safra Catz: And I think this is the most exciting time in America ever, ever, at least that I remember. So thank you. Thank you for everything you're doing.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. I appreciate -- say hello to everybody, Larry and everybody else. It's an amazing company that you're involved with and running. I just want to thank everybody for being here. I want to thank the media. They've been very nice lately, although I'm still here. So we have to -- they made a couple of bad predictions.

Donald Trump: That was not good. I've never had that feeling before. I went to an event and people are coming up to me and saying, you're still here. I said, what do they mean by that? I didn't hear about this, but anyway, but I do -- the press has been great in terms of this industry and they understand the importance of it. This is taking our country to a new level.

Donald Trump: We're leading the world. We're leading China, but we're leading the world by a lot and we're leading it because of the people around the table. And all I can do is implement and make it a lot easier for you and I'll be doing that 100 percent. So I just want to thank you all. Yes, did you have a question?

Donald Trump: Go ahead.

Question: Mr. President --

Donald Trump: Go ahead, please.

Question: Thank you, Mr. President. Tomorrow, we have a jobs report coming out, the first since the BLS commissioner, who you fired, won't be there. A lot of people will be turning to you to see if you believe the data that's released. Can you commit to saying the data will be credible?

Donald Trump: Well, we're going to have to see what the number -- I don't know. They come out tomorrow, but the real numbers that I'm talking about are going to be whatever it is, but will be in a year from now when these monstrous, huge, beautiful places, the palaces of genius and when they start opening up. You're seeing -- I think you'll see job numbers that are going to be absolutely incredible.

Donald Trump: Right now, it's a lot of construction numbers, but you're going to see job numbers like our country has never seen before. Thank you very much. Yeah, please.

Question: Thank you, Mr. President. I have two questions for you. First, after your phone call with Ukrainian President Zelenskyy today, do you plan to speak with Russia's President Putin in the near future?

Donald Trump: What?

Melania Trump: If you will speak with President Putin in the near future.

Donald Trump: I will be. Yeah, I will be. We're having a very good dialog. I settled seven Wars. The one that I thought would be maybe one of the easiest, you know that feeling? You think one thing is going to be easier, turns out to be a little bit tougher. But the one that I thought would be an easier one because of my relationship with President Putin and with Ukraine and everything else, I thought it would be the Russia Ukraine disaster, where this week 7,014 people were killed, soldiers.

Donald Trump: In most cases, soldiers. A few from Kyiv, relatively few, but mostly soldiers. And they're being killed at levels that we haven't seen since World War II. And they're not American. They're not from any of the countries that some of you are from. But they're people. They're souls. And we'll get it done, but that's turned out to be the most difficult of the group.

Donald Trump: You know, I settled three wars, one was 31 years going, and a lot of people killed, 10 million people. Another was 34 and another was 37 years it was going on. And people said you can't settle them and I settled them. This one turned out to be more difficult, but we'll get it -- we're going to get it settled.

Question: Mr. President, Senator Bill Cassidy said effectively we're denying people vaccines. Do you have full confidence in what RFK Jr. is doing?

Donald Trump: Well, I didn't get to watch the hearings today, but he's a very good person. He's a -- and he means very well and he's got some little different ideas. I guarantee you a lot of the people at this table like RFK Jr. and I do, but he's -- he's got a different take and we want to listen to all of those takes.

Donald Trump: But I heard he did very well today, but it's not your standard -- it's not your standard talk. I would say that. And that has to do with medical and vaccines. But if you look at what's going on in the world with health and look at this country also with regard to health, I like the fact that he's different.

Donald Trump: OK?

Question: Mr. President, can you give us your latest thinking on semiconductor tariffs, sir, which you're considering imposing? And have you discussed that with any of the leaders [Inaudible] today?

Donald Trump: Yeah, I have. I've discussed it with the people here, chips and semiconductors and we'll be putting tariffs on companies that aren't coming in. We'll be putting a tariff very shortly, probably are hearing we'll be putting a fairly substantial tariff on -- not that high, but fairly substantial tariff with the understanding that if they come into the country, if they are coming in building, planning to come in, they will not be a tariff.

Donald Trump: If they're not coming in, there's a tariff, fairly substantial tariff.

Question: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: Well, I don't know, if they're building here -- and for the most part, I think they're building here. That's probably why they're here for the -- but like I would say, Tim Cook would be in pretty good shape. No, no, please, in the back.

Question: Mr. President, are you urging or encouraging any candidates in the New York City mayor's race to drop out to clear the field?

Donald Trump: No, I don't like to see a communist become mayor, I will tell you that. And I don't think you can win unless you have one-on-one, because somehow he's gotten a little bit of a lead. I would Ð- I have no idea how that happened, but I'd prefer not to have a communist mayor of New York City and, you know, that's what he is based on his policy, if you look at his statements in the past.

Donald Trump: So I would -- I would like to see two people drop out and have it be one-on-one. And I think that's a race that could be won. Yeah.

Question: Mr. President, you'll be heading to the UK in a few weeks. Yesterday, Nigel Farage was on Capitol Hill.

Donald Trump: Right.

Question: He was talking a lot about pushing back on censorship online. He was asking politicians like yourself --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Question: -- some of the people in this room to really push back on that. How concerning is that to you? And Mr. Zuckerberg, if you don't mind -- you don't mind answering, how concerning is that to you, the lack of freedom of speech online in the UK?

Donald Trump: You didn't think you'd get that question.

Mark Zuckerberg: No. [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: He's looking -- he's looking at me, saying, how the hell -- he's saying, how did I get that question? If you'd like to answer it, free speech.

Mark Zuckerberg: Sorry, actually I wasn't paying attention, but --

Question: There seems to be a crackdown. The British government seems to be cracking down on social media posts, people being arrested for tweets, social posts, just wondering how concerning that is to you, Mr. President and Mr. Zuckerberg.

Donald Trump: This is the beginning of your political career.

Mark Zuckerberg: No, it's not.

Donald Trump: I will just say that in terms of UK, strange things are happening over there. They are cracking down and surprisingly so, and I've spoken to the prime minister and let's see what happens. But it is a different -- a little bit different situation. I'm very surprised to see what's happening in -- are you talking about the UK in particular, right?

Donald Trump: Yeah, I'm very surprised to see what's happening. Sad. It's -- and it's not a -- it's not a good thing. Yeah, please.

Question: Mr. President, thank you. America is first in artificial intelligence, but what are your concerns in the -- in the alliance of Axis of evil China, Russia and North Korea towards artificial intelligence, but also as military, sir?

Donald Trump: Well, I have no concerns. We have the most brilliant people at this table and nobody's close. And I spoke to world leaders and they admit and they admit privately, but they admit, the biggest. They admit we have the smartest people. We have the greatest technology. They can copy, but they can't create like we can create.

Donald Trump: We have the smartest people in the world right at this table, so thank you for the question. Thank you very much, everybody. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you.

Note: [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: I'll comment on that later. Thank you very much.

Note: [Crosstalk]