Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-executive-orders-white-house-may-9-2025

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. We have some executive orders that we're going to be signing right now that are very important. They're really redos from some horrible mistakes made by Biden and his group, and we're changing them back so that we can lead a normal life, a good life and they're actually very important.

Donald Trump: And from the standpoint of lifestyle, they're very important. So, I'd ask Will to maybe explain them, and we'll ask some of our Congressmen and Senators to say a few words, please.

Will Scharf: Yes, Mr. President, as you said, we have four bills for your attention today. These are bills that have been passed by Congress. In the closing days of the Biden administration, they pushed through a large number of rules and regulations that really hurt ordinary Americans including in their own homes. So, the first of these is HJR20. This is a bill that repeals Biden era regulations relating to consumer water heaters, consumer gas fired water heaters.

Donald Trump: Who was in charge of this one?

Brian Jack: This is Gary and myself, sir. Gary Palmer sponsored it, but this bill specifically saves a factory in my district. 300 Georgians will continue to have their jobs as soon as you sign that.

Gary Palmer: Mr. President, this rule was issued on Christmas Eve, thinking that we wouldn't be keeping up with what the Biden administration was doing, but we moved quickly to get it [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: And this was on gas heaters.

Gary Palmer: Banning natural gas --

Note: [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: Isn't that ridiculous? And how were you supposed to get your heat then, through electric? That's electric, yeah. Was that basically electric heat, which isn't as good. Crazy. Here Gary, hold that up. Brian, hold that up. You guys were great.

Gary Palmer: Thank you, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: No sense, just no sense. But in addition to that you have a lot of workers that lose their job, right?

Brian Jack: Yes, sir, 300 workers saved because of you.

Donald Trump: Good, thank you. It's an honor. Here's the Golden Dome, by the way, if you're interested. It is the Golden Dome. It'll save all your lives someday, maybe. OK, good. Thanks, Brian. You hold it up.

Brian Jack: Yes, sir.

Will Scharf: Next, Mr. President, we have House Joint Resolution 24. This is the same basic idea, but this relates to walk-in coolers and freezers and other refrigeration devices. Again, last minute Biden era regulation that hits ordinary Americans hard.

Donald Trump: And what do they do?

Will Scharf: They put in --

Stephanie Bice: Increase the energy efficiency requirements for walk-ins, coolers and freezers and therefore putting an undue burden on businesses across the country, everything from restaurants to pharmacies, hospitals were all going to be impacted.

Donald Trump: To a point where it didn't work. In other words, they made the restrictions so strong that it didn't work.

Stephanie Bice: And it was going to cost them so much money to actually meet the energy efficiency standards, which didn't really save much money. So, this is going to actually help our small businesses across the country, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Good.

Ashley Moody: Many manufacturers would have had to close, stop lines, shut down entire lines of businesses. And I just want to say, rescinding these -- this was done days before -- days before you took office they pushed through these regulations. They didn't think about the cost to businesses. They didn't put American interests first.

Ashley Moody: They didn't put American businesses first. I am so grateful we finally have a president who's not only walking back these insane burdensome regulations that are ultimately going to cost us Americans and American businesses. But that you are thinking about the next generation. And as we're leading into Mother's Day, some of us are trying to parent and serve this country at the same time.

Ashley Moody: Thank you for welcoming my son, who's 15, with his mother serving, watching what we're doing for him and generations to come. You are making this country stronger for them. Thank you.

Donald Trump: Thank you. Thank you very much. Good luck, right. Take care of your mom. You want to hold that up too.

Stephanie Bice: Thank you Mr. President. Thank you.

Donald Trump: That's a big one, isn't it, huh? Common sense? It's all about common sense, right? OK. Will, go ahead.

Will Scharf: Next, sir, this is House Joint Resolution 42. Again, this is a rescission of a Biden era regulation, in this case relating to energy conservation standards for household appliances and certain consumer products.

Donald Trump: That's a good one. I know who's over there. I know who did this. Explain it, please?

Jon Husted: Sure, look, this is helping fight inflation because the cost of your -- the burden on appliance manufacturers is going to drive up the cost of them producing household products, which means that when you go buy a washer or dryer, any appliance, it was going to drive up the cost for consumers. It reduces consumer choice.

Jon Husted: But in the bottom line, we've been trying to fight inflation, this fights inflation. This helps -- takes the cost out of producing these products that Americans need every day. And when you think, when you add all this up, it's one regulation here, one regulation there, they always say it's de minimis, but when you add it all up, it costs a lot to American consumers.

Jon Husted: And this is fighting back.

Donald Trump: And it's not as good.

Jon Husted: And it's not as good.

Donald Trump: Not nearly as good, not nearly as efficient and it's more costly. Other than that, it's wonderful. [Laughter]

Jon Husted: Thank you, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Great job. Thank you very much. Great, fantastic. OK.

Will Scharf: And lastly, sir, we have House Joint Resolution 75. Again, this is a rescission of a Biden era regulation. Uh, in this case, relating to energy standards for commercial refrigerators, freezers and refrigerators freezers.

Donald Trump: Do you have the sink one in here? The sinks and uh --

Will Scharf: That's --

Donald Trump: Showerheads?

Will Scharf: That -- we -- we have an executive order on that coming for you later, sir. Yes, sir.

Donald Trump: And that's coming when?

Will Scharf: Uh, later this afternoon.

Donald Trump: OK. Good. Are you going to be around later this afternoon? [Laughter] Good. Sinks and showerheads where you buy a home and you have a new showerhead and you don't get any water out of it. The water doesn't come out of the sink. The water comes out of nowhere. What a shame. What a ridiculous waste. OK, let me do this.

Donald Trump: Come here. Who's -- who's responsible for this, Will?

Craig Goldman: This is mine, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Oh, good, man here.

Craig Goldman: Yes, sir.

Donald Trump: OK.

Craig Goldman: Thank you.

Donald Trump: Do you want to discuss that?

Craig Goldman: Yes, sir. This would have -- this was a government regulation that we have now repealed. Thank you very much, Mr. President. That now saves the American taxpayer. I was getting ready to say the Texas taxpayer, them, too. [Laughter] Uh, but the American taxpayer. Because who would have ultimately paid the price on a government -- government mandate and a government regulation?

Craig Goldman: The people of America. See, you just said the American taxpayer money, so thank you very much.

Donald Trump: That's fantastic. Thank you. It's a great job. OK, any questions?

Question: Mr. President? Mr. President? Mr. President? Airlines said today that the 10 percent baseline tariff on all countries is here to stay.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Question: Even after the deals are done. Does that mean that countries offering zero tariffs won't get reciprocity?

Donald Trump: You are going to always have a baseline. I mean, there could be an exception, at some point. We'll see. You know, somebody does something exceptional for us. It's always possible. But basically, you have a baseline of a minimum of 10 percent. And some of them will be much higher, 40 percent, 50 percent, 60 percent.

Donald Trump: As they've been doing to us over the years. We had a wonderful deal yesterday. We have four or five other deals coming immediately. We have many deals coming down the line. Ultimately, we're just signing the rest of them in, but we always have a baseline of 10 percent.

Question: And then, specifically on the possibility of an increase in taxes on wealthier Americans, what do you say to conservative Republicans who argue that this is an increase on small business owners?

Donald Trump: Well, what we're doing is we're actually -- if we ever did that, it would only be -- and from what I hear, people would love to do it. Rich people -- I would love to do it frankly. But what we'll do is that, you know, they'll go around saying, oh, this is so terrible. What you do is you're giving up something up top in order to make people in the middle income and the lower income brackets save more.

Donald Trump: So it's really a redistribution. And I'm willing to do it if they want. I would love to be able to give people in a lower bracket a big break by giving up some of what I have. But I'll tell you a lot of people say don't do it because of the fact that you have the Bush statement about -- read my lips, but he lost because of Ross Perot.

Donald Trump: He didn't lose because of that statement.

Question: And then on the salt --

Donald Trump: But I -- I don't think they're going to be doing it. But I actually think it's good politics to do it where richer people give up, and it's a very small -- it's like a point, but they give it up to benefit people in a lower income. And then on the salt tax credits, Mr. President, there are some Republicans who say why is it that these 45 other states should be paying taxes to alleviate the tax burden of New York or -- It's only because those states are behind.

Donald Trump: Very badly behind. And those people were affected very badly. And you know, the sad part is oftentimes, they were affected badly because you had bad management in those states. Like, in California with Newsom and you know, people. So you had some bad management. But that's being worked on now. And they may do a piece one way or the other.

Donald Trump: It's a very complex issue. But I think -- I think it's being worked out. I think it's going to be -- it has not been settled yet, but they'll settle it up pretty quickly.

Question: Are you considering -- Mr. President, can we ask the question -- Mr. President, what parameters have you given Scott Bessent on negotiating with China this weekend?

Donald Trump: Uh, we have to make a great deal for America.

Question: Are you going to be disappointed if he comes back without a deal?

Donald Trump: No, not at all. Because we already made a great deal. We're not doing business with China right now.

Question: Mr. President? Given your relationship with prime minister --

Donald Trump: We lost -- we lost $1 trillion last year with China. $1 trillion. So if you're not going to do business with them, you're not going to lose $1 trillion. But we lost. I just want -- I want China to do great. You know, I'm very friendly with President Xi. I have great respect for him and for China. But we can't continue to allow them to do what they did.

Donald Trump: When I was president, they paid hundreds of billions of dollars in tariffs and taxes and then Biden screwed it all up. He -- he -- what he did to this country between the border and between all of the other problems, the wars, everything, what he did to this country should never be forgotten. But one of the things he did is the trade was so bad and so unbalanced.

Donald Trump: So uh, I think we're going to come back with a fair deal for both China and us.

Question: Have you -- Mr. President? Have you given Bessent a number of how low you're willing to go?

Donald Trump: Yeah, I have.

Question: What's the number? Are you willing to share that number? [Laughter]

Donald Trump: No. [Laughter]

Question: 80 percent?

Donald Trump: But I put out a number today, 80 percent, so we'll see how that all works out.

Question: Mr. President, the US Embassy in Kyiv is warning right now about possible Russian significant attack on Kyiv. What's your message for Putin?

Donald Trump: I have a message for both parties. Get this war ended. We're losing 5000 soldiers a week. Russian and Ukrainian soldiers. And other people also, by the way. And I say get this stupid war finished. That's my message for both of them. Thank you very much. We'll see you in a little while.

Aide: Thank you press, thank you.

Note: [Crosstalk]

Question: [Inaudible, about Eric Adams being seen in the White House]

Donald Trump: He just came in to say hello.