Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-health-autism-white-house-september-22-2025

Donald Trump: Hello, everyone. Thank you very much. So I've been waiting for this meeting for 20 years, actually, and it's not that everything's 100 percent understood or known, but I think we've made a lot of strides. I wish it was done a long time ago. Today, we're delighted to be joined by America's top medical and public health professionals as we announce historic steps to confront the crisis of autism, horrible, horrible crisis.

Donald Trump: I want to thank the man who brought this issue to the forefront of American politics along with me, and we actually met in my office, is it like 20 years ago, Bobby? It's probably 20 years ago, in New York. I was a developer, as you probably heard, and I always had very strong feelings about autism and how it happened and where it came from.

Donald Trump: And he and I -- I don't know. The word got out and I wouldn't say that people were very understanding of where we were, but it's turning out that we understood a lot more than a lot of people who studied it, we think. And I say we think because I don't think they were really letting the public know what they knew.

Donald Trump: Thanks as well to the director of the National Institute of Health, Dr. Jay Bhattacharya; FDA commissioner Dr. Mary Makary. These are great people. Administrator of the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services Dr. Mehmet Oz; and Acting Assistant Secretary of HHS Dr. Dorothy Fink. So thank you all. Thank you, Dorothy, very much.

Donald Trump: The meteoric rise in autism is among the most alarming public health developments in history. There's never been anything like this. Just a few decades ago, 1 in 10,000 children had autism. So that's not a long time. And I've always heard, you know, they say a few, but I think it's a lot less time than that.

Donald Trump: It used to be 1 in 20,000, then 1 in 10,000. And I would say that's probably 18 years ago. And now it's 1 in 31, but in some areas it's much worse than that, if you can believe it, 1 in 31. And I gave numbers yesterday for boys, it's 1 in 12. I was told that's in California where they have a -- for some reason, a more severe problem.

Donald Trump: But whether it's 1 in 12 or 1 in 31, can you imagine, that's down from 1 in 20,000 then 1 in 10,000. And now we're at the level of 1 in 12, in some cases, for boys, 1 in 31 overall. So since 2000, autism rates have surged by much more than 400 percent. Instead of attacking those who ask questions, everyone should be grateful for those who are trying to get the answers to this complex situation.

Donald Trump: And the first day, all of these great doctors behind me were there, I told them this is what -- we have to find out. Because when you go from 20,000 to 10,000 and then you go to 12, you know there's something artificial. They're taking something. And by the way, I think I can say that there are certain groups of people that don't take vaccines and don't take any pills, that have no autism, that have no autism.

Donald Trump: Does that tell you something? That's currently -- is that a correct statement, by the way?

Robert F. Kennedy Jr.: There are some studies that suggest that, yeah, but the Amish, for example.

Donald Trump: The Amish. Yeah, virtually -- I heard none. See, Bobby wants to be very careful with what he says and he should, but I'm not so careful with what I say, but you have certain groups, the Amish as an example. They have essentially no autism. First, effective immediately, the FDA will be notifying physicians that the use of a -- well, let's see how we say that acetaminophen -- is that OK? Which is basically commonly known as Tylenol during pregnancy, can be associated with a very increased risk of autism.

Donald Trump: So taking Tylenol is not good. All right. I'll say it. It's not good. For this reason, they are strongly recommending that women limit Tylenol use during pregnancy unless medically necessary. That's, for instance, in cases of extremely high fever, that you feel you can't tough it out. You can't do it. I guess there's that.

Donald Trump: It's a small number of cases, I think. But if you can't tough it out, if you can't do it, that's what you're going to have to do. You'll take a Tylenol, but it'll be very sparingly. It can be something that's very dangerous to the woman's health, in other words, a fever that's very, very dangerous and ideally a doctor's decision because I think you shouldn't take it and you shouldn't take it during the entire pregnancy.

Donald Trump: They may tell you toward the end of the pregnancy, you shouldn't take it during the entire. And you shouldn't give the child a Tylenol every time he goes -- he's born and he goes and has a shot. You shouldn't give a Tylenol to that child. All pregnant women should talk to their doctors for more information about limiting the use of this medication while pregnant.

Donald Trump: So ideally, you don't take it at all. But if you have to -- if you can't tough it out or if there's a problem, you're going to end up doing it. The other thing that I can tell you that I'll say that they will maybe say at a little bit later date. But I think when you go for the shot, you do it over a five-time period, take it over five times or four times, but you take it in smaller doses and you spread it out over a period of years.

Donald Trump: And they pump so much stuff into those beautiful little babies, it's a disgrace. I don't see it. I think it's very bad. They're pumping -- it looks like they're pumping into a horse. You have a little child, a little fragile child and you get a vat of 80 different vaccines, I guess, 80 different blends and they pump it in. So ideally, a woman won't take Tylenol.

Donald Trump: And on the vaccines, it would be good instead of one visit where they pump the baby, load it up with stuff, you'll do it over a period of four times or five times. I mean, I've been so into this issue for so many years just because I couldn't understand how a thing like this could happen and you know it's artificially induced.

Donald Trump: It's not like something that -- when you go from all of those, you know, healthy babies to a point where I don't even know structurally if a country can afford it and that's the least of the problems. To have families destroyed over this is just so, so terrible. I also -- and we've already done this. We want no mercury in the vaccine.

Donald Trump: We want no aluminum in the vaccine. The MMR, I think should be taken separately. This is based on what I feel. The mumps, measles and the three should be taken separately. And it seems to be that when you mix them, there could be a problem. So there's no downside in taking them separately. In fact, they think it's better.

Donald Trump: So let it be separate. The chickenpox is already separate because when that got mixed in, I guess they made it four for a while, it really was bad. So they make chickenpox individually, they're OK. When you mix them, something maybe happens. So there's no downside in doing it. It's not like, oh, if you do it, bad things.

Donald Trump: No, it's only good side and it may not have that much of an impact, but it may have a big impact. So let those be taken separately. And then hepatitis B is sexually transmitted. There's no reason to give a baby that's almost just born, hepatitis B. So I would say, wait till the baby is 12 years old and formed and take hepatitis B. And I think if you do those things, it's going to be a whole different -- It's going to be a revolution in a positive sense in the country.

Donald Trump: The FDA will be updating the label of an existing drug to reflect potential benefits in reducing some autism symptoms. This gives hope to the many parents with autistic children, that it may be possible to improve their lives. That's one of the things that I'm very, very happy about. I mean, this was mostly going to be on how not to have the child affected, but we've learned some pretty good things about certain elements of genius that can be given to a baby and the baby can get better.

Donald Trump: And in some cases, maybe substantially better. Not going to be easy, but be a lot easier if it didn't happen in the first place as these great parents fully understand. Right? They fully understand and feel so terribly for I have so many friends with autistic children. It's just -- it's a tough situation.

Donald Trump: Finally, to help reach the ultimate goal of ending the autism fever, the NIH will be announcing 13 major grant awards from the Autism Data Science Initiatives. And to be honest with you, to me, that's the least important. It's not even a money thing at this point. There's so much money, but they have to do -- and they have to move quickly.

Donald Trump: They -- when the alternative is that nothing bad can happen, let's do it now. I was just saying to Bobby and the group, let's do it now. Nothing bad can happen, it -- can only good happen. But with Tylenol, don't take it. Don't take it. And if you can't live, if your fever is so bad you have to take because there's no alternative to that.

Donald Trump: Sadly, first question, what can you take instead, it's actually, there's not an alternative to that. And as you know, other of the medicines are absolutely proven bad. I mean, they've been proven bad, the aspirins and the Advil's and others, right? And they've been proven bad. So I'd like to ask Bobby to get up to the podium and say a few words, and then Dr. Bhattacharya, and Dr. Makary, Dr. Oz, Dr. Fink, followed by two incredible mothers that have experienced firsthand what this country is going through, what part of the world are going through.

Donald Trump: And I will say, there are parts of the world that don't take Tylenol.

Donald Trump: I mean, there's a rumor, and I don't know if it's so or not, that Cuba, they don't have Tylenol because they don't have the money for Tylenol. And they have virtually no autism, okay. Tell me about that one. Uh, and there are other parts of the world where they don't have Tylenol where they don't have autism.

Donald Trump: That tells you a lot. And I want to say it right now. And you know the way I look at it, don't take it. Don't take it. There's -- there's no downside in not taking it. So, uh, I'd like to ask Bobby to come up and say a few words. I hope I didn't ruin his day, but that's the way I feel. [Laughter] I've been very strong on the subject for a long time.

Donald Trump: You know, life is common sense, too. And there's a lot of common sense in this. And I wish things like this were brought up. And this group has worked so hard on it. But I'd like to be a little bit more, uh, a little speedier in the process of a recommendation. Because there's no harm in going quicker. There's absolutely no harm.

Donald Trump: At worst, there's no harm. Thank you very much. Bobby, please.

Robert F. Kennedy Jr.: Thank you, Mr. President. Uh, to meet the president's challenge, I ordered HHS to launch an unprecedented all agency effort to identify all causes of autism, including toxic and pharmaceutical exposures. At President Trump's urging NIH, FDA, CDC and CMS are turning over every stone to identify the etiology of the autism epidemic and how patients and parents can prevent and reverse this alarming trend.

Robert F. Kennedy Jr.: We have broken down the traditional silos that have long separated these agencies. And we have fast tracked research and guidance. Historically, NIH has focused almost solely on politically safe and entirely fruitless research about the genetic drivers of autism. And that would be like studying the genetic drivers of lung cancer without looking at cigarettes.

Robert F. Kennedy Jr.: And that's what NIH has been doing for 20 years. As a result, we don't have an answer to this critical question. Despite the cataclysmic impact of the epidemic on our nation's children, we are now replaced -- we are now replacing the institutional culture of politicized science and corruption with evidence based medicine.

Robert F. Kennedy Jr.: NIH research teams are currently testing multiple hypotheses with no area off limits. We promise transparency as we uncover the potential causes and treatments. And we will notify the public regularly of our progress. Today, we are announcing two important findings from our autism work that are vital for parents to know as they make these decisions.

Robert F. Kennedy Jr.: First, HHS will act on acetaminophen. The FDA is responding to clinical and laboratory studies that suggests a potential association between acetaminophen use during pregnancy and adverse neurodevelopmental outcomes, including later diagnosis for ADHD and autism. Scientists have proposed biological mechanisms linking prenatal acetaminophen exposure to altered brain development.

Robert F. Kennedy Jr.: We have also evaluated the contrary studies that show no association. Today, the FDA will issue a physician's notice about the risk of acetaminophen during pregnancy and begin the process to initiate a safety label change. HHS will launch a nationwide public service campaign to inform families and protect public health.

Robert F. Kennedy Jr.: The FDA will also recognized that acetaminophen is often the only tool for fevers and pain in pregnancy as other alternatives have well-documented adverse effects. HHS wants, therefore, to encourage clinicians to exercise their best judgment in the use of acetaminophen for fevers and pain in pregnancy by prescribing the lowest effective dose for the shortest necessary and only when treatment is required.

Robert F. Kennedy Jr.: Furthermore, thanks to also to the politicization of science, the safety of acetaminophen against the risk of neurodevelopmental disorders in young children has never been validated. Prudent medicine therefore suggests caution and a set of acetaminophen use by young children, especially since strong evidence also has associated it with liver toxicity.

Robert F. Kennedy Jr.: Some studies have also found the use of acetaminophen in children can potentially prolong viral illnesses. The FDA will drive new research to safeguard mothers, children and families. In addition to a possible acetaminophen connection to autism for pregnant women, infants and toddlers, our research has revealed that folate deficiency in a child's brain can lead to autism.

Robert F. Kennedy Jr.: We have also identified an exciting therapy that may benefit large numbers of children who suffer from autism. Peer-reviewed literature has documented that up to 60 percent of folate deficient children with ASD can have improved verbal communications if given leucovorin. I have instructed NIH, FDA and CMS to help doctors treat children appropriately.

Robert F. Kennedy Jr.: Jay will help tell that story, which started with sound science, the kind that restores faith in government. The announcement -- this announcement also represents a historic collaboration between NIH, FDA, CDC and CMS. We expect this to be the first of many announcements over the coming years that deliver actionable information to parents on underlying causes of autism and the potential paths for prevention and reversal.

Robert F. Kennedy Jr.: Finally, autism is a complex disorder with multifactorial etiology. We are continuing to investigate a multiplicity of potential causes with no areas of taboo. One area that we are closely examining, as the president mentioned, is vaccines. Some 40 to 70 percent of mothers who have children with autism, believe that their child was injured by a vaccine.

Robert F. Kennedy Jr.: President Trump believes that we should be listening to these mothers instead of gaslighting and marginalize them -- marginalizing them like prior administrations. Some of our friends like to say that we should believe all women, some of these same people have been silencing and demonizing these mothers for three decades because research on the potential link between autism and vaccines has been actively suppressed in the past.

Robert F. Kennedy Jr.: And it will take time for an honest look at this topic by scientists. But I want to reassure the people in the autism community that we will be uncompromising and relentless in our search for answers. We will perform the studies that should have been performed 25 years ago. Whatever the answer is, we will tell you what we find.

Robert F. Kennedy Jr.: We are researching this issue to all three agencies. Jay will discuss one of our research initiatives at NIH. This model of unleashing unbiased, de-politicized gold of standard scientific research and academic freedom to deliver actionable information to prevent and reverse disease will be a model for the framework to deliver similar -- similar results for many other chronic conditions that plague Americans.

Robert F. Kennedy Jr.: Jay?

Jay Bhattacharya: Thank you, Secretary Kennedy. And thank you President Trump.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.

Jay Bhattacharya: I'm -- I'm proud to announce today that the NIH has launched the Autism Data Science Initiative to turbocharge autism research, devoting an additional $50 million to the cause of studying autism. Nearly 250 research teams from across the country applied, sent in their applications and were peer-reviewed by the NIH review panels.

Jay Bhattacharya: Uh, the NIH review peer-reviewers chose the 13 best projects focused on root causes and therapies with replication and validation studies to guarantee gold standard science. The studies feature a new kind of science called exposomics, where scientists consider environmental and medical factors, nutrition, events during pregnancy, in combination with biology and genetics to answer vital questions about autism.

Jay Bhattacharya: Science like this, conducted in partnership with families and physicians, is the best way to arrest and reverse the -- the autism -- autism epidemic. Autism Spectrum Disorder encompasses a very wide range of symptoms ranging from mild difficulties with social interactions to profoundly autistic children who experience severe disability -- disabilities in -- in speech and behavior.

Jay Bhattacharya: Given this wide range of symptoms, across the spectrum, it seems certain that there will be a wide range of biological contributors to explain the cause. The great thing about the new NIH initiative on autism is that scientists will use rigorous advanced methods in causal inference, machine learning, organoids and other fresh approaches to the problem.

Jay Bhattacharya: The sharp rise in the prevalence of autism deserves an urgent response by the scientific community. Um, as Bobby said, the NIH has invested a lot of money to study autism over the years, but the research has not produced the answers that families and parents of autistic children deserve. And autistic children themselves deserve.

Jay Bhattacharya: For too long, it's been taboo to ask some questions for fear the scientific work might reveal a politically incorrect answer. Because of this restrictive focus into scientific investigations, the answers for families have been similarly restricted, often pointing families to behavioral therapies that some -- that don't work for every kid while suggesting nonmodifiable genetic factors is the cause.

Jay Bhattacharya: But genetics alone can't explain such a sharp rise in autism prevalence over just a few decades, as the president said. In coming months and years as NIH scientists learn more that can help autistic children and their families, we won't delay, like scientists often like to do, I can say as a scientist myself, it's really tempting to delay.

Jay Bhattacharya: But you have to -- but in the face of a problem like this, you have to move fast. But we're telling -- we will not delay before telling American people about what we find and we will win the public trust with transparency and rigor. Already, our broadened focus on autism research has pointed to two items that will help families prevent and treat some cases of autism.

Jay Bhattacharya: I'll leave the good news on these two items to my close friends and colleagues, Dr. Makary and Dr. Oz. We've been working together closely on this problem for the past six months and our cooperation represents an unprecedented collaboration with Secretary Kennedy's Department of Health and Human Services and with President Trump.

Jay Bhattacharya: I'm delighted to introduce Dr. Marty Makary, commissioner of the Food and Drug Administration, who'll tell you about these announcements of practical help for families with autism.

Marty Makary: Great. Thank you, Dr. Bhattacharya. Mr. President, this is the start of a historic shift in medical culture. This administration is working together to ask big questions about why our nation's children are getting sick so fast. Too often, medicine is doing small little studies giving us answers we already knew, but we've got to make a difference.

Marty Makary: You've given us a charge to identify root causes and we are not going to stop so that we can end the suffering we are watching. And if you've seen a kid with autism, with severe autism, it's hard to watch. Kids get frustrated, they get angry, they can be crying because they want to speak and they can't speak.

Marty Makary: It's hard to watch and it may be entirely preventable. For an epidemiologist, that child is an expanding statistic, but for a child, it can be brutal to have autism. Today, the FDA is taking action to update the label on acetaminophen and sending a letter to all US doctors, letting them know about the risks in pregnancy.

Marty Makary: We now have data we cannot ignore. There's a very large study, the Boston Birth cohort with researchers that have -- from Johns Hopkins, my former institution and Boston University found, quote unquote, consistent associations between acetaminophen in pregnancy and autism. And the Nurses' Health Study with researchers from Yale Columbia and Harvard.

Marty Makary: Looking at 9,000, kids found that acetaminophen use in pregnancy was associated with neurodevelopmental disorders. And four weeks ago, a mount Sinai Harvard study reviewed all the existing literature and found the overwhelming body of evidence points to an association. Sure, you'll be able to find a study to the contrary.

Marty Makary: That's how science works. But to quote the dean of the Harvard School of Public Health, there is a causal relationship between prenatal acetaminophen use and neurodevelopmental disorders of ADHD and autism spectrum disorder. We cannot wait any longer. And honestly there's been this perfunctory reactionary, mindless practice in medicine.

Marty Makary: I learned it in medical school and residency, just treat all fevers, low grade fevers, treat them with acetaminophen. Why? What are we doing? A study out of Hopkins actually showed that treating a fever can prolong the duration of illness in a young kid. Maybe that's because fever is a body's natural way of ridding an infection.

Marty Makary: When my wife was pregnant and delivered our son a few months ago, they pushed her to take acetaminophen for a low -grade fever. She said no. And then they looked to me and I said absolutely, no. I'm also here to announce good news. Today, the FDA is filing a federal register notice to change the label on an exciting treatment called prescription leucovorin so that it can be available to children with autism.

Marty Makary: Autism may also be due to an autoimmune reaction to a folate receptor on the brain, not allowing that important vitamin to get into the brain cells. It's a fairly established mature pathway. Again, we have a duty to let doctors and the public know. We are going to change the label to make it available. Hundreds of thousands of kids in my opinion will benefit.

Marty Makary: One study found that with kids with autism and chronic folate deficiency, two thirds of kids with autism symptoms had improvement and some marked improvement. Mr. President, you told us to do what's medically right, to go bold and not worry about the corporations and the lobbyists, so that's what we're here doing today.

Marty Makary: Thank you, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Thank you. Good. Thank you.

Mehmet Oz: Thanks, Marty. I think you all appreciate the passion in the president's voice. We've been hearing that since the inauguration. In fact, even before the inauguration, the president was upset about what he spoke to today. And so together with Secretary Kennedy, who's made it his life's work to address some of these challenges with autism, they challenged us. In fact, they were harsher than that.

Mehmet Oz: They wanted no silos to break down what the NIH would do, what the FDA would do, what CMS would do. They insisted that the physician leaders bust through the clutter because their agencies had the power, if we didn't do what every other prior administration had done, which is to let people function within their siloed environments.

Mehmet Oz: Because of that, in historic fashion and a very accelerated manner, we have a response today to the autism crisis. It is the first of several chapters, but this is breaking news. You've heard some of it. The response to the Autism crisis is going to continue to come to you under Secretary Kennedy's leadership and the president wouldn't have it any other way, as you've heard.

Mehmet Oz: The FDA, The FDA based on NIH research is approving prescription leucovorin for treatment of autistic children. Now if you're following the script, there should be two questions that you have, two questions that you come to your mind. The first is how will patients and parents get access to the treatment?

Mehmet Oz: I'll tell you how. Over half of American children are covered by Medicaid and CHIP, government health insurance, over half. Therefore, because they're covered in Medicaid and CHIP, upon this label change by Marty, state Medicaid programs in partnership with CMS will cover prescription leucovorin around the country.

Mehmet Oz: It's yours, but you have to go to a doctor to get a prescription because they know your child, they know you and they know the medication. States will also have tools to monitor its use and ensure appropriate utilization. That's important for a bunch of reasons because we want the right kids getting the right prescription medications.

Mehmet Oz: We believe private insurance companies will rapidly follow our lead if they have not already done so. And again, to make sure that this is safe and effective treatment, you need a physician to prescribe the prescription medication because it's on prescription. Second big question, how are we going to collect clinical data to answer the big questions that the president is asking and the secretary insists that we offer?

Mehmet Oz: CMS is also issuing guidance to convene states and existing research networks to support NIH and FDA in their research efforts of prescription leucovorin, while also maintaining the privacy of all patients, all health information of our beneficiaries. Collecting real world data, which is what many of you have been asking us to do in the community, is fast.

Mehmet Oz: It is life saving and we'll get answers based on what happens over the next few months with this approach. The aggressive approach, and it is aggressive, demanded by the president and by the secretary, have already identified risk factors and opened the door for the first, the first FDA recognized treatment pathway for autism.

Mehmet Oz: It is the first of its kind and it wouldn't have happened without the leadership of the president and the secretary. The fivefold increased prevalence of autism over the past 25 years demands a rapid response. The average clinician researcher, we spoke to many, thought it would take five years to get this data.

Mehmet Oz: Parents are unwilling to wait five years. The president is unwilling to wait five years for these results. So the president and the secretary are acting today with this tri-agency move. The administration's bold actions, investing in groundbreaking research, follow the science, they restore trust, which has been lacking, and they will change the trajectory for millions of American families.

Mehmet Oz: Mr. President, God bless you for being brave.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.

Mehmet Oz: Let me introduce Dr. Fink, who was acting administrator. And after Dr. Fink, we've got some wonderful women, Jackie and Amanda. I know it's going to be tough, but if you can make some comments about this historic day. God bless you.

Dorothy Fink: Thank you, Mr. President, for this opportunity to speak with all of you today. As a pediatrician and mom, I am here today to talk about what this announcement means for the millions of moms and dads who are faced with the choice of whether to take acetaminophen during pregnancy. It's hard to hear information that challenges the status quo.

Dorothy Fink: We are sharing this information not to confuse, but to empower parents to make the best choices when taking medications during pregnancy. We are all concerned about the rising rates of neurodevelopmental disorders, including autism. President Trump and Secretary Kennedy are dedicated to radical transparency so that patients have the best, most up to date information.

Dorothy Fink: We are also sharing this information with our nation's doctors and we encourage you, as always, to consult with your doctor to make the best decision for you. All too often, it's easy to think that medicines we buy without a prescription pose little to no risk for the mom or the baby.

Dorothy Fink: As you heard today, pregnant women who need high fever or pain reduction during pregnancy should take the lowest effective dose of acetaminophen for the shortest possible duration. Most women will not meet these indications during their pregnancies. I am encouraged by these developments today because it is another example of our commitment to the American people to leave no stone unturned in improving the health of our nation's children.

Dorothy Fink: Next, I'm going to turn it over to some incredible mothers who are going to share more about their stories. And we're so grateful to have you here today.

Unidentified: Thank you. Thank you, Mr. President and team for all your work. This is a historic day, and I'm thankful to be here. I have a son who's five, who is profoundly autistic. And you've probably heard if you've met one autistic child, you've met one autistic child. It's a spectrum. Which I don't think the spectrum is helpful, but that's another conversation.

Unidentified: Um, he is an amazing little boy, a blessing from God. He -- he's marvelous. He can count to a thousand. He knows all of his letters and the sounds they make and a word for each one, um, but he also, um, has a lot of obstacles. He is non-verbal. He can say those numbers and letters, but there's no communication.

Unidentified: Unless you've lived with profound autism, you have no idea. You have no idea. He like you said, he will get frustrated because he can't speak. It's not even that he can't speak. Sometimes, he just doesn't understand what I'm saying. He understands the word no. But he doesn't understand the why behind the no. And that's a huge part of discipline.

Unidentified: That's the discipline. So it's very hard to discipline a child with autism. So you have these behaviors. And it's a very hopeless feeling. And it's very isolating being a parent with a profound autistic child. Even just taking them over to your friend's house is something we just don't do. Because again, they're going to be met with no, no, no. And no understanding of why.

Unidentified: And then there's a meltdown. And then you're in a situation where you're just helpless and you're just trying to protect your kid. So it's just better not to do it. You learn your limits. And it's been really hard. This is amazing that we're here today. And I can't -- no one has been able to point to anything to say this is what caused it. And you can't point to that and say it didn't cause it. I have no idea.

Unidentified: I am completely open, not blaming anything, but I'm open to the discussion and the fact that there's work being done to find answers. I'm very grateful. I was already excited to vote for Mr. Trump, anyway, Mr. President, um, but when we got word of RFK doing his work, I was ecstatic. I could not wait for this work to be done.

Unidentified: That somebody would try to find us some answers. I'm just very grateful, um, I pray for my son every day. And I hope that he can get the help that he needs. And uh, just thank you.

Donald Trump: Thank you, darling.

Unidentified: Thank you very much.

Donald Trump: Thank you. You take care of yourself.

Unidentified: I Thank you. Hi, my name is Jackie. I'm also extremely grateful for the opportunity to be here and share my son's story. My son is Eddie. He's 11. He's on the opposite end of the spectrum from what Amanda just explained. He's considered high functioning. He was not always high functioning. He was nonverbal until the age four.

Unidentified: We've had quite -- quite a hard time to get to the place where we are today. I am just so grateful to President Trump and the entire administration for finally listening to moms who have been crying out for help for answers for years. I've met so many other moms with children on the spectrum in the nine years since my son's diagnosis and they all have very similar stories.

Unidentified: And they've all just wanted somebody to listen. To not ridicule them or look at them like they were the crazy people. It's hard when you don't have doctors that take the time to really listen and -- and find out when the change happened and what change happened. And -- and it's just -- I've been praying for this day for nine years.

Unidentified: And I'm so thankful to God for -- for bringing the administration into our lives. And I am just -- I'm speechless. This day is a day I never thought would happen. I thought that we would never have an administration that was courageous enough to look into things that no prior administration had. So I'm just here to express my gratitude.

Unidentified: And I am looking forward to what comes from this. And hopefully, we just get more answers. So, thank you.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. So I just want to say acetaminophen is basically Tylenol, essentially. Because I noticed that term is used throughout this conference. So it's essentially titled -- Tylenol. And I just recommend strongly that you don't use Tylenol unless it's absolutely necessary. They -- I understand it's maybe 10 percent of the women that are pregnant are, you know, would perhaps be forced to use it. And that would mean -- you just can't tough it out.

Donald Trump: No matter what you do, you can't tough it out. So that's up to you and your doctor. But this is a very strong recommendation, maybe stronger for me than from the group because they're waiting for certain studies. I don't -- I just want to say, I want to say it like it is, don't take Tylenol. Don't take it. If you just can't -- I mean it's fight like hell not to take it. There may be a point where you have to and that you'll -- you have to work out with yourself.

Donald Trump: So don't take Tylenol. Other things that we recommend or certainly I do anyway is uh -- and it's so important to me to take -- see the doctor four times or five times for a vaccine. Don't let them pump your baby up with the largest pile of stuff you've ever seen in your life going into the -- the delicate little body of a baby.

Donald Trump: Even if it's two years, three years, four years, you just break it up into, I would say five, but let's say four, four visits to the doctor instead of one. And certain things I think you should do. We've already taken out and are in the process of taking out mercury and aluminum now. You know what Mercury is, you know what aluminum is. Who the hell wants that pumped into a body?

Donald Trump: And there were rumors about both of them for a long time. But uh, we're having them taken out. We're having them taken out of the vaccines. Hepatitis B, again, that's sexually transmitted. And we think you should wait -- I think you should wait till 12. You know, I'm just making these statements for me. I'm not making them from these doctors because when they, uh, they talk about, you know, different results, different studies, uh, I talk about a lot of common sense.

Donald Trump: And they have that too. They have that too a lot. But I recommend the Hepatitis B take, uh, take it, uh, at 12. It's sexually transmitted. You don't have to give it to the baby when the baby is two years old. And there are a lot of theories on that, but not when they're 12. It's not -- it doesn't seem to be a problem at all.

Donald Trump: The MMR, uh, and the chickenpox. Chickenpox has already been broken out. It's a singular -- singular shot. But the MMR is, uh, is not. And I've heard for years that there's a problem with it. But they say that there's no problem if you do each shot separately, not put together. So an MMR get -- go out and do it separately.

Donald Trump: Don't take Tylenol. Don't give Tylenol to the baby after the baby is born. Every time the baby gets a shot, the baby goes gets a shot. They say here take a couple of Tylenol. I've heard that for years, take Tylenol. Don't take Tylenol. Don't have your baby take Tylenol. Now Tylenol is fine for people that aren't pregnant, that aren't in the situation.

Donald Trump: Now we're talking about one very specific situation. If you're pregnant, don't take Tylenol. When you have your baby, don't give your baby Tylenol, at all. Unless it's absolutely necessary, don't do it. Break up your visits to the doctors. Break them up. Do it in five if you can. Now it's inconvenient, it's inconvenient.

Donald Trump: Oh, you got to have to go back. Another year later, you've going to go back each year for four years, five years, three years, just break it up. Break it up. Because it's too much liquid, too many different things are going into that baby at too big -- a too big a number. The size of this thing when you look at it, it's like 80 different vaccines and beyond vaccines, and 80. And you give that to a little kid.

Donald Trump: I mean, I can tell you that, uh, I had a woman who worked for me, a beautiful, wonderful woman who worked in Trump Tower and she had the most perfect child, beautiful, just perfect.

Donald Trump: And I remember this little blond haired boy running around the lobby of Trump Tower, so healthy and so vibrant and I said, that's great. One day, I came in and she was crying her eyes out behind the counter. She worked at the front desk. She was crying her eyes out. I've never -- as much as I've ever seen anyone distraught, she was.

Donald Trump: I said, are you OK, what happened? My boy, my boy, I've lost my boy. What does that mean, your boy? My boy, you know him, sir. You've seen him grow up. He was so beautiful. And I took him for a vaccine, sir, and he developed this unbelievable, I think she said 107, 108 -- you know, it goes well beyond, when this happens, it goes up to 106, 107, 108. You know, we hear 105 and you're in trouble, but it just goes up to a level that you never hear about, but it goes up very high.

Donald Trump: And they get -- it's fried. They get fried. She said, I took him, he developed an unbelievable temperature and I've lost him, sir, he's gone. And then I saw the boy, it was a whole -- it was so tragic to see. That was the following day. That was the following day after the vaccine. And I've seen it two other times and I think three other times, but two other times, where they go to the doctor and they get the vaccine, they get the shot.

Donald Trump: The kid is, you know, badly hurt. Let's be nice, badly hurt, and just do it, break it up into five, break it up into four. Break it up into three if you have to, but go to the doctor four times instead of once, or five times instead of once. And for some reason, they insist that you put it all into the body and maybe that's the drug companies.

Donald Trump: They make more money. That way maybe it's the doctors because they don't want to be, you know, doing this so much. Maybe it was -- maybe it's the doctors, they get maybe more money. Who the hell knows what it is. Don't do it. Get them broken into four or five visits, do it in four or five. That means you have 20 percent, 25 percent what you're putting into the baby's body.

Donald Trump: It can only help. It can only help. And the other things I told you about, just the words tough it out. You know, it's easy for me to say tough it out, but sometimes in life or a lot of other things, you have to tough it out also. Don't take Tylenol -- don't give Tylenol to the baby when the baby is born.

Donald Trump: They throw it at you, here, throw it, give him a couple of Tylenol, they give him a shot. They give him a vaccine. And every time they give him a vaccine, they're throwing Tylenol. And some of these babies, they're long born and all of a sudden they're gone. And it doesn't hurt not to do it. It doesn't hurt.

Donald Trump: There's no downside. There's no downside at all. And break up MMR, break it up. It's practically a known fact that if you break it up, you're not going to have a problem. But for years, we've been hearing how bad MMR is as a combination and I'm very happy that you broke out chickenpox because that was really a problem.

Donald Trump: And there are other things. It's interesting, because there are other things, other -- we were talking about it, other different drugs pills that you take that we know are so bad and they don't take them anymore. But for some reason, with this, they keep taking it. Don't take Tylenol. There's no downside.

Donald Trump: Don't take it. You'll be uncomfortable. It won't be as easy, maybe, but don't take it. If you're pregnant, don't take Tylenol and don't give it to the baby after the baby is born. And you know, we have more than three years left. And I told Bobby and the doctors behind me and they are so committed to this.

Donald Trump: I told them that this is the number one thing I want to do from you and you know, we have something else called Favored Nations, where I'm going to be reducing drug prices by 1,000 percent, by 900, 600, 500, 1,200. We're going to be reducing drug prices at levels never seen. It's called Favored Nations. We're going to be paying what the -- right now, we're like the garbage can for the rest of the world and we have been for forever.

Donald Trump: We pay much higher for drugs than the rest of the world. We subsidize the rest of the world. We're not doing that anymore and that's a big thing. That's a big thing. That's bigger than anything. I told this story the other night, that I was so proud of my first term that for the final year, drug prices went down one quarter of one percent, and I was so proud.

Donald Trump: I said -- I'm the first one to do it. I think it was 28 years, they said, where drug prices went down from the beginning of the term to the end, and I was so proud. I called a news conference. I said, you know, drug prices have gone down, first time it's happened in 28 years. You know what it was, one quarter of one percent.

Donald Trump: I was so proud. Now we're going to have them go down from $100 a pill to $9 a pill, from $1,300 for a shot of like an Ozempic or the fat -- I call it the fat pill or the fat drug. Sometimes it works, I guess for people. The ones I've seen, it hasn't worked so well. A lot of friends, they're fat and they said, yeah, I lost some weight.

Donald Trump: I said, you don't look it to me, but they paid $1,300, $1,200 and they go to London and they pay $88 and they call me and they go, what's this all about? We're subsidizing the rest of the world, stupidly, because a lot of stupid people in this country running things. And how big is that, but to me that's nothing compared to autism.

Donald Trump: I see that gorgeous boy, I have a big present for him in the back. You know, you bring him back. We're going to bring him into the Oval Office. I have the best present he's ever going to get, OK, a big one. I saved it for you, OK, because I heard you were coming. Look how beautiful he is. So that's it. There's nothing much to say.

Donald Trump: Don't take Tylenol if you're pregnant and don't give Tylenol to your child when he's born or she's born. Don't give it, just don't give it. And we're going to have, I think, really -- if you do all -- the things that I say, break it up, just break it up. Break up the shots with the doctor. MMR, as I told you, separate, separate, separate.

Donald Trump: Chicken pox, already separate. You do these things, I'm telling you -- I want -- when I leave office, I don't want to have -- it's going to be the kind of number that we're hearing where it's 1 in 32 or 1 in 10 because I've heard 1 in 10 also. And in California, it's really bad. I want it to be -- let's get it back to maybe 1 in 10,000 or 1 in 20,000 or maybe none in 20,000. And the only way you're going to do that -- because this is artificially induced.

Donald Trump: This is induced by something you don't go from 1 in 20,000 to 1 in 10,000 then to 1 in 10. That means you're taking something and something's wrong. And I feel very certain, and I know I'll be criticized. Some day, they'll look back and they'll say, well, it wasn't, but I think it will. I think we're going to have a tremendous -- I want -- this is one of the most -- this is the most important.

Donald Trump: There's nothing more important than me. We cured inflation that Biden gave us. He gave us so much inflation, the biggest ever in history. We got inflation done. We brought prices down. We gave you the largest tax cuts, all that stuff. It doesn't mean a thing compared to what we're doing today. This means everything.

Donald Trump: So we're going to save a lot of children from a tough life, a really tough life. We're going to save a lot of parents from a tough life. OK. How about a few questions? Let's just make it on this subject. This is so beyond as a subject that I'd rather not talk about, you know, some nonsense on the economy.

Donald Trump: And I will say this, the economy is unbelievable. The stock market just hit another record high and all that stuff, this means more to me. Yeah, please.

Question: Mr. President, I have one on your announcement, one on vaccines, that's also related.

Donald Trump: Yes.

Question: Why do you think we haven't heard more previously about the tie to autism and acetaminophen?

Donald Trump: Nobody knows. I don't know. Not only that, when you say it, you get attacked. I was saying something similar, not as strongly because now facts are on our side, but I was saying it with Bobby 20 years ago and I was attacked. I said, whoa, what was that all about? I had no idea. You get attacked. I don't know.

Donald Trump: The medical community, the drug companies, doctors -- I don't know what it is. All I want to do -- I don't care. I don't care about being attacked. It doesn't matter to me. I believe that the numbers at the end of our term or shortly thereafter could be really phenomenal. I want it to go up. Just like it came down to this horrible level, 1 in 10, 1 in 12. I was told 1 in 10, I was told 1 in 12. Today, I heard 1 in 31, if you add the girls and the boys together.

Donald Trump: It's crazy. And it was 1 in 10,000 and 1 in 20,000. It's not even sustainable for a country, you want to know the truth. And there are other places that don't have it and they have things in common and that's called medical research. Yeah, please.

Question: Mr. President, I'm curious, as you look at the trend lines --

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Question: -- how much of this is the causation of acetaminophen and how much is sort of better diagnosis, doctors, researchers having a better understanding of what is on the autism spectrum?

Donald Trump: Do you want to do that?

Robert F. Kennedy Jr.: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Go ahead, Bobby.

Robert F. Kennedy Jr.: That's one of the canards that has been promoted by the industry for many years that it's changed diagnostic criteria, better recognition. And -- but there's been study after study done of that, that completely debunks that. One of them by the Mind Institute at UC Davis, University of California. Um, but also it's just common sense.

Robert F. Kennedy Jr.: Because you're only seeing this in people who are under 50 years of age. If it were better recognition or diagnosis, you'd see it in a 70 year old men. I've never seen this happening in people my age. I've never seen a case of full blown autism. And that means profound autism. I want to be very careful. Headbanging, stimming, toe walking, non-verbal, non-toilet trained.

Robert F. Kennedy Jr.: I've never in my life seen a 70 year old man who looks like that. You're only seeing it in a kid. It's an epidemic.

Question: Mr. President?

Note: [Crosstalk]

Question: Mr. President? Mr. President, I was hoping that you could clear up confusion for moms and dads across America, many of whom voted for you. There's a statement that was put out by the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists. And in their statement, they write, "acetaminophen remains a safe trusted option for pain relief during pregnancy.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Question: And that's at odds with what you said and with what many of the experts say.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Question: How do you --

Donald Trump: It's the establishment. That's the establishment. They're funded by lots of different groups. Uh, and you know what? Maybe they're right. I don't think they are because I don't think the facts bear it out at all. Uh, they're fighting for something that, in my opinion, they shouldn't be fighting for. But here's the thing, there's no downside to doing -- other than a mother will have to, as I say, tough it out a little bit.

Donald Trump: There's no downside to doing this. It's not like, oh, if you do this, you're going to die. There's no downside. There's no downside to going over a four year or five year period or a three year period or even if you space them out for six months. You space it out. There's no downside. And that's why I will say the gentleman behind me, they have very strong views.

Donald Trump: And they feel that we're right. But they'll have more research done over the next two months. I said, well, two months is a long time. A lot of people can be saved. And there's no downside to doing it. Everything I said, there's no downside to doing it. It can only be good. And I think you're going to see very good results.

Donald Trump: That's establishment stuff. And we've been reading that about a lot of things for years. And you know what's happened? We've gone from one in 20,000, to one in 10,000, to one in 32, to one in 10. Think of it. One in 10 or 12 or one in 31. Think of it, one in 31 people, young kids get autism. What is it, Jeff?

Note: [Crosstalk]

Question: My question is about Leucovorin. You mentioned that as part of your plan. Um, that is also a chemotherapy treatment. Have you been in touch with the drug companies to increase production --

Donald Trump: Why don't I have the doctor answer that?

Question: And just I'm going to throw in my follow up at the same time. Dr. Oz mentioned that this will be available with chip, children who are on chip, but the great -- the Big, Beautiful Bill reduced funding for CHIP and Medicaid by $1 trillion over the next ten years.

Donald Trump: Yeah, that's --

Question: Are you concerned that that will impact your ability to get this drug out?

Donald Trump: I'll explain it to you in a second, but please go ahead.

Marty Makary: Thank you. Thank you. Leucovorin is not a chemotherapy, but it is a vitamin given with chemotherapy, sometimes. And the idea here is that the folic acid receptor in the brain is blocked by some antibody response. It might be 20, 40, 50 percent of kids with autism. And Leucovorin will bypass that blocked receptor.

Marty Makary: And that's why so many doctors are probably seeing so much clinical improvement on kids with Leucovorin.

Question: So are you going to increase production? Have you talk to the companies?

Marty Makary: Yeah, we've been in touch with the companies. And they are prepared to ramp up production. And we actually talked to them about a month ago.

Donald Trump: And on your second part of your nasty question, the -- the number is that the great Big Beautiful Bill, which is the greatest, I think the -- one of the best things ever passed in the history with the tax cuts and regulation cuts and all of the things it does, no tax on tips, no tax on Social Security, no tax on overtime, all of it does.

Donald Trump: It also gives $200 million, as just explained by Dr. Oz. And I'd like you to explain that, Dr., to exactly what you're saying.

Mehmet Oz: The Big Beautiful Bill actually increases Medicaid spending projected over the next ten years by $200 billion. There's also a $50 billion Rural Health Transformation Fund, which will allow a lot of these programs to get into rural parts of the country that the president and Congress are -- are candy to governors to start distributing.

Mehmet Oz: Those grants that have already gone out. The money will be allocated by the end of this calendar year. And I want to point out that the ability of NIH to do research that feeds and hands the ball to the FDA, which then can change labeling to allow Medicaid programs and states to fund this program will ensure that the things that President Trump and Secretary Kennedy desire are financially affordable for the families around America.

Question: You mentioned CHIPs, that's why I asked that question. You mentioned that CHIP would fund this for children.

Mehmet Oz: Well, most of the kids are on Medicaid, probably 43 percent are on Medicaid and another eight-10 percent on CHIP. And all the programs in general are being evaluated. Most of what the one Big Beautiful dill -- Bill was seeking to do was to remove fraud, waste and abuse. But the programs themselves should stay financially intact for the people for whom they were designed.

Mehmet Oz: And in this case, for children.

Donald Trump: And the only thing --

Note: [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: The only thing we cut, so that's $200 billion positive. The only thing we cut was for fraud, waste and abuse, of which there was a lot in this country. And nobody minds that. Yeah, please.

Question: Mr. President, you said that there is no reason to give newborn babies Hepatitis B vaccines, but Hepatitis B can be contracted, not just through sexually transmitted diseases. It can come from needles to open wounds. So when you say you feel, you know, is that appropriate to be telling --

Donald Trump: I think it's absolutely appropriate. I think they should wait until they're 12 years old. Yes, please.

Question: Thank you all for being here. You've been talking about reducing autism by spacing out vaccines. Would you like other combined vaccines babies receive to be spaced out like MMRV?

Donald Trump: What is this -- again?

Question: Um, you've been talking --

Donald Trump: You have to -- speak up, please.

Question: Yes, sir. You've been talking about reducing autism by spacing out vaccines.

Donald Trump: Right, correct.

Question: Would you like the other combined vaccines babies receive to be spaced out like MMRV?

Donald Trump: I would say yes, but that just is -- for me, it's a lot of common sense involved in this. It's a process. But we're looking. But it should at least be given separately. Now it's possible that you can reduce them and give it -- I'd give them in small doses, but it's possible maybe in that particular case, the MMR wouldn't work in small doses.

Donald Trump: But you can certainly give them a separate charge. It's been proven to be very safe when you give them in separate shots instead of mixing. So I don't think there's any reason to do that. Do you agree with that? I'm not a doctor, but I'm giving my opinion. I don't think there's any reason to do that. So it's been proven to be safe when you break them up. But MMR, by itself, I've heard bad things about it for many years.

Donald Trump: Yes, please.

Question: Mr. President, is the spectrum too broad in your opinion? For research purposes, you are dealing with a population of children who might have social boundary difficulties. And then you have children who are, you know, going to grow up to be adults in diapers.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Question: I mean, what do you think?

Donald Trump: Uh, we don't know how broad the spectrum is. We don't know exactly where it starts and where it ends. But we do know what we're going through. We're going through some very serious trouble. And we know autism. I mean, it's -- it could be bigger, it could be smaller, a little bit smaller, but the number is unacceptable.

Donald Trump: And the number, the way it's come down the way because the spectrum has remained the same, the number, the way it's come down is just, uh, unacceptable. Meaning, come down to that level of one in 10, one in 12, one in 31. Go ahead in the back.

Question: Um, this question is more directed towards Secretary Kennedy. Uh, you talked about that we're just kind of finding out about, uh, the fact that babies are affected this way. Uh, is there a concern that information is being suppressed right now within HHS? And could an investigation perhaps be launched --

Donald Trump: Well, I think information has been really, uh, not given out very freely over the years, absolutely. And I think that's by drug companies and maybe doctors. But I certainly think that over the years. Uh, I think this is a different group. We -- we have a lot of information. And that information, I mean, it's the information that we have that we're making these statements.

Donald Trump: And I'm making them out front. And I'm making them loud. And I'm making them strongly not to take Tylenol. Not to take it. Just don't take it unless it's absolutely necessary. And there's not too many cases where that will be the case. And again, what's the worst? The worst is nothing can happen. It's very positive.

Donald Trump: That's a positive thing. But I don't believe that's -- that -- I don't actually believe that's possible. I think the results are going to be amazing. I want to see amazing results by the time I leave this beautiful building. And I -- I will consider this -- I believe, you know, with the wars, I've stopped seven different wars.

Donald Trump: I've saved millions of lives. I've done a lot of things. This will be as important as any single thing I've done. Because I know ladies, beautiful ladies, just like this, that are going through the same thing. And it's not easy. And I admire you for being able to do it. But I admire him, too. I wish I had a face that look like that.

Donald Trump: If I had looks like him, I would've been president a long time ago. [Laughter]

Note: [Crosstalk]

Question: Mr. President? [Inaudible] is widely used in other countries too. As you made this announcement, do you expect your decision may affect other countries?

Donald Trump: I hope they follow it. Yeah. I hope they follow it. Yeah, other countries are -- you know, sell Tylenol. Some countries don't. I mean, I hear Cuba -- now, again, you'll have to check this out, but I hear Cuba doesn't have it because it's very expensive and they don't have the money to have it, or they don't want to spend the money to have it. They don't have Tylenol.

Donald Trump: And I hear they have essentially no autism. So you have to check it out. w

Question: Mr. President?

Donald Trump: Yeah, Brian, please.

Question: Medical professionals have warned for decades --

Donald Trump: No, no, I said -- no, not you. You're CNN. You're fake news. Go ahead, Brian.

Question: Thank you, Mr. President. I want to go back to the Amish community if I could, just for a second. I recently saw a man from Minnesota, an Amish man from Minnesota --

Donald Trump: Right.

Question: -- on a podcast. And the host asked him what the rates were for like ADHD and autism and he had no idea about ADHD, didn't know it existed and certainly didn't know of any cases. What are --

Donald Trump: It doesn't exist with the Amish community, and they don't take all of this junk. It doesn't exist. That tells you -- doesn't that tell you -- that's like -- you know, that's like certain countries where it doesn't exist and they don't take it. Would you like to make a comment about that, Marty?

Marty Makary: The Amish population are a very mixed group, so there's a subset that take vaccines, a subset that does not, and we know they have very low rates of chronic disease all across the board.

Question: Mr. President?

Donald Trump: Please.

Question: Thank you, Mr. President. Should the establishment media show at least some openness to trying to figure out what the cause [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: I wish they would, yeah.

Question: Why are they so close-minded?

Donald Trump: Well, look, it's not only the media, in all fairness, it's some people. When you talk about vaccines, they go crazy. And you know, I'm a big supporter of vaccines. I got a certain vaccine approved in nine months that would have taken from 5 to 12 years. I'm very proud of it. A lot of people think it was one of the greatest things I've done and some people think, mostly Republicans, actually.

Donald Trump: I'll tell you, the Democrats think it was -- they think Operation Warp Speed was one of the greatest things any president has done, any president. You know, we're very proud of what happened. We got hit with something that came from a place that shouldn't have happened, but it did happen. You know, those things take place and you're very unpleasantly surprised.

Donald Trump: But no, I'm a big believer in vaccines, the polio vaccine, big, big believer in vaccines. I know Bobby and you guys have it out a little bit, but he's a believer in vaccines too. But I've seen how great vaccines can be, how incredible they can be, so I'm a believer. Yeah. Yeah, please.

Question: Your comments you made about MMR and hepatitis B --

Donald Trump: Right.

Question: -- and you said those were your suggestions, but have you spoken with Secretary Kennedy about actually making those changes?

Donald Trump: I have. Yeah, I have. I've spoken to all the doctors about it and doctors that are not here right now. I've spoken to many doctors about all of -- everything we're talking about. And you know, the Tylenol has started to be spoken of over the last period of time, but we've been doing the research. A lot of what they've been speaking about comes from right here, by research done by these people.

Donald Trump: And I just say it again, don't take Tylenol. Don't take it, and don't give it to your child after your child is born. And do all those other things, little things, just spread out your visits, etc., etc., on the vaccine. And I want to thank everybody. This is a very important day. Thank you very much.