Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-bilat-dick-schoof-netherlands-june-25-2025

Donald Trump: Well, I just want to thank the Netherlands. They've done a great job. You have done -- Mr. Prime Minister, you've done a great job. And this was a tremendous summit and I enjoyed it very much and thank you. I stayed through every one of those speeches, every one. And some were good, and some weren't quite as good.

Dick Schoof: Yeah, I know I realized, yes, I was listening as well.

Donald Trump: Yeah, yeah, you did a beautiful job.

Dick Schoof: Thank you. Thank you, Mr. President, and thank you for being at the NATO summit. I think together we made a big achievement in NATO today and going and agreeing on the 5 percent and making a real big step forward. And now working together on defense industry, make sure that we've got the deterrence and defense in the Western world, Europe, America, Canada, together make it strong.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.

Dick Schoof: Thank you, big decisions today.

Donald Trump: Great honor.

Dick Schoof: Yes, my honor.

Donald Trump: So, thank you very much, everybody. We're going to have a press conference in a couple of minutes. How about we'll do that. We're going to do it in a couple of minutes. Some great statements just came out from the Israeli Atomic Energy Commission and from Iran, as you know, that it was complete total destruction.

Donald Trump: And CNN turned out to be fake news as always. That's why they have no credibility. That's why they have no viewers. But we're going to read it to you if you haven't seen it. Have you seen it, Jeff?

Question: Yes, sir.

Donald Trump: Have you seen it? OK. Pretty good. Very unfair to the pilots that risked their lives for our country. And then they get fake news -- New York Times and CNN make up a phony story to get some hits. That's the only reason I cared about it, because those pilots were so brave. I've never seen anything like it. They flew into the hornet's nest and then they got hurt so badly by what the fake news wrote, and it was CNN, it was the New York Times and they're both disgusting.

Donald Trump: Disgusting -- really horrible groups of people. The pilots did an unbelievable job like nobody's ever seen. They hit pay dirt. You see where the -- I guess you probably looked, they call it the wound, you see where the wound is on the earth and three of them right next to each other, perfect. And they should be admired and respected for what they did.

Donald Trump: And the fake news, in order to try and hit me, the fake news made them look bad, but now they look really good again. So, that was the Israeli Atomic Energy Commission and it was also about the High Commission of Iran just said it was totally demolished. But we're going to have a news conference in a couple of minutes and we'll see you because I don't want to burden the prime minister with this.

Donald Trump: OK, thank you very much, everybody. Thank you.

Question: How do you like the Netherlands, sir?

Donald Trump: I love the Netherlands. Are you from the Netherlands? Yes, I love the Netherlands.

Question: [Inaudible] is the Netherlands second?

Donald Trump: What did she say?

Dick Schoof: If American is first, is the Netherlands then second?

Donald Trump: Oh, no. Well, I think -- I know some people put it first. Have a good time, everybody. Thank you. Thank you.

Note: [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: I'm going to have -- I think the summit was fantastic. It was a big success. You had great people here, everybody showed up. They were all the prime ministers and the presidents and the kings and the queens, right? And I actually had breakfast today with a king and a queen who were beautiful, beautiful people, central casting I must say, very nice.

Donald Trump: We had a great time. We thought the Netherlands was fantastic and I think you did a fantastic job.

Dick Schoof: Thank you. We made big decisions today at the NATO summit, so that's important.

Donald Trump: Yeah, big things happened.

Dick Schoof: Yes, absolutely.

Question: Mr. President, you said you would clarify your stance on Article 5 just yesterday. Is that something you can explain?

Donald Trump: I stand with it. That's why I'm here. If I didn't stand with it, I wouldn't be here.

Question: So, you would defend countries even if --

Donald Trump: [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: Well, what did I just say? Yes, of course, why would I be here? Thank you very much, everybody.