Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-melania-trump-reading-children-easter-egg-roll-white-house-april-21-2025

Melania Trump: What a beautiful crowd.

Unidentified: Happy Easter.

Melania Trump: Happy Easer. Hi. So, I have a book here that I really like, and on the end, you will tell me what you learn from it. And the name is Bunny with a Big Heart. Does anybody know this book? Yeah. You do? Beautiful. So, let's start. Bunny with a Big Heart. PJ Funnybunny was a very busy bunny. He was always doing something.

Melania Trump: "I'm going to the park", he shouted one morning. Then he raced out of the house, leaving the door wide open. PJ also left his dirty dishes on the table, his toys all over his bedroom floor, and Ritchie Raccoons' baseball mitt under his bed. "Sorry I'm late", said PJ when he got to the park, but PJ was always late.

Melania Trump: "Where is my baseball mitt?" asked Ritchie. "I will bring it tomorrow", said PJ. But that was what PJ said yesterday. That night, Honey Bunny asked PJ to watch a movie with her. "It's the new Hoppy Bunny movie", she cried, but PJ didn't want to watch it. "Those movies are for babies", he said. PJ thought only of himself.

Melania Trump: He was too busy to think of his family and friends. Then one day PJ twisted -- twisted his ankle sliding into second base. "Ouch, ouch, ouch", cried PJ as Ritchie and Potts carried him home. "My poor little bunny", said his mom. "Keep your ankle up and rest", said his dad, but PJ didn't want to rest. He wanted to go to Pine Coney Island with his friends.

Melania Trump: That afternoon, PJ's friends came over with video games. "Aren't you going to Pine Coney Island?" PJ asked, but PJ's friends wanted to stay and play with him. "Pine Coney Island wouldn't be fun without you", they said. That night, PJ's mom brought him dinner in bed. It was macaroni and cheese, PJ's favorite.

Melania Trump: And when PJ was ready for dessert, Honey Bunny brought him carrot cake. After dinner, PJ's mom put a warm blanket over him, and Honey Bunny fluffed up his pillow. Then his dad read him a James Bunny book. Everyone fused over PJ The next day, too. That night, PJ thought about all the kind of things everyone had done for him.

Melania Trump: He was a lucky bunny, but it was time for him to be more thoughtful bunny, too. The next day, PJ's ankle was better, so PJ made his bed, then he swept up all the popcorn on the floor. "We missed you, PJ", said his family when he sat down for breakfast. After breakfast, PJ cried everyone's dishes to the -- carried everyone's dishes to the sink.

Melania Trump: Then PJ went to the park to play with his friends. "Sorry, we are late", said Ritchie to Potts, but Ritchie and Potts were not late. "I was early", said PJ as he gave Ritchie his baseball mitt. That afternoon, PJ returned all of his -- Ritchie's toys. "I forgot you had my science kit", said Ritchie. Then PJ returned all of his -- Potts toys.

Melania Trump: "I wondered where my pogo stick was", said Potts. PJ was happy. It felt good to think of others. That night, PJ and Honey Bunny watched one Hoppy Bunny movie after another after another after another until there were no Hoppy Bunny movies left to watch. They all fall asleep. The end. So, what did you learn from the book?

Melania Trump: Anyone? Tell me.

Unidentified: [Inaudible]

Melania Trump: Yes. You need to make friends and take care of them, as well, right? Yes?

Unidentified: [Inaudible]

Melania Trump: Sorry?

Unidentified: Kindness.

Melania Trump: Kindness. Yes, we've learned kindness from here. You?

Unidentified: [Inaudible]

Melania Trump: To be kind to other people. Yes, I agree. So, have a great afternoon. Enjoy activities. Happy Easter Monday. Enjoy time with your families, and it was great to host you here. I hope to see you next year. Thank you. Thank you.