Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-bilat-al-nahyan-abu-dhabi-uae-may-15-2025

Mohammed bin Zayed Al Nahyan: [Via Translator] Mr. President, for over 50 years, the UAE and the United States have shared a multidimensional strategic partnership and a long-standing friendship grounded in a shared commitment to advancing prosperity and stability in our countries, the region, and the world. Over the decades, the UAE has been a trusted partner of the United States, both in terms of bilateral operations and in matters of shared concern.

Mohammed bin Zayed Al Nahyan: [Via Translator] We are keen to continue deepening this friendship for the benefit of both our nations and peoples. Your presence here today, Mr. President affirms that this commitment is mutual. Diplomatic relations between our two nations was established in 1971 but the connection between our peoples goes back further.

Mohammed bin Zayed Al Nahyan: [Via Translator] Two doctors who came as missionaries from the church in California have their names etched in the collective memory of the UAE, they are Pat and Marian Kennedy. They arrived in Al Ain in late fifties, working under challenging conditions at the time when up to one in two infants, and in four, and and one and four mothers died during childbirth.

Mohammed bin Zayed Al Nahyan: [Via Translator] They founded Oasis Hospital, which played a pivotal role in the development of healthcare in the UAE. A few months after their arrival, Mr. President, I was born in the same hospital that these two American doctors founded. In recognition of their contributions, they were awarded the Abu Dhabi Award in it's, it's first edition in 2005, and in 2- in 2019, the hospital has, was renamed Kanad Hospital in their honor, and their family was hosted in Abu Dhabi in gratitude for their service to the p- to the people of the UAE. Mr. President, the UAE and the United States share a strong development focused partnership.

Mohammed bin Zayed Al Nahyan: [Via Translator] This Partnership has taken a significant leap forward since you assumed office, particularly in the areas of a new economy, energy, advanced technology, artificial intelligence, and industry. A testament to this is the UAE's plan to invest in these sectors through the UAE's investment bodies at a total value of $1.4 trillion over the next 10 years.

Mohammed bin Zayed Al Nahyan: [Via Translator] Additionally, major partnerships and projects are underway between private sector entities in both nations. Beyond these areas, our country's maintain a strategic partnership in the field of space exploration, and the Astronaut Program and the Asteroid Belt mission. In this context, I would like to share something that may not be widely known.

Mohammed bin Zayed Al Nahyan: [Via Translator] The American spacecraft, Apollo 17, that flew in 1973 has carried the UAE flag on it's journey to the moon. That was flag was later sent by NASA nation's founding father, the late Sheikh Zayed bin Sultan Al Nahyan in in 1973. Along with a fragment of lunar rock. Sheikh Zayed met with Apollo astronauts on several occasions, and he had a deep and enduring mission for the UAE to reach space.

Mohammed bin Zayed Al Nahyan: [Via Translator] Mr. President, in March of this year, you stated that the UAE and the United States have long been partners in efforts to bring peace and security to the Middle East and the world. Today, I reaffirm to you that the UAE remains committed to working with the United States to advance peace and stability in our region and globally.

Mohammed bin Zayed Al Nahyan: [Via Translator] Once again, Mr. President, I warmly welcome you and I'm confident that this visit will have a profound and positive impact on the future of our bilateral relations. Thank you.

Donald Trump: Thank you. Well, I'd like to thank you, your highness. Uh, what a lot of people don't know, I think my staff is very surprised by it, you and I have been friends for a long time. We've been good friends. And what they don't know about you is that you are considered a truly great warrior, and you've been through the wars, you're a great warrior.

Donald Trump: A, uh, very strong man, a brilliant man, a man of vision like few others, like few others. And highly respected. When they know you, there's tremendous respect, and you're so respected in the Middle East, that it's, uh, really, uh, amazing. You know, we've done the tour with two of your very good friends.

Donald Trump: You know that. And we were talking about you, and I won't tell you everything they said, but I can say it was all good. It was all good. Uh, total, uh, admiration and respect for what you've done and who you are. And, uh, they said, "When he gives you a handshake, when he makes a deal, that's the deal." And your wonderful brother came to, uh, Washington a few weeks ago, and he told us about your generous statement as to the 1.4 trillion.

Donald Trump: And all I could say is, "Thank you very much." uh, we will work very hard to deserve it. Uh, I have absolutely no doubt, uh, that the relationship will only get bigger and better. Your, your relationship and mine can't get better, so I can't say it's going to get better, because it's at the highest level it can be. But, uh, our countries will work together.

Donald Trump: We're, we've become a very hot country. We were not such a hot country six months ago, and now I think we're the hottest country. If you want to know the truth, we had, uh, one little indication a year ago. We were having a hard time getting people to join the military. Enlistment, they call it in our country.

Donald Trump: We were getting very bad vibes, very, uh, unhappy. It was an unhappy country. A lot of foolish things were happening, stupid things were happening. And we just got, Pete, we just got the numbers, we had the highest enlistment numbers just about that we've ever had. We think it probably the highest, but they say, have to be extremely opposite, be, you know, accurate when it comes to the news, because they check every word I say, if there's a little bit of an inaccuracy.

Donald Trump: But I will tell you, uh, we had just about the best numbers for enlistment we've ever had. Uh, every one of our services, I'm very proud of Space Force because I created Space Force, that was my baby. Hadn't been done 78 years, a force, a new force, and it's doing phenomenally well. We were not winning the Space War, and now we're leading it by, uh, tremendous margins over Russia and China primarily.

Donald Trump: And so we're very proud of it, but I'm very proud of, uh, maybe even more so the enlistment numbers. So we went from having a hard time getting people to join our armed forces and our police, by the way, to having the best numbers that we've ever had, wanting to join. They're proud of our country again. That's a big thing, and to happen so fast, over about a six or seven month period.

Donald Trump: That's a big honor. And likewise, the police, very hard to get police, and now, uh, the ranks are bursting and with pride. So that's something that we're very happy about. We've had investments in our country over the last, uh, three months, but really two months because it took me a couple of weeks to get started.

Donald Trump: You know, I had to get a little acclimated again, because we had a very successful first term, as you know. We had one of the most successful economies in his- in the history of our country. For, first term was amazing. We did a lot of things, we rebuilt our military, we did a lot of great things. And, uh, I think this is even going to be better.

Donald Trump: But we have now, uh, I think, substantially over $10 trillion of investment. And, and now when they add the 1.4 trillion, uh, we easily break that number, so that's investment or- or investment that we think will soon happen. Uh, and it doesn't include people that are building, because not everybody comes and tells us that they're building.

Donald Trump: And, you know, it's a big country, but, uh, we're having numbers that we've never done before. And that means, uh, AI plants, that means that, uh, as an example, a really good example is Apple. Apple is now spending much more than $500 billion on plants. They didn't do that before. They, as you know, they built their plants in another location.

Donald Trump: We have the biggest computer company, uh, $500 billion, we have, uh, Mr. Wei of Taiwan is spending $200 billion. And Jensen is, who's great, Jensen Wong is spending $500 billion. We have numbers that nobody's ever seen before. That all means jobs, because to me, the most important jobs, I want jobs. And, uh, we have, uh, costs are way down, groceries are way, they have a term grocery, it's an old term, but it means basically what you're buying, food, it's a pretty accurate term, but it's an old-fashioned sound, but groceries are down, costs are down, eggs are down, they were, the first week they were hitting me with eggs were up 200%, and now they're down to a number that is amazing.

Donald Trump: We're down 97, 98% from where they were. And, uh, everybody, they said you won't have eggs for Easter. Well, we had egg, everybody had eggs for Easter at a very reasonable price. At the White House, we had our little Easter egg roll and we had hundreds of thousands of eggs purchased. They said, "You have to go out and buy plastic eggs." That didn't work out.

Donald Trump: So, we- we've done a real job and our energy costs are way down. The energy's way down, gasoline is down, and we have almost no inflation. So, we've got the, uh, economy back. We, we've, uh, got a border now that's very powerful. 99.9% and nobody would have believed that was possible. It was a real mess.

Donald Trump: And we had, frankly, an incompetent previous administration. I know you weren't thrilled with them. They abandoned people. And it wasn't that they abandoned, they didn't bother to call people back. They treated people with great disrespect, but part of it was a level of stupidity that we've never seen before.

Donald Trump: And I'm glad we arrived and I know you, people also woo you. You know, you're an amazing country, you're a rich country, you can have your choice, but I know you'll never leave my side. I really feel, I know that. And you know the special relationship that we have and our country has. So, our country's back with you and our country's back in a lot of ways.

Donald Trump: We have a country with tremendous spirit right now. Tremendous. I haven't seen anything like it. I would say this, uh, we're far ahead of schedule. If you would have told me these numbers in a year, a year and a half from now, I would have been very happy with them, but think that substantially more than $10 trillion, uh, you'll have, uh, numbers of other presidents where they won't do $1 trillion and many, many in a long time. $1 trillion.

Donald Trump: We did it in two months, because again, you figure three, but let me have one month of fixing up the Oval Office. In other words, getting things ready. And I look forward to having you in the White House. We'll celebrate together, but we are going to be your friend, and we're gonna be your partner, and we really appreciate your confidence and investment.

Donald Trump: That's your biggest investment that you've ever made and, uh, we really appreciate it. And we're gonna treat you very, uh, as you should be, uh, magnificently. And you're a magnificent man, and it's an honor to be with you.

Mohammed bin Zayed Al Nahyan: My honor, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.

Mohammed bin Zayed Al Nahyan: Thank you, sir.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Mohammed bin Zayed Al Nahyan: [In Arabic] Thanks, guys.