Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-cabinet-meeting-april-10-2025

Donald Trump: You feel comfortable with all those cameras, right? [Laughs] There's a little more room over here if you want.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. We had a very good meeting. We're talking about a lot of different things. Consumer prices have actually dropped. There's very little inflation. Everybody predicted a lot of inflation, very little inflation. Energy costs are down, interest rates are probably down. They scatter, but they're probably down.

Donald Trump: Prescription drug prices are even to down. We're doing very well. It's been amazing. We had a big day yesterday. There will always be transition difficulty, but we had a -- in history, it was the biggest day in history, the markets. So, we're very, very happy with the way the country is running. We're trying to get the world to treat us fairly.

Donald Trump: This is something that should have been done 25 years ago and it wasn't. It should have been done 40 years ago, and it wasn't. But no president was willing to take it on. But you had to -- it's not sustainable, it wasn't sustainable. And as you know, without a lot of money being added, there's a lot of money that we could add, the country is making approximately $2 billion a day.

Donald Trump: And when you think of it, that's -- we've never done that before, never come close to it. And the number is probably $3.5 billion a day. And that makes us a very strong country. But we have Scott here and Howard and some of the people that are working on deals. And the biggest problem they have is they don't have enough time in the day, everybody wants to come and make a deal.

Donald Trump: And we're working with a lot of different countries and it's all going to work out very well. I think it's going to work out really very well, but we're in good shape. There's no inflation. There's very little inflation. And I went four years without inflation, and I tariffed -- I took in hundreds of billions of dollars from China and others, taxes in China.

Donald Trump: But we took in hundreds of billions of dollars a year from China and we had no inflation essentially. So, we think we're in very good shape. We think we're doing very well. Again, there'll be a transition cost and transition problems, but in the end, it's going to be a beautiful thing. We're doing again what we should have done many years ago, we let it get out of control, and we allowed some countries to get very big and very rich at our expense.

Donald Trump: And it's not going to -- can't let that happen. It's not a sustainable formula. So, I wanted to just thank everybody at the table. And maybe I'll go around and ask some of you a little short couple of answers. Pete just got back from Panama, and he's been all over the place and you want to give us a little report on that and whatever else you might have to say.

Donald Trump: Everyone at this table is doing an incredible job, by the way, I have to say, incredible. And the relationships are -- it's like they're friends, they're really -- the relationships are very strong, really good, really strong. And these meetings are very good. And I think having -- I don't believe there's any other president that allowed the press to come into a meeting such as this.

Donald Trump: These are very sacred meetings. These are very private meetings, but we have nothing to hide, and I think it's good. I think it's a good -- we want to be -- a word you like to use, Jeff, is transparent. So, we want to be transparent, and we'll do that by starting with Pete. Go ahead, Pete.

Pete Hegseth: Yes, Mr. President, we just got back from Panama last night. We were at the Panama Canal with our SOUTHCOM commander ships, F-18s, troops and signed a couple of historic deals, one which is with the Panama Canal Authority, a framework for US vessels first and free through the Panama Canal. And then also a memorandum of understanding with their security minister for the presence of US troops.

Pete Hegseth: Fort Sherman is an old US base there, as well as their naval station and air station jointly with Panama to secure the Panama Canal from Chinese influence. That's something you said, we're taking back the canal. China has had too much influence, Obama and others let them creep in. We, along with Panama, are pushing them out, sir.

Pete Hegseth: And so, we had a very successful trip. Their president, President Mulino, sends his regards, very complimentary of the US. He's a great ally and I think he -- they want the communist Chinese out and with our troops there partnering with their forces, we've got a chance to push them all the way out, sir.

Donald Trump: We've moved a lot of troops to Panama and filled up some areas that we used to have, and we didn't have any longer, but we have them now and I think it's in very good control.

Pete Hegseth: Yes, sir.

Donald Trump: OK. Thank you, Pete. Very good. Howard.

Howard Lutnick: So, we have so many countries to talk to. It's incredible. I think Scott and I -- I'm not sure we could ever have enough time in the day to talk to all these countries because they want to talk and they want to talk now and they come with offers that they never ever would have come with, but for the moves that the president has made demanding that people treat the United States with respect.

Howard Lutnick: We're getting the respect we deserve now and I think you're going to see historic deals one after the other.

Howard Lutnick: And then I'm very excited that with a week and a half we're going to start with the Gold Card and the Trump Card. It's coming out. And we're very excited about that, and that's coming soon. So very excited.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. Good job. Linda?

Linda McMahon: Well, a couple of fronts, um, we have been addressing the issue of antisemitism on campuses. There's been some grant funding and contract funding that we've reviewed, and some canceled and some we've put on hold, waiting for that while we do an investigation. On the other side of what my responsibilities are and having education go back to the states, we're meeting and talking with governors.

Linda McMahon: I was with, this week, all 50 commissioners of Education around the country. And because we also want to provide them with tools and best practices as education does move back to the states. We're making great progress, great response from the states. And very positive.

Donald Trump: And what about colleges? You're holding back $400 million from Columbia?

Linda McMahon: From Columbia.

Donald Trump: $8 billion from Harvard. Can you imagine the money we pay Harvard. They have a $60 billion fund and we're giving them $8 billion. And we're trying to figure that out. And then they hire de Blasio, the worst mayor in the history of New York. And they hired the woman from Chicago who was a disaster, a total disaster.

Donald Trump: And they pay them massive salaries. And they're supposed to be teaching you government. That's not Harvard. That's not Harvard the way it used to be, so. Do you have anything to say about that? The -- the dollars you're holding back from quite a few universities that were not behaving.

Linda McMahon: Yeah, we -- and -- and -- yeah, and the other, the Princeton, Cornell, others that are coming in. And actually getting calls now from the presidents of the universities who really do want to come in and sit down and have discussions. And so, we're investigating them. But in the meantime, we're -- we're holding -- holding back the grant and fund money.

Donald Trump: Thank you. Great job. Thank you.

Russell Vought: Very thankful for the House voting for the President's budget resolution along with the Senate bill. We've made a ton of progress this week in working with members to ensure that a desire for flexibility in the Senate was not misconstrued as a desire not to slow and do spending reforms. And so we're very thankful for that.

Russell Vought: And now we can get after writing that bill, getting the president as big a package of his agenda to his desk. So a very good week ahead.

Donald Trump: Good. That's right, we just got the House vote. And now we're well on our way to getting, as we call it, the big -- the great, big, beautiful bill. It's a beauty. There's never been a bill like this one. We're trying to get it all into one beautiful bill. It's tax cuts, regulation cuts and many other things, the border, a lot of money for the border.

Donald Trump: And well, you're doing a fantastic job, so. Uh, but we just got a report that we, as you know, you knew before us. Were you surprised we got the vote? We got the vote. And we're happy to get the vote. So uh, I think we're going to be in very good shape. OK. OK, please.

Michael Waltz: Mr. President, last year, uh, the Chinese received 1,700 orders for new ships. American shipyards received five. Under your leadership, like so many other industries, we are going to revitalize and make shipbuilding and maritime great again. These blue collar jobs, these are the cranes, the ports opportunity zones and drive that investment back in. And we have.

Michael Waltz: Uh, under that executive order and also one to streamline foreign military sales, uh, for people that want to buy our equipment. And of course, acquisition reform. All just this week under your leadership, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: So we're going to be rebuilding our ship building business. We may order, would have to go to Congress for this, but we may buy some ships from other countries that, uh, we're close to and that do great jobs with ships. But we're going to start the process of rebuilding. We don't really essentially build ships anymore, which is ridiculous.

Donald Trump: Uh, it's going to be a very big business for us in the not too distant future. But in the meantime, uh, we have -- we have countries that do very well at building ships. And we'll be dealing with those countries. And we may be ordering, uh, top of the line ships from those countries. Uh, and within a fairly short period of time, we'll be building our own ships, so. We'll probably have to go to Congress for that.

Donald Trump: But uh, we'll have no -- we're not going to have a problem. Susie, thank you very much for the job you've done. Go ahead, please.

Susie Wiles: I just want to make sure you know that this cabinet, I think, pretty uniquely collaborates and cooperates and works together, um, to accomplish all that you've -- you've asked them to do. And I think they -- they deserve a lot of credit for that.

Donald Trump: That's true. You're doing a great job. The chief, chief of staff, doing a great job. Lee, go ahead. sMr. President, the Biden EPA was strangulating the economy. The Trump EPA understands it's not a binary choice. We can protect the environment and grow the economy. Working with DOGE and -- and Elon Musk, we've now canceled $22 billion worth of grants, and we have launched what is the largest deregulatory action in the history of the country.

Donald Trump: Just in one agency. That's how much of a mess the Biden EPA left us. It is going to end up reducing the cost of living. It's going to create jobs. It's going to make it easier to purchase a car. It will be easier to heat your home. We're proud of this effort. The -- the effort that we have is fulfilling the mandate that you earn from the American public.

Donald Trump: Clean air, land and water for all Americans, unleashing energy dominance, permitting reform, advancing cooperative federalism, making America the AI capital of the world and bringing back American auto jobs. Uh, when you called me that day asking for me to take this position, I was honored. Uh, and you were very specific and clear in what you wanted us to accomplish.

Donald Trump: Uh, we understand our mission. And uh, at the Trump EPA, we're going to make you proud.

Donald Trump: Great job. You're doing a great job. And you have a lot of applications for approvals for power plants, which are going to really power the -- the regular plants. And they're going to be right next to each other. Because we can't rely on our grid. It's old and it's tired. And it's, you know, very, very, uh, subject to being attacked whether by rain or by bombs or by anything else.

Donald Trump: And we're letting people build their own power plants. And these are -- a lot of them are being built with the AI and beyond the AI chips. And we're letting them build their own power. And that's never been done before. And we're going to get it done quickly and approved quickly. As part of a plant, they'll have a -- sort of be their own power company.

Donald Trump: And it's very exciting. They couldn't believe it when I told them that. I said we're going to get you the approvals very fast. As part of your regular plan, you're going to build electric producing plants. And it's very exciting. And they're able to do it very quickly and very well. And you made it possible.

Donald Trump: Thank you. You have a lot of applications for some of the biggest plants that have ever been built in the world. These are serious, these are serious plants, aren't they, huh? [Laughter]

Unidentified: Approved. Approved. Approved. [Laughter] [Inaudible] we're open for business, working with Secretary Burgum, Secretary Wright. Uh, we are going to make you proud.

Donald Trump: Good. Go ahead, Sean?

Sean Duffy: First off, Mr. President, it's Brooke's birthday today, so --

Unidentified: Yay! [Laughter]

Sean Duffy: Um, she keeps getting younger, so happy birthday to Brooke.

Brooke Rollins: Thank you. Thank you.

Sean Duffy: Um, I want to thank you as well for the -- the shipbuilding at EO. Again, to build ships, you also need mariners to sail those ships. I was just up at Kings Point, uh, for the Merchant Marine Academy, uh, a couple -- a couple days ago. And we have some of the greatest young men and women who are learning how to uh be mechanical engineers to -- to -- to rebuild and fix the engines on those ships, but also how to sail ships.

Donald Trump: Um-hum.

Sean Duffy: I would tell you that over the past decades this academy has become -- it needs some love. It's been a little bit dilapidated. We have to invest in sailors. And I appreciate you taking the initiative. To be a global power, we have to build ships and have sailors to sail those ships. These are the very people that helped Pete, should be coming to Points of Crisis to support the military.

Sean Duffy: So thank you for that.

Donald Trump: Right.

Sean Duffy: Uh, number two, uh, the last administration announced 3,200 projects. Big, beautiful roads and bridges, most of them are good. Um, but they announced that they didn't sign a grant agreement. 3,200. So the money doesn't go out the door to -- to build the infrastructure in the country. And it's fun to do an announcement.

Sean Duffy: It's actually the harder work to -- to put together these grant agreements. So we're doing the work right now at DOT to get these grant agreements done and build the projects. Most of them are good. And they also put in all of this green and social justice requirements on roads and bridges. We're pulling --

Donald Trump: Take it out.

Sean Duffy: We're pulling all that out and putting the money toward the infrastructure, not the -- the social movement from the last administration.

Donald Trump: Good steel, right, as opposed to green paper mache. [Laughter] OK. Thanks. Great job.

Unidentified: [Inaudible]

Brooke Rollins: Sir, first, we are, I would say, more than friends, we've all become family. And I think that what you have assembled in your vision is a turning point and an inflection point in American history. And so just being a part of that is the greatest honor. So thank you for that. And -- and again just the -- the relationships here and the honor and respect we have for each other is a reflection of you and your leadership.

Brooke Rollins: So I just want to say that first. The second thing I want to say is that on behalf of the farmers and ranchers, food security is national security. We have to be able to feed ourselves. And your idea of using tariffs along with deregulation and tax cuts.

Brooke Rollins: But your idea of using tariffs to ensure that we are putting forward and putting America first. No one understands that better than our farmers and ranchers. But having said that, emerging from four years of Biden with a 30 percent increase in inputs for our farmers and ranchers with an almost $50 billion trade deficit.

Brooke Rollins: When we left the first time, it was zero, meaning that they are hurting. So, the period of uncertainty we're in, they know that your vision will move us into an age of prosperity for all Americans, but for my people, for the farmers and ranchers unlike any they have seen before. And I think they are really, really excited and so grateful for your leadership.

Brooke Rollins: But also, you have never failed to say that you have the backs of our farmers and ranchers. It was the first phone call that I had after I was -- after I was voted with the Senate. And that message just resonates with an almost 85 percent support of you in the last election. They're with you. Interestingly, the biggest budget driver at the United States Department of Agriculture is not farming and ranching or agriculture, it's food stamps.

Brooke Rollins: And so, as we emerge and embark, Secretary Kennedy and I, on your vision of making America healthy again, a massive part of that is realigning and reworking our food stamp program so that it better serves those who need it.

Donald Trump: So, you'll do that.

Brooke Rollins: Yeah, to the point of getting the transgender, DEI, Green New Deal out of the USDA and realigning is really important. So, thank you.

Donald Trump: It's out of the military, right?

Pete Hegseth: Yes, sir.

Donald Trump: Is it 100 percent out would you say?

Pete Hegseth: 99.9, sir? I'm going to get that last 0.1 [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: Get the rest of it out.

Brooke Rollins: But thank you, sir.

Donald Trump: We've got a much different military; I will tell you. Thanks very much. Good job. And eggs are down big, right? Big.

Brooke Rollins: Eggs are down, yes, sir. Wholesale prices, retail will come. Easter is the Super Bowl for eggs. So, there may be a little fluctuation, but no, we feel really good about it. Thank you.

Donald Trump: That's what I hear. Thank you. Scott?

Scott Bessent: Good, I would echo what Howard said on the trades deal, that we've got over 75 countries that want to come in. So, it'll be Treasury, Commerce, Jamison at USTR. And we're putting a process in place. And as you said, you're going to be part of the negotiations too, because I've had these countries call me up -- Secretary Bessent, we're happy you're going to be negotiating.

Scott Bessent: Well, President Trump's going to be involved too, [Laughter], so bring your best deal. On the budget, it's moving quickly in the House and the Senate, thanks to your leadership. We're also going to have a debt ceiling in there. So, we're going to get an increase in the debt ceiling, so -- and that will be the done and dusted for --

Donald Trump: Part of the bill that we just got to vote on today.

Scott Bessent: So, part of the bill, it will be done and dusted for two years, we won't have to worry about that. And then the -- I gave a speech yesterday to 1,400 Small and community bankers and they were so happy to hear from your administration. And I told them Wall Street's done great for the past four years, 10 years, 20 years, it can continue doing great.

Scott Bessent: But it's Main Street's turn now and it's those small bankers, through deregulation, through emphasis on Main Street, your Main Street agenda bringing back jobs that is going to power the smaller communities. And then finally, the bond auction went very well yesterday. We had a lot of foreigners show up as the support showing that the US is still the best place to invest.

Scott Bessent: The inflation report, as you said, was quite good and energy prices are down more than 20 percent since January 20th.

Brooke Rollins: Amazing.

Donald Trump: Great, very good. Good numbers.

Scott Bessent: Great numbers.

Donald Trump: Thank you. Pam?

Pam Bondi: President, we've had some great wins in the last few days that -- you know, you were overwhelmingly elected by the biggest majority. The US -- Americans want you to be president because of your agenda. And the courts are ruling that you have the authority to determine how the money of this country will be spent.

Pam Bondi: That's what the American citizens wanted and that's what they're getting. An example of that Friday was the Department of Education, that you can determine how the money will be spent, no more DEI. And that impacts every agency across the board. On the civil side again, NLRB, we had a big win in the Supreme Court there.

Pam Bondi: OPM, a big win there. But also 16,000 workers there, but also on the criminal side, the Alien Enemies Act, we are winning there. And your directive to me was to keep America safe and that's what we're doing, whether it's the alien enemies, all of these gangs -- and they are enemies of our country. They are terrorists, they are organized crime, they have come here, they are extremely organized.

Pam Bondi: They are spread throughout our country, and they are creating terror. And no more under your directive and that has stopped. Yesterday in South Florida, we charged 11 defendants with $0.5 billion of pure cocaine coming into our country to kill our kids. They were caught; they will be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law.

Pam Bondi: These gang members are going back to where they came or they're going to an El Salvador prison at your directive. And you also gave us a directive to prosecute the people who are going after Tesla to the fullest extent of the law, some of the greatest police work I've seen. We've made four arrests. There will be no negotiations at your directive.

Pam Bondi: They're all looking at 20 years in prison. And within the next 24 hours, you're going to be seeing another huge arrest on a Tesla dealership, president. And that person will be looking at at least 20 years in prison with no negotiations.

Donald Trump: That's great. That's great. That will stop it cold.

Unidentified: Domestic terrorism?

Donald Trump: Thanks -- doing a great job, too. Thank you very much. Lori, please.

Lori Chavez-Deremer: Mr. President, accountability matters, that's what we're recognizing. With our partners at the Department of Labor, for government efficiency, just a few weeks ago, we realized there's about $4.4 billion in COVID funds that were not used that the state coffers were just holding on to. Out of that, we've returned $1.4 billion back to the state treasury.

Lori Chavez-Deremer: So, essentially to the American people. And we'll go back and claw the rest of those billions of dollars back. And on the heels of that, last night, late last night, we're understanding unemployment insurance fraud. That trust needs to be whole for the American people. When we need it, we need it for who deserves it. That's not what we're seeing.

Lori Chavez-Deremer: And the numbers we saw last night, again exposed by our partners and at DOGE at the Department of Labor. Since 2020, over $400 million of payments have gone out already. And when you hear these numbers, apparently in the United States, we have over -- almost 25,000 people who are over 115 years old, who are collecting $59 million that we have sent out to people.

Lori Chavez-Deremer: Talk about fraudulent behavior. Mr. President, 28,000 people between 1 and 5 years old have collected fraudulent payments at the tune of $254 million has gone out. And lastly, 10,000 people who have not been born yet, 15 years into the future.

Unidentified: That's my favorite [Laughter].

Lori Chavez-Deremer: $69 million and they haven't even been born yet. In one case, they will be born 129 years from now. The United States government sent them $41,000 and they're not born yet. So, under the Department of Labor, those are the things that we're uncovering. I couldn't be more honored to tell the American people that we're bringing back their dollars and we're saving them and returning them to the United States Treasury.

Lori Chavez-Deremer: Also, jobs numbers -- last Friday, 228,000 new jobs were reported. That is good for the American people. That is my primary job is to grow that workforce under your leadership. So, we've kicked off the America at Work Tour and we'll be visiting all 50 states. And I'll be working with my colleagues here to do just that.

Lori Chavez-Deremer: So, thank you, Mr. President. We're going to grow this economy. We're going to keep our focus on the American worker.

Donald Trump: So, you're finding tremendous fraud, and those numbers are really bad when you --

Lori Chavez-Deremer: Unheard of.

Donald Trump: Over 115 years old. And I think you had mentioned the oldest person in our country is 114 years old. That's pretty good.

Lori Chavez-Deremer: A woman living in Pennsylvania, but apparently there's 24,000 more of them that are 115 or older that's we're paying benefits to.

Donald Trump: I hope you hear that. So, we have 24,000 older than the oldest person.

Unidentified: Definitely dead constituents [Laughter].

Donald Trump: And what are we doing about that? How do we get that money back?

Lori Chavez-Deremer: So, we're working with our IGs to do that further investigation. The House and Senate, we had a five-year statute of limitations. We've got an extension on that, another five years. And so, the goal, in my opinion, we should never have a statute of limitations to return the American dollars back to the Treasury when there's fraud.

Lori Chavez-Deremer: But at this point, we will continue to work hard and double down and return those dollars to the Treasury.

Donald Trump: Great. Thank you. Great job. Kristi?

Kristi Noem: Well, Mr. President, thank you for your leadership at the border. For the second month in a row, you have broken the record in the history of the nation for the lowest number of encounters at the border, which is absolutely remarkable. You have said that America's laws matter and that they'll be enforced.

Kristi Noem: And we're hard at work now to get people to go back home that are here illegally. So, the Alien Registration Act has been in place long enough now that those individuals that are here illegally, if they haven't registered, then they can be charged criminally and they can face fines up to $1,000 a day, and face deportation if they don't go home.

Kristi Noem: And they'll never ever get the chance to come back to America. So we're encouraging people to use the CBP home app to register. And we're working on the resources and funding to buy him a plane ticket to send them home. I went to El Salvador, Colombia and Mexico. And those countries and others are thinking about setting up programs to support these individuals when they get back to their country.

Kristi Noem: So when they get there, they'll have housing and food assistance. And so making sure that these folks have the opportunity to go home so that they can get the chance to come back to America is important. And --

Donald Trump: Sure, it's a very big self-deport operation that we're starting.

Kristi Noem: It is. Thousands of people have already self-deported.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Kristi Noem: We're just going to -- I mean, when you had 20, 21 million people that need to go home because they're here breaking our laws, then we need to facilitate that. And I've been working with the governors a lot lately on several different issues. One of them has been on FEMA for recommendations on how to do exactly what you've directed us to do. And then also, I sent a letter and communicated with them that they need to be setting up a skiff.

Kristi Noem: Some of our governors don't have secure facilities to have national security issues. I think one of the jobs Homeland Security has is -- is to give communication down to states to local cities and communities. And so recommending they get a skiff, they have secure comms with them at all times or nearby, so that they can have national security conversations.

Kristi Noem: And then to have somebody in their office designated, that is their communications person. A lot of them have emergency management officers, but they don't necessarily have somebody designated when it comes to a national security issue that we may need to communicate with them on. And I think American people need to know that real ID will be required to travel on May 7th, so, um, those governors have been notified to communicate that at home.

Kristi Noem: We don't want anybody to get delayed and not be able to travel when they get to an airport. And this will also help us bring integrity back to all of our IDs and how they're used, how they're used for issuing driver's licenses. And governors know how I feel about making sure their driver's licensing system has integrity.

Kristi Noem: Because a lot of people use their driver's license to vote. And the backbone of our country and the foundation is election integrity, so.

Donald Trump: Good.

Kristi Noem: Um, we're giving all those directions, uh, to our governors and communicating that so they can lead on it as well.

Donald Trump: And we're going to work with people so that if they go out in a nice way and go back to their country, we're going to work with them right from the beginning on trying to get them back in legally. Is that right?

Kristi Noem: That's right. They'll have a chance to come back.

Donald Trump: So it gives you a real incentive. Otherwise, they'd never come back. They'll never be allowed once a certain period of time goes by, which is probably going to be 60 days. We're also going to work with farmers that if they have strong recommendations for their farms for certain people, we're going to let them stay in for a while and work with the farmers and then come back and go through a process of -- legal process.

Kristi Noem: Yes.

Donald Trump: But we have to take care of our farmers. And hotels. And you know, various, various places where they're used, where they need the people. And we're going to be working with you very carefully on that.

Kristi Noem: Yes.

Donald Trump: So a farmer will come in with a letter concerning certain people saying they're great. They're working hard. We're going to slow it down a little bit for them. And then we're going to ultimately bring them back. They'll go out, they're going to come back as legal workers.

Kristi Noem: Yes.

Donald Trump: Okay?

Unidentified: Yes, sir. Thank you.

Donald Trump: Which I think it will be a -- I think it's very important to do.

Unidentified: Absolutely.

Donald Trump: Okay. Thank you very much. Great job. Jamieson, I watched you testify for the last couple of days.

Unidentified: Yeah, he did great.

Donald Trump: You're on every night at 3:00 in the morning. [Laughter]

Unidentified: You did great.

Donald Trump: And you did great. You were fantastic. Thank you very much.

Jamieson Greer: It's just what I like to do for fun, sir. [Laughter] You've been keeping us very busy. Last week, you started a reordering of international trade, something that hasn't happened for 80 years, something that should have happened decades ago. And you know that. You've known that for a long time, that's why you have us all working on this.

Jamieson Greer: You came into an emergency situation where President Biden left us with a $1.2 trillion trade deficit. That's the largest of any country in human history, the largest. So you declared an emergency. You took action.

Donald Trump: And you said the largest in history, right?

Jamieson Greer: In history, on the planet.

Donald Trump: There's never -- there's never been anything like what he left us. He left us a mess. His whole administration was a mess. So go ahead.

Jamieson Greer: So -- so you declared an emergency. You imposed a trade action. So now you have a tariff on the world. It promotes US manufacturing. It protects US workers. And you've also given room for negotiation during this time so we can open export markets for our farmers and other producers and American workers. And this is why the unions vote for you.

Jamieson Greer: This is why the workers vote for you. This is why the families want you to be the president. Because you're standing up for American workers and American communities. We've had countries come, in over the past couple of weeks, that represent more than half of global domestic -- GDP, more than half. That's who's coming in to talk to you and to your -- your advisers about how to -- how to have reciprocal trade, how to have fair trade.

Jamieson Greer: It wouldn't have happened without you.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. Great job. Hello, Elon. [Laughter]

Elon Musk: Hello. Uh, well thanks to your fantastic leadership, this amazing cabinet and the very talented DOGE team, I'm excited to announce that, uh, we anticipate savings in FY '26 from reduction of waste and fraud by $150 billion.

Donald Trump: That's a lot.

Elon Musk: And uh, I mean, and some of it is just absurd. Like, people getting unemployment insurance who haven't been born yet. I mean, I think anyone can appreciate whether -- I mean come on. That's just crazy. [Laughter] Um, so uh, you know, some of these things, people ask me like, well, how are you going to find waste and fraud in the -- in the government?

Elon Musk: I'm like, well, actually just go in any direction, that's how you find it. Um, it's just -- it's very common. [Laughter] It's, as the military would say, a target rich environment. [Laughter]

Unidentified: [Inaudible]

Elon Musk: So um, so I think we're doing a lot of good uh, an excellent collaboration with cabinet to achieve these savings. And it will actually result in better services for the American people. Um, and that we're going to be spending their tax dollars in a way that is sensible and fair and good.

Donald Trump: And your people are fantastic. In fact, hopefully they'll stay around for the long haul. We'd like to keep as many as we can. They're great. Smart, sharp, right?

Unidentified: Yes.

Donald Trump: Finding things that nobody would have thought of. Very computer savvy.

Unidentified: Yes. 100 percent.

Elon Musk: And we're working hard to get that the Trump gold card operational hopefully in the next week or so.

Donald Trump: That'll be good.

Unidentified: Incredible.

Donald Trump: That'll be very exciting.

Unidentified: It's really exciting.

Donald Trump: That's a pathway to citizenship into the United States. It's --

Unidentified: Yeah.

Elon Musk: It's a big deal.

Donald Trump: Yeah, it's a big deal. Thank you very much. Great job you're doing.

Tulsi Gabbard: Thank you, sir. Thanks to your leadership and setting the mandate of transparency and accountability across the US government. Um, I'm bringing that transparency and accountability to the intelligence community. First and foremost, to make sure that you and your cabinet have that real time relevant apolitical objective intelligence to best inform.

Tulsi Gabbard: Whether it's negotiations for peace, negotiations around tariffs, the great work that you are leading around the cabinet today. Secondly, working with Department of Homeland Security and the FBI to increase our information sharing to achieve your goal of countering the narcotic trafficking and the our ability to go after cartels now designated as foreign terrorists.

Tulsi Gabbard: I met with the National Sheriffs Association this week. Being able to work to make sure that the information that they are getting on the ground that local law enforcement is getting on the ground is being fed back up through to our National Counterterrorism Center. And that we have all of the federal agencies, state and local law enforcement all on the same page as we are working to make our country safe again.

Tulsi Gabbard: And lastly, sir, as you know, declassification and rooting out weaponization politicization of the intelligence community is a huge priority. You know more than anyone else, the very dangerous and negative consequences of that. I've got a long list of things that we're investigating. We have the best of the best going after this.

Tulsi Gabbard: Election integrity being one of them. Uh, we have, uh, evidence of -- of how these electronic voting systems have been vulnerable to hackers for a very long time, uh, and vulnerable to exploitation to manipulate the results of the votes being cast, which further drives forward your mandate to bring about paper ballots across the country so that voters can have faith in the integrity of our elections.

Tulsi Gabbard: Uh and lastly, we've been scanning. I've had over 100 people working around the clock to scan the uh paper around RFK, uh, Senator Robert F Kennedy's assassination, as well as Martin Luther King Jr. assassination. These have been sitting in boxes in storage for decades. They have never been scanned or seen before.

Tulsi Gabbard: We'll have those ready to release here within the next few days.

Donald Trump: That's great. Bobby, how do you feel about that? That's -- that's --

Robert Kennedy Jr.: I'm very gratifying to you.

Donald Trump: That's hitting close to home, isn't it?

Unidentified: Yeah, no kidding.

Donald Trump: When you think -- I'm thinking about Bobby when he -- when that statement is made.

Unidentified: Yeah, no.

Robert Kennedy Jr.: I'm very grateful to you, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Good. And you'll let Bobby see some of this? Because you know, it's very personal stuff.

Tulsi Gabbard: Yeah --

Donald Trump: But it's time.

Tulsi Gabbard: I -- I've asked him, I've asked him and his response is put it out. The world needs to know the truth.

Donald Trump: And his uncle that's been out and anything that hasn't been out will -- they can go to your offices and see, right?

Tulsi Gabbard: Everything that we have within our possession it's either online or it's physically at the National Archives and Records Agency. We also have hunters going out, Mr. President, and looking in the storage lockers at FBI and CIA.

Tulsi Gabbard: And other agencies specifically to find if there are -- if there is anything else that has not been reported, we're actively going out and trying to search out the truth.

Donald Trump: Okay, yeah, we want to get it all out, 100 percent. Good. Thank you very much. Good job, guys.

Kelly Loeffler: Mr. President, on behalf of America's manufacturers, I want to thank you for standing up to the Chinese Communist Party and fighting for our main streets, for our workers, and for those that make things in America. I'm out on a made in America manufacturing tour and, as I go across the country, people are grateful to have a president who's not just fighting on the tariff fronts, but to get inflation down, to create jobs.

Kelly Loeffler: After Biden destroyed 110,000 manufacturing jobs in just his last year, you've already brought back thousands and thousands of manufacturing jobs. So, the American worker is grateful. Main Street is grateful for you and, at the agency level, we're making sure that manufacturers have access to the capital they need.

Kelly Loeffler: But we can't do that if we're not fighting fraud. So, we've modified our loan applications to have citizenship verification, to make sure we have birth dates, commonsense principles around lending that the Biden administration had waived. They waived $450 million of fees in one year. We're restoring that for the American taxpayer.

Kelly Loeffler: And the American taxpayer, as Tax Day approaches, April 15th, they need to know that this cabinet, this administration -- and thank you, Elon Musk and DOGE for fighting for the American taxpayer to make sure that their hard-earned dollars are well spent, that they have a return on investment for this country and that we're fighting for them just as you are every single day.

Kelly Loeffler: So, thank you, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.

Robert Kennedy Jr.: Mr. President, we're doing -- we are working at HHS to advance your agenda to make America healthy again. I'm working with Lee Zeldin on to reassess the fluoride rules based upon the August release by the National Toxicity Program of New Science that shows a direct inverse correlation between exposure to fluoride and IQ loss, particularly in children.

Robert Kennedy Jr.: Lee and I were in Utah this week, Utah -- to announce that Utah became the first state in the country to ban supplemental fluoride. I'm working with Brooke and governors now in 24 states who are advancing MAHA legislation to get soda pops off of the food stamp program. Off the SNAP program, we've launched Operation Stork Speed to get the bad chemicals out of baby formula.

Robert Kennedy Jr.: We're working with governors across the country to get good food into the school lunch programs and to get rid of food -- chemical dyes and other bad chemicals that are in our food. We've shown now that this directly affects academic performance, violence in the schools and mental health as well as physical health.

Robert Kennedy Jr.: We are working with governors across the country to get cell-to-cell or bell-to-bell legislation to restrict the use of cell phones in schools, which again dramatically impacts academic performance. Today we announced a dramatic reduction in animal testing at NIH and FDA. We're going to switch over to AI, which we've now found is much more precise in identifying the impacts of toxics in various products.

Robert Kennedy Jr.: We're working with Elon who has done an incredible job to eliminate the redundancies and to streamline operations at all the health agencies and to recalibrate our trajectory to your agenda of making America healthy again. And finally, on the -- CDC has done an amazing job at getting the measles outbreak under control.

Robert Kennedy Jr.: We have about 680 cases now in 22 states compared to the same outbreak in Europe, which is 127,000 cases and 37 deaths. Our numbers in this country have now plateaued and I want to thank CDC for that. And we're trying to refocus the press. We've had three measles deaths in this country over 20 years. And we're trying to refocus the press to get them to pay attention to the chronic disease epidemic, as you've asked us to. We have now 38 percent of American youth are pre-diabetic.

Robert Kennedy Jr.: This was unknown 30 years ago. Every child that becomes diabetic, there should be a headline about them. We have 100 million adults who are pre-diabetic or diabetic and we have -- as you -- we have now, the autism rates have gone from now most recent numbers we think are going to be about 1 in 31 from 1 in 20. So, they're going up again -- from 1 in 10,000 when I was a kid.

Robert Kennedy Jr.: And we are going -- at your direction, we are going to know by September, we've launched a massive testing and research effort that's going to involve hundreds of scientists from around the world. By September we will know what has caused the autism epidemic and we'll be able to eliminate those exposures.

Note: [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: -- are so big. Think of that, so it was 1 in 10,000 children had autism and now it's 1 in 31 -- not 31,000 -- 31. That's a horrible statistic, isn't it? And there's got to be something artificial out there that's doing this. So, you think you're going to have a pretty good idea, huh?

Robert Kennedy Jr.: We will know by September.

Donald Trump: There will be no bigger news conference than that. So, that's it. If you can come up with that answer where you stop taking something, you stop eating something or maybe it's a shot, but something's causing it. It can't be from 10,000 to -- can you imagine that, Marco? That's a big -- that's a big number.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. You're doing great. Thank you, Bobby. Please, Doug?

Doug Burgum: Well, Mr. President, one of your primary administration goals is to make sure that we unleash American energy. And of course, the strategy behind that is when we do that, it helps make it more affordable for all Americans. Energy isn't just an industry. It is the foundation of every other industry, whether it's food manufacturing, clothing, transportation.

Doug Burgum: And then also when we've got the ability to generate and not just be energy independent, but energy dominant, then we have the opportunity to sell energy to our friends and allies versus them buy it from our adversaries. And our adversaries were funding terrorism and conflicts against our allies by their oil and gas sales that were going through a Swiss cheese set of sanctions.

Doug Burgum: So, with your creation of the National Energy Dominance Council, over half the people at this table serve on that. Everyone has been engaged, whether it's interactions with negotiations with other countries, with putting sanctions in place that actually work, with cutting deregulation, working on biofuels, building infrastructure for transportation.

Doug Burgum: There's a whole range of things that that are being tackled, but the outcome of all that is that your -- the Biden administration was restricting supply, you're increasing supply. When you increase supply, then prices start to come down. And we have a huge opportunity to do this just in interior alone. There's 500 million acres of surface, 700 million acres of subsurface and 2.5 billion acres of offshore, and the Biden administration was trying to restrict this so that you couldn't get a timber lease, you couldn't cut a tree, you couldn't graze a cow.

Doug Burgum: You couldn't develop oil and gas minerals, and you couldn't develop the critical minerals we need for our technology, for our defense industries and to be able to help us win the AI arms race against China. So, we're opening up this and with your executive orders and your work, we've -- on Tuesday, an historic day, you ended the war on beautiful clean coal, which has been going on since Obama took office.

Doug Burgum: China gets 60 percent of their electricity from coal. They're opening up a -- they've opened up 94 gigawatts of coal in the last year as part of this AI arms race. 94 gigawatts, that's enough for 94 Denver's to be able to -- 1 gigawatt per metro area like that, it's unheard of. So, we have an opportunity under your leadership to come back.

Doug Burgum: The Gulf of America had its first offshore lease sale, which is scheduled for later this year, but that was -- the industry loved that because we're now -- the Gulf of America is now open for business again. And there's as much as 7 billion barrels of oil accessible now, they've increased the upside of what they think that is. On the coal front, the estimate is the financial value of the coal in America is $8 trillion.

Doug Burgum: That was an asset on the balance sheet that we've -- is now being put back on again. And of course, in Alaska, with your separate executive orders to unleash Alaska Energy, between ANWR, the North Slope, the Strategic Petroleum Reserve, Alaska, all of those, we've reversed Biden's decision. Those are all open for business again.

Doug Burgum: And all of this is leading to the investment coming to America.

Doug Burgum: The smart money is coming to the US, that's why we've got, you know trillions of dollars of investment that is showing up at the door because they know if they're going to do manufacturing here, there's going to be energy to power their plants. And so, again, thank you for your leadership and thank you for everything you're doing.

Donald Trump: Very good. Thank you. Marco?

Marco Rubio: Well, Mr. President, one of the most important things I believe you'll achieve in your presidency is, is is reordering the world in a proper way. For 31 years, more than 31 years now, multiple administrations have allowed the Chinese to de-industrialize this country to take away jobs and factories and the pillars of our national strength.

Marco Rubio: And what you're doing now, I think is a great service to our country, but ultimately, to the world. And I want to congratulate you and your team that's working on that. Because it has extraordinary geopolitical implications as you see from all these other countries that are now coming here and wanting to join something that actually makes -- it's just crazy to allow these.

Marco Rubio: I mean basically we lived in a world where country -- company -- Chinese companies can do whatever they want in America, but our companies cannot do anything over there unless they allow it. And even then, they steal our stuff and reverse engineer it. So just reordering all of that has dramatic implications on the -- on peace and security of the world.

Marco Rubio: So we thank you. An important meeting, thanks to you, is going to happen on Saturday. For the first time in a long time, there'll be direct talks between Ambassador Witkoff and a top level leader in Iran. We hope that will lead to peace. You've been very clear what Iran is never going to have as a nuclear weapon.

Marco Rubio: And I think that's what led to this meeting. And we'll wait for him to come back from it. And we're hopeful about that. I would also say that we are receiving, and I think the Department of Homeland Security can confirm this, historic cooperation from countries all over the world, number one, in taking back their citizens.

Marco Rubio: Every country in the world has to take back people that are illegally in another country. And we have countries that refuse to do it or were kind of ignore our calls. All of them are doing it. The ones that are not are paying a price. And we've also found cooperation in other countries that are willing to take some of these people, some very dangerous criminals.

Marco Rubio: I know the president of El Salvador will be here next week. He has really been a good friend to the United States in that regard. These are some of the worst people you'll ever encounter. And -- and Pam knows this, and Kristi knows this from the work they're doing. Um, you know, and -- and one last point I want to make, Mr. President.

Marco Rubio: And again, it's under your leadership, it's actually under your executive order. If you come to this country as a student, we expect you to go to class and study and get a degree. If you come here to like vandalize a library, take over a campus and do all kinds of crazy things, you know, we're going to get rid of these people.

Marco Rubio: And we're going to continue to do it. So when we identify lunatics like these, we take away their student visa. No one's entitled to a student visa. The press covers student visas like there's some sort of birthright. No, a student visa is like me inviting you into my home. If you come into my home and put all kinds of crap on my couch, I'm going to kick you out of my house. [Laughter] And -- and so, you know, that's what we're doing with our country.

Marco Rubio: Thanks to the president. And last but not least, a very important development this week. Both Pam and I are very excited. The finest higher education institution in the United States, University of Florida, is also now the national champions in basketball. [Laughter]

Unidentified: Easy.

Marco Rubio: And we hope you'll host them here soon, Mr. President. Go Gators.

Donald Trump: They're coming. [Laughter]

Unidentified: Good for the SEC.

Donald Trump: They're coming. [Laughter]

Unidentified: Congratulations.

Donald Trump: Well, thank you very much. You're really doing a great job. We appreciate it. Any questions?

Question: Mr. President, can you give us a reaction to today's stock market drop? And also give us a sense of the next steps with China?

Donald Trump: Well, I haven't seen it because I've been here for 2.5 hours, so I'll be -- I'll be seeing it. [Laughter] I think Scott went out. Scott, do you want to have a statement on that?

Scott Bessent: Sure, look, the up, two down, is not a bad ratio, or up ten, down five. And I think as we have talked about, as we go through the queue and settle with these countries who are going to bring us their best offers, you know, we will end up in a place of great certainty over the next 90 days on -- on tariffs.

Scott Bessent: We had very good inflation numbers today. Oil's down. We had a successful bond market, so I don't see anything unusual today.

Question: And next steps for China, sir?

Donald Trump: Well, we'll see what happens with China. We would love to be able to work a deal. They've really taken advantage of our country for a long period of time. They've ripped us off beyond anybody. Nobody -- how people stood for it, sitting in my position is not even believable. And we're talking about many presidents, not just a couple, but they did.

Donald Trump: And all we're doing is putting it back in shape. We're resetting the table. And I'm sure that we'll be able to get along very well. I have great respect for President Xi. He's been -- in a true sense, he's been a friend of mine for a long period of time. And I think that we'll end up working out something that's very good for both countries.

Donald Trump: I look forward to it.

Question: Mr. President, China retaliated today by reducing the number of American films that can be shown there. What's your reaction to them now targeting cultural exports from the United States?

Donald Trump: I think I've heard of worse things. [Laughter] Yes, please.

Question: Also on China, the Ukrainians say they have evidence that Chinese soldiers being found fighting for the Russians in Ukraine. Can the US verify this? And if so, what does the US plan on doing to China to counteract that?

Donald Trump: We'll look into it. But I think beyond that, we're really looking to get that war stopped. We're losing 2,500 and even more than that, young people a week. They're Russian and they're Ukrainian. They're not American, but they're -- they're people. And we're seeing if we can get it stopped. And I think we're making progress.

Donald Trump: I appreciate the ballerina who was released. It was at the request of a very good friend of all of ours, actually. Dana White called me, and he said it's, uh, it's the friend or the relationship of one of the fighters for UFC or one of the fighters. And Dana is an incredible guy. And we spoke to President Putin about it, and they made a deal.

Donald Trump: They released the young ballerina. And she is now out. And that was good. So we appreciate that. We hope that we're going to be able to make a deal relatively soon with Russia and Ukraine to stop the fighting. It's so senseless. It's such a horrible thing that would have never happened if I were president.

Donald Trump: But it did happen. And we were given that card. And I think we're going to get it -- I think we're going to get it stopped. We've got to get going. We got to get it. We have to move it faster. Likewise, with the hostages, we're making progress. We uh, you know, there's 59 hostages, but only 24 of them are living.

Donald Trump: And that's the way it's been presented to me by the mothers of some of the dead, mothers and fathers of some of the dead hostages. And they want the bodies of their -- of their baby, as they say, their baby, their young boys, they want -- they want them back as much as if they were alive. It's amazing. Because when I met the hostages two weeks ago here, I couldn't believe what they had to go through, by the way.

Donald Trump: But when I met them, they said, yeah, there's 59, but 24 are living. And they actually consider -- I guess if you're a parent, you do consider it this way, that the -- the remainder who are dead, the 24 that are alive, the remainder that are dead, they want them back just as much as they would want them back if they were alive.

Donald Trump: It's really pretty amazing and pretty sad. So we're -- we're getting close to, uh, getting them back. We have -- a lot came back. A lot of people are very grateful. And some came back in pretty bad shape. Some came back, they're OK. I think they're going to be scarred mentally for a long time. Because if you sit down and talk to them as I have, what they went through is incredible.

Donald Trump: But we're making progress. We're dealing with Israel. We're dealing with Hamas. And it's uh, it's a nasty group.

Question: Mr. President? Yeah, um, so, uh, how close are you to the first country coming to actually make a deal with the United States over tariffs? Is it days, months?

Donald Trump: Well, I think it's very close, but you know, we have to have a deal that we like. We don't want a deal that's going to be a bad deal, or I could -- I could make every deal in one day if I wanted to. I could do this in all in one day. I could just say here's what we'll do. And uh, I was saying to the people, before to Scott, mostly to Scott and Howard, and some of the other people that work with us on the negotiations.

Donald Trump: You know, we have a lot of law firms that have paid me a lot of money in the form of legal fees. We're going to probably use those firms, too, uh, if we can. I think we can. I'll make a contribution to the country. But they're great firms. They're the best firms, the biggest and really the most prestigious.

Donald Trump: And we may be using them to help you guys out because you're going to need a lot of lawyers. [Laughter] And I'm not sure Pam's going to be happy if I say can you send over about 200 lawyers and work on trade. Because she's working on criminal stuff. And I think that's going to be her focus more than anything else.

Donald Trump: So we'll find out if we can do that. But we have a lot of lawyers that you've been reading about where they paid $100 million a firm on average. Now we have the final four or five are at $125 million now. So I have a lot of legal fees I could give to you people, but -- [Laughter] And we might as well use them.

Donald Trump: Hopefully, I won't need that many legal fees or that much. I may. Who knows? After -- after it ends, after -- after we leave, maybe I'll need it. But if I do, it's not going to be very pleasant.

Unidentified: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: So I think we're going to try to use these -- these very prestigious firms to help us out with the trade. Because you know, we have a lot of countries. But we want to make deals that are proper for the United States, not just -- we can make deals easily. But we want to make them proper.

Question: Mr. President, if you aren't able to reach the deals that you want to see at the end of the 90 days, will you put those higher tariffs in place or will you extend

Note: [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: Well, that's what would happen. I mean if we can't make the deal that we want to make or we have to make or that's good for both parties, it's got to be good for both parties. And then we'd go back to where we were.

Question: Go back to the numbers that you announced last week.

Donald Trump: Yeah, I think.

Question: So, you wouldn't extend the pause?

Donald Trump: Yeah, we'll have to see what happens at that time.

Question: Mr. President, you said yesterday you were considering some exceptions for companies. Can you talk about what you're considering? And then also on the reciprocal tariffs, said they'd be substantially lower. Is the same math formula going to be used or is that tossed out?

Donald Trump: I'm not considering now for any country or company, but it's possible that I would, but I'm not -- we don't have that situation right now. People understand where we are, what we're going to do, but it could happen. It's called flexibility. You have to have certain flexibility.

Question: Mr. President, what are you planning on using the money that you're getting from revenue through the tariffs on?

Donald Trump: Paying down national debt, reducing taxes, creating good budgets, helping Kristi with the border and all of the other things. We built -- I built hundreds of miles of wall, as people now understand, 571 miles of border wall in the first administration, but we're going to beef it up and we're going to add more.

Donald Trump: And you know, the numbers are incredible. Really the numbers are -- what's taking place. We had great numbers, but these numbers are topping my last administration. And Kristi and Tom Homan have done an amazing job, but it's an expensive process. This weekend, where they used to have hundreds of thousands of people standing there pouring through the border in Tijuana, Mexico.

Donald Trump: This weekend they had nobody -- you had a man sweeping this massive piece of concrete, which is the area where they sit, massive. And I've looked at that -- during the Biden administration, you couldn't see a piece of that concrete there were so many people on it. You couldn't -- if you had a helicopter shot, you couldn't see concrete.

Donald Trump: Now this weekend you had nobody there, but a man with a broom, sweeping it and cleaning it up, pretty amazing. It's really an amazing job, but it will be used for that. It'll be used for a lot of things. It'll be used by the Department of Justice for doing a great job. Pam is doing a fantastic job. So, it's going to be used for a lot of different things.

Question: Mr. President on the 10 percent tariff, is that a basement -- is that the --

Note: [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: It's a baseline.

Question: Can countries negotiate that to bring that down?

Donald Trump: It depends on what they're adding. You know, some countries have -- we have massive deficits with, or they have big surpluses with us, and others it's not that way. So, it depends. That's why it's really all -- they're all different. Every country is different. Some have certain advantages that others don't have and certain things.

Donald Trump: We have some -- China has a surplus of $1 trillion. I mean, the numbers are crazy, and others have basically no surpluses. We have some that are pretty even, but they hurt us in other ways and we just want to get that taken care of. So it's -- every one is a little bit different.

Note: [Crosstalk]

Question: -- but are you going to go with the EU as one bloc or individual nations for the [Inaudible] of the tariffs?

Donald Trump: We're looking at it as one bloc. They've been very tough, but they were very smart. They were ready to announce retaliation and then they heard about what we did with respect to China and others, but China. And they said, you know, we're going to hold back a little bit [Laughter], they decided to hold back, I thought they were very smart.

Donald Trump: Look, the EU is very smart, but they really have taken advantage of the United States. They were formed for the purpose of taking advantage of the United States. And I don't blame them, and I don't blame China. I don't blame anybody. I blame the people that were sitting at that desk in that other beautiful Oval Office for allowing it to happen.

Donald Trump: Many presidents I blame, they should have never allowed it to happen. And I'm doing something that a lot of them wouldn't want to do. But I'm here, I do those things and we're going to make this country great again. We were taken advantage of by almost everybody. I sat back -- in the last administration, I would actually read -- I don't have to read them now, I know them so well.

Donald Trump: I would read some of these documents that were signed, deals, and I said who would do a deal like this? Who would do it? You've seen it, Elon.

Elon Musk: Yeah.

Donald Trump: I'd look at deals where it's so one sided, even -- we have a deal with Japan and we get along great with Japan and we had the Prime Minister here, he was fantastic. As you know, Abe was great. Shinzo was great, he was a good friend of mine, unfortunately no longer with us. But we defend them, but they don't have to defend us. I said that doesn't sound too good.

Donald Trump: But we have a deal where -- a defense deal. We pay hundreds of billions of dollars to defend them. But if for any reason -- in other words, we pay all the money, they don't pay anything. But if we're ever attacked, they don't have to do a thing to protect us. They said, oh, that sounds like a wonderful deal.

Donald Trump: So, I just -- that's just one out of thousands. And I just wonder who did this? And it's people that either hate our country or didn't care, an expression that you use. I think it's really the -- a lot of them didn't care. They just -- it's just hard to believe how bad they are. Now, that's a little bit of a defensive deal.

Donald Trump: But I'm talking about trade deals, the same thing. They're so bad you would say how come? And even when I'd renegotiate, like I'd go to a country, they'd give me everything I asked for. I said why didn't somebody ask for it like originally. They give me everything. I think when they were negotiating, they didn't care, or they didn't ask, or they were shy, or they were very stupid, or they hate our country.

Donald Trump: Yeah, go ahead, Jeff.

Question: You were speaking about Japan. Can you clarify what your vision is for US Steel? You referenced it yesterday. There were some questions about what you actually want --

Note: [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: Sure, look, US steel is going to do very well now because of tariffs. And I don't know why they even need a deal. But the only thing is US Steel, if you go back 80 or 90 years, that was a behemoth in this. That was our biggest, most -- if we were around, we would have been very proud of it. Today we have different types of companies that are big, Google -- it's not the same as US Steel.

Donald Trump: And I love Google, and I got to like the people that run it, very capable people. They didn't like me so much in the first administration, but they like me a lot now. I don't know what happened, but I like them. But I think they would be the first to admit, when I envisioned -- you look at some of those steel factories from 90 years ago when we were -- it was a different kind of a country, but they were miles long.

Donald Trump: Today, you see just empty hulks. Those hulks are going to be filled up very soon because of what I'm doing with tariffs. It was a different kind of a thing. But if I didn't do that in the first term, my first term, if I didn't put tariffs on, we would have -- because China and others were dumping steel, billions of dollars of steel.

Donald Trump: Our steel companies were all closing every factory. We wouldn't have one steel plant open and now we have a steel industry that's doing very well, but soon it's going to be thriving, really thriving. And those factories are going to be filled up. But more importantly, they're going to build brand new ones.

Donald Trump: Nucor. And so many other companies call me, Nucor being a big steel company. They're building massive new steel plants and it's great. And likewise, car companies, we have many, many car companies. Three of them -- I'm not looking to hurt Mexico, and I like Mexico. And by the way, I think the new president is a terrific person, a fantastic woman.

Donald Trump: We've had many conversations. She's a very elegant -- just a fantastic person. And she's been very nice, very, very nice. But I'm not looking to hurt them. But we have three car plants that were under construction in Mexico. They stopped constructing and now they're going to build in the United States because of tariffs.

Donald Trump: See we should have never let this happen because whoever it was that was president at the time, we lost 90,000 plants and factories since NAFTA, 90,000. It's not believable. How about that, Lori, you know you're that sort of world of factories and plants.

Lori Chavez-DeRemer: We're going to build back manufacturing and construction jobs and bring those workers back home.

Donald Trump: That's right. We're going to bring them all back. But think of it -- from that period of time, which isn't so long ago, we lost -- I said the other day if you had a map on a big wall like this and if you had pins, 90,000, I don't know if you'd have enough -- I don't think you'd have enough room on the map to put the pins.

Donald Trump: 90,000 factories that we've lost since NAFTA. And it's not even -- and about 6 million jobs really, I think probably a lot more than that. But they say 6 million jobs. We're going to bring many of that back. I think we're going to bring more than all of them back. We're going to bring -- we're going to be better and stronger than ever before.

Donald Trump: But if a president, when they were leaving, said, look, you can leave. But if you're going to build a factory someplace else and you think you're going to come and sell your steel or your car or any product that you make. your pharmaceuticals, which we're going to do, we're going to get them all back.

Donald Trump: But if you think you're going to just -- all they had to do is say this and they wouldn't have left. You know, I said it the other day. I said it with respect to -- I made a speech a year ago and I told them if I win, we're going to charge a big, big tariff at the border. And people were thinking about building in Mexico a car plant.

Donald Trump: And I said we're going to have a big tariff. So if you want to build a car, you're going to have to pay 25 percent more than the cost of that car. You're going to have to pay 25 percent tariff at the border. They would have never left. They could have kept everybody. If a president said, if you leave this country, you leave Michigan, you leave Detroit, you leave any -- any of the -- any part -- any of our states.

Donald Trump: Because to me, they're all the same. I love them all. I love them all. And I probably won them all, but -- [Laughter] they say I won most of them, but I probably -- I think I won them all, but that's OK. But all you had to say if you were the president is if you leave and you think you're going to now fire all those workers, leave all that, you know, everything behind and you're going to build in another country and sell it. You know, you're not going to. You're going to pay 50 percent or 100 percent tariff.

Donald Trump: They would have never left. And all you had to say, Marco, is -- all you had to say very simply is you don't have to write it down, all you have to do is say it verbally. If you leave, you're going to pay 100 percent tariff, therefore don't leave, they would have never left. But they left 90,000 plants. I mean, it's hard to believe that many.

Donald Trump: It's not -- you -- you can't envision it. So just getting back to your, you know, because I'm the great weaver of all time, you know. [Laughter] To weave you have to be a genius. [Laughter] To go on tangents, anybody can do that, but we'll get back to your original US steel. US steel is, uh, is a big name in this country.

Donald Trump: You know, it's -- Babe Ruth is a big name. We have a lot of big names, but not too many. You -- US Steel is one of the great names in the history of our country. And normally I wouldn't mind so much. I wouldn't be thrilled with it, but to buy for a foreign country and we love Japan, but for a foreign country to buy that cherished US Steel brand, it's hard for me to do. I mean, somebody else, uh, somebody else may want it, the company Nippon, that's involved with it is a big powerful company would, do a good job.

Donald Trump: But why can't they just build a plant themselves? I mean, why do they have to, you know, take US Steel. So, as you know, I rejected the deal. Now they've come back in a different form. They're coming back as an investor. And you know, I feel better about that, I guess. But you know, I know them very well.

Donald Trump: I know -- I know their thinking. That's the investor, they'll invest and somebody else may be sitting in this chair and they will no longer have an investment. They'll have the whole thing. You know, that's the way it works here. Very smart. They're very, very smart people. We're dealing with very smart people throughout the world.

Donald Trump: Great geniuses actually. Look what they've done to our country. And again, I don't blame China. I don't blame anybody. If I could have done it, if I were in that position, I'd have great respect. I have great respect for the people. They ripped off the United States. And all we had to do have a president that knew what the hell was going on and none of those countries would have left -- those companies, none of them would have left.

Donald Trump: So that's a little lesson in basic business. And it's really basic business. It's not complicated business. It's very basic business. And we'd have every one of those car plants going just the way they were 30 years ago, none of them would have left. But now they're coming back.

Question: Mr. President? Mr. President? Mr. President, have you ever -- Mr. President, the Labor Department has confirmed that $400 million went to fake people for unemployment benefits.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Question: What are your initial reactions?

Donald Trump: I think it's terrible. I just heard it from Lori, and I appreciate it. And you heard it from Elon's people, right?

Lori Chavez-DeRemer: That's right.

Donald Trump: Uh, Elon's done a fantastic job. Look, he's sitting here. And I don't care. I don't need Elon for anything other than I happen to like him, but I'm telling you this guy --

Elon Musk: [Inaudible] I like you, too, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: This guy did a fantastic job. [Laughter] I don't need his car. I actually bought one because -- and they said, oh, did you get a bargain? No. I said give me the top price. I paid a lot of money for that car. [Laughter] But honestly, he makes -- he makes a great car. You know what I do with it? I let the people in the office drive around in it. [Laughter] Margot and Natalie.

Donald Trump: They're all -- Chamberlain. [Laughter] They're all driving around in the most beautiful car. They think it's gorgeous. Uh, but I did that as a sign of just a show of support. Numerous people have done that, just a show of support. Because you know, he's done a fantastic job. But uh, he hasn't been treated properly.

Donald Trump: He hasn't been treated properly. Yeah?

Question: Mr. President, can you talk to us about your communications with China? Has President Xi reached out at all since the tariffs?

Donald Trump: Well, I don't want to say who's reached out. I'd just say that I think -- I think it's going to work out. Hopefully, well.

Question: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: They're very big. It's hard to get over. If you're me, the -- what they've done to our country, they've destroyed our economic base to a large extent. The good news is we're very vibrant. And we're going to get it back fast. We already have. Look, we're making $2 billion a day now. And uh, during Biden, we were losing $3 billion a day.

Donald Trump: Biden was a disaster. He was the worst president in the history of our country. And you know, to me, worse than that because the money you can make if you have the right guy in this position, worse than that was what we have to what they did on the border. By allowing the jails of the world, not South America, all over the world, to be opened up so that we take everybody from Africa, Asia, South America, Europe.

Donald Trump: The bad ones. They opened up their jails and they dumped them in the United States. And now this beautiful young woman, who seems to be, boy, she loves what she does though. [Laughter] I think she loves what she does. Because she's a patriot, she hates to see it, and Tom and all the people. But for us to spend, you know, hundreds of billions of dollars to -- this is just, I don't know, either -- again, they either hated the country -- who would do this?

Donald Trump: Who would want millions of people to pour through an open border? We have no idea who the hell they are. And just walk right through. And half of them, whether you like it or not, you could look at them and you could say they are not going to help us. These are some rough people. But they empty out their jails and they'd empty out their mental institutions, insane asylums.

Donald Trump: And they let them into the United States of America. And inflation we can fix. And all of the other things we can fix. We'll get it going. But this is something, it's -- it's such a horrible thing. And it's really hard. You know, we have to do deportations. Now, we're doing self-deportation. We're coming up with all sorts of ideas.

Donald Trump: And they must have known it's not going to work out well. And you know, we want people to come into our country, by the way. We need them badly for the jobs, but we want them to come in legally. They have to come in legally. They have to show that they can love our country. Thank you very much, everybody.

Donald Trump: Thank you. Thank you, everybody. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much.

Donald Trump: Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much.

Question: Mr. President, Democrats are making accusations about market manipulation yesterday?

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Aide: Thank you guys.

Aide: Guys.

Aide: Thank you guys.

Question: Thank you.

Donald Trump: Thank you. Thank you very much.

Donald Trump: Yeah. Nobody's ever done this, you know. We let --

Unidentified: Yeah.

Donald Trump: -- the press likes to have the cameras there.

Unidentified: We just had a three hour cabinet [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: No. Where we let --

Unidentified: This could be a record breaker.