Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-melania-trump-international-women-courage-awards-washington-april-1-2025

Melania Trump: Thank you. Please sit down. Please. Thank you. Good afternoon and thank you, Secretary Rubio. Throughout my life, I have harnessed the power of love as a source of strength during challenging times. Love has inspired me to embrace forgiveness, nurture empathy, and exhibit bravery in the face of unforeseen obstacles.

Melania Trump: Today, we celebrate courage, a strength that is based in love. This truth is illustrated through our honorees who prove that love can inspire extraordinary valor or even in the face of vulnerability. The remarkable stories are a testament to the power of love in practice for family, community, and our world.

Melania Trump: This is especially evident in places where their passion defies convention and what -- it has been shown at great personal risk of stigma, persecution, or harm. The courageous Georgiana Pascu, one of our award recipients, exemplifies love in action. Georgiana is a watchdog who defends the dignity of Romanians whose voices cannot be heard.

Melania Trump: She fearlessly enters facilities designated as care centers to rescue people with disabilities who are unwillingly held captive. In fact, Georgiana usually shows up unannounced and discovers the unimaginable: helpless adults and children bound, sedated, starving, and in extreme cases, dying. Thanks to Georgiana brave work, dozens of offenders have been charged with human trafficking, exploitation, and even organized crime.

Melania Trump: We are honored to join an exceptional assembly of brave women who have shown their love and refused to let fear or hardship define them. Their collective achievements and dedication move us all. Let us also take a moment to acknowledge those who persist in their struggles. For each of them, love serves as a powerful catalyst instilling in a profound sense of purpose in their endeavors to the women who are driven to speak out for justice even though their voices are trembling, to the women who are motivated to rise up for their community when others remain indifferent, to the women who feel compelled to heal wounds caused by hatred and cherish peace.

Melania Trump: The 2025 International Women of Courage Award recipients came from diverse backgrounds and regions. Yet, love transcends boundaries and territories. It is a universal language. Their courage propels us of humanity forward by advocating to end violence against women and girls promoting democratic governance, defending human rights, championing education, and fighting injustice.

Melania Trump: Through their efforts, they instigate progress for all of humanity. These extraordinary women illuminate the transformative power of love in shaping our world. Their journeys remind us that true courage is born from a deep commitment to others, showing that love fuels the call for justice. Through their brave actions, they inspire us to embrace our own potential for change, teaching us that, while courage drive us forward, it is love that lays the groundwork for lasting impact.

Melania Trump: Let their stories motivate us to take courageous steps, knowing that each act of love can spark a ripple of transformation. Thank you and thank you for being here today. Thank you.