Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-david-perdue-swearing-in-oval-office-may-7-2025

Donald Trump: Well, thank you very much. Before we begin, I'm pleased to announce that I've just signed a proclamation officially designating tomorrow, May 8th, as a Victory Day for World War II, commemorating the 80th anniversary of America's victory in the Second World War. All over the globe, our World War II allies are celebrating this week, but the United States has never joined in with the proper celebration of our own, and the victory was mostly accomplished because of us, whether you like it or not.

Donald Trump: We came into that war and we won that war and we had a lot of help from a lot of great people, a lot of great allies. But I think there would be nobody that would say that we were not the dominant force in that war, and we don't celebrate it. And I think that's a great disservice to the people that lost their lives and people that fought so hard in winning World War II and also, a separate victory day for World War I, and we're going to be doing that too.

Donald Trump: It was American tanks and ships and trucks and airplanes and service members that vanquished the enemy 80 years ago this week. Without America, the liberation would never have happened and so we have to pay tribute and homage to those people that gave us victory. And we did something else that people don't talk about.

Donald Trump: We rebuilt the world. All of these countries that were destroyed, we helped them rebuild and that's something that, for the most part, others did not do. So with this proclamation, we are hereby honoring the incredible sacrifice and heroism of millions of Americans who served in World War II, along with the unprecedented mobilization home front that helped deliver this great triumph.

Donald Trump: All Americans should take pride in what these incredible patriots have achieved. So I just want to say Happy Victory Day to all. So we are celebrating every year now, I can guarantee for four years, but I think after that we're going to have two victory days, World War I and World War II. This is World War II Victory Day. In the future, we're going to have a major celebration of each day.

Donald Trump: We're not going to have days off because we don't have enough days in the year. We have too many celebrations already, but we're going to have Victory Day and for World War I, World War II. And without us, those wars would not have been won. I think we can say that, would not have been won and I think it's time that the United States starts taking credit for their achievements.

Donald Trump: And I really believe it's a shame. I was watching for the last week and I noticed France, I noticed other countries all getting ready for Victory Day. And I said, that's sort of strange because David just added something, he said, we also rebuilt the world and I didn't have that and I should have that. That was a big factor.

Donald Trump: But I noticed all of the countries, Russia, having a big day tomorrow. And by the way, they lost millions of people and they were absolutely a major factor, but there was no major factor like us. We won the war and we won it with the help of others, but everybody was celebrating but the United States of America.

Donald Trump: And I said, you know, I think it's time that we start celebrating victory and that's what we're doing. So now for the reason that we're here, but I asked David, would it be appropriate if I did that? He said, absolutely. That's a big thing that we're doing on your swearing in, very big thing. But now for the real reason and a reason that I'm very proud of because he's been my friend for a long time.

Donald Trump: We're swearing in our next ambassador to the People's Republic of China. What timing, David, what timing. Only you could have picked this timing.

David Perdue: It's your fault.

Donald Trump: I picked him a long time ago, but it just happened to come due on a pretty important date. But our friend, David Perdue, Senator David Perdue, joining David this afternoon are his incredible wife, Bonnie, been at his side for a long time, their sons, David and Blake, their daughter-in-law, Danielle, and daughter-in-law Charlotte and their grandsons, David, Hudson and Jack.

Donald Trump: That's a beautiful family. Congratulations. I didn't think you had it in you, David. That's really something. That's pretty amazing. Look at that. Our new ambassador brings to this position a lifetime of experience at the highest levels of business and politics, and he is at the highest level. Over four decades in business, he rose to lead several major American corporations, including as the president and CEO of the footwear giant, Reebok, where he did very well.

Donald Trump: He did a great job, and later CEO of Dollar General. Likewise, he did a great job. David also lived and worked in Singapore and Hong Kong for several years, developing a wealth of experience, negotiating and doing tremendous business deals for lots of different leaders that he worked with. Following his tremendous business success as an executive, David stepped forward to serve American government and as we all know, in 2014, he was elected United States Senate in Georgia and he was very popular, very respected from day one.

Donald Trump: He served on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee and was a tremendous partner to our administration. During my first term, I dealt with him a lot and he solved a lot of problems. Now I'm entrusting David to help manage one of America's most complex and consequential Foreign relationships and I know he'll do a fantastic job.

Donald Trump: As our lead diplomat in Beijing, David will work to promote American interests and stability in the Indo-Pacific, help stop the flood of Chinese fentanyl across our borders, which we have to do. We lost, I believe, 300,000 people last year, seek fairness and reciprocity for the American worker, ensure the safety of our citizens overseas and promote peace in the region and in the world.

Donald Trump: And I'm confident that he will do an exceptional job. He's an exceptional man, and make our country very proud and make our country very safe too. So David, I want to congratulate you. This is as big as it gets and the timing is unbelievable, but it's time that we have somebody like this. This is a very, very extraordinary man and you're going to do a fantastic job, and say hello to President Xi when you're over there, please.

Donald Trump: OK.

David Perdue: Will do.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. Marco, would you do the service? Thank you.

Marco Rubio: So why don't we come? You'll stand here. Put your left hand and raise your right. Raise your right hand. All right. I, state your name.

David Perdue: I, David Perdue --

Marco Rubio: Do solemnly swear --

David Perdue: -- do solemnly swear --

Marco Rubio: -- that I will support and defend --

David Perdue: -- that I will support and defend --

Marco Rubio: -- the Constitution of the United States --

David Perdue: -- the Constitution of the United States --

Marco Rubio: -- against all enemies Ð

David Perdue: -- against all enemies Ð-

Marco Rubio: -- foreign and domestic.

David Perdue: -- foreign and domestic.

Marco Rubio: That I will bear true faith --

David Perdue: That I will bear true faith --

Marco Rubio: -- and allegiance --

David Perdue: -- and allegiance --

Marco Rubio: -- to the same.

David Perdue: -- to the same.

Marco Rubio: That I take this obligation freely --

David Perdue: -- that I take this obligation freely --

Marco Rubio: -- without any mental reservation --

David Perdue: -- without any mental reservation --

Marco Rubio: -- or purpose of evasion.

David Perdue: -- or purpose of evasion.

Marco Rubio: And that I will well --

David Perdue: And that I will well --

Marco Rubio: -- and faithfully discharge --

David Perdue: -- and faithfully discharge --

Marco Rubio: -- the duties of the office --

David Perdue: -- the duties of the office --

Marco Rubio: -- on which I am about to enter --

David Perdue: -- on which I am about to enter --

Marco Rubio: -- so help me God.

David Perdue: -- so help me God.

Marco Rubio: Congratulations.

David Perdue: Thank you.

Donald Trump: Great, David. David, would you like to say something?

David Perdue: Mr. President, I'm humbled to be in this office today. I love what you've done with this office. I like the Declaration of Independence. I want the world to know that I know this man personally. He loves this country and I am glad to be your man in China. Thank you.

Donald Trump: Thank you, David. Thank you very much. I think just for the sake of formality, here we go, David. Come on up. Come on up here, Bonnie. That's what it's all about, right? And now we send you on your way, lots of luck.

David Perdue: Yes, sir.

Donald Trump: We're right behind you, David.

David Perdue: Look forward to seeing you over there, sir.

Donald Trump: OK. Have a good time.

David Perdue: Thank you. God bless you. [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: Congratulations, everybody.

Unidentified: Thank you.

Donald Trump: Congratulations. Any questions, please?

Question: Mr. President, the Treasury secretary just told lawmakers that a tariff exemption for certain baby items like car seats is under consideration. Will you exempt some products that families rely --

Donald Trump: I don't know. I'll think about it. I don't know. I really don't. I want to make it nice and simple. I'm not looking to have so many exemptions that nobody knows what's doing. We have to make it very simple, but I'll take a look at it. Yeah. Please.

Question: Mr. President, there are rumblings in Washington that some House Republican moderates are opposed to defunding Planned Parenthood in this year's reconciliation package. What do you say to those members and are you supportive of --

Donald Trump: Well, I don't know yet, I have to see because you're just telling me that for the first time. We'll work something out.

Question: Mr. President, what are you hoping your representatives will get out of the talks in Switzerland on China? And secondly, what does China need to do on fentanyl specifically? What do you want to see them do?

Donald Trump: Well, they have to stop fentanyl from coming in. That will be a very big part and I had that understanding with President Xi before I left last time, and we had a deal. And he would have honored the deal, but when Biden came in, of course, nothing ever happened with him. He didn't know what the hell he was doing, but that would have saved a lot of lives.

Donald Trump: That election cost us a lot of lives and a lot of heartache, the fact that we went through four years of misery and you look at what's coming through the border and the job of getting murderers out of our country. So many bad things happened, the wars. You wouldn't be having -- you wouldn't have October 7th, you wouldn't have Russia fighting with Ukraine.

Donald Trump: You wouldn't have had that disaster in Afghanistan. You wouldn't have had inflation. All these things would have not taken place. So sad to see what happened. Any other questions?

Question: [Inaudible] your administration sending migrants to Libya?

Donald Trump: I don't know. You'll have to ask homeland security, please.

Question: Vice President Vance said Russia was asking for too much to end the war. Given that, do you still have confidence that --

Donald Trump: When did he say that?

Question: Earlier this morning.

Donald Trump: Well, it's possible that's right. He may know some things that -- because I've been dealing with this and some other things, but we are getting to a point where some decisions are going to have to be made. I'm not happy about it. I'm not happy about it. OK.

Question: Just to follow up, sir, on the talks in Switzerland, what do you expect, what do you hope to come out of those?

Donald Trump: We'll see. I mean, look, we were losing $1 trillion a year, now we're not losing anything. It's the way I look at it. We were losing with China on trade, $1 trillion a year, more, actually $1.1 trillion, but let's say a trillion. You know what we're losing now, nothing. That's not bad.

Question: Are you planning a new cease fire and hostage proposal for Israel and Hamas before you head over to the region next week?

Donald Trump: Where? Where?

Question: In Gaza.

Donald Trump: In Gaza. Well, we're going to see what's happening. A lot of talk going on about Gaza right now. You know that, right? So you'll be knowing probably in the next 24 hours. Yeah.

Question: [Inaudible] actions between the war in India and Pakistan. What's your position?

Donald Trump: Oh, it's so terrible. My position is I get along with both. I know both very well and I want to see them work it out. I want to see them stop and hopefully they can stop now. They've gone tit for tat, so hopefully they can stop now. But I know both. We get along with both countries very well. Good relationships with both and I want to see it stop.

Donald Trump: And if I can do anything to help, I will be there. By the way unrelated, but I guess it's all related when you look at the world, nowadays. Rwanda and the Congo, we've made a lot of progress in getting that disaster stopped. We've had a very talented person over there and we've made a lot of progress with Rwanda and Congo fighting a very violent war, by the way.

Question: Mr. President, China says in order to have substantive negotiations, you have to bring down your 145 percent tariffs. Are you open to pulling back your tariffs in order to get China to the negotiating table?

Donald Trump: No.

Question: Mr. President, Senator Tillis has come out against Ed Martin as US attorney. Do you have any response to that?

Donald Trump: Well, it's disappointing because I know Ed. He's very talented. Crime is down in Washington D.C., street crime, violent crime, by 25 percent. And people have seen -- they've noticed a big difference. So I didn't know that, but if anybody voted against him, I feel very badly about it, only in the sense that in this short period of time that he's been there, crime is down 25 percent in Washington D.C., but that's really up to the Senators.

Donald Trump: If they feel that way, they have to vote the way they vote. They have to follow their heart and they have to follow their mind.

Question: [Inaudible] referring to the Persian Gulf as the Arabian Gulf. Are you going to make that announcement?

Donald Trump: They're going to ask me about that when I get there and I'll have to make a decision.

Question: So you haven't made a decision yet?

Donald Trump: I don't want to hurt anybody's feelings. I don't know if feelings are going to be hurt. Well, I have a case right over here? It's called Gulf of America and I guess a lot of people get ideas from us. But the Gulf of America was something I thought should have been named a long time ago. I'm going to be given a briefing on that.

Donald Trump: It was just done, and I'll make a decision.

Question: Is it the US position that Iran can have an enrichment program as long as it doesn't reach a weapons --

Donald Trump: We haven't made that decision yet. We will, but we haven't made that decision yet. Yeah.

Question: Mr. President, China said the US initiated the trade talks this weekend and that its position hasn't changed. Are you still confident you can reach a deal with China?

Donald Trump: They said we initiated?

Question: Yes.

Donald Trump: Well, I think they ought to go back and study their files. OK? I do think that. Go ahead.

Question: Are you planning to ease export restrictions to some of these Gulf countries? And also make announcements regarding --

Donald Trump: We might be doing that. Yeah.

Question: And their nuclear program is a civilian nuclear program --

Donald Trump: And it'll be announced soon.

Question: And you're going to help them develop that nuclear power?

Donald Trump: Well, we're going to take a look. We're going to take a look, but we had, really, a very good -- as you know, we had a very good uh outcome with the Houthis and we honor their word. I mean, they made a commitment and we dealt with other countries that were close to them and their surrogates and we honor all of their words.

Donald Trump: We'll see what happens. But I think -- I believe that hopefully that's over with and they'll leave the ships alone, just leave those ships alone. So we do, we take their word for it. We hit them very hard. They had a great capacity to withstand punishment. They took tremendous punishment and you could say there's a lot of bravery there.

Donald Trump: It was amazing what they took, but we honor their commitment and their word. They gave us their word that they wouldn't be shooting ships anymore and we honor that. I want to thank you all for being here. I want to congratulate David Perdue and his family. He's going to be really an incredible ambassador to China.

Donald Trump: I have no doubt about it and we're going to work together very closely. Thank you all very much. Thank you. Thank you, David.