Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-pull-aside-shavkat-mirziyoyev-uzbekistan-september-23-2025

Donald Trump: Well, thank you very much. It's a great honor to be with the President of Uzbekistan. He's highly respected, been there for a long time, many years, right? About like 15 or 16. That's a long time. And the only reason you can be at a country that long is when you're very smart and very competent. So, I just want to thank you very much for being with us. You know, he made a big purchase of a lot of different American products.

Donald Trump: Different -- they've got plenty of money. They've got plenty of oil and plenty of money. Oil usually goes along with the money, but they've done very well as a country, and he has been a really great leader and it's an honor to be with you again. Thank you very much.

Shavkat Mirziyoyev: Thank you.

Donald Trump: Please.

Shavkat Mirziyoyev: [Via Translator] Thank you very much, Mr. President, it is my great pleasure to be here and I would like to congratulate you with the brilliant presentation today, the speech of yours today. Well, you were able to cover all the points of importance today and I would like to congratulate you, that you are really a person who can hold his word.

Shavkat Mirziyoyev: [Via Translator] So, you say something and then you act of course. You promised that we will have a meeting today and we're now having it. So, thank you for that. Besides, you were able to stop seven conflicts all over the world, and we know that one of them is very close in our region and it's Azerbaijan and Armenian war.

Shavkat Mirziyoyev: [Via Translator] So, thank you for that as well. And you are a great inspiration for us. And everything that we're able to agree upon is being implemented already. Thank you very much for this dialog and we will be continuously working together on the program that we were able to sign up for.

Donald Trump: Well, thank you very much. And you know, the president is speaking in about five minutes. He's supposed to be up there, and I want to watch him. But the president is speaking in approximately five minutes. So, maybe we'll take a little quick question if you'd like and we'll do one nice and fast. But it's been a real honor to be with you.

Donald Trump: And then I want you to rush out and make a great speech.

Question: Mr. President, Ryan Routh, the man who tried to assassinate you, convicted and found guilty. What is your response to that?

Donald Trump: Well, I'm very appreciative of the justice that was given and the way it was handled by Pam Bondi and Todd Blanche and everybody that has been -- and their team of people. It was really well handled and it's very important, you can't let things like that happen. Nothing to do with me, but a president or even a person, you can't allow that to happen.

Donald Trump: And so, justice was served and we'll see what happens. But I very much appreciate the judge and jury and everybody on that. It was so professionally handled. And it's a great honor, great honor.

Question: Mr. President, are you meeting with Muslim and Arab leaders this afternoon to discuss --

Donald Trump: I am.

Question: A postwar plan for Gaza. Is that -- does that -- can you tell us a little bit about that?

Donald Trump: It's going to be a big meeting. It's a very important meeting, but right now I have an important meeting too because he purchased billions of dollars' worth of our equipment. And we do make the best equipment in the world. So, we're going to make sure it's perfect for you.

Shavkat Mirziyoyev: Thank you.

Question: Mr. President, are there any additional details with you about signing with Uzbekistan? Is there --

Donald Trump: Well, we are -- we're talking about a couple of very big ones. He's already done some big ones today, over the last few days. But we're going to have a very good -- we've had a good relationship, and he and I have met before. And the relationship is really great. He's a highly respected man and leader.

Question: Mr. President --

Donald Trump: Let me see. Oh.

Shavkat Mirziyoyev: [Via Translator] $105 billion.

Donald Trump: $105 billion. That's not bad. That's worth a five minute meeting, right? You agree?

Note: [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: Look at all the nice -- look, tractors, all sorts, $105 billion, wow. In 2018 through 2024, he did $19.4 billion, and now he's doing $105 billion worth of purchases. It's really a great honor. You know, I met him thinking it was less.

Donald Trump: Anything over $1 billion I do -- so when you go $105 billion, I'll meet him 15 or 20 times. That's really great. You go up and make your great speech. It's a great honor. You're a great man.

Shavkat Mirziyoyev: [Via Translator] Thank you so very much.

Note: [Crosstalk]

Shavkat Mirziyoyev: [Via Translator] But I am expecting for you -- for your visit to Uzbekistan you promised. You have to visit Samarkand, please.

Donald Trump: I love that. Well, I'm going to think about doing that.

Shavkat Mirziyoyev: [In Uzbek, not translated]

Donald Trump: Really run a great operation, a great group of people, very smart country and they've done really well and I appreciate your purchase from America. Thank you. We'll be there for you. Thank you very much, please.