Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-national-day-prayer-event-rose-garden-may-1-2025

Donald Trump: Well, good morning. This is a beautiful day; we could not have asked for a more beautiful day than this. And maybe that means something that brings us a little luck. But it's a great honor and I'm delighted to welcome you to this very special place, the White House, to celebrate the annual National Day of Prayer.

Donald Trump: And we're doing it up big. This is the first time they've done it this way and you deserve it. We all deserve the White House. The White House is special. We're bringing back religion in our country and we're bringing it back quickly and strongly because for America to be a great nation, we must always be one nation under God, a phrase that they would like to get rid of, the radical left.

Donald Trump: But then, I don't think we're going to let them get rid of that, right. We're not letting them get rid of that. I want to thank a man of incredible faith who's with us, Speaker Mike Johnson, for being here. He's done an incredible job. Thank you, Mike, very much. We're working very hard on a great, big, beautiful bill, beautiful bill.

Donald Trump: And we're trying to come up with a name, and I said why don't we just call it the Great Big, Beautiful Bill, that's what everyone [Laughter] you know. So, we're going to probably do that because everyone knows what it means. But later today, I'll be going to the University of Alabama to deliver the keynote commencement address to a record crowd.

Donald Trump: They have a big crowd, they have -- I guess they have seven ceremonies, and they said, well, if you're doing it, we're putting them all together. I said that's a lot of people. So, we're going to put them all together. It's the first time they've done that, and I'll give it a shot. All right, I hope we can entertain, I will give it a shot.

Donald Trump: But before we begin, I want to let you know what I was just doing in a really great meeting with Speaker Johnson. We had also Majority Leader, Steve Scalise; Chairman Brett Guthrie, who's a fantastic guy; and Chairman Smith, everybody knows Chairman Smith, he's the most knowledgeable person on taxes and finances there is, to be updated on the progress of the One Big, Beautiful Bill.

Donald Trump: We love that bill. I won't like it if it doesn't pass, neither will you. If it doesn't pass, your taxes are going to go up 68 percent. So, think of it, 68. And this is a religious ceremony to me, but that's part of the religion, because if your taxes go up 68 percent, you might give up your religion [Laughter] you might have no choice.

Donald Trump: You'll be working too hard to try and make it, and that's the Democrats. That's what they'll give you. They'll vote against it. It's not even believable. It's called Trump Derangement Syndrome because, honestly, they -- everything in there is good for Democrats, Republicans and everybody else. These will be the biggest tax cuts in American history with 100 percent expensing, which is something that people cannot believe they're getting.

Donald Trump: We did it in the last one and we had the most successful economy, in my first four years, that we've ever had in the history of our country. And expensing was one of the things that led to that. But it's 100 percent expensing for companies investing in America and increasing take home pay for the typical family by thousands of dollars a year.

Donald Trump: And to show you how middle income this is, there will be no tax on tips, no tax on overtime, no tax for the great seniors in Social Security. So, you have no tax on Social Security for our great seniors. And we have a full deduction for interest -- if you buy a car that's made in America, you get an interest rate deduction.

Donald Trump: That's going to be big -- it's got to be made in America. If it's not made in America, we really don't care if you buy it or not. But if it's made in America, we want you to buy it. We make the best cars anyway. Things are moving along very well and I just wanted to say the final details are coming together and they're coming together rapidly.

Donald Trump: And I think we're right on schedule, Mike and everyone. And I want to thank you and this group and all of the people that are over there right now, not in the sun, they're working on the bill, it's bill. It will be the biggest bill ever passed in the history of our congress -- our Senate and congress. That's a big achievement.

Donald Trump: One of the things that's very important, we'll be saving Medicaid for Americans in need. We will not let the Democrats destroy it and all the waste, fraud and abuse that they seem to love. And they will decimate Medicaid if they get the chance. We're not going to give them that chance. So, just remember, we will be saving Medicaid and strengthening it. It will be actually very strengthened, and they are going to decimate it. We can't let it happen.

Donald Trump: And very simply, to finish that, we will make America rich and healthy again. And why don't we say rich, healthy and religious again, OK? Should I add that for this group? Right, Dan Patrick? Thanks as well to the great people that are here, Pete Hegseth, who's doing a fantastic job. Pete, thank you. Marco Rubio, unbelievable unbelievable, Marco.

Donald Trump: When I have a problem, I call up Marco, he gets it solved. He gets it solved. Scott Bessent, he's got a very easy job now. He's negotiating with about 200 countries. Can you handle it? Do you get to sleep at all? He's got phone calls coming in. I was with him before; he had like 30 phone calls. I said just see me later, they're all calling.

Donald Trump: Scott Turner, who's doing wonderful work recommendation of Ben. Ben, when Ben, you know, recommends you, I have no choice, right? But you're doing great. You're doing great. Attorney General Pam Bondi, she's slightly busy. She's on the busy side with all of the -- you have a big assortment of everything when you think of it, she's got every form of crime known to mankind and womankind too.

Donald Trump: You always have to say that as a politician. But she's doing incredible work. Director of National Intelligence, Tulsi Gabbard. Tulsi thank you. Good job. A man I can't talk about because he goes undercover most of the time. His whole life is now undercover, but he's central casting when you get to see him, I tell you, he's a handsome guy.

Donald Trump: He is -- if I was casting a movie for the CIA, I'd put this guy in it, Director of the CIA, John Ratcliffe. where's John? John? See, he's undercover. He's here, but he's undercover. He's perfect. US Trade Representative, Jameson Grier, another busy one, huh? Jameson, good. And another one who's negotiating along with Scott and Jameson, he's negotiating all the time.

Donald Trump: He doesn't want to talk about it, he can't, he has no life. Howard Lutnick, Commerce. He has no life. And a very special person, a friend of mine for a long time. And she's doing an unbelievable job at small business, which is really big business. You know, when you add up all that small business, it's probably the biggest bank in the world, but she is really capable and doing a fantastic job, working with Linda McMahon also on the student loans, getting them paid up, Administrator Kelly Loeffler.

Donald Trump: Kelly, thank you very much. And we're also joined by some special Senators. Roger Marshall. Roger? Roger, you are a great guy. Whenever I have a problem, he's called, sir, don't worry about it. I said thanks, Roger. It's easy for you to say, Roger. But he always is so good. He's a good man. James Lankford.

Donald Trump: James, I saw you on television, you were fantastic on television. James was defending me on television, something that's not easy to do, but he did a good job. Thank you, James. And Markwayne Mullin. Markwayne, where are you? Don't ever fight Markwayne? Yep. Thank you, Markwayne. Don't ever fight him. He was a fighter.

Donald Trump: And Cindy Hyde-Smith is here. Cindy. Hi, Cindy. Wow. And we have representative -- thanks Cindy. You're doing great. I looked at your numbers. You're very popular. You don't need me to go out and campaign with you this year, huh, isn't that good? Representatives Mark Harris, Mary Miller, Gary Palmer, Marjorie Taylor Greene, Robert Aderholt, Jason Smith, Chris Smith, Tim Walberg and Josh Brecheen.

Donald Trump: Thank you all for being here. And we have some others, but I can't see them. I just can't. I cannot see them, so I'm going to get myself in trouble. They'll never vote for me again, Ben, that's the problem. You know, if you don't mention them. Hi, Mary, but Mary will. Thank you also to Senior Advisor Pastor Paula White, who has been so incredible.

Donald Trump: She's been right from the beginning, Paula, right? And we had like a 94 percent poll number. And I think Paula got it more than I got it. She's saying, no, I'm telling you, he's a good person. Well, we don't like him. We don't like him. I'm telling you. He's done more for us than anybody. Oh, OK. And she got us up to about 94 percent.

Donald Trump: And my old friends, they couldn't believe that I got that kind of a number. You understand. [Laughter] But you have done a great job. And Jenny Korn has done an unbelievable job. Jenny. And you know they work right out of the White House. They've never done that. That's never been done before. No other president allowed that.

Donald Trump: I think, you know, they say separation -- They say separation between church and state, they told me. I said all right, let's forget about that for one time. [Laughter] We said really the separation, I don't know, is that a good thing or a bad thing? I'm not sure. But whether they're separation or not, you guys are in the White House where you should be. And you're representing our country.

Donald Trump: And we're bringing religion back to our country. And uh, it's a big deal. And I want to say hello, John. The most talented man standing here today. He's one of the most successful artists. And uh, his song is one of the most favored by people of religion. That I can tell you, john. You've done a great job.

Donald Trump: I always say he's the husband of Paula White, but actually he's very successful. [Laughter] It's always -- that's always tough to live with, right, John? But not really because you have an incredible wife that you're proud of, right? That's good. Oh, he just gave her a kiss. [Laughter] That was the first time they've kissed in years. [Laughter] I'm only kidding.

Donald Trump: Great job, actually. The, uh, person that's been with me may be the longest and she's been just an incredible person, never asks for anything, never wants favors or gee, could I use your helicopter to get here or there, is named Alveda King, and she's here someplace. Is that -- hi Alveda. She was here. She was here before it was popular, before I had record numbers with the black vote.

Donald Trump: She was here long before I had record numbers, right? Alveda saw something.

Alveda King: Yes, sir! [Laughter]

Donald Trump: And she was here at the very, very beginning when we were polling on the low side with the black population. Now we're setting records with the black population. We got criminal justice reform done. We got the black colleges and universities. You know, I got that finance for. It was a very interesting story because for two or three years, I'd see these really great people like 50 of them or maybe a little more.

Donald Trump: They'd come up to Washington looking for money for historically black colleges and universities. And they'd come up and the first time was OK, I helped him get it. I got it for him, and that was it. Then the next year they came up and I said why are you up here? We took care of you. They said no, no, they make us come up every year.

Donald Trump: I said you got to be kidding. So we took care of them, speaker. We got them long term ten year financing, more money than they were asking for. [Audience member calls out "Thank you"] And I would say, I think I'm the most popular with those 50 people. They like me. They couldn't believe it because they were forced to come out.

Donald Trump: This is for 40 years. Every year they'd come up, you know that, Ben. They'd come up and they became -- some of them became friends of mine because they'd come up looking for money all the time. And I said we got to get you like some long term money. And I said to him the only bad thing is, is I'll probably never see you again.

Donald Trump: And largely, but I see a couple of them here, largely that happened. But I took care of them, but they never had to come up, so it was a big thing. We talked about it last night actually on television. Today, as the American people turn to God in prayer, we continue a tradition older than our independence itself.

Donald Trump: Nearly 250 years ago on June 12th, 1775, the Continental Congress appointed a day of fasting and prayer, so that Americans fighting for their liberty could seek the help of the Almighty. And when you look at that June 12th, 1775, so we have a very, very special day coming up. You know, we have a lot of them during this term.

Donald Trump: And interestingly, I had none of them had I not had a rigged election. Had the election not been rigged, I would have been out of here. I would have been gone. The radical left would have said we got rid of him finally. But no, now they have me for another four years. We talked about that. And -- and in the other four years, you know, I sort of said I got the Olympics to come in and I got the World Cup to come in. And I said, you know, the sad part is it's going to be in the would -- would be the third term.

Donald Trump: None of it came in during the -- what would be the normal, you know, the more normal way of doing it like counting the proper votes, etc., etc. and just going on. And I would have been -- I wouldn't have been president. But now, we end up with four years later and we have the 250 year anniversary and that will be June 12th, 250 years.

Donald Trump: And you have Flag Day, so there's something happening on Flag Day. That's my birthday, but. So you have 250 years in this term. You have the Olympics in this term. We have the Olympics going to Los Angeles. And we have the World Cup. And I was very instrumental in all three of them. They said would you do it because another president refused to call, refused.

Donald Trump: And they need it for the Olympics and the World Cup. They needed the support of the president. And that particular president refused to talk to them. He didn't want to talk to them. I don't know why exactly, but he didn't want to talk. So they said, could you talk? And so I talked. And I talked them into it. And we got those two.

Donald Trump: And we have 250 years, so this is going to be really four years of celebration, so get ready. And we're going to always bring God with us. We're going to bring God to those celebrations. We're not going to forget about God. In a letter to wife Abigail, John Adams wrote of his first National Day of Prayer.

Donald Trump: Millions will be upon their knees at once before their great creator imploring his forgiveness and blessing and asking for his favor on the American cause. Beautiful. Today, more than two and a half centuries later in the heart of a free and proud America, we rejoice that God answered those prayers. And I think God answered other prayers because he's put in an administration to run this country that's going to make you proud again.

Donald Trump: It's going to make you believe and believe more again. And we're going to have a country that's very strong. We're already in just 100 days. We're respected all over the world. Every -- every leader is calling, they want to have a meeting, appointments. They weren't calling so much. The last few years. They had no respect for our country.

Donald Trump: Our country was doing very, very poorly, as you know. Millions and millions of people pouring into our borders from -- from jails and mental institutions and gang members. It was a terrible situation. And yesterday, I don't know if Kristi Noem is here or Tom Homan, but yesterday we had the lowest safest border in history, 99.999. In other words, three people got in, three.

Donald Trump: And in the previous it was hundreds of thousands of people who were coming in. We had three people. And we have it locked down. But we are allowing people in, but they have to come in legally. So it's a big thing. So I think it's a very big thing. It's just so appropriate that here we are. So many things are happening so many great things.

Donald Trump: And we won't let countries rip us off anymore. You know, a lot of people like to talk about tariffs. Well, tariffs is exactly what they were doing for us, you know, when -- when you want to defend that. They're a beautiful thing for us. If you can use them, if you can get away with using them, it's going to make us very rich.

Donald Trump: And we'll be paying off debt. We'll be lowering your taxes very substantially. Because so much money will be taken in that we'll be able to lower your taxes even beyond the tax cut that you're going to be getting, hopefully, with the -- the big, beautiful bill. And so it's -- it's one of those things which just -- I think it's just a really amazing time.

Donald Trump: The spirit that we have in this country right now is greater than I've ever seen it before. And it started on November 5th when we won every swing state. We won the -- we won the popular vote by millions. We won every district. Think of this, the districts it was -- it was 2750 versus 505. And we got 312 electoral votes.

Donald Trump: Everyone said maybe he can get 270. We got 312. It was a great election, and it has just revitalized the country. And I think I can say one other thing that's to me really incredible that it can go so quickly. If you remember six months ago, prior to the election, we were unable to get people to join our military.

Donald Trump: We had a waiting list that was a mile long of empty spaces and we couldn't get anybody to join. We were -- we didn't know actually what to do. Now, I wasn't in the administration, but they didn't know what to do. And it was embarrassing to them frankly and it should be -- and that included police and firemen.

Donald Trump: You couldn't get people to join anything having to do with any of the military groups, any of the law enforcement groups, first responder groups. You couldn't get anybody to join. And as of yesterday, we had the largest number of recruits in the history of our country. Think of that. And the Army, Navy, Air Force, Marines, all of it, Coast Guard, all of them, they're full and we have a waiting list.

Donald Trump: And we're actually picking the ones we want and we're trying to take care of everybody. But you're picking the ones you want, and it's been amazing. And to think just six months ago, you were hearing that people weren't signing up. And that includes now our police force. Our police forces were really starving for people, and this includes our police forces.

Donald Trump: They're all filled up and full up and they're in great shape. It's amazing the turn. And mostly that spirit, you know, they have spirit. It's nothing else; they have spirit, they love our country again and we're making our country great. We're making our country greater than ever before. I created a historic White House faith office in the West Wing and that's going to be an office that's been very well.

Donald Trump: I see already you have a lot of people going back and forth and that's good. That's what we want, to defend and represent people of all faiths and their religious freedoms at home and abroad. But they're coming -- really, it's probably doubled the action in the White House. It's been amazing to watch and beautiful to watch.

Donald Trump: The White House can handle it. This important office will work to protect vulnerable women and children, strengthen the American family, promote the dignity of work and choice and education. And people that are in trouble can come in and they take care of them. Sometimes they'll send them to a doctor, sometimes they'll -- Paula does this and Jenny, others that are in the office and they're doing an amazing job, and I wanted them to have that office.

Donald Trump: Never happened before. I don't think that's ever happened before, right? People of faith have never been allowed in the White House. We'll probably be sued tomorrow because they're going to say church -- separation of church and state, can't do that, right. But we'll win. Pam will win that suit. She wins them.

Donald Trump: She -- ultimately, she wins, and she gets them. Sometimes they get a little -- a judge that's not so good, but she ultimately wins. That's what it's all about, right, Pam? I pardoned Americans of faith thrown in jail for praying in peaceful protest. We reinstated service members thrown out of the military over religious objections to Biden's vaccine mandate [Audience cheers]. We did a vaccine, but we didn't do a mandate.

Donald Trump: He did a mandate, threw them out if they didn't take it, can't do that. I signed an executive order to combat anti-Semitism and set up a DOJ task force to eradicate the anti-Christian bias. We've taken away a lot of -- you know what, let's sit down, please. I didn't even know you were standing. What an honor that you stood so long?

Donald Trump: Wow, that's a great honor. Thank you. Because I know if Biden were up here, you would have been seated, you might have never stood up [Laughter]. No, that's a great honor. I didn't realize it. I signed an executive order to combat anti-Semitism. It's a big thing, a big thing and I set up a DOJ task force, which is really a big thing.

Donald Trump: And Dan, you're going to be involved in it -- to eradicate anti-Christian bias. You haven't heard that, but there's an anti-Christian bias also. And in just a few moments, I'll also be signing an executive order creating a Presidential Commission on Religious Liberty, which is really why we're here more than any other reason.

Donald Trump: Many of the new commissioners are here with us, including people that have been with me from the beginning. The chairman is Texas Lieutenant Governor Dan Patrick, whose idea this was. And stand up, Dan, what a great guy, what a great political person. He's an amazing politician, Lieutenant Governor and he's a very a man of great religion.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much, Dan. As well as Dr. Ben Carson. Ben? I don't have to say much about Ben, I don't have to say much. He's been with me from the beginning. You know, he was campaigning against me originally. Can I tell that story, Ben? Do you mind? Are you sure you don't mind? Because he was campaigning.

Donald Trump: He was very effective, and he was going up in the polls. And he looked at me about three or four debates in and he said, you know, you're going to win by a lot, don't you? This was during 2016. And I said, what do you mean, Ben? What do you mean? You're campaigning. Don't say that, Ben, you're campaigning?

Donald Trump: You have a shot. He was a little bit behind, but it's pretty far -- far enough. But he said, you know you're going to win. These people can't beat you, nobody's going to be able to beat you. I said why is it? Because God is with you. I said that's nice. And he said it once again in the church. Remember that, Ben?

Donald Trump: Pulled me over and he said, remember what I told you, God is with you. And we went on to win -- three times we won. We won the first time [Audience cheers]. We did great the second time, we won the second time, everybody knows it, but we made it too big to rig the third time. Too big to -- they tried, they tried.

Donald Trump: So, I want to thank Ben who has been with me right from the beginning. You're an amazing person and you gave us a great recommendation in this young gentleman who's doing a fantastic job at HUD. Thank you very much, really good. Also, we have Dr. Phil McGraw. Where's Dr. Phil? Oh, you are so big. Come here, come here, Phil, come here.

Donald Trump: This guy. He came up, he wanted to do an interview and I knew him as a very -- I mean everybody sort of knows him, right? But he wanted -- he said, you know, they don't really understand the real Trump. I want to do it, and he did the nicest interview, talked about things that nobody ever asks me. And a lot of people watched it. I was a little surprised.

Donald Trump: He's got his own network, and he's become seriously rich. He said, I'll put it on Merit. I said what the hell is Merit. He said that's my network. I said, well, I did it as a favor for him, but it turned out to be a favor for me because so many people, millions and millions of people watched it. Would you like to say a few words or are you shy?

Phil McGraw: Oh, I'll speak.

Donald Trump: Let's go.

Phil McGraw: Mr. President. I can't tell you first off how proud I am to see religion coming back to the White House. God bless you -- God bless you for doing this. And let me tell you, it's not a popular thing to do in America right now. And Speaker Johnson is here, and you know he's a man of religion. But, you know, I've sat with President Trump with no cameras around, nobody listening, nobody watching, and I'm telling you this is a man of deep faith, a man of deep conviction [Audience cheers]. And this is a man that wants this country to have a heart and have religion and God bless America for giving us President Donald Trump.

Phil McGraw: And when nobody's listening and nobody's looking, this man cares about every single person in America, independent of race, color, creed, whatever.

Phil McGraw: And it comes from the heart with him. And I am proud to call him my president and God bless you, Mr. President, truly, God bless you, God bless you. And don't be so surprised when millions of people watch my interviews [Laughter].

Donald Trump: I'm just -- I'm very impressed.

Phil McGraw: When you -- it's tens of millions with me it's millions. You're a 10x whenever I talk to you.

Donald Trump: Thank you. Be careful.

Phil McGraw: And thank you for letting me be on this commission.

Donald Trump: We love it. Be careful. I asked him please be careful, Phil. We don't want you falling. Because when you fall it doesn't work. That's been proven, that's been proven. But he doesn't fall, he doesn't know how to fall. I also want to look at Bishop Robert Barron, who has been so great. Bishop, thank you very much.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. Thank you. Great job. Pastor Paula White, if you would stand up, Paula, please. Thank you very much. Rabbi Meir Soloveichik. Rabbi? How are you, Rabbi? Thank you very much, Rabbi. Good job. Kelly Shackelford. Nice seeing you, Kelly. Ryan Anderson. Thank you, Ryan. These are great people.

Donald Trump: Kerry Bowler. Hi. Hi, Kerry. Attorney General Pam Bondi, a star. This is a star. Thanks Pam. That's great. Secretary Scott Turner. Scott, thank you. As well as a man, he has really an excuse, it's Cardinal Dolan and Cardinal Dolan is in Rome. I just left Rome. It's a beautiful service, but he's in Rome having to vote for the next pope.

Donald Trump: I got extremely upset. I said you can't do that. This is much more important. [Laughter] He actually was very -- he was actually torn if you want to know the truth, which is pretty good. [Laughter] But he -- he's on the council too, and he's a great guy. And I've known him for a long time. I'd like to ask if I might to have Dan Patrick, one of the most highly respected men in politics.

Donald Trump: We worked on something having to do with your governor. We worked on something having to do with school choice. And we knocked it over the fences first too really. And that's the ultimate school choice in Texas. And he's been fighting for it for years. And we got it over the line pretty easily as it turned out.

Donald Trump: So please come up and speak. Thank you.

Dan Patrick: Thank you, Mr. President for making this happen.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Dan Patrick: Mr. President, thank you for uh, establishing what I think will be one of the most important presidential commissions in history. Um, it will be one of your great legacies of which you will have many. We have in this country -- we have a magnificent inheritance of religious liberty. And every believer today, no matter your faith, has a claim to that inheritance.

Dan Patrick: We were a nation birthed by prayer, founded on the Judeo-Christian ethic to ensure that people could worship as they wished without interference from government. But that is no longer the case. The last administration attacked people of faith for four years. There's a saying that no one should get between a doctor and a patient.

Dan Patrick: I think we would say no one should get between God and a believer. No one should get between God and those seeking him. There are so many people in this country, they may even have a family, they may have a job with a lot of employees, but they're alone. And the only person they can turn to is someone who's not listening, but they can turn to God because he is their refuge, and he is their wellspring of hope.

Dan Patrick: And no one, no government, no school district at any level of government or in the private sector should say to someone, you can't pray here or where. That is our right. That is our right. And Mr. President, you have given us an incredible committee. I'm a little overwhelmed. I feel like a pair of brown shoes in a room full of tuxedos, if you want to know.

Dan Patrick: These are high caliber, the foremost faith leaders, scholars thinkers that you've put together. So on this day, Mr. President, on this day, you are restoring the hopes and the prayers of millions upon millions of believers of all faiths. There's never been a president who has invoked the name of Jesus more than you.

Dan Patrick: Right! There has never been a president who says, yes, I love Jesus, but I love people of all faiths as Dr. Phil said. You have a heart for every American. And you're showing that today. Um, I'm proud to represent you as chair, proud to have Ben Carson as our vice chair. And every member of this committee, we will serve you, we will serve the people and most importantly, we will serve God.

Dan Patrick: Thank you, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Thank you. Thank you very much. Beautiful. Thank you very much, Dan, beautiful. You're going to do an incredible job. He came to me with this idea called, Paula called, Jenny called all of us and it just came together. And we'll be adding some incredible names. Some of the people that are here right now that have been with me from the beginning, some sitting right over there, my -- my friends, my pastors and ministers and rabbis.

Donald Trump: We'll be adding quite a few. It's very important. And they'll be largely -- when -- when they can, we're going to be using the White House. We have plenty of rooms, so we'll be using the White House to have some of your meetings. And it's a -- it's a real honor to have you, Dan. You've been so respected for so long.

Donald Trump: As we defend religious freedom in America, we're also standing up against religious persecution around the world. With us today are the parents of Eden Alexander, the last living American held hostage by Hamas. Thank you. Thank you. And we don't know how he's doing really do we? We don't know. We think we know.

Donald Trump: And hopefully, positive. Two months ago we were pretty sure, and it looked like he was getting out, but they've toughened up a little bit. And uh, it's a terrible thing. I know what you're going through. A New Jersey boy, Eden moved to Israel in 2022, and was taken hostage on the vicious October 7th attack on Jewish people.

Donald Trump: And now I will tell you that's an attack that would have never happened because the money was given by Iran to Hamas. Iran had no money when I was president. They were out of money. They were bust. They had no money. They weren't giving it to Hamas. They weren't giving it to Hezbollah. They weren't giving it to anybody because they didn't have any money.

Donald Trump: They were just about bust. And in fact, I put sanctions on last night. Any oil that anybody takes from Iran is not allowed to do business in the United States of America. Which is what I did the last time. That drove them into a very bad state. And they were ready to make a deal, except for the election, it didn't turn out the way it should have.

Donald Trump: It was a rigged election, and we might as well say it. But it was totally rigged. It was disgraceful. I think it's going to go down as one of the biggest. We wouldn't have -- think of it, your son would be home. You wouldn't have had October 7th. You wouldn't have had the Ukraine-Russian horror show that's going on that we're trying to stop, where 5000 young Russians, mostly Russians and Ukrainian soldiers are being killed every single week, 5000 a week.

Donald Trump: So think of those parents. You know, they are from Russia. They're from Ukraine for the most part and other people, but for the most part. And that would have never happened. It was never going to happen. No chance of it happening. Putin and I talked all the time. He knew it wasn't going to happen. I told him it wasn't going to happen.

Donald Trump: And through gross incompetence it did take place. And it's a horrible thing. And you wouldn't have had inflation. Think of it, you wouldn't have had inflation. You wouldn't have had the horror show at Afghanistan, which I think is what gave Putin the resolve to go in and do what he did. Because he looked at how badly we got out.

Donald Trump: We lost 13 soldiers, 42 were horribly injured. Nobody ever talks about them. The legs, the arm, the arms, the face, horribly injured. That would have never happened, not even possible to have happened. And we would have been out before he was out. I was the one that got it down to the 5000, but we were going to keep Bagram, the big Air force base, which is one hour away from where China makes its nuclear weapon.

Donald Trump: It's what they do, they make their nuclear missiles and one hour away from Bagram. And I said you can't give up Bagram. They gave up Bagram. And right now, China occupies Bagram. So sad. So crazy. One of the biggest air bases in the world among the strongest and longest runways anywhere in the world, one hour away from where China makes its nuclear missiles.

Donald Trump: It would have been great to have, but we were keeping it, but they ran out of there like -- like nobody can believe. And I think Putin saw that and he said, wow, this is a great time. I can go get it. Because it was the apple of his eye. I could always see that. I talked to him for hours. It was the apple of his eye.

Donald Trump: But I said Vladimir don't even think about it. And he wouldn't have thought about it. But when he saw that, I think that's the reason actually he gained some additional courage, and he went in. Adi and Yael, I cannot imagine your pain. I just can't, Adi and Yael. But we're all alongside of you. We stand by you.

Donald Trump: And we're going to -- we're going to do everything possible in a very short period of time. You know, as you know, things are heating up there. I've gotten a lot of hostages out. We were getting nobody out, a lot of them are out. But they want to do it as slowly as possible because they use them as pawns.

Donald Trump: It's a horrible thing, but we're working very, very hard to -- to save your son. We have news coming out both good and bad, but we're working very hard. And I have many parents seeing me. I was with hostages, ten hostages I got out. They came about three weeks ago to the Oval Office, right here. And they said to me, uh, it was just terrible.

Donald Trump: And I said interestingly, because you know, you see there's always some heart in somebody you think. I said, so you've seen like hundreds of Hamas, right? Yes, yes. They lived in a pipe fit. They didn't really live in a tunnel. They lived in a pipe that was this big. They could barely breathe. It's amazing when one was in for 305 days, one was in for over 500 days.

Donald Trump: But I got him out and through very tough -- very tough, the whole thing was very tough. I said, did you ever see any love or kindness? Like did any of these people that were guarding you, the Hamas people, did they ever look at you and say don't worry, you'll be all right? Or did they ever look at you and say I'm going to sneak you a little extra bread or a little extra something for eating?

Donald Trump: Did they ever give you any hope? He says no, not one. I said you mean -- so not one person looked at you during your one and a half years in there. One was there longer than that. One was there a little shorter than that, different times. I said not one? No. They used to give us a smack on the face. They would never do that.

Donald Trump: They -- not one. So, there wasn't one person out of hundreds that said, I'm going to sneak you a little bread. I'm going to make sure you get home safely, not one. And that amazed me because in some really bad situations, you'd have some people like that. You'd have some people like that, but not one. I was -- and they were telling the truth.

Donald Trump: I mean, they were telling the absolute truth. And when I talked to them about the way they suffered, it was incredible. In fact, I'd say four or five looked very, very solid and normal and four or five looked like they'd been through hell. But they were all through the same hell. And I looked at them, I said, I can't imagine what you've gone through, but we're going to do what we have to do. But I asked him a question.

Donald Trump: One was wearing 59 and I said what does 59 represent? That's how many are left. I said, all right, we'll get them out. I said are they all living? No, 24 are living. I said 24? He said, yeah, 24, only 24. So, 24 out of the 59 are living, and they knew because they had just gotten out. And what are the others?

Donald Trump: The others are all dead. But I spoke to the parents of the others and, as much as you want your beautiful boy out, they want their beautiful boy -- and for the most part, as you know, boys, young boys for the most part -- but they want him out so badly. I said is he OK? No, he's dead. But they want him out so badly, almost as much as if he were alive.

Donald Trump: It was an amazingly sad thing to see, the level of love for the children. And they didn't even view them as dead. They needed the body of their son, and they knew they were dead. But think of that, out of 59, you had 24 that were living. And now I understand it's not even that number. And young people don't die, they're very resilient.

Donald Trump: You know, you don't have young people die. Young people are killed. Old people die, they can't take it, they couldn't breathe. In some cases, they had them in a pipe closed at both ends. If you're claustrophobic, it's a big problem, and many people are claustrophobic. But young people live, old people die, but these were young people that were dying.

Donald Trump: So, you know what took place. As we bow our heads this beautiful day in the Rose Garden on the National Day of Prayer, we once again trust our lives to our liberties and our happiness to the hands of the creator who gave them to us and who loves us -- who loves us. Think of it, where you are now and so beautiful.

Donald Trump: But you're -- it's so nice because here you are in this unbelievable setting, I think no setting like it in the world. When you add up the importance, I take people into the Oval Office and the biggest people, foreign leaders, princes, kings, queens and presidents and prime ministers, and a couple of dictators, I guess.

Donald Trump: They don't say that, they say, no, I'm a prime minister or I'm a president. And I say no, you're a dictator, but that's OK. But I bring them into the Oval Office, and they just want to look, they can't believe it. It's the most important. And they all have beautiful offices. They are in some cases the wealthiest people in the world, in some cases the most powerful people in the world.

Donald Trump: But they go into the Oval Office, and here you are right outside the Oval Office, and in one way, you're so lucky. But in another way, you're all fighting for people that you know are not so fortunate right now, because of people like your beautiful son, people that are being really tortured because the level of anger and meanness thrown off by human -- the human being.

Donald Trump: You know, they say the lions and the tigers aren't nearly as vicious as the human because they only kill for food. They kill for food -- they don't kill, they kill for food. The human being kills for sport. They try and destroy people, killing or otherwise, for sport and we've got some bad ones out there, really bad ones.

Donald Trump: We have some bad ones here. We have some bad ones in this government, but we picked good ones, but we had some bad ones in the last four years. The things that they did and the things they didn't do. Your son shouldn't have been there for long, that would have been so much easier to solve immediately instead of years later and it should have never happened.

Donald Trump: October 7th, remember, would have never happened. So, as we bow our heads on this beautiful day, once again we have to trust our God, because our God knows exactly where we're going, what we're doing. He knows every inch of our life. And may He continue to hear our prayers to guide our steps and build up our beloved nation to even greater heights.

Donald Trump: We're in the process of doing some great things. I get criticized no matter what. But I just go forward because everyone knows we're right. All we're doing is what they've done to us for 40 years. But we're doing it bigger and better. That's the only thing we're doing. And now I'd like to ask our faith leaders, including some of the ones that will be our faith leaders on the council, to come up, if you will, the ministers, rabbis.

Donald Trump: Please come up. Imams who I got to know in Michigan. I loved them. They were great by the way. They said we don't want to die. I said, do you want to die? They said we don't want to die. They said what about the 38 virgins? They say that's nonsense. We don't know anything about it. And we won the state of Michigan, Speaker, by a tremendous -- and we had tremendous support.

Donald Trump: But we have some people in the audience and, Ralph, come on up. Get up here, Ralph. If you see anybody just get them up here because these are people that have been just unbelievable supporters of what we're doing and doing it right. And I'd like to start by asking Paula White to lead us in prayer to start off.

Donald Trump: And each person is going to say a few words and a prayer. Thank you.

Paula White: Thank you, sir. Thank you, President Trump. You are truly the greatest champion of faith we've ever had. Can someone say Amen? Just a few words -- what a sacred and historic moment to stand in the Rose Garden and the people's House. And President Trump has graciously welcomed us in, surrounded by leaders of faith and government from every background and every tradition to honor what anchors us all, and that is prayer.

Paula White: Ae are here because we understand the power of prayer. Today is not about symbolism, it is about substance. And we gather because we believe in this power of prayer to bring peace in the storm, clarity in chaos and confusion, unity in division and strength in weakness. Prayer is not a religious act; it's a national necessity.

Paula White: And as senior advisor to President Trump of the newly created and historic White House Faith Office, I do carry a great responsibility, to ensure that the voice of faith is not only heard but also honored at the highest levels of government. And under President Donald Trump's leadership faith has not been pushed aside, it has been brought back to where it always belongs and that is center.

Paula White: We'd be here forever, but I can tell you a few things -- in just the last 100 days over 1,000 faith leaders have come into the White House.

Paula White: Think about that. We've had an Iftar dinner, a Passover and Easter, many briefings, listening sessions, working sessions. And they're not here for ceremony, but they're here for collaboration, creating and crafting policy and sharing their hearts. The present House of Faith Office is, as he said, in the West Wing.

Paula White: That is historical, never been done. With centers of faith launched across every federal department and agency to work on eight initiatives, many of which have already been highlighted. But our number one is to always defend religious liberty, combating anti-Semitic, anti-Christian and any additional forms of religious bias.

Paula White: Promoting foster care and adoption in partnership with faith-based entities. Then we have brain health and fostering minds and flourishing minds. The president has provided us with an incredible staff, and I've got to brag on them for one second. Jenny Corn, our faith director, please stand. Jackson Lane, our faith engagement, please stand.

Paula White: Martin Marks, our Jewish engagement, please stand. Cassie Dolan, our policy advisor, please stand. Dave Donaldson, our grants coordinator, please stand. And that is just here in the White House under the Executive Office of the President. He says faith matters. And he knows the heart of the American people.

Paula White: Executive orders were signed to end the weaponization of government against people of faith, including parents, traditional Catholics that were spied on by the FBI, Pro-Life advocates. Protections were restored for service members and healthcare workers that stood firm for their beliefs. And my iPad broke, so I'm making sure that I stick to everything and go over the notes.

Paula White: Sorry for the licking of the fingers. And America is once again seen as a moral and a spiritual leader on the global stage. This I can say unequivocally and I'm going to pray is the fruit of a president who welcomes God into this -- into the very center of decision making. Now let's pray. Father God, we come before you in the name of Jesus with open hearts and a surrendered spirit, humbled by your mercy and grateful for this moment.cThank you for the nation.

Paula White: Thank you for your hand upon America. And thank you for every faith leader and leader and their voice that is gathered here today. We lift up President Donald Trump, our president and my friend. Cover him. Keep him. Surround him with divine supernatural protection, let every assignment of the enemy roll off of him, and every purpose of heaven be fulfilled in him.

Paula White: Grant him wisdom beyond human understanding and capability. And give him divine dreams, visions. Show him. We call for a spiritual reset in our nation, a return to what is right, a reverence for what is sacred, a realignment with your divine purpose. Let your favor rest upon every righteous leader. Let justice flow through our government.

Paula White: Let healing go to every broken place. And we pray this boldly. And we pray this strong. We pray this by faith, and I pray this in the name which is above every name, the name of Jesus. And everybody said, Amen.

Donald Trump: Great, thank you, Paula, great job. Could I ask Dan to come on up and John come up? Dan, come on up here, please. You've got to be up here. Come on, Phil. Who knew Phil was a man of great religion? Who knew this? I watched him so long. I can't believe it. I would love to have you come up representing your religion.

Donald Trump: Right there representing. You're so highly respected, please come up. Mary, come on up. And I'd like to have this whole first row come up, if you would. We have plenty of room, even if we go back. Mike, come on up. Marco. Scott. Pete. Pam. Oh, look at Howard. Okay, that's great. [Audience member speaks off-mic, inaudibly]. That's great.

Donald Trump: Marco is doing such a good job. Get a pier please. Because somebody's keeping him, somebody's helping him. Come on up. I want to thank you. Marjorie, come on up here. Marjorie.

Unidentified: Pastor Maldonado?

Donald Trump: Where is Pastor Maldonado?

Unidentified: Right there.

Donald Trump: Pastor, come on up, come on up.

Unidentified: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: Yes, come on.

Unidentified: [Off-mic] Thank you.

Donald Trump: These are people that have been from the beginning.

Unidentified: Mark Burns.

Donald Trump: Of course, yes. Come on up, Mark, and anybody else feels that they should be here. Where is Gary? Gary Bauer?

Unidentified: Um-hum.

Donald Trump: Is Gary here?

Unidentified: Yes.

Donald Trump: Come on, Gary.

Unidentified: Gary Bauer.

Donald Trump: Gary won't take up too much room.

Unidentified: Yeah. [Laughter]

Donald Trump: I had Ohio State here and I had yesterday the Philadelphia Eagles here. So they took up a little more room than Gary. I got very good at this. Good, Gary, nice to see you. And all of you, I just really appreciate everything you've -- everything you've done. Yes, Jenny.

Unidentified: Rodney --

Donald Trump: That would've been terrible.

Unidentified: Rodney --

Donald Trump: Rodney, come on up. Come on up. This is built to hold a lot of people, don't worry. [Laughter] Thank you.

Unidentified: Pastor Brad and Rachel Knight.

Donald Trump: That's great. So I could ask please Rabbi Levi Shemtov to come up and say a few words. Rabbi, please.

Levi Shemtov: Thank you, Mr. President. Almighty one and only God, who was, is and always will be, who created us all and everything that we see, we seek your grace and humbly ask for your blessing. Our nation and our world ache as disaster, conflicts and division rage. We pray for the president as he works so hard. And we ask that you please help him succeed for the benefit of all our nation and the world.c More than once you shielded him from the scopes and designs of evil people intending to do him harm, and miraculously, spared his very life -- Yes! For which he has humbly and publicly offered you thanks, declaring his own strength and faith in you, God.

Levi Shemtov: Please continue to give him and his family strength and safety. And once all counsel is offered, the wisdom to discern what is right to follow that course and encourage others to do the same. Please bless all the good people of the United States, especially our leaders, the speaker of the House, cabinet officials and congressional leaders, and specifically, the military who serve stateside and abroad that they may defend their lives and values as they vigorously protect the world from emerging threats and sinister forces.

Levi Shemtov: Please keep them safe and favor them with courage and vigor. And please, we pay, watch over our fellow American Edan Alexander and the other hostages still languishing with him in Gaza at the hands of the savage Hamas terrorists, that they and even those who have sadly not survived be returned quickly and without further pain to the loving family and nation eagerly awaiting them.

Levi Shemtov: As a Jew, I say simply thank you, Mr. President -- Yes! For inviting me to offer a prayer on behalf of my people, the Jewish people here in America, in our ancestral homeland, the Holy Land, Israel and all over the world in the religious manner and faith which I Choose to practice. Amen. The real friendship shown by you toward Israel and the Jewish people and though that might be lesser known by your Father before, you will long be remembered as being of historic proportions.

Levi Shemtov: We are a resilient nation and wish no one ill. And we will, with your help, O God, endure and prevail. Once again. We have found great opportunity here in America, a country we love dearly and to which we continuously strive to contribute significantly. Hear the prayers of those waiting for your blessing of children.

Levi Shemtov: And help the president and the leaders of our nation navigate efforts to help them. Yes! Light will always defeat darkness even if it takes some time to realize. Allow us to counter antisemitism with an informed and robust semitism, a renewed and strengthened sense of Jewish identity and purpose, for we are in the Land of the Free and the Home of the Brave.

Levi Shemtov: And finally, dear God, please help us find harmony here at home. Even as we vigorously debate the important issues and defend the rights of those who wish to speak in peace to say their piece, let us remain mindful of those timeless words of the Lubavitcher Rebbe, Rabbi Menachem Mendel Schneerson of sacred memory who taught that the best way to bring together two feuding sides is to focus how they are actually all on the same side.

Levi Shemtov: As we are one society, one nation, living under you, God, in whom we trust, guided by your hand and your will, ultimately indivisible with liberty and justice for all. And may we usher in the long awaited time your prophets have promised of peace and understanding between peoples, kindness and grace period no more war or conflict with the coming of Moshiach, our righteous redeemer soon in our day.

Levi Shemtov: Amen. Amen. Thank you. Thank you very, very much. Thank you.

Donald Trump: Mike, please.

Mike Johnson: Sure. Mr. President, it was in 1952 that the Reverend Billy Graham took 40,000 Americans to the East steps of the Capitol and petitioned congress to establish this day, the National Day of Prayer. It didn't take long. It was two days later, a unanimous vote in the House of Representatives. Congress worked together well, because he knew that priority, they knew we're a nation of faith.

Mike Johnson: It's in our DNA. We are one nation under God, as the president said. Thank you for your leadership, sir. Let me pray. Heavenly Father, thank you so much for the friends and the faithful gathered here in the Rose Garden in this beautiful place. We thank you for your extraordinary blessings upon our nation, almost 250 years now, as we near the anniversary of this grand experiment in self-governance that you've given us. God, we are reminded of the admonitions of the Founding Fathers, our first president, George Washington, who reminded us that of all dispositions and habits which lead to political prosperity, religion and morality are indispensable supports.

Mike Johnson: They understood, God, that we had your favor because we understood our place before you, that our rights did not derive from government, but from you, and that those inalienable rights, inalienable rights cannot be taken away. So Father, we commit our nation to you. We ask you for wisdom, discernment and stamina for the president for the Vice President, JD Vance, for everyone in the cabinet and all the leaders in congress, and all these faith leaders here assembled in this garden and all the Americans around the -- around the country who look to you for guidance who trust you for your protection and who humbly bow before you and ask for your guidance and your blessing as we continue to bless you.

Mike Johnson: We ask and pray, and I believe this all, in Jesus name, amen. [Audience members reply "Amen"]

Donald Trump: Thank you, Mike. Thank you, Mike. Bishop Robert Barron, please. Bishop?

Robert Barron: Thank you. Well, thank you very much, Mr. President, for the formation of this commission, which I think is of extraordinary significance for our country. And thank you to so many of the top leaders of our country who are here, which show the priority you give to this very important theme. And with that let us pray.

Robert Barron: Heavenly Father, Sovereign King, we bless you, we praise you and we thank you for all your benefits to our country. We know that the rights we enjoy to life, to liberty, to the pursuit of happiness are given not by government or popular consensus, but by you. We acknowledge, Lord, that since just law is grounded in moral law and moral law in eternal law, we are indeed a Nation under God.

Robert Barron: Yes! We praise you especially today for religious liberty, which has been reverenced from the very beginning of our Republic as our first freedom. We ask that you might give us the grace to preserve it and strengthen it. Oh God to whom every human power is subject, we beg you to bless our president as he exercises the prerogatives of his high office.

Robert Barron: May he strive always to please you in what he says and does. And may he govern under the direction of your Providence. And may he in his deliberations and decisions always be particularly mindful of those who suffer and those who are most in need. Gracious Lord, look kindly too upon the people of our great nation that we might be architects of justice and makers of peace, that we might indeed be prosperous and strong, but above all, righteous and docile to your will.

Robert Barron: We make these prayers in the name of Jesus whose resurrection from the dead we celebrate this Easter season and who is Lord forever and ever, amen. Amen.

Donald Trump: Good job. Thank you very much. I'd like to ask Imam Habash to come up please. Imam, thank you.

Walid Habash: Well, greetings everyone and happy Thursday. Let us pray. Today's a great day, made even more memorable by this event.

Walid Habash: [ AI Transcript in Arabic and AI Translation: "In the name of God, the most gracious, the most merciful"]    

Walid Habash: In the name of God, the entirely merciful, the especially merciful, O God, the source of peace, the bestower of wisdom, the one who is near to all, who call upon you with sincerity. We pause and turn to you with hearts of humble and gratitude and hope. Bless and guide our nation, our leaders, our service members and their families.

Walid Habash: Guide us to the straight path, the path of those whom you have blessed, not the path of those who incur anger nor of those who go astray. Fill our hearts with hope that does not waver, faith that does not falter and compassion that conquers fear. Bestow upon our leaders, discerning minds, courageous hearts and a commitment to justice, mercy, peace and righteousness.

Walid Habash: Despair not of the mercy of God, surely God is the most forgiving, the most merciful. Fill the hearts of the weary with your mercy, he'll the wounds of division among us, O God of justice and compassion. Remember, all who suffer from conflict and oppression, strengthen the mothers who grieve, uplift the father who despair, and shelter the children who yearn for peace.

Walid Habash: O Sustainer of the Universe, grant us vision to see a globe freed from hatred and injustice, and grant us the strength to strive for it with humility and perseverance. Remind us, O God, that through patience and perseverance with certainty of hope, your help is near verily with hardship comes ease. Unite us as one nation committed to serve one another with dignity, respect and steadfast hope in your mercy.

Walid Habash: Truly God, you are the listener of supplication, the one who responds to the call of the caller when they call upon you.

Walid Habash: [ AI Transcript in Arabic and AI Translation: "And our final supplication is that all praise is due to God, Lord of the Worlds."]       

Walid Habash: Amen. Amen.

Donald Trump: Fantastic. Thank you, bishop. That was fantastic. Uh, Bishop Kelvin Cobaris, please.

Kelvin Cobaris: Let us bow our heads in prayer. Heavenly Father, Eternal God, we gather in your majestic and presence today, grateful for the blessings and freedom and peace that you have bestowed upon each and every one of us and this great nation. We thank you that as we gather today in solitude in the serenity of this Rose Garden, we stand to lift up your name and pray God that as we lift our hearts and voices, we pray seeking your divine grace and guidance.

Kelvin Cobaris: And we humbly come before you today acknowledging our shortcomings and asking you to forgive us of all our sins. We pray today for the United States of America. We pray for our president, President Donald John Trump. We thank you that while the enemy has used many attempts to threaten his life and his existence, that Father, you saved him by your grace and for your purpose to stand, to represent and to save America.

Kelvin Cobaris: Yes! I pray today that you put your arms around him and his family, that you lift them up and strengthen them. Yes! I pray for our speaker of the House. I pray for every cabinet member, everyone that's involved with this administration, that Father, despite the threats, despite the different things that come from the devices of the enemy, that they will stand fearless, that they would stand strong in fervor knowing that if God is before us, he's more than the world against us. So Father, I pray for the United States of America, that in the midst of division, in the midst of calamity, in the midst of confusion, that Father, your love and your name would be lifted up. And that you would bind us together with cords that cannot be broken.

Kelvin Cobaris: And that once again we would be the United States of America. For it is united that we stand and divided that we fall. And by your grace, you will lift us up and you will keep us strong. So we pray that thine is the kingdom, the power and the glory forever, and that your will would be done on Earth as it is in Heaven.

Kelvin Cobaris: And we pray all of these blessings in the magnanimous matchless name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ, God's people said, amen. Amen. Amen.

Donald Trump: Fantastic. Thank you. Thank you very much. That was something, bishop. You're something. So thank you all. This has been an incredible day. I'm going to now ask the musicians who are so wonderful and talented and loyal to our country to conclude the celebration by leading us in two more songs. And I will then simultaneously begin the process of signing the commission and signing the commissioners to join me. Everyone who's not on the stage that's a part of it, please come up. And I just want to say this was a great honor.

Donald Trump: This was a great day. We could not have asked for more beautiful weather. That's for sure. And I want to thank you all for being here. We're bringing back religion in our country, and we're bringing it back, as I say, bigger and better and stronger than ever before. Thank you all very much. Musicians, please.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.

Unidentified: Ladies and gentlemen, please enjoy Great Are You, Lord followed by Amazing Grace.

Note: [Musical presentation]

Unidentified: Ladies and gentlemen, please take your seats. Thank you.

Note: [An executive order is signed.]

Donald Trump: That's great, everybody.

Unidentified: Thank you, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: If you want we will all come back into the Oval, come back into the Oval. Just walk off the stage.

Unidentified: Can I have one, Mr. President?

Donald Trump: Yes, that sounds like --

Unidentified: Thank you. That's pretty cool.

Donald Trump: Oh, that's fun. That's what it sounded like. I love that voice. What a great speech. Thank you so much.

Unidentified: Thank you, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Thank you, everybody, very much.

Unidentified: Thank you, Mr. President.