Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-roundtable-first-responders-kerrville-texas-july-11-2025

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you very much everybody. Well, this is a tough one. And we -- just -- we just were making a little tour of the area. It's hard to believe the devastation. Trees that are 100 years old just ripped out of the ground. I've never seen anything like it. I've seen a lot of bad ones.

Donald Trump: I've gone to a lot of hurricanes, a lot of tornadoes. I've never seen anything like this. This is a -- this is a bad one. We just visited with incredible families that uh, I mean, look, they've been devastated. They lost their child or two children. And uh, just hard to believe what -- I've never seen anything like it. A little narrow river that becomes a monster.

Donald Trump: And that's what happened. But the first lady and I are here in Texas to express the love and support and the anguish of our entire nation in the aftermath of this really horrific and deadly flood. Nobody has any idea how and why a thing like this could happen. It's uh, and by the way, I have to tell you the people here first responders, the sheriff's office, all of the police, law enforcement, they've done an unbelievable job.

Donald Trump: And in speaking to the parents, they said everybody has been so professional from the governor to the Senators all the way down to the local people on the site that really are a little bit used to this. But they've been looking at this for years, but in much smaller doses and a much, much smaller doses 12 years ago.

Donald Trump: And then in 1932, they had a real bad one, but that bad one was half of what this was. But I was speaking to some of the great people in the town. And they said, no. Every year we get a little bit, but it was like a little bit of a flood, right. You were telling me. And it was just a flood, we got used to it. We had people and we took care of it. And this year it was -- it was like what's going on, right?

Donald Trump: So all across the country, Americans hearts are shattered. I had to be here as president. The first lady wanted to be here. And all the beautiful souls. And we're filled with grief and devastation of this and the loss of life. And unfortunately, they're still looking. They're still looking. There's a lot of missing children, possibly, mostly.

Donald Trump: We don't know, but they're still looking. And they'll find everybody. But it's not an easy thing. You would think it would be easy. It's very tough. I looked at what they're going through, what they have to do. But dozens and dozens of precious children taken from us with such -- I looked at the pictures of almost all of them, and it's terrible.

Donald Trump: Following a torrential downpour, the worst that anyone's ever seen, the Guadalupe River rose 26ft in less than 45 minutes. And I've even heard it went well over 30ft. There's one story that one person said it had to be 60ft at one moment. This is like a giant, giant wave in the Pacific Ocean that the best surfers in the world would be afraid to surf.

Donald Trump: And it unleashed a catastrophic flooding as the most -- most residents were asleep in their beds. Very dark evening. The waters claimed at least 135, 140 lives. They're getting that count. But the count that they don't have is how many are still missing. There's a lot of lives. A lot of young angels. At the girls Christian summer camp, known as Camp Mystic, a legendary camp, a camp that people would want to go to from all over the country.

Donald Trump: People, parents, they come, and they would stay with their children. They'd stay in other cabins just to be with their children, but a legendary place. They were there because they loved God. And as we grieve this unthinkable tragedy, we take comfort in the knowledge that God has welcomed those little, beautiful girls into his comforting arms in heaven, and we believe that, have to believe that, and we do. And we lost some wonderful people beyond the little girls.

Donald Trump: We lost some very brave men and women that tried to save the girls. As our nation, we mourn for every single life that was swept away in the flood and we pray for the families that are left behind. It's amazing, the incredible spirit from those families. I don't know. I don't even know how they do it. But moments ago, Melania and I spent a lot of time I'm with them.

Donald Trump: That's why we're a little late. I think this was a good reason to be late, frankly, and we just gave our warmest condolences. But you say to yourself, how do you give condolences, how do you do that to a young person that three days ago was here, four days ago was here, and vibrant and now is no longer here?

Donald Trump: The search for the missing continues. The people that are doing it are unbelievable people, that you couldn't get better people than this anywhere. Kristi, right? No, anywhere in the world, you couldn't get better people and they're doing the job like I don't think anybody else could, frankly. And I want to thank them.

Donald Trump: I want to thank all of these great first responders who raced into very grave danger. We have some people that were incredible. The single Coast Guard rescue crews saved an incredible 169 children at Camp Mystic, 169, and the camp staff was also incredibly courageous. Are those Coast Guard people around here someplace?

Donald Trump: Because I hear some incredible people and I actually, Scott Ruskin, is he around?

Kristi Noem: He's not here right now, sir, but he will be here later and I will be presenting him with some --

Donald Trump: Oh, OK. Well, you let him know.

Kristi Noem: I'll let him know.

Donald Trump: And John Dunn, the owner of the Hunt Store, was a flood. Where are you? OK, good. We spoke a little while ago and it sort of -- John was telling me some stories about that store and it was just really amazing.

John Dunn: Yes, Mr. President. First, let me correct, I was the owner of the Hunt Store from 2013 till April of last year, where I actually sold the store to Haley and Bebe Lehrman, who were excellent operators and there on the ground right now in Hunt, leading the effort there, together with the fire department, the churches, the schools, what have you.

Donald Trump: OK.

John Dunn: And they're doing a phenomenal job.

Donald Trump: Good job.

John Dunn: My role in it is, seller finance the deal and --

Donald Trump: You going to bring it back?

John Dunn: I'm absolutely going to bring it back.

Donald Trump: And the walls are up, the two walls are up and you're going to --

John Dunn: There's belief out there that it was a total loss. It's not. A gentleman by the name of Larry Graham put up some incredible walls in 1973, and he's a great engineer and those walls are still standing.

Donald Trump: Save the walls.

John Dunn: Save the walls.

Donald Trump: OK.

John Dunn: And the goal is, and I think we can get it done between Haley, Bebe, myself and some outside help that we're going to be getting, I think we're going to get it reopened very quickly.

Donald Trump: Good.

John Dunn: I think it's important to get it open quickly because once we do the community can get back to a sense of normalcy. I think it'll be good for the community. I think it'll accelerate the recovery process. There's a lot that has to be done, but I'm impressed and very pleased with the resources that I think are going to become available through the conversations with Chip Roy, Governor Abbott's office and others that we will get it done quickly.

John Dunn: Yes, sir.

Donald Trump: Thanks, John. Good luck with it. OK. I'm sure you will. The search for the missing is continuing, as you know. And today, I especially want to thank all of these incredible people from the Coast Guard and you'll give my regards in particular to some of the people we mentioned. Every American should be inspired by what's taken place during this short period of time.

Donald Trump: And I want to thank Governor Abbott. He's an amazing guy. We come very, very close politically and personally and we've had a tremendous relationship with Texas. I guess Texas brought us together. We were together fine, but now we're together a lot more. And I want to thank Cecilia, your great wife, who's been our friend for a long time.

Donald Trump: The job you do is really incredible in so many different ways, including the border and every different way, admired by everybody. Secretaries Kristi Noem, Brooke Rollins, Scott Turner and Administrator Kelly Loeffler, they all wanted to be here. Some of them hopped on the plane with me. Senators John Cornyn and Ted Cruz, you're here among us and thank you very much.

Donald Trump: Our great lieutenant, Governor, I see you sitting there. I don't know if they even have your name down, but when I'm here, your name is down, right? He's doing a good job, always did, always did. Also, numerous members of Congress, including Chip Roy from the district. This is Chip's district. I had a lot of time last week we spent with Chip Roy getting that great, Big, Beautiful Bill passed.

Donald Trump: And who would have thought? And he's not easy, but he's good. Where is he? Where's Chip? Who would have thought this was going to happen? And he called because we had a big ceremony set up and he said, you know, we have a little bit of a flood here and I think it's going to be a little bit. I better stay here, I better not come back and go to it and he wanted to be there.

Donald Trump: He was a part of it, a big part of it. And then he called again and he said, this is bad and then it got really bad, far beyond your worst, wildest imagination, right? So thank you very much, Chip. I appreciate it. And Brian Babin also is -- I don't know if Brian's here. But we do have -- and I have to just give some of the names because it's very unusual.

Donald Trump: Nathaniel Moran, Dan Crenshaw, all of these people wanted to be here Keith Self, Jake Ellzey, August Pfluger, Greg Goldman, Ronny Jackson, where are you people? Are you here? You're all here. Where is Ronny Jackson? Ronny Jackson, what a person. Every one of these people is so incredible. Randy Weber, Pete Sessions, Tony Gonzales.

Donald Trump: Wow, we have everybody. Beth Van Duyne. Hi, Beth. Hi, Beth. Roger Williams, Brandon Gill. Hi, Roger. Brandon, you're here. Yes, thanks, Brandon. Doing a good job, Brandon. Michael Cloud, John Carter and Wesley Hunt. And we have others, but I'm not -- we have to get on with it. But, I did want to ask Lieutenant Governor Dan Patrick -- he's been my friend from the beginning.

Donald Trump: He's been the chairman of all three of my campaigns and all I know is we won by record amounts, so I guess you were a pretty good chairman, right, Dan? And his son is fantastic too. But attorney General Ken Paxton, Ken's around here someplace? Hi, Ken. Hi. And director of the Texas Department of Public Safety Freeman Martin?

Donald Trump: Freeman, thank you very much. You're doing an amazing job. Texas chief of emergency management, Nim Kidd. Thank you. Thank you very much, and thank you for greeting us too. Major General Thomas Seltzer of the Texas Military Department. Thomas, great job. Thank you. Really good job. And many, many other officials.

Donald Trump: And everybody is here. It's amazing. I do these things and often, you just don't have a turnout like this. Half of government is here. But my administration is doing everything in its power to help Texas. And I can tell you that -- and the governor will be the first to tell you that when the request was made for the emergency funds, Kristi, I think we gave it within about two minutes, maybe less and they had everything they needed, right?

Donald Trump: Right, immediately? So we've deployed over 400 first responders and assisted or enabled more than 1,500 rescues, amazing, 1,500. Customs and Border Protection and the US Coast Guard have deployed numerous search and rescue crews. And they're all over the territory, and trauma teams. And beyond this area.

Donald Trump: The governor was saying we've gone a little bit beyond this area. Oh, there's Dr. Phil. Look at Dr. Phil. You're looking good, Phil. This is a hell of a situation, isn't it, huh? FEMA has deployed multiple emergency response units and FEMA has been really headed by some very good people. We have some good people running FEMA. It's about time, right, we get some good ones?

Donald Trump: They failed us in North Carolina. But when we got in on January 20th, they fixed it up in no time. And the Army Corps of Engineers is always around and always strong and brilliant. We're also taking historic action to ensure that such a nightmare never happens again. We're going to look and see how can a thing like this -- they could say it's 100 years, somebody said it's a 500-year event, it doesn't -- we're not going to let a thing like this happen again, where it can wreak this kind of devastation.

Donald Trump: Earlier this year, I directed a sweeping review of the preparedness and critical infrastructure. I think again, I have to say when I -- whenever I say that I have to say that the level of professionalism was incredible, but we'll all work together to find out exactly what can be done. Because they do want to rebuild, and they're going to. I just want to say.

Donald Trump: We have a wonderful first lady. And she's done a great job as first lady. And she really is a very special woman. When she saw what and met the people that we met just a little while ago, it's very devastating. And would you like to say a few words, honey?

Melania Trump: My deepest sympathy to all of the parents who lost beautiful young souls, deepest sympathy from all of us to the community to everybody who lost a loved one. We are grieving with you. Our nation is grieving with you. We just met with the wonderful families. We pray with them. We hug. We hold hands. They shared stories.

Melania Trump: And I met beautiful young ladies. Uh, they gave me this special bracelet from the camp, uh, in honor of the -- all of the little girls that they lost their lives. So we are here to honor them and also to give the support, help. And I will be back, uh, I promise to them. And uh, I just pray for them and giving them my strength and love.

Donald Trump: Thank you, honey. That's very nice. Thank you very much. So I just want to say God bless you all. And I'd like to ask Governor Abbott to say a few words, please. Thank you.

Greg Abbott: Well, first of all, thank you, Mr. President and thank you, first lady. The first thing both of you mentioned were the lives that were affected by this. Uh, whenever there's a disaster or catastrophe, the first thing we focus on is saving lives, prioritizing those lives. Every minute, every hour counts. And that's what Chief Nim Kidd focused on, what the local officials focused on, what the state focused on, but also what your administration did.

Greg Abbott: On the very day of the flood, you had the Coast Guard literally saving lives right and left. And we cannot thank you enough for deploying the Coast Guard, deploying the resources. And as you pointed out, immediately when I made a request for a disaster declaration, you and your administration granted that.

Greg Abbott: This is the fastest that I'm aware of, of any administration, responding so swiftly, so collaboratively, so coordinated as we have in response to this. Thank you for that major disaster declaration. It ensures that we're going to be able to more effectively respond and help rebuild. And let me make one thing clear about the Hunt Store.

Greg Abbott: We will rebuild the Hunt Store very quickly right here in Hunt, Texas.

Unidentified: Thank you, governor.

Greg Abbott: Uh, also I too want to thank all the first responders. And we have many of our legislators over here. I want to thank them for stepping up and being here constantly, uh, as well as state officials who join with us. And as we've said before, we remain committed. We're here for the long run. We will maintain our operations to search and find everybody that we can as well as ensure that we're going to rebuild this community.

Greg Abbott: From Hunt to Camp Mystic to Kerrville, down below, uh, we are committed for the long run, not just to rebuild, but to rebuild in a better way. I have received a lot of detail, even from the president himself, about ways that we can do a better job in the rebuilding process. And we will put all of that to work.

Greg Abbott: We have a special session beginning in 10 days when we're going to start working legislatively to make sure that we address every challenge that the people of this entire region, including the Central Texas region, make sure we help rebuild the families and communities of all of them. But we would not have been able to do that the way that we have had it not been for you.

Greg Abbott: Your commitment to Texas. I know you love Texas.

Donald Trump: I do.

Greg Abbott: And Texas loves you. We appreciate you showing up. And because of your swift and effective response, we're better positioned to deliver on all those commitments than ever before.

Donald Trump: Thank you, governor. That's very nice. Thank you very much. Appreciate it. Kristi, would you like to say something? Fantastic job you've done.

Kristi Noem: Well, Mr. President. I just want to thank you for coming and being here today. And to our first lady as well. Your heart is evident for the people of Texas. And by you coming here and spending the day and taking the time to spend so much time with the families. I've spoken with many of them over the last several days and they're so grateful for you.

Kristi Noem: That not only are you here to come and walk alongside of them, but to spend time with them. And to deploy resources to help support the governor and his team, I think, has meant the world, not just to those that are making the decisions, but to all of those down to the ones who have lost their children and are those who are still looking for their children.

Kristi Noem: So that's the hardest part about the situation we have here today, sir, is that, um, when you have a disaster like this, I believe this is an unprecedented event. I haven't heard in -- in my knowledge, know of a flood that happened like this before. Um. So you know, in our experience we know that it's at least a one in 1000 year flood that hit this area in an unprecedented way.

Kristi Noem: And emergencies and disasters are always locally executed. The state manages them. And then the federal government comes in and supports that. What -- what -- what we are doing here, sir, is empowering the state and the local officials to make the best decisions for their people. Because they know their people, they know their community.

Kristi Noem: And when they ask, then we come in and support them. So thank you for being a president who trusts people, who lets them use the responsibility that they have to make the best decisions for their families, for their communities. And we come in and we support them in that. So I can't thank you for -- for helping us making such quick decisions for Nim and his team.

Kristi Noem: And the governor is absolutely fantastic. Every time I picked up the phone and -- and was here, um, the lieutenant governor was available. The entire team. The Coast Guard and the Border Patrol were absolute amazing resources on the ground immediately. And we've had over 700 different FEMA employees and volunteers here as well that are engaged.

Donald Trump: Right.

Kristi Noem: And so all of your assets that you have as a federal government are deployed to help this community restore but also to heal. I would just ask everybody in the room to remember to -- to love on each other, too. And to, uh, tell stories and memories and of -- that's how -- the greatest fear when you lose someone in your life is that people will forget them.

Kristi Noem: So tell -- tell the stories that you knew and write them down and remember them. Because nobody wants their loved one that they don't have any more to ever be forgotten -- so.

Donald Trump: Thanks, Kristi. Appreciate it. Uh, Nim, would you say a few words, please.

Nim Kidd: Thank you, Mr. President and --

Donald Trump: You've done a fantastic job working with Kristi and everybody else. Thank you. Go ahead.

Nim Kidd: Yes, sir. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you both for being here. I -- our hearts are broken. But they fuel the engine that drives this response for this community. These local first responders are the best in the nation. They put their lives on the line. Our volunteer firefighters that were out there putting their lives on the line knowing that their homes were at risk.

Nim Kidd: You have the best in the nation right here at the local level. Governor Abbott declared 21 Texas counties for this weather event under a State of Disaster Declaration. Your immediate declaration for individual assistance and public assistance will help us rebuild and recover. We've had over 2200 state agency response personnel assisting our local government partners.

Nim Kidd: But Mr. President, here's a staggering number. Over 12,300 volunteers have shown up here out of love to support this community. Just imagine. Working ten hours a day, seven days into this event right now. That's over 861,000 hours of volunteer support right here.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Nim Kidd: 19 other states have sent resources to us. Secretary Noem, thank you for the coordination and the effort on that. Your team has been phenomenal. We will continue the search nonstop. We will continue debris removal. And we will help this community rebuild. We're ready, sir.

Donald Trump: Thank you. Really great job you've done. And the coordination has been incredible with us and everybody else. Thank you very much.

Nim Kidd: Yes.

Donald Trump: Doctor Phil, I see you sitting there. And this might be a time for you to give us some of your words of wisdom if you would. Thank you.

Phil McGraw: Well, thank you. Um, I would -- I've talked to families and survivors, parents and -- and grandparents. And the truth is we know psychologically that the number one stressor that we can experience in life is the loss of a child. And the -- the worst situation that we can experience that is when it's sudden and when it's violent.

Phil McGraw: That's the worst thing that can happen stress wise in life. And uh, you know, it's -- people say, well, you know, you get over it in time. You will. The truth is you never get over it, you get through it. And one of the things, uh, Secretary Noem was just talking about no truer words could be said, um, that it's cathartic to talk about this.

Phil McGraw: And there's a collective consciousness in these communities down here. This is -- this is my country here. Texas is home for me.

Donald Trump: Right.

Phil McGraw: And -- and there's a collective consciousness here. And everybody in these communities suffered this loss at some level. And so everybody shares that and so everybody shares the healing, and that will come through here. Everybody will rally together and this is about faith and it's about family and it's truly about community.

Phil McGraw: And it says Texas strong on the desk that you're sitting at. And that's true, because people will come together. And we need to realize that giving this a voice and if you see someone in the store, everybody wonders, do I say something to them? I know they lost a child or a grandchild. Do I bring it up, because they look like they're doing OK? The answer to that question is an unambiguous yes.

Phil McGraw: You don't ever let them think you've moved on from it. It's OK to go and say, hey, look, I know about the loss, I share that with you and I love you and we won't forget this. Because these bright lights will go away, another headline will come along and people move on. Let them know we don't forget, we don't forget the loss.

Phil McGraw: It will never go away and we remember it. And these first responders down here, men and women that were diving into those waters, I've talked to a woman whose husband was standing on the bank of the river yelling to a father, throw me your baby, throw me your baby, let me help you. Mr. President, there is a depth of root and caring here like you just can't believe until you see it and everybody here knows that.

Phil McGraw: And it's so inspiring for you and the first lady to come here and share this and see the fiber of these communities. That's why they rally around you and everything that that you stand for here, from the border to the Ð disasters. And it's not just a photo op for you to be here, people see your heart and believe in what you stand for and God bless you for coming here and doing this.

Phil McGraw: It means a lot. God bless you.

Donald Trump: Thank you. Thank you. That was really beautiful. I'm glad I asked him to say a few words. Dan, do you want to say a couple of words, Dan, please? Lieutenant governor.

Phil McGraw: We spoke this morning. Immediately, you and I talked the very next morning and he was right there.

Dan Patrick: First of all, Mr. President, First Lady, a long time ago, I asked a pastor when I was going to see a person in the hospital who didn't have long to live, and I said, what do I say? And they said, don't worry about what you say, just be there. So you, and Madam First Lady, the two of you being here sends a message.

Dan Patrick: It paints a picture that words can't express and it gives them hope and the people of this community have become a family. I didn't know the mayor last week. I wish I didn't know him today under these circumstances, but we've become a family around this room and it starts with you at the top, down to the governor, down to the statewide, down to the secretary.

Dan Patrick: I mean, Kristi Noem coming in, she called Saturday morning and said, the president wants me to be there today, and she came. And so that message is so important. Two things will get us through, our faith. So the people along this river are not standing on the rock of the banks of the river, they're standing on the rock of their faith.

Dan Patrick: And that will get them through the struggles that you talk about. But you and the federal government will help us get through everything, all the debris that has to be taken away.

Donald Trump: We will.

Dan Patrick: All the rebuilding, and I know we can count on you. So from the bottom of my heart, on behalf of all of these families, thank you for being here. You just can't measure how much it means to them.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much, Dan. Great job, appreciate it. Do you want to take a couple of questions, Governor? Would you want to do that? Do you want to --

Greg Abbott: Sure.

Donald Trump: Is the press going to be respectful of this event, this horrible event, this horrible tragedy? Please. Yes. Go ahead, please.

Question: Mr. President, [Inaudible] with CBS News Texas. Several families that we've heard from are, obviously upset because they say that those warnings, those words didn't go out in time and they also say that people could have been saved. What do you say to those families?

Donald Trump: Well, I think everyone did an incredible job under the circumstances. This was, I guess, Kristi said, a 1 in 500, 1 in 1,000 years. And I just have admiration for the job that everybody did. There's just admiration. Only a bad person would ask a question like that, to be honest with you. I don't know who you are, but only a very evil person would ask a question like that.

Donald Trump: I think this has been heroism. This has been incredible, really, the job you've all done. It's easy to sit back and say, oh, what could have happened here or there, maybe we could have done something differently. This was a thing that has never happened before and nobody's ever seen anything -- I've never seen anything like this.

Donald Trump: I've gone to some real bad ones. I've never seen anything like this. So I admire you and I consider you heroes and heroine. And I think you've done an amazing job. Brian, go ahead please.

Question: Yeah. Thank you, Mr. President. If I could ask you, who was the first person to contact you to notify you that this tragedy was unfolding?

Donald Trump: Probably Kristi, but I was notified by a lot, and Chip called also. Chip was here for -- he thought it was going to be a little flood. He was going to miss the signing for the Big, Beautiful Bill, and he called to apologize. He said he's going to be delayed because of a little flood and the little flood turned out to be the biggest flood anyone's ever seen.

Donald Trump: So Chip and -- but Kristi called right away. She was there. I looked the next morning, she was right there, on the ball.

Question: So I just want to say, as a native Texan, I've received hundreds of messages. I told you that the other day, but I want to tell our representatives that are here in the crowd today. Thank you for your response. This is Texas strong. President Trump, this is America First policy in terms to responding to a tragedy like this.

Question: Thank you on behalf of Texas as well.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. Well, that's a nice reporter. That's a nice question. That's a nice -- but I like his statement even better. Thank you very much, Brian. That's very nice. Yeah, please, go ahead.

Question: Great to see you, President Trump.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Question: Thank you, First Lady Melania for being here. I'm born and raised in Texas and there's not a person in our state who hasn't been impacted by this tragedy. But what's been so disheartening recently are these ghouls on the left, like Jasmine Crockett and the left wing media who want to point fingers and play partisan games and fundraise off of this crisis.

Question: And what I love about Texas is we come together in a crisis across party lines, ideological lines. So what is your message, and maybe Governor Abbott as well, to these folks on the left who are using this to gain partisan points in viral videos?

Donald Trump: Well, I'll start off by just saying, they've lost their confidence. They've had a tremendous run of bad talent. I don't say bad luck, I say bad talent and all they want to do is criticize and I hope we can someday be bipartisan. But all they like to do is criticize and they're getting just absolutely clobbered because everyone sees what an incredible job the governor did.

Donald Trump: Everybody in this room, everybody at this table in particular, but everybody in this room did an incredible job and the public knows it. You know, the public is wise to it. They have automatic, they have their sound bite, they send out a sound bite and it's supposed to be -- you're supposed to say that. And if you don't say that they throw you out of the party.

Donald Trump: No, they've lost -- honestly, they've lost their confidence. I see some of the people they're putting forward and those people will only ruin our nation. Our nation a year ago was dead and it was going down, but it was dead and now we have the most successful nation anywhere in the world. You take a look, I was with the king of Saudi Arabia, I was with the leaders of the world recently at NATO. Every one of them said the same thing they said, you know, it's the most amazing thing I've ever seen.

Donald Trump: Your nation was dead one year ago and now you have the hottest nation, the hottest nation, hottest in quotes. It's the hottest nation anywhere in the world. Every leader is saying that. We are. We're the hottest nation in the world. We've all gotten together. We've done a great job. This state has been unbelievable.

Donald Trump: I work so well with the governor and with these Senators and with everybody in this state. We get it done. We've had some pretty big problems here with the floods and all the different things that we've worked out and we respond very quickly and they respond very quickly, and they spend their money wisely.

Donald Trump: You know, we give them a lot of money, but they spend it wisely. I can't say that's true always. Sometimes we give money and they don't spend it so wisely. They spend it very, very foolishly. So Governor, do you want to say a few words?

Greg Abbott: Sure. One thing that you pointed out that we all know about Texans, it's part of our bloodstream, and that is we're Texas tough. We're made for challenges. I read a piece the other day, I'll just quote one line from it and that is, "when the rivers rise, so do we and we rise to the occasion." And the way that we do that is by everybody working together.

Greg Abbott: We are one team united. We are Texans. And fighting as Texans, we're going to rebuild not just Kerrville or Hunt or Kerr County, but across the entire state, across regions. We're going to come together and fight together and ensure that we elevate even better, keeping foremost in mind exactly what Dr. Phil was talking about.

Greg Abbott: As we rebuild, we've got to constantly comfort the families of those who have suffered a loss. Those two things combined, and we will be our quintessential selves and that is Texas tough. Texas resilient.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. Go ahead, sir. In the blue.

Chip Roy: Mr. President --

Donald Trump: The blue shirt.

Chip Roy: First of all --

Joe Pags: Oh, no, I'll wait for Chip. He's my -- he's my representative. I wait for him.

Chip Roy: Mr. President, if I could just jump in and just say one thing?

Donald Trump: Chip?

Chip Roy: Which is um, I can't thank you enough. When -- when I called you on Friday, you said whatever you need. When I called the secretary's office, she called me within 15 minutes and said whatever you need. And then she came here this weekend. I've never seen such a quick response and such a focus on delivering for the people.

Chip Roy: But importantly, I want to thank all of my colleagues in the House sitting right over there. Every single one of them called me personally. Every single one of them reached out to this team that the governor was just talking about, the team effort, to deliver for the people of Texas. They're here now not here to microphone.

Chip Roy: They're here just to be here. Because they believe in this state. And they believe in what you're doing as the president. And they believe in what the governor is doing. And importantly, this morning, I was at a press conference for the Community Foundation of the Hill Country, which has raised over $30 million from the great, you know, people of this state and from around the country.

Chip Roy: And they sent checks out today of $5 million to people in this community to help them with cash for people, for small businesses, first responders and all the people that need help to reunite. And the final point I'll just say, for all of the media clamoring to ask that ridiculous first question and try to point fingers, the governor said it best when he said that pointing fingers is for losers.

Chip Roy: This state is about looking forward. And we'll figure out how to make our systems the best they can be. But importantly, when you see 26ft of water rising a foot per minute, don't go around pointing fingers. The people in this community rallied around to help people. And that's the enduring image, those little girls from Camp Mystic, who were singing hymns as they watched the damage as they left that camp coming out of there.

Chip Roy: And that's who the people of Texas are. And I thank you, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. And you know, two words, unity and competence. If you were to ask me two words that I've seen here. One is unity. The unity has been unbelievable. And then the competence. The competence of the Coast Guard and some of the people within the Coast Guard that saved a lot of lives. They went out and they saved a lot of lives.

Donald Trump: But there were others other than the Coast Guard. But I would say competence and unity. The -- the -- the way everyone has just pulled together. It's rare that you see this.

Joe Pags: Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Again, I've been to so many. And I've seen bickering and fighting. And you know, just it doesn't work the same way. This has been amazing. This is -- and this is the biggest because I've never seen one like this, neither has anybody else by the way. Yes, please.

Joe Pags: It's Joe Pags, Mr. President. It's been a while since we've seen each other. Obviously the staffing was where it needed to be. In fact, it was heavier than it should have been because of the holiday weekend. Whatever they're saying in the -- in the left news isn't the truth. You're a developer though. At 1:00 in the morning, the technology only goes as far as it goes.

Joe Pags: Kids don't have their phones, phones are dead, people by the riverside don't have electricity. They're not going to get a phone alert that way. As a developer going forward, knowing that everything was done lightning fast by Secretary Gnome, by you, by the governor and everybody else. You did everything right.

Joe Pags: What do we do next time, though, to make sure that people are alerted if they're dead asleep? Maybe an alarm system, maybe a siren system. You might know better than I. But what do we do going forward? Because we've got to make sure that people get the alert when it's time to get the alert. Thank you.

Donald Trump: Yeah, you'll probably have to do that. You'll probably come up with something very unique. Because there is no system right now. There's been no -- this is not -- a thing like this has never happened that anybody knows. Certainly not to this extent. But I know the governor and everybody is working on it. They're meeting, and they'll figure something out.

Donald Trump: Go ahead, governor.

Greg Abbott: Yeah, so we begin a session in ten days. We will address every single question that you just asked. Uh, you mentioned some of the ideas. There are many more. And we want to hear them. Most importantly, we have to devise a response that's right for this community. And this community has to weigh in. And they need time to be able to convey that to us. But we're going to -- we're going to work on alerts.

Greg Abbott: We're going to work on every single solution to make sure things like this don't happen again, not just in this community but in other river basins across the state also. So we will work to get it right. And we've jotted down, Joe, every idea that you just mentioned.

Donald Trump: Ted Cruz. Go ahead please, Ted.

Ted Cruz: Well, Mr. President, I want to say thank you for being here. First lady, thank you for being here. Where we are right now, the Hill Country, is a very special part of this state. It is universally considered the most beautiful part of the state. You've got rolling hills. You've got these incredible peaceful, wonderful rivers.

Ted Cruz: The Guadalupe River. Just about all of us have been swimming in that river, floating in that river. And one of the things that's really special about Kerr County is there are 40 summer camps here. This is a place where all across Texas, our kids go. The governor's daughter came every year to camp here. Both of you know our girls really well.

Ted Cruz: Heidi, the week before this flood was -- was here in Hunt, picking up our daughter Katherine from camp. And -- and Camp Mystic that faced such devastating loss is an institution in this state. It's 100 years old. It was founded in 1926. And I'll tell you, in Texas, it's not just here that the hurt is felt.

Ted Cruz: It's every part of the state. Houston, Dallas, San Antonio, Austin, West Texas, East Texas. Texans have gone, and what's amazing is you see at the closing ceremonies of these camps, you see multiple generations, you'll see grandmothers and moms and little girls who have all gone to the same camp. And -- and the pain that the state is feeling.

Ted Cruz: And on Monday, I went and walked through Camp Mystic. The center of the -- the camp is -- is a cabin called the Bubble Inn where the littlest girls were staying. And in front of the Bubble Inn are right now 17 small white crosses in the ground. And each cross has the name of another little girl who lost her life.

Ted Cruz: The final cross has the name of Dick Eastland, the camp director who gave his life trying to save his girls. And the water rose in that camp and in that cabin 8ft high. You can see the water line 8ft high. It blew the windows out of the cabin, and it swept those girls out. I will tell you. I've never seen anything more horrible in my life.

Ted Cruz: And I just sat there, crying. I saw Mom and Dad come up to one of those crosses, drop to their knees and kiss that cross. And the mom was weeping. I also want to tell you. And you said this, you talked about unity. The way this community, the way the state is coming together is incredible. There are stories of heroism.

Ted Cruz: I met a mom and dad who had a 14 year old boy at Camp La Junta, a boys camp. Their 14 year old son was awakened at three in the morning. The water was rising. The counselor said let's go save the little boys. And they went down to the seven, eight, nine year old boys and pulled them out of their camps through the crashing water.

Ted Cruz: And this mom and dad were crying. Now their son survived. And I said, look, your son will always have this trauma. You will always have this trauma. But at the same time, your son will always know when he was 14 years old that there are little boys and one day there are men who are alive because he had the courage as a 14 year old to risk his life to save them.

Ted Cruz: And so we are grateful you're here. And I and I will say something Chip referenced is very true. There's a video of a school bus full of campers from Mystic after this crisis, riding past the devastation. And they are singing Christian hymns. And I promise you, there's not a person here who can watch that video and not weep tears of sorrow, but -- but also tears of joy.

Ted Cruz: So we are grateful for the response, governor, the first responders, everyone who's come together. And to all the moms and dads just know we love you. The -- the agony. My street at home, every house has a green ribbon around it for the girls at Mystic. And that's true in a lot of streets all throughout Texas.

Ted Cruz: And we will come through this one way or the other. And I'll tell you, the Hunt Store, right now, the sign says Hunt Store, except today it doesn't. It says Hunt Strong. They redid the sign. [Laughter] That's the spirit of who we are.

Donald Trump: Thank you, Ted, very much. Well -- Mr. President -- Yes, please.

Nim Kidd: I wanted to respond just to something that Joe said and the governor, the speaker and I announced yesterday that we will begin our hearings in two weeks. But in three weeks we're going to have a hearing in this room so that the residents and the people in this area don't have to come to Austin. We're going to come to them.

Nim Kidd: And we'll stay here as long as it takes to hear their stories and their needs and their wants. So we're going to be here in three weeks in this room to hear them.

Donald Trump: Good day. Very good. Well, I just want to thank everybody for coming together. And the word unity again, but I just want to thank you very much. And we'll be helping you from Washington, DC like no other president would do. Nobody else, nobody else would do it. Nobody else would -- would be even get back to you.

Donald Trump: You know, you're fully funded as you know. And Kristi, I would say they were fully funded within minutes of hearing about this. And you know, the state of Texas, number one, they do it right. And they've done it right for a long time. And it's you know, a very special place to me. I will tell you that politically, I don't want to say politics, but politically, it's been a very special place to me.

Donald Trump: Our great Secretary of Agriculture, who you've done such a great job. Brooke Rollins, you come from Texas and I just want to thank you. She even got the cost of eggs right down. You know, they hit me with that one and she got them down so quickly. Nobody knew what -- by Easter, everybody was having eggs at a lower price than they ever thought possible, but you've done a fantastic job.

Donald Trump: But it's just been a special -- it's been a very special state to me and it's my honor and we will continue to work together and it's a bad situation and you can never say, oh, it's going to be bigger, better, stronger. It's just so many lives have been lost, you can't say that, but uh, we're going to make it back.

Donald Trump: We're going to make it back and we're going to make it good again and everybody wants to do it. And I just want to thank you and I want to congratulate you. You guys have been unbelievable. Thank you for your words before. It was unbelievable. The job you've done, Kim, everybody, every single one of you, so you should be very proud, and we're very proud of you.

Donald Trump: Thank you all very much for doing such a good job. Thank you very much.