Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-jd-vance-munich-germany-volodymyr-zelenskyy-ukraine-february-14-2025

JD Vance: OK. Well, good afternoon, everybody. We're, of course, happy to welcome the Ukrainian delegation led by President Zelenskyy. We had a number of fruitful conversations, a number of things for us to follow up and work on. And fundamentally, the goal is, as President Trump outlined it, we want the war to come to a close.

JD Vance: We want the killing to stop, but we want to achieve a durable, lasting peace, not the kind of peace that's going to have Eastern Europe in conflict just a couple of years down the road. So, we had a number of good conversations about how we might accomplish that together, and certainly we'll have many more in the -- in the days, weeks, and months to come.

JD Vance: President Zelenskyy.

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: Thank you so much. Thank you very much. Very briefly, I think what the president said, everything and absolutely correct. We are very thankful for American support, President Trump. We have good conversation today. Uh, our first meeting, not last, I'm sure. And really what -- what we need to -- to speak more, to work more, and to prepare the plan.

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: How to stop Putin and finish the work. We want -- really we want this very much, but we need real security guarantees, and we will continue our meetings and our work. And we will be very happy to see General Kellogg also in Ukraine in this closest time. Thank you. Thank you, Vice President, for meeting.

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: Thank you, colleagues. Thank you so much.

JD Vance: Great. Thank you all. Take care, guys.

Note: [Crosstalk]

Question: If Ukraine is not ready to come to the table with Putin -- if Ukraine is not ready to speak with Putin at the table, how do you move forward? Will you still negotiate?

JD Vance: Well, look, I think the way that this conversation moves us forward is, first of all, you have great members of the Ukrainian delegation. You have our incredible Secretary of State Marco Rubio. Here we have General Kellogg. It's important for us to get together and start to have the conversations that are going to be necessary to bring this thing to a close.

JD Vance: That's all I'm going to say for now, because I want to preserve the optionality here for the negotiators and our respective teams to bring this thing to a close. Thank you all. Have a good night.

Note: [Crosstalk]