Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-bilat-narendra-modi-india-white-house-february-13-2025

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. It's a great honor to have Prime Minister Modi of India. He is a great friend of mine for a long time. We've had a wonderful relationship and we kept the relationship during the four-year period, the period that was a very interesting period indeed. I watched. I got to see how not to do things and we've just started up again and we have I think some very big things to talk about.

Donald Trump: Number one, is they're going to be purchasing a lot of our oil and gas. We have more oil and gas than any other country in the world, by far. And they need it and we have it. And we're going to talk about trade. We're going to talk about many things, but it's really an honor to see you and you have been my friend for a long time.

Donald Trump: And congratulations on having done a great job.

Narendra Modi: Thank you.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.

Narendra Modi: Would you like to say anything more?

Donald Trump: No, I'm OK.

Narendra Modi: Your Excellency, I am delighted to see you back in the White House and to meet with you today in this room. On behalf of 1.4 billion people of India, let me convey my heartiest congratulations to you on your grand and historic victory. Last year, the people of India gave me the opportunity to serve them for the third consecutive time, and it has happened in the history of India in the last 60 years for the time.

Narendra Modi: And in this term, I will have an opportunity to work with you over the next four years and it's a great, great pleasure to see the two coincide. And I can say from my past experience of working with you in your first term, that we will continue to advance the India-US strategic partnership with the same warmth, with the same trust and with the same excitement.

Narendra Modi: I'm happy that as soon as I entered this room, my friend reminded me of Ahmedabad and the Cricket Stadium where we held the big rally and the events that we did. The mega events that we did in Ahmedabad, Namaste Trump or the Howdy Modi in Houston. We had conveyed a very strong message of our friendship through those events and the resounding echo of those events can be heard even today in India and the world.

Narendra Modi: Excellency, you've made immense personal contribution towards strengthening of our relations towards making them more comprehensive and in attaining unprecedented heights in our relationship and I firmly believe that in your second term, we will work with even more speed. America gave me the courage as I had promised to the people of India that in my third term as the prime minister of India, we will work with twice the speed.

Narendra Modi: I firmly believe that with President Trump during the next four years, during his second term, we will work with twice the speed that we did in the first term. One thing that I deeply appreciate and I learned from President Trump is that he keeps the national interest supreme, and like him, I also keep the national interest of India at the top of everything else, and this has been my real fortune.

Narendra Modi: President Donald Trump and Make America Great Again are inseparable. Whenever we talk about President Trump, one has to talk about Make America Great Again. Similarly, that vision inspires everybody. Similarly in India, we have the resolve of 1.4 billion people of India that by the time India reaches the 100th anniversary of its independence, we will make our country a developed country by 2047, and this is getting new speed and new resolve.

Narendra Modi: US is the world's oldest democracy and India is the world's largest democracy. So when India and the U.S. come together, they make one plus one 11 and not two. And this is the power of 11 that is going to work for the welfare of humanity. I once again thank my friend, President Trump, and we together resolve that we will together march towards progress and towards prosperity for our nations.

Narendra Modi: Thank you.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. And he's doing a great job in India. Everybody talks about it. He's doing a really fantastic job, a great leader, great leader.

Narendra Modi: I thank you for your warm words, Mr. President, and I firmly believe that every person in India respects your sentiments.

Donald Trump: Thank you. Thank you, very much.

Narendra Modi: Thank you. Thank you.

Donald Trump: Any questions, please?

Question: You are both very popular leaders in your respective countries. You have spoken about a commonsense diplomatic doctrine. So what's a Trump Modi doctrine that we should expect from the USA [Inaudible]?

Donald Trump: Well, I think more than anything else, will be the unity. We have great unity. We have great friendship, he and I and our countries and I think it's only going to get closer. But it's very important that we remain united as countries. We're friends and we're going to stay that way.

Question: How are you going to fight China if you're going to be tough with India on trade? How are you going to beat China then?

Donald Trump: We're in very good shape to beat anybody we want, but we're not looking to beat anybody. We're looking to do a really good job. We've done a fantastic job for the American people. We had a great four years and we were interrupted by a terrible administration, absolutely terrible. They didn't know what they were doing.

Donald Trump: And now we're putting it back together and I think it's going to end up being much stronger than it was before, even much stronger than it was before.

Question: May I? May I? May I? Yeah. President Trump, first of all, congratulations for the fantastic 24 days of your presidency, historic and unprecedented decisions that you made, transformational reforms.

Donald Trump: I like her. I like her.

Question: I am particularly impressed by the expose on USAID. And I would like you to share with us if you think USAID had a role in election interference in the U.S. in 2020 and Indian elections in 2024?

Donald Trump: So it could have had a role. There were a lot of bad things that happened in 2020. I think bad things happened in 2024, but it was too big to rig. We won by a tremendous margin. We won every swing state. We won the popular vote by millions of votes. So, it was too big to rig. But yeah, I think they probably tried.

Donald Trump: We're looking to go to a system now much different where one day voting, voter ID and we have to do that. And paper ballots, we want paper ballots. And when they do that, we're going to clean it up very, very well. But we had a great 2016. We had a much better 2020 election, but bad things happened. And we had, the best of all, they say the most consequential in history, 129 years, most consequential.

Donald Trump: So, it was a great election and it gives me a chance to work again with the prime minister and India and we're going to have a great relationship together.

Question: Mr. President, do you see India playing a role in Europe [Inaudible] between Russia and Ukraine?

Donald Trump: Excuse me. Excuse me.

Question: Do you see India playing a role in your plan to broker a peace in Ukraine? And if I could ask you about a development in your hometown today. The U.S. attorney has resigned over the DOJs request to drop the case into Eric Adams. Did you personally request the Justice Department to drop that case?

Donald Trump: No, I didn't. I know nothing about it. I did not. I think that, just to answer your other question, we're just going to get along well. We're going to get along with all countries. We're going to do very well. We're going to be doing, I think, record business, record numbers and we're going to work with India also.

Donald Trump: We have some very big trade deals to announce in the very near future.

Note: [A question is asked and not translated. It was followed by the same reporter with a question in English.]

Question: And Mr. President, what you would like to say about the Bangladesh issue because we saw and it is evident that how the deep state of United State was involved with regime change during the Biden administration. And then Mohammad Yunus made a junior Soros also. So what is your point of view about the Bangladesh?

Donald Trump: Well, there was no role for our deep state. This is something that the prime minister has been working on for a long time and has been worked on for hundreds of years, frankly. I've been reading about it. But I will leave Bangladesh to the prime minister.

Narendra Modi: As far as the Russia Ukraine conflict is concerned, I am very happy that President Trump has taken initiatives to restore peace and had telephone calls with President Putin and President Zelenskyy. The world had this thinking that India somehow is a neutral country in this whole process, but this is not true.

Narendra Modi: India has a side and that side is of peace. From the very first day, I have been talking about the importance of dialog and diplomacy and a peaceful solution. And when I met President Putin in the presence of media, I had told him that this is not the era of war and I have firm conviction that problems cannot be resolved on the battlefield.

Narendra Modi: The two sides will have to come to the negotiating table.

Donald Trump: I just want to add to that. We had a very good phone call yesterday with President Putin, that lasted maybe an hour and a half. It was excellent. And I think we went a long way toward getting a solution to the horrible war where so many people are being killed, especially soldiers on the battlefield. At least a million and a half soldiers have been killed on a ridiculous war.

Donald Trump: That would have never happened if I were president. I think we've got a long way to solving it. Tomorrow, there's a meeting in Munich and then next week there's a meeting in Saudi Arabia, not with myself or President Putin but with top officials. And Ukraine will be a part of it too, and we're going to see if we can end that war.

Donald Trump: That war is a horrible war. It's a vicious, bloody war. We want to end it. To your other question, that U.S. attorney was actually fired. I don't know if he or she resigned, but that U.S. attorney was fired. OK. Go ahead. Wait, one second. Say it.

Question: What is the role that you expect India to play within the U.S. competition with China and in your broader vision for peace in the Middle East?

Donald Trump: Well, I think we're doing very well in our competition with everybody. I think you're going to see a nation that really is going forward at a very rapid pace. Our economy is going to be fantastic. We're doing things to make it that way and we announced some very big elements today of success. I call it an element of success, reciprocal tariffs.

Donald Trump: So that somebody charges us, we charge them the same amount, which has never been done in our country before. We've always been taken advantage of by other countries and we allowed that to happen foolishly, but we're not going to allow that any longer. So, I think we're going to do very well. They say the last three weeks was among the best three weeks ever for a start in a presidency.

Donald Trump: There's never been anything like it. And when you see what we've been able to do in three weeks, people are really amazed. Even the prime minister mentioned it. I think other countries are looking at it. But I just want to thank everybody for being here. This is a terrific man. We're going to make some wonderful trade deals for India and for the US. And thank you all very much.

Donald Trump: Thank you, very much.