Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-executive-orders-white-house-march-6-2025

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. Today we're delighted to be joined by Rodolphe Saade, the chairman and CEO of CMA CGM, one of the largest shipping companies in the world, probably number two in the world, probably going to be number one in the not too distant future, knowing him. They employ over 160,000 employees.

Donald Trump: They have 750 major container vessels worldwide. And I'm thrilled to announce that he's going to be investing $20 billion into the United States because of the election, the election results, which comes along with a lot of other things like great protections and other things. This massive investment will go toward building out shipping, logistics, infrastructure and terminals, which will create an estimated 10,000 new jobs in America.

Donald Trump: It's so important because it's about shipping. You know, we lost our way. For many years, we haven't done anything. We used to build a ship a day and now we essentially don't build ships. We're going to start that. And we're going to be announcing next week or the week after a massive new program for building very large, the largest ships in the world.

Donald Trump: And it'll have to do with incentives, taxes. They'll be coming from all over the world just like they are with cars with what we've done with tariffs. And we have at least seven new major car plants that are going to be starting very shortly because of what we're doing with the tariffs, which will primarily start on April the 2nd. Much of it will.

Donald Trump: Most of the tariffs go in April the 2nd. Right now, we have some temporary ones and small ones on -- relatively small, although it's a lot of money having to do with Mexico and Canada. And -- but the predominant tariffs will go -- they'll be reciprocal in nature. They'll be going on April the 2nd. So we'll be talking about that.

Donald Trump: It'll be a big game changer for our country. Because we've been ripped off by every country in the world. And now whatever they charge us, they charge us 150, 200 percent. And we charge them nothing. So whatever they charge us, we're going to charge them. And there'll be no getting out of it. So we look forward to April 2nd. I've been looking forward to that date for a long time.

Donald Trump: I had it as April 1st, but I didn't want to be hit for April Fool's Day. I'm a very superstitious person. So we made it April 2nd. It probably cost us a lot of money doing that, but it's OK. I feel better about it. And that'll be something very big. But I'd like to ask Rudolph if you'd say a few words, please, about what you're going to do and also about the possibility of ship building in our country, please.

Rodolphe Saadé: Thank you very much, Mr. President. Yes, indeed we are CMA CGM, one of the leaders in shipping and logistics around the world. We are very enthusiastic about this big announcement of today. We are investing $20 billion in shipping and logistics. This means the creation of 10,000 new American jobs. We're also looking at investing in ship building of container vessels.

Rodolphe Saadé: And we most probably will be making also announcement in the next coming weeks. And we would like also, Mr. President, to go for more US flag vessels. And we will go from ten that we operate today to 30 US flag ships. And hopefully, doing more in the months to come. Thank you very much, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Thank you, and congratulations on your great success. He's built one of the -- with his father before him, built one of the great shipping empires of the world, and that is -- I never heard 750, that's sounds like a lot to me. Doesn't it, huh?

Rodolphe Saadé: It is, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: That's a fantastic company, congratulations.

Rodolphe Saadé: Thank you.

Donald Trump: Really great job and an honor, a real honor to have you. Why is it that more people don't have American flags? They don't have -- they seem to have Panamanian flags and Liberian flags. They don't seem to have a lot of American flags.

Rodolphe Saadé: But this will change, Mr. President. You will have more ships with us flag as we move forward. And you can count on us to do as much as we can.

Donald Trump: That's very good. It's true, the other countries take advantage of us even on that. So we're going to be changing that around. And I appreciate you coming up and even bringing it to our attention. It's really a great thing. Thank you very much.

Rodolphe Saadé: Thank you, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Appreciate it. Will, could you come over?

Will Scharf: Yes, sir.

Donald Trump: We're going to sign some executive orders.

Will Scharf: Sir, your administration has made it a priority both to end lawfare and the weaponization of government and also to hold those who have engaged in lawfare accountable. One of those -- one of the law firms that has been involved in that is called Perkins Coie. That's also a law firm that has engaged in unlawful DEI practices.

Will Scharf: This executive order will suspend --

Donald Trump: And I've watched it take place.

Will Scharf: This executive order will suspend security clearances and access to certain federal resources for that law firm and also launch a holistic review of unlawful DEI practices at some of the nation's largest law firms.

Donald Trump: This is an absolute honor to sign. What they've done is -- it's just terrible. It's weaponization. You could say weaponization against a political opponent. And it should never be allowed to happen again. And you're looking at about 15 different firms.

Will Scharf: That or more, sir. Yes.

Donald Trump: Good.

Will Scharf: Thank you, sir. One of the tools the left has consistently used to frustrate good government policies has been the use of injunctions and temporary restraining orders. Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 65(c) allows for an essentially a demand for an injunction bond for folks who are seeking temporary restraining orders and injunctions to post a bond before they're allowed to proceed in court.

Will Scharf: This Presidential memorandum would order the Department of Justice and its litigating components to -- to seek those injunction bonds whenever someone tries to challenge our policies in court. So that when they end up losing in court, and we believe that they will end up losing in court, that they can be held financially responsible for the disruption to federal activities that their actions have caused.

Donald Trump: Great. Something they've wanted to do a long time, right? They've been looking to do this for years.

Will Scharf: Yes, sir.

Donald Trump: And why? They just never got it.

Will Scharf: This is a rule that's been on the books for a very long time. We've just -- the Department of Justice has been very inconsistent in seeking these bonds.

Donald Trump: From a legal standpoint, really a very big thing. Thank you.

Will Scharf: Thank you, sir. In order to protect American car manufacturers and American farmers, we have two modifications to the EPA tariffs that have already been announced against Canada and Mexico. This first order relates to Canada. Essentially, what it will allow for is the flow of parts and subassembly products into America to allow American car manufacturers to continue building cars.

Will Scharf: It basically excludes USMCA eligible goods from existing tariffs. And also in order to -- to help our farmers at this crucial time of year, we're going to be reducing the tariff imposed on Canadian potash from 25 percent to 10 percent. So this is a modification to our tariff regime to protect American car manufacturers and American farmers.

Donald Trump: It basically makes it more fair for our car manufacturers during this short term period before April 2nd. April 2nd is a little bit different. That will be much more significant. But this -- during this interim period, between now and April 2nd, this makes it much more favorable for our American car manufacturers.

Donald Trump: OK. Can you see that, Peter? Look. Nice to be tall, Peter, right? [Laughter]

Unidentified: I see right over everybody. [Laughter]

Donald Trump: You can see it. It. So nice. [Laughter] That's why he such a gentlemen, he doesn't have to rush.

Will Scharf: OK. And this is the same just for Mexico, sir, the previous one.

Donald Trump: The same thing for Mexico. So, that's one for Canada, one for Mexico.

Will Scharf: Yes, sir.

Donald Trump: They've been in the news lately, haven't they? And I spoke to the president of Mexico, a wonderful woman today. And we helped them out with a problem they were having, having to do with the tariffs, short term tariffs. And we had a very good conversation. Also, we discussed drugs. And they were working much harder lately, do you notice that, on people coming in and drugs.

Donald Trump: And we've made tremendous progress on both.

Question: President Trump, what's your thought about why the markets are so spooked? Do you think they don't like the tariffs or do they not like the uncertainty with some of the changes that have been the carve outs?

Donald Trump: Well, a lot of them are globalist countries and companies that won't be doing as well because we're taking back things that have been taken from us many years ago. We've been treated very unfairly as a country. We protect everybody. We do everything for all these countries. And a lot of these are globalist in nature.

Donald Trump: You know, they have -- if you're outside of the United States, you know, it's going to be a little bit different. We just weren't treated right. We were ripped off as a country. I've been saying it for a long time. And I did it to a certain extent in the first administration. But with COVID coming in, we had to focus on that toward the end.

Donald Trump: But we had the greatest economy in history in the first administration. And I think we'll do even better now. But this is something that we have to do. There will always be a little short term interruption. I don't think it's going to be big. But um, the countries and companies that have been ripping us aren't particularly happy with what I'm doing.

Donald Trump: But the United States will be very happy. And you know, our farmers are going to be very happy. And again, there'll be disruption. But in the end, I said it before with China, we signed an unbelievable deal with China, $50 billion in purchases. And we're doing great. Biting, however, when he came in, he never -- they never enforced that deal, so. So that's the only thing that basically you have globalist companies that have been ripping us off that won't be able to rip us off any longer.

Donald Trump: I think that's what the big charge is.

Question: Have you been influenced by some of these exemptions that have been announced in some of these temporary delays? Have you been influenced in those decisions because of the market reaction?

Donald Trump: Well, there are no delays at all. No, nothing to do with the market. I'm not even looking at the market. Because long term, the United States will be very strong with what's happening here. Now these are countries and companies, foreign companies that have been ripping us off, no president did anything about it until I came along.

Donald Trump: And then I did a lot about it. You know, we took in, in tariffs from China $600 billion. Nobody else took in $0.10 from China. They never did. But when COVID came along, we had a focus on COVID. We did a great job. We got rid of that. We ended up handing over with a market that was higher than it was previous to COVID coming in. But this is very much about companies and countries that have ripped off this country, our country, our beloved USA And they're not going to be ripping us off anymore.

Donald Trump: So, you know, I think that has an impact on the market.

Question: Mr. President?

Will Scharf: Sir, this is a -- this is a slate of nominees that's been prepared by the Presidential Personnel Office. It includes a number of subcabinet level appointments, a number of your ambassadors that have been previously announced. And also, crucially given the administration's concerted effort to focus on violent crime.

Will Scharf: It includes a number of US attorneys in major cities that have real crime problems.

Donald Trump: OK, some very good people too.

Will Scharf: Thank you, sir. And then, we have a number of ceremonial proclamations that Lindsey Halligan, is going to --

Lindsey Halligan: Thank you.

Donald Trump: Hi.

Lindsey Halligan: So two very special proclamations. The first of which is a proclamation that proclaims March 2025 as Women's History Month. In honor of all the wonderful women in your administration, all the wonderful women in America and in -- in honor of everything you've done for women and this administration has done for women in and just what, a month and a half, so.

Donald Trump: Yeah, we've done a lot. And women have done a lot for us, right? This is an honor. We have a wonderful woman here, Maria Bartiromo.

Maria Bartiromo: Thank you so much.

Donald Trump: Nice to have you, Maria.

Maria Bartiromo: Thank you very much, Mr. President and thanks for all that you're doing for women.

Donald Trump: Thank you. She's going to do an interview of me later. Maybe I shouldn't do this interview. I should be like Biden not doing the interviews. [Laughter] That's great. Women, we love you. [Laughter]

Unidentified: We love you too, sir.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Lindsey Halligan: OK.

Will Scharf: Thanks, Lindsey.

Lindsey Halligan: So the second one is a proclamation proclaiming March 2025 as Irish American Heritage Month in honor of -- or to commemorate our amazing friendship between America and Ireland. And to, um, just honor all of the Irish Americans. And I'm a little bit biased because I'm American and Irish, but?

Donald Trump: OK. Yeah, well, they're great people. Yeah, great people.

Lindsey Halligan: And St. Patrick's Day is coming up as well.

Donald Trump: And they voted for me in heavy numbers, so I like them even more. [Laughter] You have to like it. You know, you're not supposed to, but you have to like that. All right. So for the Irish American people, proclamation. OK. Thanks.

Question: Mr. President?

Donald Trump: Thanks, Lindsey.

Question: On the tariffs -- Mr. President -- Your -- your envoy, Steve Witkoff, told us a little while ago that if Hamas does not release hostages that the US and Israel could take some action. What does that mean in your eyes? Is that military action? Would you join strikes with Israel?

Donald Trump: Well, you going to find out. I had the honor of spending a lot of time yesterday with quite a few of the people that we got out. And I can't believe how badly treated they were. Really badly treated they were. Stories that you wouldn't even believe. Some of it was documented. Some of it was so bad, you couldn't really -- I don't think you could put it on. And it's a shame.

Donald Trump: And -- and they said one thing, they have 59 hostages of which many of them are killed. And they want to know if we could just continue. They said without us -- look, Biden wasn't able to get anybody out. We came along and they started releasing, but we have 59 left of which 24 are living. The rest are -- are dead.

Donald Trump: And we -- I put out a statement. It's sort of self-explanatory I think. But somebody's going to have to get a lot rougher than they're getting. It's a shame. And those 24 that are living because they were with them just two weeks ago or three weeks ago depending on when they got out. But they said they're in very bad shape.

Question: You spoke today with your cabinet members and Elon Musk.

Donald Trump: I did.

Question: Um, what did you tell them in regards to Elon Musk and his authorities to carry out actions?

Donald Trump: We had a great meeting. We had Elon and we had some of the representatives that -- for -- you know the business reps. We also had most of the cabinet members, not all of them. It doesn't really pertain to all of them, but many of them. And I thought it was a really good meeting. It was about cutting. Because we have -- everybody knows the country is way out of control in terms of the number of people.

Donald Trump: We have many people that don't work. We have many people probably that aren't even living, that are getting checks. And we're finding all of that out. And it's being reported. We're going to save hundreds of billions of dollars. We've already saved a lot. And parts of it are contracts that are expired that we're paying on. Many crazy things that, you know, you can see it happening.

Donald Trump: It shouldn't happen, but you can see it happening. You see a lot of it being put out. But the other thing I think most important for today, I want the cabinet members to keep good people. I don't want to see a big cut where a lot of good people are cut. I want the cabinet members to keep the good people and the people that aren't doing a good job that are unreliable don't show up to work, etc., those people can be cut.

Donald Trump: So I had a meeting. And I said I want the cabinet members go first, keep all the people you want, everybody that you need. And it would be better if they were there for two years instead of two weeks. Because in two years they'll know the people better. But I want them to do the best job they can. When we have good people, those -- that's precious, that's very important.

Donald Trump: And we want them to keep the good people. And so we're going to be watching them. And Elon and the group are going to be watching them. And if they can cut, it's better. And if they don't cut, then Elon will do the cutting.

Question: So -- Mr. President --

Note: [Crosstalk]

Question: -- is that a reflection, if you think DOGE and Elon Musk have been moving too quickly?

Donald Trump: No, no, I think they've done an amazing job. They've done an amazing job. And look at what they found. I read it the other night in the speech. I mean, they found these things where billions of dollars has been poured down the drain. To things -- that's not about people, that's about contracts where billions and billions of dollars was just thrown out the window.

Donald Trump: It probably got kickbacks. I'm sure there were tremendous kickbacks for the people that authorized those contracts. But no, Elon has been really teaching everybody about the numbers that you can do. But what I want is I want the numbers, but I also want to keep the good people. We want to get rid of the people that aren't working, that aren't showing up and have a lot of problems.

Donald Trump: And so they're working together with you on. And I think we're doing a really great job. We're cutting it down. We have to for the sake of our country. We have -- you can't have that kind of fat, it's bloat, and like nobody's ever seen before. Where you need 20,000 and they have 120,000 people, and you just don't need that many.

Donald Trump: And it happens with companies, and it happens with governments. I guess you could go to a lot of governments and you'd see the same thing. But we're trying to get it down. We want to be able next year if we could balance the budget, I think there's a good chance we could balance the budget next year. We have a lot of good things happening.

Donald Trump: Plus we have a lot of revenue things happening. Like today with the shipbuilding. Uh, and this gentleman behind me is going to create a lot of jobs. And you know, he's about the biggest there is in the world. Uh, we had the biggest chip maker in the world here a few days ago. He's going to be spending $200 billion on building plants.

Donald Trump: We're not giving them any money to build anything. You know, it's not -- that CHIPS Act is ridiculous where the Biden thing where they give billions of dollars to people that have nothing but money. They're not going to spend that money. They're just taking that money. We're giving nothing. They're coming in because of the tariffs.

Donald Trump: Because they don't want to pay the tariffs. And they're opening up big, so. But with respect to people, I said I want to cut the people, but I want to keep the good people.

Question: Mr. President? Mr. President? On tariffs, sir? Can you walk us through the next steps on this? Steel and aluminum tariffs are due to kick in next week on Canada and Mexico and every other country.

Donald Trump: Right.

Question: Are those going to be modified as well?

Donald Trump: No, those are modified. Those are happening next week. And the big one will be on April 2nd when reciprocal tariffs. So if India or China or any of the countries that really -- India is a very high tariff nation. I'll tell you what's a high tariff nation is Canada. Canada charges US 250 percent for our milk product and other product and a tremendous tariff on lumber and things as such.

Donald Trump: And yet we don't need their lumber. We have more lumber than they do. We don't need Canada's lumber. So what I'm doing is I'll be signing an executive order freeing up our forests so that we're allowed to take down trees and make a lot of money and then re-harvest trees. Also we're cutting fire divides. A fire divide is a 50 yard to 70 yard swath where the trees can't -- you know, it's long enough so trees don't burn forever until you can get them out.

Donald Trump: And those trees can be sold and made a lot of money with, so. But we'll be doing that. We don't need trees from Canada. We don't need cars from Canada. We don't need energy from Canada. We don't need anything from Canada. So where we can be self-sustaining, which is in most things. Look, we have more oil and gas than anybody.

Donald Trump: Our forests are massive, massive forests. We're just not allowed to use them because of the environmental lunatics that stopped us. So I'm going to be freeing that up very shortly so that we don't have to go to other countries to buy lumber.

Unidentified: Good.

Donald Trump: You know, why should we be buying lumber from other countries, paying tariffs, paying big prices, extraordinary prices and we have lumber. We have the best lumber. Go ahead.

Question: And this USMCA exemption that you're essentially announcing today for this one month.

Donald Trump: Just -- it's just a modification short term because I didn't want to hurt the American -- it would have hurt the American car companies if I did that.

Question: Would you consider the same sort of exemption or pause for the auto tariffs you're talking about next month?

Donald Trump: We're not looking at that. No.

Question: You're not -- you're not --

Donald Trump: No, no, we're not looking at that. No, no.

Note: [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Question: TPS for the Ukrainians who live here in the US?

Donald Trump: What about it?

Question: Are you considering revoking the TPS status for the more than 200,000 Ukrainians who live here in the US?

Donald Trump: What -- what are you saying? I don't know, --

Question: Um, the Ukrainians that are here in the US.

Donald Trump: Yeah, yeah.

Question: They're under TPS --

Unidentified: Temporary protective status.

Question: GPS? TPS -- TPS --

Unidentified: Temporary protective status.

Donald Trump: Oh, I thought you said GPS.

Question: TPS.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Question: Uh, there -- there were some news saying that they were going to be revoked, and they were going to be deported from the country. Are you considering that?

Donald Trump: Well, we're not looking to hurt anybody. And we're certainly not looking to hurt them. And I'm looking at that. And there were some people that think that's appropriate, and some people don't. And I'll be making a decision pretty soon. OK?

Question: President Trump --

Donald Trump: But we're not -- we're not looking to hurt them.

Question: President Trump --

Donald Trump: Especially Ukrainians. They've gone through a lot. Yeah, Peter?

Question: The clocks are going to spring forward on Sunday. When are you going to get rid of daylight savings time?

Donald Trump: OK. Are you ready? [Laughter] So this should be the easiest one of all, but it's a 50/50 issue. And if something's a 50/50 issue, it's hard to get excited about it. I assume people would like to have more light later, but some people want to have more light earlier because they don't want to take their kids to school in the dark.

Donald Trump: And it's very much -- it's a little bit one way, but it's very much a 50/50 issue. And it's something I can do. But a lot of people like it one way, a lot of people like it the other way. It's very even. And usually I find when that's the case, what else do we have to do?

Question: And I got to ask because you were talking about this in your joint address. You were talking about Butler. It's been seven months. Why do you think we don't know more about the guy who shot you in the ear?

Donald Trump: Yeah, no, well and the second one with all of his cell phones, so. Uh, I want to find the answers. I've told them. In fact, today, I said I want to fight. We can no longer blame Biden for that one. Sheesh, he should have released that a long time ago. So, they are giving me a report next week sometime. And I do believe I'll be releasing.

Donald Trump: I want to release the report. A lot of people have asked that question. You had one who had three apps, two of which were foreign, supposedly, and who has the biggest white shoe law firm in Pennsylvania, even though they don't live in necessarily a white shoe area. What's that all about? Is Laura, you know, the law firm.

Donald Trump: The other one had seven or six cell phones. And I don't have six cell phones. And why would somebody have six cell phones? So we're going to be releasing a report on that soon, Peter.

Question: But -- Mr. President? Based on what you're saying right there, the lack of information and the data points that you just gave, does that make you think that there's some part of -- that there's some bigger --

Donald Trump: It could be. Well, it makes other people think that. It makes me think it a little bit, too. I say when you have three apps, and two of them are foreign, and you had an FBI that wouldn't report on it, they didn't want to say why, I would say that could be suspicious. And then on the second assassin you had, you know -- And by the way, I have to tell you, Secret Service did a great job on that by spotting him.

Donald Trump: But on the second one, he had six cell phones. That's a lot of cell phones. And a couple of them had some strange markings on them. So, yeah, I want to find out. And I would be willing to release it. I mean, maybe there's a reason that we shouldn't, so I don't want to get too far ahead of my skis. But yeah, I would be very willing to release that.

Donald Trump: I'd like to see it. I want to see it myself.

Question: Mr. President? Mr. President?

Donald Trump: Not only you, I want to see that one myself.

Question: Mr. President? May I?

Donald Trump: Yes.

Question: President Macron yesterday said that France was ready to offer its nuclear protection to other European countries. What do you make of it? And in this case, would the US also maintain a nuclear umbrella for European countries?

Donald Trump: Well, France is also willing to put soldiers into Ukraine for safety reasons if we can get it. I will say that we've made a lot of progress with Ukraine and a lot of progress with Russia over the last couple of days. And it would be great to bring that to an end, so we don't have to talk that way about nuclear.

Donald Trump: It'd be great if everybody would get rid of their nuclear weapons. You know, we have Russia and us have by far the most. China will have an equal amount within four or five years. And it would be great if we could all denuclearize. Because the power of nuclear weapons. It is crazy is crazy. And you know, I was very far along a process with Russia despite the Russia, Russia, Russia, hoax, which didn't make it easy.

Donald Trump: It was a total hoax, a total rigged hoax by some bad people. But despite that, I was very close to having a program with Russia, a denuclearization. And we were going to get China. I spoke to President Xi about it. And he would have been very happy to have gone along with it, but uh, bad things happened.

Donald Trump: Like an election that was rigged happened. And so, we had to come back four years later. But I would very much like to start those talks. The opposite of what you say the denuclearization would be incredible.

Question: Mr. President? On the auto tariffs that you were talking about, I know yesterday you spoke with the big three. Did you tell them that no more exemptions were on the way? And what was their reaction?

Donald Trump: I told them that's it. This was a short term deal. And they came back to me yesterday and they said could we have some help on the tariffs because of the speed. And I said look, I'm going to do it, but that's it. Don't come back to me after the second, April 2nd. I don't want to hear from you after April 2nd. We're not going to be doing it anymore.

Donald Trump: I want to help them.

Question: What was their response?

Donald Trump: They didn't complain. But I helped them short term during this short term transition. April 2nd is going to be a very big day for America.

Note: [Crosstalk]

Question: Mr. President? Mr. President? My understanding is that the long standing US policy is that we do not negotiate with terrorists, so how did you come to the decision to send somebody from your team to negotiate with Hamas?

Donald Trump: We are having discussions with Hamas. We are helping Israel in those discussions because we're talking about, uh, Israeli hostages. And we're not doing anything in terms of Hamas. We're not giving cash. We're not giving $6 billion like you hear other administrations give. And in fact, I got 59 hostages out and we gave nothing.

Donald Trump: In 59, we gave nothing, not including what's going on with Hamas. I mean, I consider that something where we're helping Israel for the most part. We had a couple of hostages as you know. We got a couple of hostages out. American hostages.

Question: Mr. President? And were you --

Donald Trump: But certainly, Peter, you know, I do have to negotiate. There's a difference between negotiating and -- and paying. Uh, we want to get these people out. If you would have seen the people yesterday, maybe you did, I don't know, but if you would have seen them the way they spoke about their captivity, it was unbelievable.

Donald Trump: It was terrible.

Question: Are you thinking about making any changes to NATO where a NATO country gets attacked, but they're not paying enough dues, so the United States doesn't defend them?

Donald Trump: Well, I've said that to them. I said if you're not going to pay, we're not going to defend. I said that seven years ago. And because of that, they paid hundreds of billions of dollars. I said if you're not going to pay your bills, we're not going to defend you. And it also went for the attack. But if they got attacked, they said, well, does that mean you won't defend us? I said, are you current or are you delinquent?

Donald Trump: They said if we were delinquent, would you? I said, nope, I would not. And because of that, as you know, hundreds of billions of dollars came into net. You wouldn't have NATO right now if I weren't there. And your previous secretary general has said that he said he's never seen anything like it. When I came to NATO, when I first had my first meeting, I noticed that people weren't paying their bills at all.

Donald Trump: And I said, I should wait till my second meeting. And I did. And I brought that up. And I said if you don't pay your bills, we're not going to participate. We're not going to protect you. And when I said that, as soon as I said that it was amazing how the money came in. The money came in and now they have money.

Donald Trump: But even now, it's not enough, it's really not enough. They should be paying more.

Question: Mr. President, a question on the investment, sir? You've overseen about $2 trillion worth of domestic private sector investments come in in just about two months. This is the newest one. It comes after your announcement of a new shipbuilding office at the White House during your joint session to Congress.

Question: Can you talk about why this is important, not only for national security but to continue the renaissance of domestic manufacturing?

Donald Trump: Well, we have to maintain a strong country. We have to maintain, and we want to pay off debt. We have a lot of debt, but that'll start coming off quickly when this all comes around. Look, we've been supporting the whole world. You mentioned NATO and you mentioned other things. We've been supporting the whole world.

Donald Trump: When I first came in, we were paying almost 100 percent of NATO. NATO was -- it was crazy. We were supporting NATO. We were paying the bills for other countries. And yet, those same countries, mostly European, you know, the European countries were ripping us off in trade. They won't take our cars. They wouldn't take our agricultural products.

Donald Trump: They wouldn't take anything. We were taking their cars by the millions. Mercedes and BMW and you know, your little Volkswagen, all of them. We were taking their cars. They weren't taking it. We were taking their farm products. They weren't taking ours. It was a total rip off. And yet, we were protecting them by giving them the money.

Donald Trump: And you know, that adds up to a bad -- a bad number at the end of a lot of years. And that's what happened. And now it's time for this country to stop being ripped off. I had that done very much in the first administration, but then we had to focus on other things at the very end with COVID. And uh, but we had the greatest economy in history.

Donald Trump: We had the greatest economy in history. I think we're going to redo it here, but even better. And I wanted to do what we're doing now in the first term, but we had so many other things to do. We had to fix the border, which we did. We had to fix our military. We rebuilt our military. We completely rebuilt the military only to watch Biden give so much of it away to Afghanistan, if you can believe it. It's not even believable.

Donald Trump: It's not even believable what he did. The damage that that man did or that administration did to this country is -- is frankly not even believable.

Note: [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: And in particular -- and in particular, allowing millions and millions of people to come into our country. Many of them were murderers and -- and drug dealers and gang members and people from prison for very heinous crimes. For him to allow those people into our country. And now, we're spending tremendous amounts of time and effort.

Donald Trump: Nikki and Tom Homan, who's doing an unbelievable job, but we shouldn't -- we shouldn't have to be spending anything on that. We had the safest border ever. Now, we have actually, as you saw, the numbers just came out where we have actually the lowest numbers in the history of our country. But we shouldn't have had to do that.

Donald Trump: What we -- what we're doing now is we're looking for murderers. Can you believe it? We're looking for murderers because thousands of murderers, some, some -- about 50 percent killed more than one person. One killed five or seven. And we're looking for those people right now. We shouldn't have to be looking for them.

Donald Trump: President Trump, on Peter's question, are you going to make that policy US policy that the US wouldn't defend NATO countries that don't pay -- Well, I think it's common sense, right? If they don't pay, I'm not going to defend them. No, I'm not going to defend them. I got into a lot of heat when I said that.

Donald Trump: You said, oh, he's violating NATO. And you know the biggest problem I have with NATO, I really, you know, I mean, I know the guys very well, they're friends of mine, but if the United States was in trouble and we called them, we said we got a problem, France, we got a problem, a couple of others I won't mention.

Donald Trump: Do you think they're going to come and protect us? They're supposed to. I'm not so sure. So you know, with Japan --

Note: [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: -- you know, with Japan we have a deal, which is a very interesting one. And I love Japan. We have a great relationship with Japan, but we have an interesting deal with Japan that we have to protect them, but they don't have to protect us. Did you know that? That's the way the deal reads. We have to protect Japan.

Donald Trump: And by the way, they make a fortune with us economically. There's another case. But we have to protect Japan, but under no circumstances do they have to protect us. I actually ask who makes these deals? Yeah, Peter?

Question: Well, so why stay in NATO at all?

Donald Trump: Um, I view NATO as potentially good, but you got to get -- you got to get some good thinking in NATO. It's very unfair what's been happening. Until I came along, we were paying close to 100 percent of NATO. So think of it, we're paying 100 percent of their military and they're screwing us on trade.

Question: And when Zelenskyy inevitably comes back to the White House, what do you expect from him? And do you think you'll see him in a necktie?

Donald Trump: Well, I think what's going to happen is Ukraine wants to make a deal. Because I don't think they have a choice. I also think that Russia wants to make a deal. Because in a certain different way, a different way that only I know, only I know, they have no choice either.

Question: Are you still thinking of going to Saudi Arabia and meeting with Putin about this?

Donald Trump: I don't know. I can't tell you. I'm going to Saudi Arabia.

Question: Mr. President -- They've been --

Donald Trump: You know, I've -- I've --

Question: You know, --

Donald Trump: I've made a deal with Saudi Arabia where because normally you'd go to UK first. And last time I went to Saudi Arabia, they put up $450 million. You know that right? You were there. We had a -- we had American companies that took in $450 million. I said, well, this time they've gotten richer. We've all gotten older.

Donald Trump: So I said I'll go if you pay $1 trillion, $1 trillion to American companies, meaning the purchase over a four year period of $1 trillion. And they've agreed to do that. So I'm going to be going there. And I have a great relationship with them. And they've been very nice. But they're going to be spending a lot of money to American companies for buying military equipment and a lot of other things.

Question: So is that a trip in the near future?

Donald Trump: Well, probably over the next month and a half, yeah.

Question: Mr. President? Mr. President, you told us a couple of weeks ago that you were looking to speak with President Xi of China. That hasn't happened. How come? And what are you waiting for?

Donald Trump: Well, I've spoken to him, yeah.

Question: Since -- since that last phone call?

Donald Trump: I don't want to say that, but I have spoken to him. Yeah, please.

Question: Yeah, Mr. President, regarding --

Donald Trump: I have a great relationship with President Xi.

Question: But you've spoken to him --

Donald Trump: It was hurt because of COVID.

Question: Thank you, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: That's why I don't call it the China virus anymore. He said, please don't call it the China virus.

Question: But -- but to be clear, you've spoken to him since January 17th?

Donald Trump: I want to say that, but I have spoken to him.

Question: Thank you, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: And I speak to him a lot.

Question: Regarding this executive order you signed revoking security clearances at Perkins Coie. Um, do you think there should be more steps like this to be taken against other people involved in the Russia collusion?

Donald Trump: I do, but that's going to be up ultimately to the attorney general and various other people.

Question: Absolutely. Mr. President -- Just as a follow up. The other night, you know, we saw Democrats behavior during your joint address to Congress.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Question: Do you think it shows just how out of touch they are with the American people, especially given that 79 percent, according to a CBS poll approved of your -- of your --

Donald Trump: I love this guy. Who are you with?

Question: My name is Nick Gilbertson with Breitbart News.

Donald Trump: I see. I really liked your questions.

Question: Thank you very much, Mr. President. Sir, regarding the executive order?

Donald Trump: The answer is just -- Nick, just to -- and I know your name very well, good job, you do.

Question: Thank you.

Donald Trump: Yeah, the answer is I thought it was very embarrassing for the Democrats what happened the other night. And that's not said for any other reason other than it's obvious. It's a fact. Even -- even CNN fake news said that. They came out and they said it. And worse than CNN is MSNBC, which is the worst. And the good news is very few people watch them anymore.

Donald Trump: They have lost such credibility. And frankly, what Nicole Wallace said, uh, I've never been a fan of hers, but -- and she's not very talented. But I'll tell you what she said the other day about that young man is disgraceful. She should be forced to resign. And Rachel Maddow should be forced to resign. Nobody watches her anyway.

Donald Trump: I don't know if -- it's not possible they pay her as much money as I hear, but certainly she's lost all credibility, both of them. But what they -- what they said the other day they should be forced to resign about that young person who is -- who is suffering greatly. Thank you, Nick.

Question: Will you -- will you extend -- Mr. President -- If a TikTok deal is not made on the timeline you gave, will you extend that? Will you --

Donald Trump: Probably.

Question: You will? OK, because --

Donald Trump: Yeah, I think -- look, we have a lot of interest in TikTok. Uh, and China is going to play a role. And so, hopefully, China will approve of the deal.

Question: Mr. President --

Donald Trump: But they're going to play a role.

Question: Are you closely --

Donald Trump: But we have a lot -- we have a lot of interest in TikTok.

Question: How long would you extend it? And how close are you to it?

Donald Trump: Well, we'll see. But if I need -- I know right now we have at least another month, so we don't need an extension. But if I needed an extension, I'd probably get it extended. Yeah?

Note: [Crosstalk]

Question: Mr. President, regarding the executive order, there was talk that you might sign one winding down the education department.

Donald Trump: Which -- which department?

Question: The education department. Are you having second thoughts on that?

Donald Trump: No, no, no.

Question: What's the --

Donald Trump: No, no, I want to bring the schools -- I want to bring the schools back to the states. And you know, I've said it a hundred times, we're ranked at the bottom of the list and yet we spend more. We're ranked number one for -- for cost per student. We're ranked at the bottom of the list in education. And I know if I bring it back to Iowa, Indiana, Idaho, all these great states, I think I could say 40 states.

Donald Trump: I want to bring it back. Ten states won't be perfect, five states will be probably not so good. But they will be every bit as good as Norway and Denmark and Sweden and all of the states that are rated at the top. If you tell me about Indiana and some of these great states that run really well, Iowa, you tell me about those states, and if they run their own education, they're going to do a lot better than somebody sitting in Washington, DC that couldn't care less about the pupils out in the Midwest.

Question: Mr. President -- [Inaudible] sign that? And when would you sign that order?

Donald Trump: Well, I want to just do it. I mean, we're starting the process. We're trying to get the schools back into the states. Let the states run the schools. And I'll tell you. You'll see something it's going to -- it's going to blow your mind. It'll be run so well, the school system. And I also believe in school choice.

Donald Trump: But that will take care of itself.

Question: A follow up to that, Mr. President? If the education department were eliminated, how would you see sort of what department -- what agency would handle student loans and the other types of federal grants that --

Donald Trump: That would be brought in -- yeah, that would be brought in into either Treasury or Small Business Administration or Commerce. And we've actually had that discussion today. I don't think the education should be handling the loans. That's not their business. I think it will be brought into Small Business, maybe.

Donald Trump: Kelly really liked it and really would like to do it. So the loans would be brought into a group where they really do that. And I think [Inaudible]. That is, by the way, the most complicated thing in moving, but it's very simple if you do that. [Crosstalk]

Question: [Inaudible] rejected your plan to move out more than 2 million people out of Gaza. What's your reaction to that? And to Egypt's plan and to this meeting that happened --

Donald Trump: Out of Gaza?

Question: Yeah.

Donald Trump: I think that Gaza is a mess. And I think that Gaza could be good. I think it's got to be run properly. But right now, Gaza is an absolute mess. And it has been for many, many years and decades. Yeah, Peter, did you have one more?

Question: I did, yeah, they had these two Starliner astronauts stuck in space for eight months. Have you spoken to them?

Donald Trump: Oh, boy. They left them alone. Biden left him up there.

Question: And what do you know about that? I --

Donald Trump: I know everything about it. I said we have two astronauts that are stuck in space. I have asked Elon, I said do me a favor. Can you get them out? He said yes. He is preparing to go up I think in two weeks, two and a half weeks.

Question: What you know about how this went down? Because he's saying that the Biden White House was offered some kind of SpaceX rocket to go get these guys. And they said, no.

Donald Trump: That's what I heard. I can't tell you that, but that's what I heard. But Biden was embarrassed by what happened. And he said leave them up there. I would have said if you're embarrassed, you got to get them out. Elon is right now preparing a ship to go up and get them.

Question: I'm sure that they will see this in space. What is your message to them?

Donald Trump: We love you. And we're coming up to get you. And you shouldn't have been up there so long. The most incompetent president in our history has allowed that to happen to you. But this president won't let -- it happen. We're going to get them out. We're coming up to get you. I've authorized Elon. I said, can you get them out?

Donald Trump: Because you know, they've been left up there. I hope they like each other. [Laughter] But they've been -- maybe they'll love each other. I don't know. But they've been left up there. Think of it. And I see the woman with the wild hair. Good, solid head of hair she's got. There's no kidding. There's no games with her hair, but -- uh and you know, there's a danger up there, too.

Donald Trump: They can have some failures up there. That would be very bad. You got to get them out. So I've -- I've authorized Elon a week ago, I said, you know, we have two people up there that Biden and Kamala left up there. And he knows it very well. I said, are you equipped to get him? And he said, yeah. He's got a starship.

Donald Trump: And they're preparing it right now. And so, Elon is going to go up and get them. Should I go on that journey just to be on the ship when we stop?

Question: If that's an option, yes.

Donald Trump: I should do it. Oh, that's terrible. I thought he liked me. I thought he liked me.

Question: [Inaudible] space.

Donald Trump: I thought -- Maria, should I do it?

Question: Well, you should then --

Maria Bartiromo: Stay here.

Donald Trump: Maria likes me better.

Question: President Trump, should then come back from space --

Maria Bartiromo: Stay here.

Donald Trump: Well, when they come back, I'll greet them. How about that? [Laughter]

Question: Mr. President --

Donald Trump: No, no, we're going to get them out. I've authorized Elon Musk to go and get them. And he's prepared to do so.

Question: Mr. President, what are you making of the market sell off this week?

Donald Trump: I think it's just --

Question: What's [Inaudible] it?

Donald Trump: I think it's globalist that see how rich our country is going to be. And they don't like it. You know, it's a big market out there. But again, they've been ripping off this country for years. And now -- and they're going to do great. Everyone's going to do great. But we can't let this continue to happen to America.

Donald Trump: Otherwise, we're not going to have a country any longer. Thank you very much everybody.

Unidentified: Thank you, press. Thank you, sir.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. Great. Thank you, Nick.