Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-vip-reception-memecoin-dinner-may-22-2025

Donald Trump: What a nice place. Did you get to see the helicopters?

Unidentified: Yeah.

Unidentified: It was good seeing you.

Donald Trump: [Inaudible] covered up pretty good. I don't see a lot of window here. How do you like this location?

Unidentified: It's great.

Unidentified: It's great.

Donald Trump: Beautiful. Well, it's nice to be with you. We're gonna make a big speech in there so you'll hear it. So wait a minute. They're all dressed up in tuxedos.

Donald Trump: Why didn't you tell me that? I would've worn tuxedo. [Laughter] Uh, I just want to tell you, it's an honor to be with you. You know, we've been pushing, uh, the market of crypto and Bitcoin and all of it, everything. And uh, I do it for a reason, not for me. And I really do it 'cause I think it's the right thing to do. We wanna have this incredible market to ourselves.

Donald Trump: We wanna have it for this country, not for China, not for other countries. We wanna have it for the United States of America. So it's a very important -- and if you look during the last few months when the market looked like it was not doing so well, by the way, it's doing very well now and a lot of money's coming in.

Unidentified: All time high. Yeah.

Donald Trump: We went to, as you know, to the Middle East and just got back. And we brought back trillions of dollars from the Middle East. We went to Qatar, Saudi Arabia, UAE, we brought back trillions of dollars. It was amazing actually. I don't think there's ever been anything like it. But our country now is hot. And it's a year ago, six months ago, it was cold.

Donald Trump: It was a laughing stock. We had a president that had lot of problems, let's put it that way. He couldn't walk too well up say, up a flight of stairs. [Laughter] And the whole world was laughing at us, but they're not laughing anymore. We have the hottest country now in the whole world. And having, uh, crypto and Bitcoin, uh, in our market in that place, we're not gonna give it to other, we're not gonna give it up to another country.

Donald Trump: We want to be the leader in AI. We want to be the leader in crypto. We want to be the leader in everything. So it's very important to me. And, uh, we're doing something that the value of our country and the value of all of the, uh, people that are, you know, investing in our country and being with our country, that's what we want.

Donald Trump: And, uh, again, a year ago, two years ago, it was a whole different ballgame. As far as crypto is concerned. They were after crypto, as opposed to wanting crypto because it's good for the people, good for the country. It, it's a backup for the country. It really is a backup. But we had an SEC that was after everybody.

Donald Trump: Everybody was under investigation. It was a whole horrible thing, what they were doing to your industry. And we changed that. And now you're number one by far, you're way ahead of China, you're way ahead of any other country. There's no country that's even close. So it's an honor to have done that. And, uh, we're gonna make our country stronger than ever before.

Donald Trump: So I think that if you look at the United States in a year from now, it's only gonna get better, gonna go up, up, up. And, uh, you're gonna be a big part of it. You're all young, smart people, although let's say a couple of guys aren't so young [Inaudible] [Laughter] You're young, smart people and, uh, we respect you a lot.

Donald Trump: We respect you a lot. So it's an honor to be with you. And I hope you like the view. I hope you like the place 'cause it's quite a nice place. There's nothing like it. That's the Potomac River right outside. And, uh, you know, I, I say a lot of people have clubs and they call it river view, river bend the river this, river that, you don't see the river, it's five miles away. [Laughter] And I'm on the river.

Donald Trump: So, that's, uh, there's no question about where we are. We're on the river. So I just, have a good time. I'm going to be saying a few words inside so I won't duplicate it. But you're a very special group of people. Very smart, very good. And we're gonna keep the United States number one in crypto and everything else.

Donald Trump: And that's what, uh, that's why I'm here. And I'll go anywhere I can to promote the United States of America. Thank you all for being here.

Unidentified: Thank you.

Unidentified: Thank you. [Inaudible]