Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-bilat-amiri-diwan-doha-qatar-may-14-2025

Tamim bin Hamad Al Thani: So Mr. President, allow me, first of all, welcome to Qatar. We're extremely honored to have you here. We're very excited, very happy. It's a historic victory and I don't know if you know that you are the first American president to officially -- to visit Qatar, right? So we're very honored, we're very honored.

Tamim bin Hamad Al Thani: We're going to have um a great agenda today. We're going to be discussing a lot of things, of course what's going on between us, our great bilateral relationship, whether it's investment, energy, military cooperation, security as well. So we're very excited. Also, one of the very important things is bringing people in [inaudible]. Mr. President, I've known you for many years.

Tamim bin Hamad Al Thani: I know that you're a man of peace. I know that you want to bring peace to this region. We all want to do so and we hope that this time, we can do the right thing and bring peace here in the region, Mr. President. Also, two exciting things in your country. You're going to be hosting the World Cup.

Donald Trump: Right.

Tamim bin Hamad Al Thani: Football, and as you guys call it, soccer.

Donald Trump: Right.

Tamim bin Hamad Al Thani: You're going to be also hosting the Olympics as well, which is very, very, very, very important, the two biggest sports events. We were lucky that in 2022, we had the World Cup here in Qatar and there wasn't one incident during the World Cup.

Donald Trump: You did a great job.

Tamim bin Hamad Al Thani: We had 1.5 million people during these couple of weeks. We didn't have one incident. So we are also sharing our experience on how to deal with the World Cup, with your security forces. We have people visiting each other. So once again, Mr. President, thank you for this visit and you're welcome here in Qatar.

Donald Trump: Well, I have to say that we've been friends for a long time, hard to believe, right? I remember that first meeting very well and h we liked each other and we worked with each other and now we can work in the highest capacity and we'll bring peace not only here, but I know you're very much involved in helping us in other regions like what's happening with Russia, Ukraine, etc.

Donald Trump: And I think we're having some pretty good news coming out of there today and maybe tomorrow and maybe Friday, frankly, but we'll see about that. But I just want to thank you for everything and maybe in particular, our friendship. It's been a very loyal, great, beautiful friendship and the job you've done is second to none.

Donald Trump: You look at this, it's so beautiful. As a construction person, I'm seeing perfect marble. This is what they call perfecto and just a great job you've done and what a beautiful place. And we appreciate those camels. I haven't seen camels like that in a long time, and that was some greeting. We appreciate it very much.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.

Tamim bin Hamad Al Thani: Thank you very much.

Donald Trump: [Inaudible]

Tamim bin Hamad Al Thani: Thank you, sir. Thank you. Thank you so much. Thank you.