Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-bilateral-meeting-shigeru-ishiba-japan-february-7-2025

Donald Trump: Looks Looks like a nice group, are we all ready? Everybody set? Thank you very much, uh, it's a great honor to be with Prime Minister Ishiba of Japan. He's a highly respected man, doing a fantastic job. The people of Japan like him a lot, that's good, and, uh, it's a real honor to have him on the Oval Office.

Donald Trump: This is the first time he's been into the Oval Office and when people come in here, the first time they psyche -- they like to look for a little while and, uh, and he did, and it, it was, this represents some of our best presidents and, but it represents a lot of other things also, but up on the wall we have some of our best presidents over the years.

Donald Trump: And people enjoy it very much and enjoy being here, and it's a great honor to have you, thank you very much.

Shigeru Ishiba [Via Translator]: The honorable Mr. President. Thank you very much for inviting me to the White House today. From the bottom of my heart, I would like to express my sincere appreciation for the invitation. Through Mrs. Akie Abe, you kindly delivered your photo book, uh, for me, and on, on that, you gave me an autograph, you wrote, "Peace" for me, and I was really touched by your message.

Shigeru Ishiba [Via Translator]: And I've realized that the word peace represents what you care and I believe you remember, uh, what you had to experience during the presidential election, I remember that was last July, there was an assassination attempt, and I was very touched by your undaunted presence. That you stood up and also you raised your fist high in the sky.

Shigeru Ishiba [Via Translator]: And behind you there was a star-spangled banner with the blue sky, and that specific photo will be, uh, remembered as the, was one of the most unforgettable scene in the photo. And as I, I looked at the photo, I realized that through that experience you realized your mission, mainly you're going to win the election and also you're going to pursue your signature initiative of Make America Great Again and also you will redouble your efforts to bring peace unto the world, and that is why God saved you in that experience.

Shigeru Ishiba [Via Translator]: And I understand that you have been advocating, uh, the key signature initiative, Make America Great Again, and I understand that that actually reflects your deep compassion to the, uh, forgotten men and women. And just like you, since I took office as Prime Minister of Japan, I have been advocating, uh, my goal of regional revitalization and also local revitalization.

Shigeru Ishiba [Via Translator]: In Japan, as well in many of the suburban areas and rural areas, we do see many forgotten men and women, and I do hope to bring dream and hope for them. At this juncture, I am proud of the very good relationship between Japan and the United States uh there is a very close partnership and I do believe that it is Mr. President and late prime minister Shinzo Abe who laid the foundation for such robust relationship between our two countries.

Shigeru Ishiba [Via Translator]: So as we move forward together with Mr. President and also together with the United States, Japan and myself are determined to work hand in hand to bring peace to the world and also enable people to have their dream and their hope.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much that was beautiful, and I just want to say that Shinzo was a great friend of mine, so sad I was -- I couldn't have felt worse when that happened to him, that horrible event, but he also was a friend of yours and he had tremendous respect for you. And we'll talk about the different people in Japan, he had tremendous respect for you, as does Mrs.

Donald Trump: Abe. And, uh, when she came and visited at Mar-a-Lago, uh, she was uh terrifically impressed by the job you're doing and I thought it was very nice but Shinzo had tremendous regard for you and I know that you were a good friend of his too so it's just an honor on his behalf even to say it's just an honor to be with all of you.

Donald Trump: He was a good friend of mine, he was a wonderful man.

Shigeru Ishiba [Via Translator]: Not only among politicians, but also among general public, as well as business leaders, there are many, uh, that are anxiously waiting for your comeback, and let me cite one example. Mr Akio Toyoda, CEO of Toyota, is actually, uh, my friend from high school as well, as well as college days, and he, uh, confessed to me that he was also anxiously waiting for your victory and your comeback.

Shigeru Ishiba [Via Translator]: And when I talked to him, he shared, uh, with me his future plan to announce more investment to the United States and also to create more jobs in the United States. Another example is the SoftBank Group CEO, Masayoshi Son, or Masa, who happens to be a longtime friend of my foreign minister, Minister Iwaya.

Shigeru Ishiba [Via Translator]: He also, uh, had a chance to see me, together with Mr Altman, CEO of OpenAI, and Masa also shared, uh, his vision to bring more investment to the United States. Japan has been the largest investor for the United States in the last five consecutive years, and building upon that, we are ready to further increase our investment to the United States.

Shigeru Ishiba [Via Translator]: And also, uh, there is another good news that I would like to deliver to you. A Japanese automaker, Isuzu, has a plan to uh create a factory in the United States in the near future. And as I touched upon the example of Toyota, they also have, uh, another plan to expand, uh, their factories as well as start to operate new factories in the near future, and as far as I understand, uh, there's one, uh, factory to be fully operational, uh, starting the month of April this year.

Donald Trump: Well, thank you very much and we're going to be working on that, and I think your auto factories are going to do very well, we have a lot of, uh, companies coming into the United States to build autos because of what we've done with taxation, and, uh, I know they're gonna do very well, and say hello to Mr. Toyoda, whose somebody I met over there and, and became friendly with, terrific man.

Donald Trump: All of, uh, all of these people, so great, such a great country. We do want to work on the deficit, we have about a $100 billion deficit with Japan, which I'm not surprised because you're very good negotiators, I will say, but we want to work on that and get that down to even. Equality, I call it, let's be equal.

Donald Trump: So I, I think we'll be able to do that pretty easily and that's pretty much what I want to, uh, do, I wanna get other countries also to equality with the United States in terms of deficits, and I think we'll be able to do that very routinely. Okay.

Shigeru Ishiba [Via Translator]: Thank you.

Question: To what extent will you discuss North Korea today, sir?

Donald Trump: Uh, that'll always be a topic especially with Japan, we will be discussing North Korea and many other things, we'll be spending pretty much the day, and, but that's always a topic.

Question: Mr. President, have you changed your mind about the sale of U.S. Steel?

Donald Trump: No, I think we're going to be discussing that today. Now, I haven't, and I hear we'll have some pretty good information on that. You might want to go please.

Question: Tariffs an option, Mr. President?

Donald Trump: Have you?

Shigeru Ishiba [Via Translator]: Yes.

Donald Trump: Okay.

Question: President, are tariffs an option if the deficit doesn't get to equilibrium or to equality?

Donald Trump: Yes, they are.

Question: Mr. President, can you discuss what your plan is for reciprocal trade? Are you signing an EO on that today?

Donald Trump: I'll be announcing that next week, reciprocal trade, so that we're treat evenly with other countries. We don't want any more or any less, uh, so I'll be announcing that next week and, uh, many other things having to do not even with trade but other things but other things. But, uh, I'll be talking about reciprocal trade sometime next week, we'll have a news conference and we'll lay it out pretty simple.

Note: [Crosstalk]

Question: [Inaudible] every single country?

Donald Trump: It affects everybody, and reciprocal, yeah, we'll be talking about that next week.

Question: So does that mean there's gonna be a tariff on imports, um, how, what are your thoughts on that?

Shigeru Ishiba [Via Translator]: I understand that the key point in this regard is to make that for mutually beneficial, that means that would benefit the development of the United States, as well as the development of Japan, and I do hope that whatever, uh, measures and actions, uh, should meet this criteria, uh, meaning that serving interest of both countries.

Shigeru Ishiba [Via Translator]: But as to specifics, I understand that we are going to have further discussion.

Donald Trump: Correct.

Question: Mr. President, are there any specific concessions that you will be asking for, from Japan that you can share?

Donald Trump: We'll be having, I think it'll be very easy for Japan, we have a fantastic relationship. I don't think we'll have any problem whatsoever, they want fairness also.

Question: Mr. President, do you have a reaction to the new Time Magazine cover that has Elon Musk sitting behind your resolute desk?

Donald Trump: No. Is Time Magazine still in business, I didn't even know that?

Shigeru Ishiba: [Laughs]

Donald Trump: Elon is doing a great job, uh, he's finding tremendous fraud, and corruption, and waste. Uh, you see it with the USAID, but you're going to see it even more so with other agencies and other parts of government. He's got a staff that's fantastic, he's wanted to be able to do this for a long time, and everybody else knew it was existent but I think never so much when you look at USAID, that's a, uh, that's a fraud, the whole thing is a fraud.

Donald Trump: Very little, very little being put to good use. Every single line that I look at in terms of events and transactions is either corrupt or ridiculous, and we're going to be doing that throughout government and I think we're going to be very close to balancing budgets for the first time in many years, I think we're going to be very close to, uh, in, in addition to monies coming in from tariffs etc., etc.

Donald Trump: but no, he's doing a very good job, I'm very happy with him.

Question: Will you put Elon Musk up on the podium for us to ask him some questions Mr. President at any point? Will you put Elon Musk up on the podium for us to ask him some questions --

Donald Trump: Oh, sure, he'll be, he is, he's not shy, Elon's not shy.

Question: Any further deliberations on Gaza, sir, the time -- timetable for a takeover?

Donald Trump: No, no deliberations, it's been very well received where basically the United States would view it as a real estate transaction where we'll be an investor in that part of the world. And no rush to do anything, we wouldn't need anybody there, it would be supplied and given to us by Israel, they'll watch it. In terms of security, we're not talking about boots on the ground or anything but I think we'll, the fact that we're there, that we have an investment there I think would, uh, go a long way to creating peace.

Donald Trump: Uh, we don't want to see everybody move back and then move out in 10 years, this has been going on for 50 years, much more than that, uh, we just want to see stability. That would be having us have, uh, that particular piece in that particular location. I think it would show great stability and would, would lead to great stability in the area for very little money, very little price, uh, and we wouldn't need soldiers at all, that would be taken care of by others, and the investment stuff taken care off by others as well.

Donald Trump: So, so for no investment, I mean virtually no investment whatsoever, it would bring stability to the area and others can invest in it later on, but we're in no rush on it, there's absolutely no rush.

Question: President Trump, do you believe DeepSeek is a national threat, and how do you to collaborate on AI and achieve --

Donald Trump: On where?

Question: DeepSeek, do you believe it's national security threat?

Donald Trump: No, I think it's happening, I mean, it's, uh, it's a technology that's happening, it's very, it's actually, I think it's, I think we're going to benefit if it's correct what's going on now, that it will be a lot less expensive, the AI we're talking about will be a lot less expensive than people originally thought.

Donald Trump: That's a good thing, I view that as a very good development not a bad development.

Note: [Crosstalk]

Question: Mr. President, Mr. President, on auto specifically, in your first, uh, term, you tried to tariff autos, is that on table still? Are you trying to do that in your second administration?

Donald Trump: Auto -- tariff?

Question: Auto tariffs.

Donald Trump: Oh, yeah, sure, that's on the table, that's always on the table. It's a very big deal because we are, you know, we have cases where we don't supply autos and other countries do, and, you know, we have to equalize it, we have to stabilize it and equalize.

Question: Will you talk Vice President Vance meet with President Zelenskyy next week while he's in Europe?

Donald Trump: I will probably be meeting with President Zelenskyy next week, and I've, I will probably talking to President Putin. I'd like to see that war end for one primary reason, they're killing so many people, you're losing millions of people on a battlefield. In this case, mostly the battlefield you have 800,000 or 900,000 Russian soldiers are dead or and very badly wounded, and the same thing with uh Ukraine, you have probably 700,000 with Ukraine.

Donald Trump: The numbers they gave were a little bit lower than that but I, I believe those numbers aren't correct. I'd like to see it end just on a human basis. It's terrible what's going on, they have open fields with no protection, the only thing a bullet can hit is a human body and the human body dies as soon as it gets hit.

Donald Trump: Now I'd like to see that end, it's a ridiculous war, would have never started if I were president, that war would have never, never started. Putin would not have started that war if I were president, and by the way, you wouldn't have had October 7th if I Was President either, that mess would not have started.

Donald Trump: But no, I would very much like to uh help out. One of the things we're looking at with President Zelenskyy is, uh, having the security of their assets, they have assets underground, rare earth and other thing, but primarily rare earth, and we want to have secure, really we want security because as you know, uh, Europe is putting up much less money than us, much, NATO, Europe, call it whatever you want and we're at probably $300 billion plus and they're at probably the real number is $100 billion.

Donald Trump: That's a lot of money, but it's $200 billion less than us and there's an ocean between, and they need it more than us so we're asking them to equalize and get even, but we're also asking President Zelenskyy for, uh, the security of, you know, we're putting all this money up and we're saying, "Where does it stop?" And yet we want to see it out to an end, we want to see it end, but we are going to be asking for the security, and we've already told him, uh, of an equal amount of something where our money, I mean, American taxpayer's in for $300 billion.

Donald Trump: Biden never negotiated, he never told Europe to put in more money, and it got out of hand just like NATO. NATO, we were in, we were paying almost 100% of NATO when I first came in, everybody was taking advantage of the good old United States but not anymore. So what, uh, and now if you speak to the Secretary General of NATO, he was very nice when he was here two weeks ago, he said, "What Trump did was amazing, he got everybody to pay." And to do that, you have to ask, and Biden never asked so we're in for probably close to $200 billion more than Europe and yet obviously it affects Europe much more than us. So we would like them to stay -- to, to equalize, they have to go more, and from our standpoint we do want security and all this money that we're putting up.

Question: And you're speaking with him next week, sir, is that what you said?

Question: You need to speak up --

Donald Trump: He may, he may meet next week, yeah, whenever he'd like, I'm here. I mean -- could be in Wash -- Well, I'm not going there if it's a --

Question: Are you planning to meet with President Putin or are you just planning on cold calling --

Donald Trump: It could be, uh, it could be. We, uh, we've always had a good relationship, President Putin and I have always had a good relationship, that's why it's so sad that it happened. This would have never happened if I were president, it's so sad to see it happen, so many dead people. By the way, so many cities are demolished, they're like you talk about Gaza, well, take a look at Ukraine, so many of those cities are demolition sites, demolished, so sad, should have never happened.

Donald Trump: All those beautiful golden domes, but much more importantly, all those beautiful people, are dead, and it should have never happened. Thank you very much everybody.

Aide: Press, let's go guys. Come on guys, hey let's go. Thank you guys. Let's exit. Thank you guys, let's go guys. Out this way. Guys, let's go, come on. Thank you. Thank you. Let's go guys, let's go. Guys, let's go guys. Guys, let's go. That's all right, thank you guys.

Aide: Guys out, out. Guys.