Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-apple-investment-announcement-white-house-august-6-2025

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. You know this gentleman, one of the truly great legends of our time, in my book. Before we begin, I'd like to say a few words about the shooting at Fort Stewart in Georgia. As you know, five people were seriously wounded and two very, very seriously hurt around 11:00 this morning. The shooter is now in custody and the Army Criminal Investigation Division is on site to ensure that the perpetrator of this atrocity, which is exactly what it is, will be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law.

Donald Trump: The entire nation is praying for the victims and their families and hopefully they'll fully recover, and we can put this chapter behind.

Donald Trump: But we're not going to forget what happened. We're going to take very good care of this person that did this horrible person. This afternoon, we're pleased to welcome to the White House one of the great and most esteemed business leaders and geniuses and innovators anywhere in the world, Apple CEO Tim Cook.

Donald Trump: Amazing job. Thanks as well to Secretary of the Treasury Scott Bessent, and Secretary of Commerce Howard Lutnick for being here, wherever you may be. Oh, there you are. Hello fellas, I missed you. Today, Apple is announcing that it will invest $600 billion, that's with a B, in the United States over the next four years.

Donald Trump: That's $100 billion more than they were originally going to invest, and this is the largest investment Apple has ever made in America and anywhere else and it's just an honor to have you. As you know, Apple's been an investor in other countries a little bit, I won't say which ones, but a couple, and they're coming home. $600 billion, it's the biggest there is. The company is also unveiling its ambitious new American manufacturing program, which will bring factories and assembly lines across our country, all roaring to life.

Donald Trump: Areas that were not doing so well or doing very well. We have about $17 trillion coming into the United States, which is more than ever before. That's never even come close. There's never been anything like it. Even you, that's even a lot of money for you, but we have commitments of more than $17 trillion, that was as of a couple of weeks ago.

Donald Trump: These investments will directly create more than 20,000 brand new American jobs and many thousands more at the Apple suppliers like Corning, Broadcom, Texas Instruments and Samsung who all deal in that world. As part of this historic commitment, Apple will massively increase spending on its domestic supply chain for the iPhone and will build the largest and most sophisticated smart glass production line in the world in Harrodsburg, Kentucky, which is a great actually.

Donald Trump: I did very well there. I like it because I see I did very well there. I did very well in Kentucky, but it's a great place. You're going to be very happy. I thought maybe while we're up, I'll interrupt my own speech by -- you might show them a little bit about the product that you're going to be doing in Kentucky, Tim.

Tim Cook: Absolutely. Do you mind if I step up?

Donald Trump: Yes, please.

Tim Cook: This box was made here in the US in California, and this glass comes off the morning line engraved for President Trump. It's a unique unit of one. It was designed by a US Marine Corps corporal, a former one that works at Apple now.

Donald Trump: That's good. He's done well.

Tim Cook: Designed it for you. And the base comes from Utah and it's 24-karat gold. And it sits -- I'll take the liberty of setting it up.

Donald Trump: Wow.

Tim Cook: Well, let's see -- there we go. Congratulations, Mr. President. Thank you so much.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. Fantastic. The great people of Kentucky, you're going to find it a great place to do business, too. It's fantastic. Isn't that nice? We're doing these things now in the United States instead of other countries, faraway countries. This is a significant step toward the ultimate goal of ensuring that iPhones sold in the United States of America also are made in America.

Donald Trump: With the mass infusion of capital it's announcing today, Apple will also build a 250,000 square foot server manufacturing facility in Houston and invest billions of dollars to construct data centers across the country from North Carolina to Iowa to Oregon. That's big stuff. Apple will also open state-of-the-art manufacture economy -- it's going to be a manufacturing academy in Detroit.

Donald Trump: And that's a great place to do -- you know, big things are happening in Michigan and Detroit. They're coming in because of what we've done with the -- I call it the Great Big, Beautiful Bill. I added one word, Great. But we have probably the biggest, most comprehensive piece of legislation ever passed. It's going to mean unbelievable numbers of jobs and no jobs on -- think of this, whether it's tips or overtime or Social Security, no tax.

Donald Trump: So, no tax on tips, no tax on Social Security, no tax on overtime. And that's just a small bit of it. For Apple and other businesses, we're talking about the deductions and all of the things. And actually, for people that go out and buy a car, first time it's ever been done. We talk about deductions for companies, but they're going to be able to deduct interest when they borrow money to buy a car -- if it's made in America, it has to be made in America.

Donald Trump: So, it is amazing. And one of the reasons I think I can say that Apple is coming here is the legislation we just passed with this kind of investment. Apple will also open other facilities, rare earth magnets from Texas and build -- oh, I love that you're doing this. I love that; I love that -- and build a brand-new rare-earth recycling line in Mountain Pass, California.

Donald Trump: I know that area; that's where they have a lot of truly rare earth. That's fantastic. I love that. And Apple will help develop and manufacture semiconductors and semiconductor equipment in Texas, Utah, Arizona and New York. For years, Americans have watched as many of our leading tech giants built their factories overseas and exported American jobs abroad.

Donald Trump: But under the Trump administration, we're doing everything possible to make this the best place on Earth to build a factory or grow businesses. I'm allowing them to build electric producing plants with their factory because otherwise they'd have to hook into the grid. And I think it's one of the biggest things we've done where you can build, Tim, your own electricity.

Donald Trump: You become your own electric manufacturer and that goes along with the plan, so you become a utility. So, congratulations, now you're in the utility. I hope they don't value your company based on utility, but that's OK. You're going to be making your own electricity. And as you probably know for much of this and much of -- many of the things that we're doing, especially the AI -- they would need actually double the electricity that the country now produces for everything.

Donald Trump: So, it's massive electric and they're going to be able to make their own and they're getting very fast approvals. Lee Zeldin is doing a fantastic job, including with a 100 percent expensing on the One Big, Beautiful Bill. In return, we're asking our businesses to invest in America and they're coming in at levels that we've never seen before.

Donald Trump: So, I don't know when it shows up, but there are a lot of factories and a lot of plants that are either under construction or soon will be starting construction. So, can't tell you exactly when. But I want to be around in about a year from now and two years from now because we're going to see an explosion, I think, like this country has never seen before -- never.

Donald Trump: Today's announcement is one of the largest commitments in what has become among the greatest investment booms in our nation's history. And we've got the hottest country anywhere in the world. You know, I told you the story that -- and Tim, I'll tell you -- but I went to the Middle East, and I was with Qatar, I was with UAE and the king of Saudi Arabia, all great leaders.

Donald Trump: And then I went to NATO and saw many great leaders and we just finished that about four weeks ago. Everyone -- virtually everyone said in effect that we were a dead country one year ago, America -- this was a dead country. We were dying, we were dead. And now you've got the hottest country anywhere in the world.

Donald Trump: This would have never happened except for certain people. Thank you very much, I appreciate it. NVIDIA is investing $500 billion to go along with Apple's $600 billion -- $600 billion. Micron, great company, is investing $200 billion. IBM is investing more than $150 billion. SoftBank is investing substantially more than $100 billion.

Donald Trump: TSMC is investing $200 billion. Johnson and Johnson $55 billion. Merck, Stellantis and General Motors are putting many, many billions in. They haven't determined the final number, and many other countries are investing tens of billions of dollars. And I'm not going to give you the whole list because the list is too long to read, but it's hundreds of billions and even trillions.

Donald Trump: I mean, it's trillions of dollars being invested right now. Last week it was announced that our economy grew at 3 percent in the second quarter and consumer confidence is surging. Blue collar wages are rising rapidly; costs are way down. You know, I listen to these horrendous frauds on CNN and various other fake news networks, and they say costs are up. No, no costs are down.

Donald Trump: Gasoline is down; it's going to soon, I believe, be less than $2 a gallon. It's around $2.40 right now, many places other than in California where they tax you out of business, but ah and a couple of others.

Donald Trump: But gasoline is way down. The price of groceries are down. How about eggs? When I first came here, my first week, the press hit me very hard on eggs. Eggs had quadrupled or something I said, I didn't know about it. Give me a chance, I've just been here for four days. Well, eggs are down. Everything's down.

Donald Trump: Price is down. The only thing that's up is stock prices. That's really up and that's through the roof. The stock market has been hitting all-time records, all-time highs. Last week, it was announced that our economy grew at levels that we haven't seen in a long time, but the real levels of growth are going to be judged in a year from now when you start seeing some of these incredible plans, because we have car plants opening.

Donald Trump: They're coming in from Canada, from Mexico and from all over the world and they're coming in because they like the way the election worked out, but they also like the fact that they don't want to pay tariffs. And the tariffs I think will be taken -- well, we're taking in hundreds of billions of dollars in tariffs.

Donald Trump: I won't be so specific other than to say, because we don't even know what the final number is. We just made a deal, as you know, with the EU, where they're paying hundreds of billions of dollars. Japan paying hundreds of billions of dollars and numerous other countries paying hundreds of billions of dollars.

Donald Trump: And we're not even completed there. And as you know, they found $25 billion. Three weeks ago, they said we have a surplus of $25 billion and they said, where did this come from? I said, check the tariffs and they checked. They said, you're right, that's where it came from. And we've really just started. This is just in its infancy.

Donald Trump: So we have a great country. We have a country that is going to be very rich. It's a country that we're very proud of, but it's going to be very rich and it's companies like Apple that they're coming home. They're all coming home. And we want them to come home. They have to come home. We're going to treat them really well.

Donald Trump: We're going to be putting a very large tariff on chips and semiconductors. But the good news for companies like Apple, is if you're building in the United States or have committed to build, without question committed to build in the United States, there will be no charge. In other words, we're not going to be charging.

Donald Trump: So a lot of countries, a lot of companies are leaving various other places and they're coming to the United States. So in other words, we'll be putting a tariff on of approximately 100 percent on chips and semiconductors. But if you're building in the United States of America, there's no charge. Even though you're building and you're not producing yet in terms of the big numbers of jobs and all of the things that you're building, if you're building, there will be no charge.

Donald Trump: So I just want everyone to know that. And I didn't even tell you that inside. We discussed the concept, but I didn't. So it's a big factor. So 100 percent tariff on all chips and semiconductors coming into the United States. But if you've made a commitment to build or if you're in the process of building, as many are, there is no tariff.

Donald Trump: OK? If for some reason you say you're building and you don't build, then we go back and get -- we add it up. It accumulates and we charge you at a later date. You have to pay, and that's a guarantee. So that's a big statement. And I think the chip companies are all coming back home. They're all coming back.

Donald Trump: You know, we started with Intel and gradually, Intel was just taken over the -- over the coals. They were taken to the cleaners, frankly, and moved to other places, in particular Taiwan. But I think a lot of those, a lot of those companies are coming back and they're coming back very rapidly. So that's a big statement, 100 percent tariff.

Donald Trump: I want to thank you very much. Tim, would you like to say a few words about your company, please?

Tim Cook: [Inaudible] Good afternoon, everyone. Mr. President, thank you very much for having me here today. You've been a great advocate for American innovation and manufacturing, and I'm grateful for your leadership and your commitment. That's a commitment we share at Apple because American innovation is central to everything we do. Our products are designed here.

Tim Cook: We're hiring and growing here and we support 450,000 jobs with thousands of suppliers and partners in all 50 states. Earlier this year, we made our largest ever spending commitment, $500 billion to the US over the next four years. That's already yielding results. Earlier this year, we broke ground on a new factory in Houston to make advanced AI servers.

Tim Cook: And just last month, the very first test unit rolled off that factory's line proudly Made in America. President Trump shared some kind words about that work, but he also asked us to think about what more we could commit to doing. And Mr. President, we took that challenge very seriously. I'm glad to be here with you today and I'm very proud to say that today we're committing an additional $100 billion to the United States, bringing our total US investment to $600 billion over the next four years.

Tim Cook: As a part of this, we're launching Apple's American Manufacturing program. It will spur even more production right here in America for critical components used in Apple products all around the world. And we're thrilled to announce that we've already signed new agreements with 10 companies across America to do just that.

Tim Cook: First, with today's announcements, I'm proud to say that Apple is leading the creation of an end to end silicon supply chain right here in America, from design to equipment to wafer production to fabrication to packaging. In Texas, we're working with manufacturers like Texas Instruments, Global Wafers America and Applied Materials.

Tim Cook: We're working with Amcor in Arizona and Broadcom and Global Foundries in New York. Thanks to President Trump's vision and with his help in his first term, we also led the way to bring TSMC to Arizona by committing to be their first and largest customer. Today, they're producing tens of millions of chips for Apple using one of the most advanced process technologies in America today.

Tim Cook: We're going to keep working with our suppliers to move even more of this incredibly advanced work to America. And this year alone, American manufacturers are on track to make 19 billion chips for Apple in 24 factories across 12 different states. Second, we're committed to buying American made advanced rare earth magnets developed by MP Materials, which will become part of Apple's devices shipped around the world.

Tim Cook: MP is the only fully integrated rare earth producer in the United States and with this partnership they'll be significantly expanding their flagship facility in Fort Worth, Texas. We're also thrilled to work together on a cutting-edge rare earth recycling line in Mountain Pass, California. And third, in Kentucky, we've worked with our partners at Corning to build the world's largest and most advanced smartphone glass production line.

Tim Cook: And I'm pleased to announce that very soon, this is for the first time ever, every single new iPhone and every single new Apple Watch sold anywhere in the world will contain cover glass made in Kentucky. In addition to the American manufacturing program, we're also significantly growing our investments in AI, including expanding data center capacity in North Carolina, in Nevada, in Iowa, in Arizona and Oregon.

Tim Cook: So we're going to keep making investments right here in America. And we're going to keep hiring in America. And we're going to keep building technologies at the heart of our products right here in America because we're a proud American company and we believe deeply in the promise of this great nation. Thank you all, and thank you President Trump for pulling -- or for putting American innovation and American jobs front and center.

Tim Cook: Thank you, sir.

Donald Trump: Thank you, Tim. Great honor.

Tim Cook: Thank you. Thank you.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much, appreciate it. What a job he's done, what a job. Incredible. I want to thank you very much and thank you JD, for helping along. Good job. Really good job. Any questions, please?

Question: Mr. President? Mr. President?

Donald Trump: Yes.

Question: You promised on the campaign trail to bring forth a manufacturing Renaissance. You just mentioned $17 trillion in your first seven months or so.

Donald Trump: Right.

Question: Can you talk about how an investment like this all the other ones that you laid out will positively impact the millions of Americans that trusted you with their vote?

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. It changes our country. I mean, our country is a very different country than it was six months ago. And people like Tim are coming. We had Micron in yesterday. We had all of the big, great companies that you read about. You don't know about, but you read about. Many of them were making products outside of our country.

Donald Trump: Foolishly, we lost them. If we had the right person sitting in that seat, that would have never happened 20 or 30 years ago. When you look at the chip business, it would have never left our shores. We had 100 percent of chips originally and then we slowly got taken down to nothing. We have the biggest chip companies, both of them, but we have the biggest in the world coming in.

Donald Trump: They're going to Arizona and beyond. And we're going to have in a short period of time, we'll be up to almost 50 percent of the chips from starting in nothing and that's something. But we have the greatest companies in the world coming into our country and that means jobs. And it means wealth and wealth means security for our people.

Donald Trump: OK? Brian.

Question: Yes, sir. Congratulations on this investment, President Trump, and --

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Question: What a great example of putting America first. What does the labor force look like to fill these jobs that you have? Do we have enough skilled American workers to fill this?

Donald Trump: Well, we do have a lot of workers, and we have a lot of workers that hadn't been looking for work because they were disincentivized, frankly. And people like Tim have tremendous schools and training centers that they build along with a lot of their big plants where they train people on whether it's glass like in Kentucky or computers or whatever they might be doing.

Donald Trump: It's a complex world and they train people, and they do a great job. So, it's a whole new workforce. Now we have a lot of them in energy because, you know, they've always liked energy. As you know, coal has opened up and opened up big. We brought it back and brought it back in a very large way. You know, China is right now building 58 coal fired plants, 58 big ones and here we were saying we don't take coal.

Donald Trump: We have more coal than anybody else in the world. We have more oil and gas than anybody else in the world. But we have tremendous energy jobs and the energy -- as you know, we're booming with energy and that's why the gasoline prices are down. Costs are down. I just hope when they watch these shows -- I watch this -- I won't use names because I just make them better known.

Donald Trump: Nobody knows who they are, but I watched this group of people on uh on CNN and MSDNC too, the same thing, where they say, well costs have gone up. Costs haven't gone up, they've gone down. I'm telling you, the thing that's gone up is stock, stock prices and success of our country. Our country is really, really doing well, successful.

Donald Trump: Yes, ma'am.

Question: Yes, Mr. President, have Putin and Zelenskyy agreed to a summit yet, and where and when would that be?

Donald Trump: Well, there's a very good prospect that they will and we haven't determined where. But we had some very good talks with President Putin today. And there's a very good chance that we could be ending the -- ending the round, ending the end of that road. The road was long and continues to be long, but there's a good chance that there will be a meeting very soon.

Question: How close do you think you are to the deal?

Donald Trump: Excuse me.

Question: How close do you think you are to some kind of --

Donald Trump: Well, I don't -- look, I don't want to say. I've been disappointed before with this one. You know, we've solved five wars plus add to that Iran where we wiped out their nuclear capacity for weapons. They would have had a weapon within two months, maybe less and that was totally obliterated. It turned out it was a total obliteration and the pilots and the people that did that job are really -- we have the greatest -- we have the greatest armed forces in the world.

Donald Trump: But that was really something. In fact, there's a model of the plane right there. You've got to bring that up, Susie, we have to see that. Look at this, this was just given to me. You know, we ordered brand new B-2 bombers. This is a plane that over a period of 36 hours of constant flying, look at this. So, this is the brand new one they just ordered, similar but actually quite different.

Donald Trump: It's new and enhanced. It's an amazing machine. It went 36 hours. We had 52 tankers up in the air loading up our planes because this was surrounded by F-22s and F-35s and it was flawless, Tim. Even you would say it was flawless. And every one of those bombs hit their target. And then we had Tomahawks shot in from a submarine 300 miles away and they hit -- every single Tomahawk hit its target.

Donald Trump: It was amazing and that was a big threat. That was a nuclear threat and here's the new one that we just ordered a large number of them.

Question: Mr. President, what was the breakthrough today? Did Vladimir Putin make some kind of concession that he hasn't been willing to make before?

Donald Trump: I don't call it a breakthrough. I mean we've been working on this a long time. There are thousands of young people dying, mostly soldiers, but also, you know, missiles being hit into Kiev and other places. But in terms of soldiers, I think Russia has lost over 20,000 since the beginning of the year -- 20,000. And I guess the estimate for Ukraine is about 9,000. It's a terrible situation.

Donald Trump: We want to get it stopped. You know, we don't have American soldiers there, but I feel I have an obligation to get it stopped. This was not my war. This war would have never started, not even a chance, and it didn't start for four years. It went four years, and it didn't start. But this is Biden's war. This was on his watch.

Donald Trump: And you know, it's funny, we had -- no land was taken from Trump. It was taken from Bush, it was taken from Biden, the whole thing they would take from Biden if it weren't for us. But it was -- and it was taken by Obama. Take a look at what was taken with all of the land that was taken, nothing was taken by Russia from us, not one ounce of land was taken.

Donald Trump: I'm here to get the thing over with. It would have never started if I were president and we're here to get it stopped and get the death stopped. Yeah, please.

Question: Mr. President, in the past you said you would know if Putin was tapping you along. What gives you any confidence that he is or isn't doing that this time around?

Donald Trump: Can't answer the question yet. I'll tell you in a matter of weeks, maybe less. But we've made a lot of progress. And as you know, we put a 50 percent tariff on India on oil, they're the second largest. They're very close to China in terms of the purchase of oil from Russia, but -- so I don't know if that had anything to do with it, but we've had very productive talks today.

Donald Trump: Yes, ma'am.

Question: President Trump, on federalizing DC, are you considering taking over the DC police? Is that an option on the table?

Donald Trump: We're considering it, yeah, because the crime is ridiculous. I could show you a chart comparing DC to other locations and you're not going to want to see what it looks like. It was just up on television actually; they were showing it. Now, we want to have a great, safe capitol and we're going to have it, and that includes cleanliness, and it includes other things.

Donald Trump: We have a capital that's very unsafe. You know, we just almost lost a young man, beautiful handsome guy that got the hell knocked out of him the night before last. And I'm going to call him now. We wanted to give him a little recovery time. We just put a call in to him, they're calling back in a little while.

Donald Trump: But he went through a bad situation to put it mildly, and there's too much of it. We're going to do something about it, so whether you call it federalize or what? And that also includes the graffiti that you see, the papers all over the place, the roads that are in bad shape, the medians that are falling down, the median in between roads that's falling down.

Donald Trump: We're going to beautify the city. We're going to make it beautiful. And what a shame, the rate of crime, the rate of muggings, killings and everything else. We're not going to let it. And that includes bringing in the National Guard maybe very quickly, too.

Question: Do you want Congress to look at overturning the DC Home Rule Act?

Donald Trump: We're going to look at that. In fact, the lawyers are already studying it. We have to run DC. This has to be the best run place in the country, not the worst run place in the country. And it has so much potential and we're going to take care of it. You're going to be safe; you're going to be safe walking down streets.

Donald Trump: You're not going to get mugged.

Question: Mr. President, if you do reach a deal with Ukraine and Russia, would you drop the additional tariffs on India?

Donald Trump: Well, we'll determine that later, but right now they're paying a 50 percent tariff, OK? Yeah, please.

Question: One for Mr. Cook as well --

Donald Trump: Yeah, please. Sure.

Question: The president wants a Made in the USA iPhone. What are the chances that you can actually make that happen?

Tim Cook: Well, if you look at the bulk of it, we're doing a lot of the semiconductors here. We're doing the glass here. We're doing the face ID module here. So, there's a ton of it and we're doing these for products sold elsewhere in the world. And so, there's a lot of content in there for the United States.

Question: But what about the whole thing?

Tim Cook: We're very proud of it.

Question: Can you make the whole thing here?

Tim Cook: The whole thing is just the final assembly that you're focused on and that will be elsewhere for a while.

Donald Trump: He makes many of the components here and we've been talking about it and the whole thing is set up in other places and it's been there for a long time. So, in terms of cost and all, but I think we may incentivize them enough that one day he'll be bringing that, but he brings most of the stuff. Look, he's not making this kind of an investment anywhere in the world, not even close.

Donald Trump: He's coming back. I mean Apple's coming back to America. Thank you.

Question: Mr. President, Indian officials --

Donald Trump: Let me -- let me go, please.

Question: Indian officials have said that there are other countries that are buying Russian oil.

Donald Trump: It's OK. It's OK. Yeah.

Question: Like China for instance buys more. Why are you singling India out for these additional --

Donald Trump: It's only been eight hours, so let's see what happens over the next --

Question: Are there a few more secondary sanctions?

Donald Trump: You're going to see a lot more.

Question: So, this is a taste of what's to come?

Donald Trump: You're going to see a lot more. You're going to see so much -- secondary sanctions. Yes, ma'am.

Question: Mr. President -- sorry, you were the driving force behind Operation Warp Speed, these mRNA vaccines that are the gold standard.

Donald Trump: Right.

Question: Now, your health secretary is pulling back all the funding for research. He's saying that the risks outweigh the benefits, which puts him at odds with the entire --

Donald Trump: Research on what?

Question: -- medical community and with you. What is going on?

Donald Trump: Yeah. Research on what?

Question: Into mRNA vaccines.

Donald Trump: Well, we're going to look at that. We're talking about it and they're doing a very good job. And you know, that is a past. Operation Warp Speed was, whether you're Republican or Democrat, considered one of the most incredible things ever done in this country. The efficiency, the way it was done, the distribution, everything about it was -- has been amazing.

Donald Trump: But you know, that was now a long time ago and we're on to other things, but we are speaking about it. We have meetings about it in -- tomorrow, actually, tomorrow at 12:00, and we'll determine. We're looking for other answers to other problems, to other sicknesses and diseases and I think we're doing really well.

Donald Trump: Yes, ma'am. Please.

Question: Thank you, Mr. President. You said many times that you want to stop wars in the Middle East. Now Prime Minister Netanyahu is contemplating reoccupying Gaza entirely. Is he defying you, sir, or are you giving him a green light?

Donald Trump: Well, we have stopped wars in the Middle East by stopping Iran from having a nuclear weapon. And they are there -- you know, they can say they're going to start all over again, but that's a very dangerous thing for them to do because we'll be back. As soon as they start, we'll be back. And I think they understand that.

Donald Trump: They're just words. But no. We've stopped a lot of wars in the Middle East. If you think about what we did with Iran, Iran was the perpetrator of hate, a very evil place, and I think it's going to be a lot different in the coming years.

Question: Mr. President? On the India penalties, do you have any similar plans to enact more tariffs on China as it relates to tariff purchases?

Donald Trump: Could happen, could happen. It depends on how we do, could happen. Brian.

Question: I've got an entertainment-based question for you. A few weeks ago, Stephen Colbert announced that he was leaving his show. Howard Stern announced that him and SiriusXM Radio are parting ways. Do you think the Hate Trump business model that's been in the entertainment business is going out of business because it's not popular with the American people?

Donald Trump: Well, it hasn't worked and it hasn't worked really for a long time. And I would say pretty much from the beginning. Colbert has no talent. I mean, I could take anybody here, I could go outside in the beautiful streets and pick up a couple of people that do just as well or better. They'd get higher ratings than he did.

Donald Trump: He's got no talent. Fallon has no talent. Kimmel has no talent. They're next. They're going to be going. I hear they're going to be going. I don't know, but I would imagine because they get -- Colbert has better ratings than Kimmel or Fallon. You know that. Howard Stern, it's a name I haven't heard. I used to do a show, used to have fun, but I haven't heard that name in a long time.

Donald Trump: What happened? He got terminated.

Question: Yeah, they're going a separate ways because I think what they're offering salary wise is real low than what he's getting now.

Donald Trump: You know when he went down?

Question: Whenever you want.

Donald Trump: You know when he went down? No, before, when he endorsed Hillary Clinton. He lost his audience.

Question: [Inaudible] right.

Donald Trump: People said, give me a break. He went down when he endorsed Hillary Clinton.

Question: [Inaudible] Mr. President, have you talked to Governor Cuomo? [Inaudible] -- interviewing candidates yet?

Donald Trump: Yeah, we've started the interviewing process. Scott and I and Howard, a lot of people, JD. We're all -- we have some great candidates. It's probably down to three. He doesn't want the job. He said, I like -- do you like this job better?

Scott Bessent: Yes, sir.

Donald Trump: I mean, he's a candidate, but he -- I don't think he'll take it. I don't -- I really don't think he'd take it, actually.

Question: Are there any candidates from Wall Street, Mr. President?

Donald Trump: Yeah, essentially, we're all from Wall Street, aren't we? You know, when you get right down to it, the term Wall Street.

Question: Mr. President?

Donald Trump: Yeah, please.

Question: You made your tax cuts permanent. You mentioned the tariffs are bringing in a ton of external revenue. You've opened up markets, the EU, Japan, South Korea, many others to American goods like we've never seen before. How much growth can we expect in the economy now that this model of yours is sort of beginning to really take off?

Donald Trump: Well, I think the growth is going to be unprecedented. I think we're going to have growth that's unbelievable. Now remember, we're building and just starting to build. A lot of these incredible plants, we talked about the electric facilities that we're building, the generating plants. Electric generating plants are massive and they're going to be great.

Donald Trump: And they're going to sell excess electricity into our grid, so we're going to be having much more electricity than we ever had. And those plants are going to be taken care of individually. I know Tim is building one in one of his big factories, but especially for AI because it needs so much electricity. So, I appreciate the question very much and I think the growth is going to be unprecedented.

Question: Did you have a phone call with Andrew Cuomo? Did you speak to Andrew Cuomo?

Donald Trump: I haven't. No, I haven't.

Question: Mr. President, have you been briefed on what Ghislaine Maxwell told Todd Blanche?

Donald Trump: No, I haven't. I have not.

Question: So you don't know whether you came up in the conversation or not?

Donald Trump: I know Todd is a very respected person all over the country, all over the world legally. So I don't know.

Question: Mr. President?

Donald Trump: Yeah, please go ahead.

Question: Will the new fed governor will be temporary?

Donald Trump: We're probably going to go with a temp and then a permanent, I think. So the temp is going to be named, I'd say over the next two or three days and then we're going to go permanent.

Question: Are the two Kevins the leading contenders for the permanent spot for the chair?

Donald Trump: Well, the two Kevins? The two Kevins are absolutely, yeah, they're both very good. The two Kevins, very good.

Question: Mr. President, is Vice President Vance hosting a gathering this evening to talk about how to respond to the Epstein situation?

Donald Trump: Is he working on what?

Question: Is he hosting some kind of gathering of top advisers this evening to talk about how to respond to the Epstein situation?

Donald Trump: I don't know. I could ask you that question. I don't know of it, but I think I -- here's the man right here.

JD Vance: I saw it reported today and it's completely fake news. We're not meeting to talk about the Epstein situation, and I think the reporter who reported it needs to get better sources.

Donald Trump: Look, the whole thing is a hoax. It's put out by the Democrats because we've had the most successful six months in the history of our country and that's just a way of trying to divert attention to something that's total bullshit. OK? Yeah, please.

Question: A new Gallup poll says that Elon Musk is the most unpopular public figure in the country right now. I'm wondering, do you miss having him around the White House or is that poll accurate?

Donald Trump: I don't know the poll is accurate. I think he's a good person. I think he had a bad moment, really bad moment, but he's a good person. I believe that.

Question: President Trump, are you keeping that 10 to 12-day deadline -- China is facing potential secondary sanctions for [Inaudible] Russian oil.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Question: Them having that tariff or sanction rather or not hinges on what going forward?

Donald Trump: It may happen. I mean, I don't know. I can't tell you yet, but we did it with -- we did it with India. We're doing it probably with a couple of others. One of them could be China. Yes.

Question: Are you keeping that 10 to 12-day deadline that you had given Russia after today's talks?

Donald Trump: Yeah, we're pretty much getting close to it right now. But we're having very serious talks right now about getting out of Ukraine, getting it settled, getting it ended. Should have never started, would have never started. If I were president, it would have never started. I want to thank Tim Cook, he's a great, great man, a visionary, a businessman, just about every quality you can have other than athleticism.

Donald Trump: I don't know about that. I'm looking at him. I'm not -- I'm not 100 percent sure. But are you a good athlete? I bet you're pretty good. I think he's good at everything, but I want to thank you very much, Tim.

Tim Cook: Thank you, sir.

Donald Trump: Congratulations. Thank you all very much.

Aide: Thank you, press. Thank you, press. Thanks, guys. We're going to go out this door right here. Headed out. Thank you, guys. Thanks, everybody. Thank you, press. Thank you, guys. Let's go. Let's go. Thank you. Thank you.