Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-tulsi-gabbard-swearing-in-oval-office-february-12-2025

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. And today, we are delighted to swear in our next director of National Intelligence, Tulsi Gabbard. Most of you know Tulsi. She's a fantastic woman. Tulsi, I want to just congratulate you, your husband, Abraham, your sister, and all of your friends. A lot of friends here. You have a lot of friends.

Donald Trump: I noticed that, huh?

Tulsi Gabbard: I'm grateful.

Donald Trump: They were all fighting for you. It worked out very well. Tulsi Gabbard's an American of extraordinary courage and exceptional patriotism. She's devoted her entire life to public service and I've watched her for years on different shows and everything. I said, "She's a woman of great common sense," and we like the common sense.

Donald Trump: It's a word that's being used a lot. I think we started it in terms of politics, but it's a word that's used a lot. It's usually pretty effective too and you really are. I've watched you even on Larry King. You're very young. I don't know how you were on Larry King, but you're very young. But you were and you always had the situation covered properly.

Donald Trump: At 21 years old, Tulsi became the youngest woman ever elected to the Hawaii State Legislature. After 9/11, she joined the Hawaii Army National Guard and deployed abroad three times and highly respected by everybody. So many people writing in letters saying she was so exceptional even then. She continues to serve as a lieutenant colonel in the US Army Reserve and Tulsi also served four terms in the United States House of Representatives where she was a member of the House Armed Services Committee.

Donald Trump: She is a former vice chair of the National Democratic Party. Can you believe that? And here she is. That's very nice. We have a few of them. But she was never a Democrat, she was... At heart, she was a Republican. I watched her. And was a 2020 Democrat candidate for President of the United States. It's not easy, right?

Donald Trump: It's not so easy. People think it's easy. It's not easy. Throughout her service, Tulsi has always distinguished herself as a leader of the highest caliber she's earned the respect and admiration the love of Americans on both sides of the aisle as her profound commitment to the values that keep us free. And she really does have those values as much as anybody.

Donald Trump: In recent years, Tulsi has been a courageous and often lonely voice speaking out against radical left's attacks on free speech and the dangers of an unelected deep state. And I have to say, she was very, very strong for me when I was going through all of the fake news and all of the problems that we had with some very sick people.

Donald Trump: She was always out there. Before I really knew her as well, she was out there defending me. So I appreciated that Tulsi. But the threat of a warmongering military-industrial complex and the weaponization of government and governmental people that go out and persecute, they like to persecute people that are innocent.

Donald Trump: Tulsi herself became a target of that weaponization when she was outrageously placed on a suspected terrorist watch list by the Biden regime. It's a very evil regime. After criticizing their appalling abuses of power. And I'm confident that as Director of the National Intelligence, Tulsi will work tirelessly to keep America safe.

Donald Trump: And she's been doing that her entire career. I think it's going to be a very natural day for you when you walk in. It's just you have to keep the way you are. Just stay the way you are. She'll be clear-eyed and she'll be focused on the threat of radical Islamic terrorism and lots of other threats too, threats from within.

Donald Trump: And give no quarter to America's foreign enemies. At the same time, I'm entrusting Tulsi with the responsibility of overseeing urgently needed reforms to the US intelligence community to protect the rights and the civil liberties of all Americans. She will provide the American people with transparency, eliminate corruption, shrink the bloated bureaucracy, and restore honesty, integrity, and trust to the national security state.

Donald Trump: There's only one thing I can say, that there's nobody like her for this job. This was a very easy one for me. She was recommended by some of the top people in that world. It's a little world. It's a little, smart world. It sometimes can be an evil world when the wrong people are there, but we have the right one.

Donald Trump: She's had so many great recommendations. I would say Pam was right up there with her, Pam Bondi. She had a lot of rep. A lot... I didn't need... I know her a little bit better and you're doing a fantastic job after about three or four days, right? You've had a lot of experience. But you've never seen anything like this, Pam. But you're going to do fantastic as the Attorney General.

Donald Trump: Fantastic. So thank you and congratulations. We did this with Pam a few days ago and this is, again, my honor. So congratulations to Tulsi and I think Pam is going to administer the oath. And when she does that, I'll sign your new certificate. Good. Thank you. Thank you very much, everybody.

Pam Bondi: All right. Please place your left hand on the Constitution and raise your right hand and repeat after me. I do solemnly swear.

Tulsi Gabbard: I, Tulsi Gabbard, do solemnly swear.

Pam Bondi: That I will support and defend the Constitution of the United States.

Tulsi Gabbard: That I will support and defend the Constitution of the United States.

Pam Bondi: Against all enemies, foreign and domestic.

Tulsi Gabbard: Against all enemies, foreign and domestic.

Pam Bondi: And that I will bear true faith and allegiance to the same.

Tulsi Gabbard: And that I will bear true faith and allegiance to the same.

Pam Bondi: That I take this obligation freely.

Tulsi Gabbard: I take this obligation freely.

Pam Bondi: Without any mental reservation.

Tulsi Gabbard: Without any mental reservation.

Pam Bondi: Or a purpose of evasion.

Tulsi Gabbard: Or a purpose of evasion.

Pam Bondi: And that I will well and faithfully.

Tulsi Gabbard: That I will well and faithfully.

Pam Bondi: Discharge the duties of the office on which I am about to enter.

Tulsi Gabbard: Discharge the duties of the office on which I'm about to enter.

Pam Bondi: So help me God.

Tulsi Gabbard: So help me God.

Pam Bondi: Congratulations.

Donald Trump: It's great [Inaudible].

Abraham Williams: Thank you for --

Donald Trump: You're right. It's a big deal. Thank you. Okay. How is the Oval Office looking? A little different look, right? It's the Oval Office.

Unidentified: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: Okay. We'll get a good one here. Okay. Now, bad. Ready? I'll stand up here. I think we'll do it right here. Come on over here, Abraham. Okay. I'm sure there are no questions.

Question: Mr. President, are you [Inaudible] tornado?

Question: Mr. President, [Inaudible] and where will you meet with Vladimir Putin --

Donald Trump: You know what, I'd like to have Tulsi say a few words first. Then we could answer a couple of questions, okay? Good. [Inaudible] this here.

Tulsi Gabbard: Mr. President, first and foremost, I just want to say thank you from the bottom of my heart for the trust that you have placed in me to fulfill this critical position as Director of National Intelligence at any time, but specifically during this time. Unfortunately, the American people have very little trust in the intelligence community.

Tulsi Gabbard: Largely because they've seen the weaponization and politicization of an entity that is supposed to be purely focused on ensuring our national security.

Donald Trump: That's right.

Tulsi Gabbard: So I look forward to being able to help fulfill that mandate that the American people delivered to you very clearly in this election. To refocus our intelligence community by empowering the great patriots who have chosen to serve our country in this way and focus on ensuring the safety, security, and freedom of the American people.

Tulsi Gabbard: As you've said Mr. President, this is what I've dedicated my life to and it is truly humbling to be in this position to serve in your administration, help to rebuild that trust and, ultimately, to keep the American people safe. Last thing I'll mention that in your national prayer breakfast speech, you made a statement about your legacy of wanting to be remembered as a peacemaker.

Tulsi Gabbard: You know that I can speak for many of my fellow service members who are here today, veterans, Medal of Honor recipients, how deeply that resonates with us for those who volunteer to put their lives on the line when duty calls. But to have a President and Commander-in-Chief who recognizes the cost of that sacrifice and ensuring that war is the last resort, not the first.

Tulsi Gabbard: So thank you for your leadership. On behalf of my friends here and all who wear the uniform, we're grateful.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. Thank you, Tulsi --

Tulsi Gabbard: Thank you.

Donald Trump: Congratulations.

Tulsi Gabbard: Thank you.

Question: Mr. President, when and where do you plan on meeting with Vladimir Putin and were there any pre-condition [Inaudible] to the meeting?

Donald Trump: No. We had a great call, and it lasted for a long time, over an hour. This morning, I also had with President Zelenskyy a very good call after that. And I think we're on the way to getting peace. I think President Putin wants peace and President Zelenskyy wants peace, and I want peace. I just want to see people stop getting killed.

Donald Trump: We're very far away from that particular war, but that's a vicious war, probably a million and a half soldiers killed in a short period of time. I've never seen anything -- I have pictures that are -- you wouldn't believe it -- you wouldn't believe what you have to look at, young, beautiful soldiers that are just being decimated.

Donald Trump: And it would be nice to end it immediately, but we had a very good talk with -- people, didn't really know what President Putin's thoughts were. But I think I can say with great confidence, he wants to see it ended also. That's good. And we're going to work toward getting it ended and as fast as possible.

Donald Trump: It's a horrible situation going over -- it's flatland and the bullet goes off. And the only thing it can hit is a body, a human body, a young human body. And they're losing just tremendous numbers of mostly soldiers, just the cities and towns have been largely demolished. It's a shame what's happened to that country.

Donald Trump: It would have never happened if I were president, that I can tell you, it would have never happened. It's -- to look at that. And October 7th, would have never happened either by the way, the Middle East. But we'll get it -- I think we'll get it -- we'll get something done. We're going to be meeting -- actually tomorrow, they're meeting in Munich, as you know.

Donald Trump: And we're going to have some other meetings and we'll be -- I'll be dealing with President Putin largely on the phone and we ultimately expect to meet. In fact, we expect that he'll come here, and I'll go there and we're going to meet also probably in Saudi Arabia, the first time we'll meet in Saudi Arabia, see if we can get something done.

Donald Trump: But we want to end that war. That war is a disaster. It's a really bloody horrible war.

Question: Mr. President, did you call -- Is Saudi Arabia the first meeting now?

Donald Trump: I think so. We think we're going to probably meet in Saudi Arabia, the first meeting.

Question: [Inaudible]?

Donald Trump: It hasn't been set but not too distant future.

Question: Will you also be part of that meeting?

Donald Trump: We both understand, we know the crown prince and I think it'd be a very good place to meet.

Question: So, it sounds like that would just be a meeting between you and Putin and perhaps the crown prince, but not President Zelenskyy, is that right?

Donald Trump: Probably, we'll have a first meeting and then we'll see what we can do about the second meeting.

Question: [Inaudible] needs to go to Ukraine.

Donald Trump: What about Ukraine?

Question: Did you commit to go to Ukraine as well?

Donald Trump: No, I haven't. I haven't committed to go to Ukraine.

Question: Would you go?

Donald Trump: I would think about going, I'd think about it, no problem.

Question: [Inaudible] you say today, Mr. President, that they received your vision. What is your plan to end this war? Like today --

Donald Trump: Well, I'm not going to tell you my plan. I can just tell you we've made a lot of progress. This should have been done by Biden, not by me, because this has been going on for now a long time, years, and it should have been done by Biden. Just like the young gentleman that I brought home yesterday after two weeks, we worked on it for two weeks.

Donald Trump: He was a fine man, and he was in there for three and a half, almost four years, and they weren't able to do a thing and I got him out. And as you know, I didn't pay $6 billion; I didn't pay anything. We did a trade, and we did a good job. We got him out in two weeks, he should have been out years ago. He really should have been out years ago.

Question: [Inaudible] NATO membership for Ukraine.

Donald Trump: I don't think it's practical to have it personally. I know that our new Secretary of Defense, who's excellent, Pete, made a statement today saying that he thinks it's unlikely or impractical. I think probably that's true. I think long before President Putin, they said there's no way they'd allow that. This has been going on for many, many years.

Donald Trump: They've been saying that for a long time that Ukraine cannot go into NATO. And I'm Ok with that. I just want the war -- whether they are or they're not. But it certainly would seem to be that most people have said that that is something that's not going to happen.

Question: Mr. President, are you freezing out President Zelenskyy of this process a bit? Isn't there a danger of that?

Donald Trump: No, I don't think so, as long as he's there. But you know, at some point you're going to have elections too -- you're going to have an election.

Question: He says he wants security assurances, Mr. President. What does that look like?

Donald Trump: In terms of what?

Question: If the war were to end, he says he wants guarantees of security.

Donald Trump: We'll see what that means. We have -- I think when the war ends, one thing he was very strong about, he wants, if it ends, he wants it to end and that's President Putin said that. He wants it to end. He doesn't want to end it and then go back to fighting six months later. We talked about the possibility, I mentioned it, of a ceasefire so we can stop the killing.

Donald Trump: And I think we'll probably end up at some point getting a ceasefire in the not-too-distant future.

Question: [Inaudible] do you expect Ukraine --

Donald Trump: Say it? What?

Question: Do you view Ukraine as an equal member of this peace process?

Donald Trump: It's an interesting question. I think they have to make peace. Their people are being killed, and I think they have to make peace.

Note: [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: I said that it was not a good war to go into, and I think they have to make peace, that's what I think.

Question: Why did you decide to provide support to Ukraine? Would you support Zelenskyy ceding territory or exchanging territory in any agreement to end the war?

Donald Trump: Well. He's going to have to do what he has to do. But his poll numbers aren't particularly great, to put it mildly. He's got a country where it's been savaged and attacked and he's got an army that's been very, very brave actually, despite the fact that we've given him, in my opinion, $350 billion, that's what the real number is. You don't hear that number, and Europe has given, in my opinion, $100 billion, and they've done it in the form of a loan.

Donald Trump: And I have a Secretary of Treasury right now who's actually quite brave. He's over in Ukraine on a train and there's a lot of things happening around that train that aren't so good. And he's going there to get a document done where we're going to be assured that we're going to, in some form, get this money back because we're putting up far more money than Europe and Europe is in far more danger than we are.

Donald Trump: We have an ocean in between, Europe has nothing in between. You know what they have in between? They have Ukraine in between. So, wait a minute. So, as you know, Europe is putting up money, they're getting it in the form of a loan. And the United States under Biden didn't do loans, they just handed money -- every time somebody walked in from Ukraine, they just handed them money foolishly.

Donald Trump: This should have never happened. It should have never started. And once it did, other things should have happened, other things should have taken place. So, we're getting security on our money. We're going to have it secured by -- they have rare earth, and they have oil and gas, and they have a lot of other things.

Donald Trump: And we're asking for security on our money.

Question: [Inaudible] How long does Zelenskyy have?

Donald Trump: They've agreed to it. Ukraine has agreed to it.

Question: Does that mean you are not sending any more aid to Ukraine?

Donald Trump: No, we are but we want it secured, and the money is going to be secured.

Question: When will the US stop sending funding? [Inaudible] When would the US stop sending funding?

Donald Trump: Because if we didn't do that, then Putin would say he won. We're the thing that's holding it back. And frankly, we'll go as long as we have to go because we're not going to let the other happen. But President Putin wants to have peace now, and that's good, and he didn't want to have peace with Biden.

Question: Was that conversation with Putin --

Donald Trump: And you tell me why that is, OK?

Question: Was that conversation with Putin to start these negotiations part of the deal to bring Fogel home?

Donald Trump: No. But it was a nice thing that he allowed Marc Fogel to leave. In fact, Marc wasn't feeling well, but he was all of a sudden, about two weeks ago, he started being treated very nicely. He said they took him out for haircuts. They took him out, they helped him out a little bit and made him feel better, made him look better and they were nice to him.

Donald Trump: And he said, I saw something happening and it had to -- it coincided with when I came into office. So, that was nice. And he was -- he's a fine person; he was so happy to be out. He was there for three and a half years plus, and he shouldn't have been there at all. He should have -- they should have had him out much faster than that.

Question: Does this make you believe that Zelenskyy will --

Donald Trump: Wade, go ahead, please.

Question: Sir, just to be clear, do you see any future in which Ukraine returns to its pre-2014 borders?

Donald Trump: Well, I think Pete said today that that's unlikely, right? It certainly would seem to be unlikely. They took a lot of land, and they fought for that land, and they lost a lot of soldiers. But it would just seem to me, and I'm not making an opinion on it, but I've read a lot on it and a lot of people think that that's unlikely.

Donald Trump: Some of it will come back, I think some of it will come back. Yeah, some of that land will come back.

Question: But these are -- ultimately, these are both Russians --

Donald Trump: Who are you with? Yeah.

Question: Me, AFP, Agence France-Presse. I just wanted to ask you, you -- the things that the Secretary of Defense was talking about, the 2014 borders and the lack of NATO membership. Ultimately, these are both demands that Russia has made in the past, is there not a danger of handing Russia a kind of win on this?

Donald Trump: Well, I think that if you look at the war, the way the war is going, you have to make your own determination. I'm just here to try and get peace. I don't care so much about anything other than I want to stop having millions of people killed -- killed. Last night, Kyiv got hit very, very hard. I want to see people stop getting killed, that war is ridiculous.

Donald Trump: It should have never happened, and it would have never happened. Yeah, a couple of more questions.

Question: Are you planning to sign today? Are you planning to sign an executive order on reciprocal tariffs, sir?

Donald Trump: Yes, I am. In fact, I may do it today. And if I do it today, I could almost do it right now. Would you like me to talk about it now? I don't want to take anything away from this young lady's day because this is her day and I may do it later on or I may do it tomorrow morning, but we'll be signing reciprocal tariffs.

Donald Trump: The world has taken advantage of the United States for many years. They've charged us massive tariffs that we haven't charged them. And as you know, I just did something on steel and aluminum, 25 percent, and that'll go up at some point, but 25 percent, which will level the playing field quite a bit. I did it previously 50 percent and Obama was very weak and Biden was even weaker on steel.

Donald Trump: And steel was just absolutely -- it really started with Obama. The world really took advantage of us and then that morphed into Biden. And what they did was -- he was so worried about trying to attack his political opponent that he didn't know what he was doing with respect to countries taking advantage.

Donald Trump: He should have looked at the countries, both friend and foe taking advantage of us. So, we're going to be doing reciprocal tariffs, which is whatever they charge, we charge very simply. But we're going to --.

Question: [Inaudible] Mr. President, are you considering exemptions? [Inaudible] talk about widespread fraud and abuse.

Donald Trump: Oh, yeah, tremendous fraud. There's tremendous fraud and it's hard to that you can have that kind of fraud. You're talking about, like -- are you talking about what? Wait, wait, which are you talking -- you're talking about with regard to all of the investigations that are going on about the stupidity? What we're going to do is tomorrow I'm having a news conference.

Donald Trump: I'm going to read to you some of the names that hundreds of millions and even billions of dollars have been given to. And if you tell me that we should be giving money to those things, those entities, I think you'll probably have to leave as a reporter because you're not very talented. When you look at the kind of money -- billions and billions of dollars being thrown away illegally and there's no chance -- I'm going to say it in front of our attorney general, there's no chance that there's not kickbacks or something going on. When you give millions and millions of dollars to somebody that stands to look at something for 15 minutes and walks away with millions of dollars.

Donald Trump: That money is coming back in some form, and that's only one form of corruption. The biggest thing is what they do to our country. They're taking massive amounts of money and spending it on items. I went through a list of 200 expenditures that were made, and I found three that looked like they were reasonable.

Donald Trump: OK, three, and we'll be talking about that tomorrow. We have a lot of stuff --. And I want to commend Elon, because he's done a fantastic -- he doesn't need this. He's abused by you people every day. He's found more things than anybody could find. I think he's got the credibility to do it. I know he does.

Donald Trump: And it's his group of people, they started off with 12, I call them 12 geniuses. They started off with 12 and they went to 20 and 25. And now they're up to almost 100. People are joining to help them because this is a massive fraud that's taking place. And then you have judges that are activists, and they sit there, and they say, oh, as an example, $59 million going to a little small group in New York City.

Donald Trump: You get nothing going to North Carolina to help -- nothing. They say we don't have any money because they've given it away on the border. But you have nothing. What they did to North Carolina is a shame, and then they sent $59 million to New York City for a hotel for a little bit of nothing, what they've done.

Donald Trump: A hotel that was not luxury that's getting luxury rates for migrants where they're making a fortune and we catch them, we catch them. But a judge says, well, even though it may be a fraud, you have to send the money in anyway, send the money. I said wait a minute; we have money that shouldn't go because we caught it before it was sent out.

Donald Trump: But they want the money to go anyway. And I think you're going to have a lot of things to look at, Pam. I really do -- what's going on with this whole thing. And this is just one group. We haven't talked about Department of Education. We haven't talked about the military. We haven't talked about a lot of things that are very big.

Donald Trump: And what's happened is, as an example, you'll have cases where you have a three-month contract and maybe the guy that signs the contract leaves, maybe he gets rich, all of a sudden he leaves for that reason. But you have a three-month contract and maybe he leaves. So, the contract is sitting there and the people signing the checks don't know it's three months and it goes on for years.

Donald Trump: The three months turns out to be three years, five years, 10 years, it just goes on forever. And the guy on the other side of the contract just keeps getting check after check after check because -- Elon had an expression yesterday, because nobody cares. It's a great expression. Nobody cares. The guy that signed the contract didn't care.

Donald Trump: May be there may not be there. May be crooked, who knows? But you have to care, otherwise you can't really run a thing like that or you can't run a country really because there's so many transactions, thousands and thousands of transactions. And if you don't have people that care, you're going to lose control.

Donald Trump: And that's what's happened, and we've caught it. Now, what we caught is billions and billions of dollars, but it's a tiny fraction of the real number. Because you can never catch the real number because people have gotten away with tremendous amounts of money. But I said we have to make our government smaller, more efficient, more effective and a lot less expensive.

Donald Trump: And we could find $1 trillion, but we're being hindered by courts where they file in certain courts where it's very hard to win and a judge will stop us. And a judge will say that it doesn't make any difference what you find, you just keep paying the money, that's a hell of a way to be. And I follow the courts, I have to follow the law.

Donald Trump: All it means is that we appeal, but that gives people time to cover their tracks and that's what they do. So, it's a very bad thing that's taking place. But hopefully, if the courts -- hopefully, the courts will be fair. They don't have to be very fair. They just have to be a little bit fair because this is so egregious what's taking place.

Donald Trump: Nobody's ever seen anything like it. Nobody's seen numbers like this. These are massive numbers -- $9 million for somebody to go and stand in a store and see how people shop, OK? I mean, you take a look at these things. It's a disgrace, and then you have a country that we want to make America great again.

Donald Trump: It's very hard to make America great again when you have things like this. And you're going to see the same thing, Department of Education is going to be a disaster. The military, I mean, I see it -- look, I bought -- I came in, they had a contract done, as you know, for $5.7 billion for airplanes. It was Air Force One with Boeing, $5.7 billion, I got it down to $4 billion, a little less than that, one penny less than that -- $3,000,999,999.99 they said.

Donald Trump: I said it has to have a three in front of it because I wouldn't sign the contract for $5.7 billion. I was able to cut $1.7 billion off the price and it didn't take me long, $1.7 billion. If people would care, they'd be able to do that with every single contract that's put before them. And we wouldn't have deficits, we'd have nothing but a tremendously low taxed wonderful country, but they have to care.

Donald Trump: And speaking of that, you know Boeing, we're not happy with the service we're getting in terms of those planes. They would like to get more money. We're not happy about that whole thing. We signed a very strong contract. I signed a guaranteed maximum contract, which I haven't seen in a long time. And they're saying they're getting hurt by it. But they have to produce the product, and we expect them to produce the product.

Donald Trump: They have to produce the product. They agreed to build planes at a certain price. They're not used to that. They're used to having time and material contracts where it's whatever it costs time and material, no dates, no anything and it ends up costing five times more. You look at some of the ships that have been built.

Donald Trump: Look at -- take a look at the Gerald Ford, the aircraft carrier, the Ford. It came -- it was supposed to cost $3 billion; it ended up costing like $18 billion and they make, of course, all electric catapults, which don't work. And they have all magnetic elevators to lift up 25 planes at a time, 20 planes at a time.

Donald Trump: And instead of using hydraulic, like on tractors, that can handle anything from hurricanes to lightning to anything, they used magnets. It's a new theory, magnets are going to lift the planes up, and it doesn't work.

Donald Trump: And they had billions and billions of dollars of cost overruns. I met the architect. I said, have you designed a ship before? This is one of the biggest ships in the world. It's like landing at LaGuardia airport. But you look at the kind of waste, fraud and abuse that this country is going through and we have to straighten it out.

Donald Trump: We have great people going into the military in terms of we need ships, we need a lot of things. We have great people, we have business people going in. But when you look at what's happened to our purchasing, the purchasing and when you look at the USAID, when you look at the things that they're giving to the -- billions, the billions of dollars that they're giving to and it doesn't make sense.

Donald Trump: It is interesting that when you're looking for fraud, you look at items, hundreds of items and you'll find one or two maybe if you're lucky. Here's something where you look at it and they're all fraudulent. You know, by just looking at the topic, they're all fraudulent. Except it's the opposite, you'll find one or two That's like a legitimate reason.

Donald Trump: So, I just want to thank Elon for going through it. I want to thank all the people that are working with him. We have a big group of people. I think the lowest IQ is about 160. That's very high. I think you have a couple of 182s in there, but they're doing a fantastic job. He doesn't need it and they don't need it, but it's a big -- people have no idea how important it is. Yeah?

Question: How soon do you want the Department of Education to be closed?

Donald Trump: Oh, I'd like it to be closed immediately. Look, the Department of Education is a big con job. We're ranked -- so they ranked the top 40 countries in the world. We're ranked number 40th, but we're ranked number one in one department, costs per pupil. So we spend more per pupil than any other country in the world, but we're ranked number 40. We've been between 38 and 40. The last time I looked it was 38. And then I looked two days ago, it came out the new list.

Donald Trump: It came out at number 40, so we're ranked 40. Norway, Denmark, Sweden, I hate to say it, China, as big as it is, it's ranked in the top five and that's our primary competitor. We're ranked number 40. So if we're ranked number 40 that means something's really wrong, right? And I say send it back to Iowa, to Idaho, to Colorado.

Donald Trump: Send it back to places that -- and a lot of Indiana. You have a great new governor. You have a great senator, that Jim Banks just got elected. You got great people. I'll tell you what, Indiana is going to be fantastic. We probably have 35, maybe 37 states that will do as well as Denmark, Norway, Finland, Sweden.

Donald Trump: They'll be just as good. Then you have the ones that we all know about. It'll be the same story, but you know what, even they will be good. Because you look at New York, you give it to Westchester County, you give it to Long Island, you give it to Nassau County, you give it to Suffolk County, same thing.

Donald Trump: You go out to -- and you give it to upstate New York, so you have four or five sections. You give it to Manhattan. Manhattan is a little bit tougher for some reason. I don't know why it would be tougher, but it is you give to California and you go to various areas outside of Los Angeles and you might have six or seven different subgroups.

Donald Trump: But generally, if you go to Iowa, you give it to Iowa. You don't have subgroups, you have Iowa and other places that do a good job. If they do a good job, they're going to do a great job in education. Those places will be every bit as good as the various countries that do so well. All the time, it's the same countries that are doing well.

Donald Trump: And so we have a Department of Education where people from Washington, DC who in many cases don't care about the kids out in the country. They don't care about the farms and the farmer's daughter and the father's sons. We have a massive bureaucracy in Washington, DC. We have buildings that are all over the city, Department of Education.

Donald Trump: Department of Education in all these buildings. By the way, nobody shows up to work because they're all working at home, quote, working at home. They're not working at home. And a lot of them have second jobs. And that's the other thing that Elon Musk is looking at, how many of these people are getting checks, working at home, but they're not working because they have second jobs and even third jobs?

Donald Trump: You're going to find a lot of them and those people are going to be fired because we have to make our government smaller. All right. One more question. Yeah, Jennifer, go ahead. Nice to see you.

Question: Thank you, sir. Two questions, one on Ukraine again and then another one on the Kennedy Center. Do you think that by, as far as your negotiating tactics go, did Pete Hegseth take away some of your negotiating abilities with Putin by taking Ukraine's sovereign integrity off the table by taking [Inaudible]?

Donald Trump: No, I haven't done that. I'm backing Ukraine. I'm backing Ukraine. Don't say that. I'm approving, but I do want security for our money. Europe is getting security. You know that, right? They're giving their money in the form of a loan. Nobody knows that. And why are we at $350 billion and Europe, which doesn't separate with an ocean like we do, we have a little thing called an ocean in between, why is it that Europe is paying $200 billion less than us to help Ukraine, very similar size?

Donald Trump: If you add up all the European countries, it's a little bit smaller than the US in terms of the economy. Why is it that they're not paying the kind of numbers that they should be paying? And then on top of it, and I've been saying this to Biden. I told Biden I said you ought to be asking for either a loan or some kind of a security, like their oil and gas or something for the money because you're putting up much more money than Europe and you have no security.

Donald Trump: Europe's putting up a much smaller amount and it's in the form of a loan, because we have people that were incompetent in the last administration, grossly incompetent and we're changing it. But we change it and all we do is we get hit by lawsuits from the radical left all the time. But here we are. We stand and I guess we've done OK. Thank you very much, everybody.

Donald Trump: Thank you. Thank you.