Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-bilat-micheal-martin-ireland-march-12-2025

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. It's a great honor to have Micheál Martin, Taoiseach of Ireland. It's a special place, and he's a very special guy. He did it the hard way also. He served and then took a little time off, and then he served again. I've heard about that. That happens on occasion. And he's done very well, and uh, we knew each other from a long time ago, but uh, it's a great honor to have you in the Oval Office and have you at the White House.

Donald Trump: We have tremendous business relationships with Ireland, and that will only get stronger. The relationship we have personally and every other way is very, very strong and very, very good. So I just want to welcome you to Washington DC and to our country, and thank you very much.

Micheál Martin: May I thank you, President. It's a great honor for me to be here uh to celebrate St. Patrick's uh with you --

Donald Trump: Right.

Micheál Martin: -- and I thank you for your hospitality uh and the warmth of your reception uh, and I commend you uh in terms of the work that you're doing, particularly in terms of the pursuit of peace --

Donald Trump: Right.

Micheál Martin: -- which we discussed earlier uh. I think that's going well uh, and you really have um in the first sort of 100 years of this uh government you've done some extraordinary things very quickly.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Micheál Martin: -- everybody's watching that respect.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Micheál Martin: It's a pleasure to be here. It's an honor to be here.

Donald Trump: Well, it's a great honor to have you and special people, very special people. I know --

Micheál Martin: Of course.

Donald Trump: -- a lot of Irish and uh growing up in New York I know a couple of your people that used to live in that beautiful Ireland and now uh they're here, but they love your country very much. You know that's -- they have a great, they have a great feeling toward your country.

Micheál Martin: They have, and they a lot come back --

Donald Trump: Yup.

Micheál Martin: -- for holidays and stuff like that --

Donald Trump: They come back, they come back. Yeah.

Micheál Martin: -- and checking out their family ancestry and things like that, you know.

Donald Trump: Great, fantastic people.

Micheál Martin: Some go to Doonbeg as well, yeah.

Donald Trump: And they -- we love Doonbeg. I love them. I don't know if I'll ever see it again, maybe I won't, but --

Micheál Martin: Well, we would like to [Inaudible].

Donald Trump: I, I think I will. We'll get there. We're going to get there. A beautiful place, wonderful place. Uh, any questions please?

Question: Mr. President, on the tariffs, how far are --

Donald Trump: Yeah, please.

Question: Mr. President, how worried are you worried about the Tariffs from the EU which were announced yesterday? And also how worried should Ireland be given the fact that it has a massive trade surplus with the U.S. over $50 billion? Micheál Martin was quite nervous about what going to tell him to get.

Donald Trump: Well, I don't think he looks nervous to me. [Laughter] And if he was nervous, he wouldn't show it now. I -- we do have a massive uh deficit with Ireland because Ireland was very smart. They took our pharmaceutical companies away from president that didn't know what they were doing, and you know it's too bad that happened.

Donald Trump: It's a tremendous job. I give -- look, the Irish are smart. You have smart people and you took our pharmaceutical companies and other companies, but you know, through taxation and proper taxation, they made it very, very good for companies to move over there. And we had presidents and people that were involved in this that had no idea what they were doing.

Donald Trump: And they lost big segments of our economy. The European Union treats us very badly and they have for years. I saw that. I had it out with them in my first term. I did well, but we had to solve other problems and we did. But European Union's been very tough and it's our turn, too. You know, we get a turn at that also.

Donald Trump: But they have not been fair. They sue our companies and win massive amounts of money. They sued Apple. Won $17 billion and they used that for other reasons, I guess, or to run the European Union. So I'm not knocking it. They're doing what they should be doing, perhaps, for the European Union, but it does create ill will.

Donald Trump: And as you know, we're going to be doing reciprocal tariffs. So whatever they charge us with, we're charging them. Nobody can complain about that. Whatever it is, it doesn't even matter what it is. If they charge us -- if they charge us 25 or 20 percent or 10 percent or 2 percent or 200 percent, then that's what we're charging them.

Donald Trump: And so I don't know why people get upset about that because there's nothing more fair than that. And we -- we had a problem with Ontario and they dropped that. When I let them know what we were going to be doing, they dropped it immediately. So I'm glad because electricity shouldn't be playing with electricity.

Donald Trump: It affects people's lives. Their -- their -- actually, their life. I mean, it can affect -- depending on whether, it can affect their life, so we can't do that. And it doesn't make sense that our country allows electricity to be made in another country and sold in to us. Who did that deal for the United States?

Donald Trump: OK, I looked at that long ago and I said that's not something that's very smart. So we've had a lot of bad trade policies, and yet, we're doing very well right now. But we're doing well because I won the election. If I didn't win the election, you would have had a very bad period. I think a lot of the stock market going down was because of a really bad four years that we had when you look at inflation and all of the other problems that were -- I mean, wars and inflation and so many other problems.

Donald Trump: But we're going to have very good years. We're going to have -- we had -- I don't know if you saw a little thing like the cost of eggs. Little to you, but big to people out there down almost 30 percent in the last few days. We got it down. We did a lot of things. We have a great Secretary of Agriculture and we did a lot of things that got the cost of eggs down very substantially and so many other things.

Donald Trump: A very big thing that I'm very happy with is oil is down to six -- $5 a barrel, and that's faster than I would have -- we put on the gas. We stepped on the gas in order to get oil and what's -- what's happening. So we're getting that down. And when energy comes down, prices are going to be coming down with it. So in a very short period of time, we've done a very good job.

Donald Trump: And I think that the tariffs that we're talking about, and again, reciprocal, I think that the tariffs -- there are some cases where they're a little beyond reciprocal because, you know, we've been abused for a long time as a country. We have been abused really for a long time and we will be abused no longer.

Donald Trump: OK.

Question: Are you going to retaliate to the EU retaliation -- -- On the Department of Education, sir, would you describe for us this meeting your vision by cutting about half the workforce? And what responsibility do you feel to the civil servants who have now lost their jobs? Many of them worked at the Department of Education during their first term.

Donald Trump: Sure I do. I feel very badly and -- but many of them don't work at all. Many of them never showed up to work. Many of them -- many of them never showed up to work, Kelly. And unfortunately, and that's not good. And when we cut, you know, we go -- and that's what I had a number of meetings with a lot of people over the last couple of months.

Donald Trump: When we cut, we want to cut, but we want to cut the people that aren't working or not doing a good job. We're keeping the best people. And Linda McMahon is a real professional, a very -- actually a very sophisticated business person and she cut a large number, but she kept the best people and we'll see how it all works out.

Donald Trump: But our country was run very badly. I mean, whether it was that or contracts that were signed that were so bad. So, obviously bad and I go through them in speeches, I could go through them all day long. I could read for billions and hundreds of billions of dollars and all of that fat and waste and fraud and abuse is being taken out.

Donald Trump: But it's -- it's incredible what's happened. Now Department of Education, maybe more so than any -- any other place, has a lot of people that can be cut. They're, number one, not showing up to work, number two, they're not doing a good job. And if you take a look at -- take a look at our education process and if you look at the charts, because they have numerous charts where they do the top 40, we're at number 37, 38, 39 and 40. And recently, they hit, during Biden's last few days, they hit last.

Donald Trump: So they were number 40. And yet, we're number one in cost per pupil. So it's pretty bad. But we have a -- we have a dream and you know what the dream is? We're going to move the Department of Education -- we're going to move education into the states so that the states, instead of bureaucrats working in Washington, so that the states can run education.

Donald Trump: And you have Norway, you have Denmark, you have Sweden, you have various -- Finland, you have various countries that do very well. You also have China that does very well in education, which is a pretty big tribute to China. I must say at 1.4 billion and they're in the top 10 and it's pretty amazing. So, we can't blame size anymore.

Donald Trump: You know, normally you'd blame size, it's too big. How can you do it. But China does it, so we think when you move it back to Iowa and Indiana and all the states that run so well, there's so many, I could name 30, maybe almost 40. Those will be as good as Denmark. Those will be as good as Norway and they'll be as good as any of these -- I believe they'll be as good as any.

Donald Trump: Now, then you're going to have 10 that won't be so great. You're going to have five that will not be good at all, but we'll work with them and we'll get them to be good. But what we want to do is always school choice, but we're going to do school choice and we're doing it. But we want education to be moved back where the states run education, where the parents of the children will be running education, where governors that are doing a very good job, will be running education, not run -- I drive through the city and I see like so many buildings, Department of Education, Department of -- big buildings and department -- and by the way, they're empty.

Donald Trump: Nobody shows up to work. So, I think Linda did a very good job.

Question: Mr. President. Do you -- do you -- do you have a meeting with Vladimir Putin scheduled or conversation? What would be your pledge to him --

Donald Trump: -- I won't -- I won't comment on that, but we had a great success yesterday. We have a full cease fire when it -- if it kicks in. We have to see. It's up to Russia now, but we've had a good relationship with both parties, actually, and we'll see. We'll be knowing people are going to Russia right now as we speak and hopefully we can get a cease fire from Russia.

Donald Trump: And if we do, I think that would be 80 percent of the way to getting this horrible bloodbath finished. It's a bloodbath is taking place over there. On average 2 to 3000 young people a week are being killed in that stupid war that would have never happened if I were president. So, we have people going over there.

Donald Trump: Mr. VP, do you have anything to say about it because you're very much involved? What's going to happen?

J.D. Vance: Yes, sir. Well, we've got some conversations that are happening on the phone and in person with some of our representatives over the next couple of days. As the president said, we think that we're in a very good place where the Ukrainians have agreed to a ceasefire and we're now going to see whether we can get the Russians to agree to a cease fire, too.

J.D. Vance: And we'll certainly have news on that when we -- when we find out that news.

Question: Are you confident that Vladimir Putin will keep the ceasefire, considering that he's broken them in the past?

Donald Trump: I haven't -- we haven't spoken to him yet with substance because we just found out and we just were able to get Ukraine to agree. So, we're going to know very soon. I've gotten some positive messages, but a positive message means nothing. This is a very serious situation. This is a situation that could lead to World War III and Biden should have never let it happen.

Donald Trump: Incompetence allowed this to happen. This shouldn't have happened. October 7th in the Middle East should have never happened with Israel. The horrible leaving the way they left Afghanistan should have never happened. Inflation should have never happened. You know, we have great inflation numbers, by the way, just got released.

Donald Trump: Inflation is way down and it's based on what we've done and we've done it in a very short period of time. You know, we had virtually no inflation. For four years, we had almost no inflation and when these characters took over, we went from no inflation to the worst inflation probably in the history of our country.

Donald Trump: So, it's a very interesting. Go ahead.

Question: Are you going to retaliate against --

Donald Trump: -- And by the way, I have to speak of inflation. I love these socks. What's with these socks? [Laughter]

Question: President Trump --

J.D. Vance: It's -- it's in honor of the peace talks, sir.

Donald Trump: I'm trying to stay focused, but I'm very impressed with the VPs socks.

Question: Mr. President -- -- What does it say to you that the United States is recognized as having such an important role in the peace process and yet half the parties from the Northern Ireland government have decided not to come to the Saint Patrick's Day celebrations?

Donald Trump: They haven't what?

Question: They haven't come over. They're boycotting the Saint Patrick's Day celebration.

Donald Trump: What are they boycotting?

Question: They are talking about your position on Gaza as one of the reasons.

Donald Trump: Oh, I haven't heard that. I really haven't heard that. Look --

Micheál Martin: -- Can I just say, I pay tribute to the president on the peace initiatives. The one thing we've learned in Ireland about the peace process that you've just spoken about, and I recall back in the early 90s when the first tentative steps to get peace in Ireland, people criticized people like John Hume or people like Albert Reynolds, and then Taoiseach, but they kept going.

Micheál Martin: And when we got that ceasefire in '93, ok, it took a number of years to get the comprehensive peace settlement. But again, the guns more or less largely went silent. The war in Ukraine is a devastating war on young people. And I think that very simple, straightforward narrative is to be commended. And we all have children.

Micheál Martin: I mean, we would be shocked at the prospect of young people losing their lives in that number, be they Ukrainian, be they Russian, whatever. Anything we can do to stop the violence, I think, is an extremely positive thing. And there will be all sorts of people having qualifications on it and all the rest of it. It's our job then to work on it and to try and build it for US and everything.

Question: Mr. President -- -- Mr. President, your office --

Donald Trump: -- And I will say, and thank you for that, but I will say last week, 2,500 young people died while we sit here and talk. And while they talk about peace, but they've been talking about peace -- this should have never happened. This war should have never happened. It would have never happened if I was president.

Donald Trump: That's what makes me more angry than anything else because you've had far more people die than they report than these people report for whatever reason. But you had far more people. The numbers are far more devastating. You'll find that out someday and it doesn't affect you very much. They're not Irish and they're not from my country.

Donald Trump: They're from Russia, mostly. Almost all from Russia and from Ukraine. And people could say why are you doing this? Why are you involved in that? Because there -- 2,000 people a week are dying and they have families and they have mothers and they have fathers and they have sisters and they have brothers and friends and they're dying.

Donald Trump: And I've seen the pictures, the satellite pictures that we see all the time and it looks like Gettysburg in its prime because that was, they say, one of the most horrific battles ever. You have kids lying all over these fields that are dead because the weapons today are unbelievable. Between drones and various types of guns, I'm not even talking about beyond that with the -- with the big babies, you understand what I mean.

Donald Trump: I hate to even mention the name, the nuclear name, I hate to mention it. But you have weapons today that are so powerful. And I see kids every week.

Donald Trump: I see pictures of kids laying all over the field dead, they're dead -- beautiful kids, they're dead. And they're not from here and they're not from where you are, but he's working very -- we're all working hard to get this thing finished. It's crazy, over nothing, and it's not going to go anywhere. It's just a terrible situation [Crosstalk]. And I think we have a chance to get it done.

Donald Trump: So, we've gotten half of it as a ceasefire. And if we can get Russia to stop, then we have a full ceasefire. And I think it'll never go back to war. I think something will happen [Crosstalk].

Question: Can I ask you about Putin's relationship with Israel? There's been a lot of talk recently the governments are looking to bring in what's called the Occupied Territories Bill, which would ban goods from occupied territories. I know you met with Prime Minister Netanyahu recently. Did Ireland come up in that conversation?

Question: Did he raise any concerns about the Irish [Crosstalk]?

Donald Trump: One thing I'll tell you, you're not from Israel, that's for sure, right [laughter]. She is definitely not from Israel. It's an interesting question coming from you. We talk about everything. Israel has been under siege, as you can see, and they had to fight back. October 7th, was a terrible thing. People don't like to mention it, but it was a terrible, terrible day in the life of the world.

Donald Trump: And it's amazing the way people don't mention that, but it was a -- I've never seen anything like it. Those are other clips I get to see. You know, as president you get to see clips that you'd rather not see. But I see clips and that was a terrible day for the world and we're working hard with Israel. We're working hard to see if we can solve the problem.

Donald Trump: I will say I just saw 10 hostages and they were treated really badly. They were really treated badly. I was shocked. I asked them, was there any kindness shown? They were in there -- one was in there for 500 days; one was 323 days. I said was there any -- 10 of them. I said was there any kindness displayed?

Donald Trump: Like, did they ever say, don't worry, you'll be okay, or give you a little wink or give you like an extra slice of bread or something? And everybody said -- all of these people said zero, it was hatred, it was pure hatred. So, I mean that's a very deep-seated problem, you have a big problem.

Question: [Crosstalk] some advice? Could you give the taoiseach some advice? Ireland is in the midst of a housing crisis now, and I know you have a lot of experience as a businessman. How can the state build tens of thousands of houses at speed?

Donald Trump: You know why they have a housing crisis? Because they're doing so well. They can't produce houses fast enough. That's a good problem, not a bad problem.

Micheál Martin: That's a pretty good answer, president.

Donald Trump: No, It's true.

Question: Will you put more tariffs on the EU, Mr. President? Mr. President, will you -- ?

Donald Trump: Everybody should have that problem, that's OK.

Question: Will you put more tariffs on the EU?

Donald Trump: I know this gentleman, he'll get it solved.

Question: Will you put more tariffs on the EU? Will you respond to their retaliation?

Donald Trump: Oh, of course, I'm going to respond.

Question: You will retaliate [Crosstalk]?

Donald Trump: The problem is our country didn't respond. Look, the EU was set up in order to take advantage of the United States.

Question: Including Ireland? Is Ireland taking advantage of the US?

Donald Trump: Of course they are. I can't -- you know, I have great respect for Ireland and what they did, and they should have done just what they did. But the United States shouldn't have let it happen. We had stupid leaders. We had leaders that didn't have a clue. Or let's say they weren't businesspeople, but they didn't have a clue what was happening.

Donald Trump: And all of a sudden, Ireland has our pharmaceutical companies and others, this beautiful island of, it's island, of 5 million people has got the entire US pharmaceutical industry in its grasp. And you mentioned housing and you mentioned other things. I mean, I have property in Ireland, as you know, and I love it. It does great.

Donald Trump: But I'd like to have -- I'd like to see the United States not have been so stupid for so many years, not just with Ireland, with everybody. You know, I looked at trade deals. I was telling the group yesterday I looked at trade deals in term one. It's one of the reasons I decided I had to do this because somebody had to straighten it out, and I didn't see anybody that was going to. I looked at trade deals that were so bad I'd actually say how is it possible that this could have happened?

Donald Trump: Who would have been so stupid to let these deals happen? For instance, when the pharmaceutical companies started to go to Ireland, I would have said that's okay. If you want to go to Ireland, I think it's great. But if you want to sell anything into the United States, I'm going to put a 200 percent tariff on you so you're never going to be able to sell anything into the United States.

Donald Trump: You know what they would have done? They would have stayed here.

Question: [Crosstalk].

Donald Trump: He's so lucky that I wasn't [Crosstalk].

Question: [Crosstalk] to Ireland, are you planning to lower corporate taxes to match Ireland's [Crosstalk]?

Donald Trump: Well, we are planning to lower taxes, yes, if the Democrats behave. But the Democrats have no clue. You saw that the other night during the speech. Two young women were slaughtered by illegal aliens, one young man has very serious cancer and many other problems. When you looked at the people up there, they all had difficulty, very serious difficulty.

Donald Trump: But when we're talking about two young girls, beautiful young girls, Laken Riley, you know the whole story, that evening was a disaster for the Democrats in my opinion. And I would mention -- and I'd see two mothers that were inconsolable as they stood, crying, their daughters have been absolutely just destroyed, killed, viciously killed.

Donald Trump: And the young man who loves the police departments, he had cancer and has cancer, very bad cancer. There wasn't a -- from people sitting there, Democrats. There wasn't a hand clap, nobody stood. They were just stone faced. These people are sick. There's something wrong with them. There was no standing for anybody.

Donald Trump: The only thing they liked is when they heard about the death taking place with Ukraine, they were happy about that. They were happy about that. Well, Pocahontas was very happy. She's the one that was clapping. That's why I looked at her. I said, oh, it's Pocahontas. These people are sick. They don't know what's happening in the real world.

Donald Trump: The Democrats have to get their act together. And if they don't vote, then what you're going to do is you're going to have taxes that are going to go through the roof. You're going to have a very bad time. You're going to have some very bad things happen and people are going to blame the Democrats. And Schumer is a Palestinian as far as I'm concerned, he's become a Palestinian.

Donald Trump: He used to be Jewish. He's not Jewish anymore. He's a Palestinian. OK.

Question: [Crosstalk] there's been a lot of on and off, some inconsistency --

Donald Trump: There's no inconsistency, only with NBC, which is one of the worst networks on television, by the way. Let me just tell you the inconsistency. I have the right, I have the right to adjust, and I would call -- I was called by the automakers, as an example, General Motors, Ford, etc., the big three, the big four.

Donald Trump: And they asked me to do them a favor, could I delay it for a period of four weeks so that they're not driven into a little bit of a disaster for them? They actually love what I'm doing, but they had a problem. And I didn't -- I'm not like a block that just -- I won't delay. I have -- it's called flexibility.

Donald Trump: It's not called inconsistency; it's called flexibility, and I think you want me to be flexible too.

Question: Is flexibility going to be your ongoing view towards -- ?

Donald Trump: Sure, I'll always have flexibility, but there will be very little flexibility once we start. April 2nd is going to be a very big day for the United States of America. The United States of America is going to take back a lot of what was stolen from it by other countries and by frankly incompetent US leadership, grossly incompetent.

Donald Trump: I gave you an example of Ireland. I would have never let that happen. Impossible for that to have happened. But we're going to take back our wealth and we're going to take back -- a lot of the companies that left are coming back. If you haven't read, we have the biggest computer chip company ever -- ever, has virtually all of the market.

Donald Trump: They called -- I didn't call them; they called me, and they called for two reasons. Number one, we had a great election of somebody that they want running the country and we ran -- we won in a big mandate. We won every swing state. We won by millions of votes. We won by 2,750 districts out of -- to 500. Think of that, 2,750 districts to 500. That's why the map when you looked at it was entirely red, meaning Republican, not meaning communist [laughter]. So, anyway.

Donald Trump: So, look, this country needed somebody to defend it. It's this big, beautiful place that was being ripped off by illegal immigrants coming in from prisons, coming in from mental institutions, gang members, gang leaders, drug dealers, pouring into our country with the open borders. I am so angry at the last four years at what they've done to our country, what they've done to this country between inflation -- but maybe the most that bothers me is that they would allow millions of people to come into our country that are stone cold murderers, killers, drug dealers, the worst -- gang members, the worst people allowed into our country.

Donald Trump: And we're now getting them out, we're going to get them out, we're getting them out. I want to thank Tom Homan, by the way, he's doing a great job. And I want to thank Kristi Noem, who's doing a fantastic job. That's not a -- this is a job that's so unnecessary. This should have never happened.

Donald Trump: This should have never happened. So, we're bringing back our country in many ways, not only financially. And financially, we'll be stronger than ever before. I think the markets are going to soar when they see what's happening. I'll tell you what, I'm called every day by numerous big, big companies. I spoke at the Business Roundtable yesterday.

Donald Trump: They had the largest attendance they've ever had, and these are only the CEOs and chairmen, but mostly the people that run, the boss, the people that run the top 150 companies. 150 people showed up. Every single company showed up first time it ever happened. It's been around a long time. The biggest business leaders.

Donald Trump: We had a great discussion. Went really well. And I want to tell you, there's tremendous optimism out there about our country in terms of regulations being cut, in terms of taxes being cut. And it would be great if the Democrats would -- would do what's right. It would be great if the Democrats would do what's right for our country for a change because they really are -- they're -- they've lost their way.

Donald Trump: They've lost their way. They think -- they think -- they think that people pouring into our country from prisons, jails, murderers, we have 11,088 murderers that were allowed into -- people that murdered people, half of which murdered more than one person in our country. We're getting them the hell out. But who would run it? Who would allow this to happen?

Donald Trump: Who would allow men to play in women's sports? And they're still fighting it. They're still -- it's got to be a 95 percent issue, but they're on television this morning. I see this person, a Democrat saying we should have the right -- no, no. Men should not be allowed -- they're hurting women. They're hurting women very badly.

Donald Trump: They're hurting women and they should not -- and they're also demeaning women. But who would want these things? And everything's transgender. Everybody transgender. That's all you hear about. Now, that's why we won the election in record numbers. But very importantly, now it is what it is. The Democrats should get with us and come up with good tax policy so that Ireland and other countries can't take our businesses away from us. And he understands exactly.

Donald Trump: You guys did the right thing. I'm not upset with you. I think -- I respect what you've done. You've done a great job.

Question: Mr. President --

Donald Trump: -- But our people -- our people --

Question: -- [Inaudible] --

Donald Trump: -- Our people did a very bad job --

Question: -- [Inaudible] -- -- How advanced are your plans to try and bring some of those companies back to America and will you be bringing --

Donald Trump: -- Well, I'd love to have them back. I mean, I'd love to have them back, but he'll be fighting me on it.

Micheál Martin: I mean, what I would say, President, if I could --

Question: -- Do you have a response to that --

Micheál Martin: -- If I could one second, just -- just make the point, it's a two way street too and we are investing a lot more in America now. And people may not realize, but Ryanair, one of our biggest airlines, for example --

Donald Trump: -- I'll trade --

Micheál Martin: -- Aercap, they buy more -- the two of them together buy more Boeing airplanes than anybody else outside of America.

Donald Trump: That's good.

Micheál Martin: That's a little known fact. It doesn't turn up in the statistics, but Ryanair and Aercap, big aircraft leasing company, Irish Company have done great work with Boeing and huge investments over the last couple of years, you know.

Donald Trump: They do a good job.

Micheál Martin: So -- and there's a lot of Irish companies here now, about 700 Irish companies based in America. Glanbia [sp], you know Smurfit [sp], what I was saying to you this morning, Vice President, a lot of them creating thousands of jobs in America. And it's only fair. I mean, that's correct.

Donald Trump: That's right.

Micheál Martin: And that's the way it should happen. And I think it's a very good relationship. We have -- it's -- it's a historic one and it's happened over time. We've added value to American companies. We've increased our value, they've got access to the European market and they did all of that. I understand where you're coming from fully, but I think it's a relationship that we can develop and that will endure into the future and will change.

Micheál Martin: It will adapt, you're evolving and you're doing things.

Donald Trump: It's true. And they've done a very good job. Now I just will say this, but with all that we've said we can talk about Ryanair. There's a massive deficit. I don't mean by a little bit. I mean, there's a massive deficit that we have with Ireland and with other countries, too, and we want to sort of even that out as nicely as we can and we'll -- we'll work together.

Donald Trump: We're going to work together great, but the deficit is -- is massive.

Question: [Inaudible].

Donald Trump: Wait till you hear this one.

Question: You said earlier that it was now up to Russia in terms of the ceasefire. Is there anything you can do in terms of pressuring Russia or in terms of sanctions or what can you do?

Donald Trump: Yeah. Yeah, we can, but I hope it's not going to be necessary. Sure we can pressure. We can do that with Russia. Remember this, Russia took Georgia from Bush, right? They took Crimea from a man named, Obama. Barack Hussein Obama, right? They're trying to take the whole thing from Biden. They're going for the whole ball of wax.

Donald Trump: Who is the only one that never took anything from? Trump. And in fact, I'm the one that stopped Nord Stream II, the pipeline, the biggest pipeline anywhere in the world. I stopped it. It was dead and then Biden got in and he approved it. Nobody mentions that. What I did to Russia was very tough. I was the toughest ever.

Donald Trump: But no -- they never took anything from me. They took him from Obama and Bush and they took it from Sleepy Joe Biden. With Biden, they wanted to take the whole country, but I think I've stopped that, but we'll see. But yeah, there are things you could do that -- that wouldn't be pleasant in a financial sense.

Donald Trump: I can do things financially that would be very bad for Russia. I don't want to do that because I want to get peace. I want to see peace and we'll see. But in a financial sense, yeah, we could do things very bad for Russia. It would be devastating for Russia, but I don't want to do that because I want to see peace.

Donald Trump: And we're getting close to maybe getting something done. We've got Ukraine done. And as you -- as you know, I've always said that Ukraine might have been the more difficult party. You saw -- you were here a week ago when some interesting things happened. I had somebody that didn't seem to want peace now he's agreed to peace.

Donald Trump: So, we'll see what happens.

Question: [Inaudible] -- -- [Inaudible] --

Donald Trump: -- Brian? Brian?

Question: Yes, thanks.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Question: [Inaudible] First, I want to congratulate you and your lower inflation core ratings.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Question: Gas prices going down, airline prices going down, but this is for the Irish gentleman here, if I can see him real quickly. Welcome to United States. You look -- you look great.

Micheál Martin: Thank you.

Question: Nice suit.

Donald Trump: That's it. Now you feel good. He knows.

Micheál Martin: What's coming next?

Question: [Inaudible] on Make America Great Again, if you could run on MIGA, Make Ireland Great Again, what would your number one issue be for people in Ireland right now to make your country stronger? And I've got a two part question to that as well.

Micheál Martin: The number one issue in Ireland is housing. To be honest, and I think it was correctly pointed out, we've got to build more houses. We've got to build them faster to give the young people of Ireland an opportunity to afford to buy a house or to afford to rent a house. We have a lot of other good things happening.

Micheál Martin: That's my number one priority. What --

Question: -- Are you trying to perform -- -- And the second part of my question is Ireland is known for very happy, fun, loving people, great attitude, many in this room right now that I've met. Why in the world would you let Rosie O'Donnell move to Ireland? I think she's going to lower your happiness level.

Donald Trump: That's true. Thank you. I like that question. Do you know you have Rosie O'Donnell? Do you know who she is?

Micheál Martin: Yes.

Question: I'm joking.

Donald Trump: You're better off -- you're better off not knowing. [Laughter]

Question: Prime Minister -- Prime Minister, are you expecting -- are you expecting to inform the president your views on Gaza considering that you have diametrically opposed positions on the state of Palestine? Your country is one of three in Europe that recognizes the State of Palestine. Are you expecting to discuss this with the president?

Question: Are you expecting to inform him?

Micheál Martin: I don't -- I don't have to inform the president. He's very well clued into the whole situation. We share the president's, again, unrelenting focus on peace. And his envoy and the president himself, as soon as he came into office, went to get a ceasefire. We've been calling for a ceasefire for a long time.

Micheál Martin: And we want to consolidate the peace. That is our fundamental -- we want the hostages out, I've been saying it from day one. It's a horrific thing to do to take someone as a hostage. And I went to Kibbutz Be'eri after October the 7th, in solidarity with Israel, and that gets forgotten, and I went a week or two afterwards.

Micheál Martin: I saw the kibbutz. It was a shocking thing to see, even though it was a week or two after the horror. It was a village. You could see life going on prior to the attack. It was something that will not leave me. And so -- and I've been interested in the Middle East for a long, long time. It's complex and it's all of that.

Micheál Martin: But we do desperately need the hostages out, all of them are. Far too long --

Question: -- Are you --

Micheál Martin: -- Let me finish. And then we need a ceasefire. We need to consolidate that. We need a surge of humanitarian aid into Gaza because, again, there's too many children and too many people starving and so on. Just too many -- and it's that humanitarian impulse is what motivates the Irish in respect of its views.

Micheál Martin: And I've always been of the view, it's been our view that a two state solution would be ideal. It's become much more challenging and difficult as time has moved on, but that has always been our -- our position. But it's genuinely to have people -- because we've gone through this, we discussed this prior to you coming in. We've been through some of this, people hating each other terrible acts of violence carried out on each other.

Micheál Martin: We came through it. It's our earnest hope that Arab and Jewish people can live side by side. And I've met with people, parents of children who were killed on both sides and called parents circle and they worked to try and bring people together. It's difficult work.

Question: What about the president's plan to expel Palestinians out of Gaza? Are you discussing that with him and giving him your --

Donald Trump: -- Nobody's expelling any Palestinians. I don't know -- who are you with?

Question: I'm with Voice of America, sir.

Donald Trump: Oh, no wonder. OK, Voice of --

Question: [Crosstalk] Can you explain how he feels about the president, just saying that he would like to take back US companies, pharma companies based in Ireland?

Micheál Martin: Well, I think the pharmaceutical companies in Ireland are doing very well as the president has outlined. And, again, I think it's about that two-way partnership. I understand fully where the president is coming from. I think there's actually room that we can discuss all this. I think there's room for those companies to grow in America.

Micheál Martin: And many of them, by the way have already announced fairly significant manufacturing investments now.

Donald Trump: It's true, just recently.

Micheál Martin: Like people like Eli Lilly, for example, who have been a long-standing presence in Ireland since the 1970s. I spoke to the CEO recently. He's a great, great guy. And he's announced, I think about a $50 billion investment in America?

Donald Trump: Plants, new plants.

Micheál Martin: There's big investment, you know, they've had big investment in Ireland. Ireland has served them well too. The workforce is very strong. It's an educated workforce. They delivered well during COVID-19. A number of CEOs said to me, a lot of the plants in Ireland were the only plants that never closed for a single day during COVID, not a single day, productivity is good and so on like that, but there'll be swings and roundabouts.

Question: [Crosstalk] Mr. President, thank you so much. You spoke to President Putin for quite a while on the phone. So, I want to know your assessment. When you take this deal to him now, what do you -- how do you assess the chances of doing this?

Donald Trump: I have no assessment, and I don't go by chance. I think it makes sense for Russia, a lot of downside for Russia too. And we have a very complex situation solved on one side, pretty much solved. We've also discussed land and other things that go with it. We're not just doing it and saying ceasefire and we don't know what's happening.

Donald Trump: We know the areas of land we're talking about, whether it's pullback or not pullback. We've discussed a lot of the details of what has to go because we don't want to be wasting time. We don't want to be wasting time while people are dying. I mean, as we're sitting here, you probably had two people die on that very open field.

Donald Trump: You know, it's dead flat, it's great farmland and it's dead flat. There's no protection. The only thing that stops a bullet is a human body, and these are bodies that are young people and they're stopping a lot of bullets because a lot of bullets are flying across those level fields. Dead flat, no protection whatsoever.

Donald Trump: It is a disaster. And so, I hope he's going to -- I hope he's going to have a ceasefire.

Question: [Crosstalk] You are using the American leverage to get a lot of political issues that [crosstalk].

Donald Trump: Well, I don't want to get into that, but if I had to, I'm the only one that's dealt with them successfully. Everyone else went through it, Bush didn't deal with them successfully, dealt with them terribly, got ripped off. And Obama was a disaster. You know, they have with Obama, he gave them sheets and I gave them anti-tank missiles, you know that, right?

Donald Trump: It's called javelin. You know the javelin? I'm the one that gave him the javelins. People don't say that. And then they say, oh, Trump has a great relationship with Russia. I'm the one that gave him the javelins, Obama gave him sheets. That's an expression, he gave sheets, I gave javelins, so.

Question: [Crosstalk] Mr. President, how worried should the undocumented Irish be about your administration that you don't round them up and send them over here?

Donald Trump: Oh, I think the Irish love Trump. We won the Irish with a tremendous amount of votes. I want to thank you very much. We won in the 80s with Irish, I got the Irish vote. I think I have it locked up pretty good unless I did something very stupid like drained your company, your wonderful place of all of its companies.

Donald Trump: If I drained Ireland of all of the -- maybe I'd lose the Irish vote, I don't know. But right now, no, I love your -- I love it. I've been there many times, as you know, and we don't want to do anything to hurt Ireland. We want it -- but we do want fairness, and he understands that.

Question: [Crosstalk] Mr. President, [Inaudible] on the markets, you [crosstalk].

Donald Trump: No, that's enough, Kelly. Thank you.

Question: But [Inaudible] is there anything that the Taoiseach could say to you today that would dissuade you from going out and [Off-mic]?

Donald Trump: I can't hear it.

Question: Mr. President, it's Irish-American appreciation month [Inaudible]. Who's your favorite Irish person?

Donald Trump: Oh, there are so many, are you kidding me? Well, I do happen to like your fighter. He's got the best tattoos I've ever seen. I don't know if I'm a big [Inaudible], but that --

Question: Conor McGregor. Was that [Inaudible] Joe Biden? Conor.

Donald Trump: Boy, you have -- O'Connor's great, right? You know, talking about Conor, but you have a lot of them -- you have a lot of great Irish fighters actually, great fighters. I don't know what that is, but Ireland's always had a lot of good fighters. You know why? Because they're tough people, they're smart people and they're passionate people.

Donald Trump: And they really have been over the years so many -- I think your father was a great fighter, right?

Micheál Martin: He was. [Inaudible].

Donald Trump: Wow, and yet look at you, you're so smooth and so --

Micheál Martin: He was a very good defensive boxer, he could weave.

Donald Trump: He was a really good --

Micheál Martin: He was a good boxer, yeah.

Donald Trump: Yeah, yeah.

Micheál Martin: For Ireland, boxed for Ireland and fought some very good [crosstalk].

Donald Trump: That means you're genetically -- I'm not going to mess around, yeah.

Question: Do you follow any Irish golfers?

Donald Trump: OK, let's -- a couple more from somebody that didn't ask a question. Yeah, please go ahead.

Question: Mr. President, should Apple go back to the US from Ireland?

Donald Trump: Who?

Question: Apple?

Donald Trump: Oh, Apple's been treated very badly. Look, Apple had tremendously bad luck. I thought they had a very good lawsuit, but they lost.

Micheál Martin: Yeah, we fought with them.

Donald Trump: $16 billion, $16 billion, and they were after a lot of our American companies. See, that's what's unfair. It's the European Union. I'm not blaming you. I'm blaming the European Union. The European Union's gone after our companies and Apple is a great company and they have to give $16 billion, $17 billion on a lawsuit that I didn't think was a good lawsuit.

Donald Trump: No, that's not good. No, the European -- we have a problem with the European Union. They don't take our farm products. They don't take our cars. We take millions of cars, BMWs and Mercedes-Benz and Volkswagens and everything. We take millions of cars. I said to Angela Merkel at the time, I said, Angela, how many Chevrolets do we have in the middle of Munich?

Donald Trump: Why, none. I said, you're right, we have none. That's the way it is. We have none. No, I'm not happy with the European Union, I want to tell you. And we're going to win that. We're going to win that financial battle. It's a financial battle.

Question: [Crosstalk] European cars, Mr. President, tariffs on European cars. Is that something you're now considering?

Donald Trump: Oh, absolutely, I will do that.

Question: Mr. President, [crosstalk].

Donald Trump: Think of it, they have millions of cars coming in, millions and millions of cars, one of probably the largest, Japan's very big too. But -- and they don't accept our cars. We make great cars. They don't have our cars, but we have their cars. They don't have our farm products. We have the greatest farmers in the world.

Donald Trump: They don't accept our farm products, and we accept theirs. So, things are going to change unless they do what they have to do, and they know what they have to do. This is not going to be a tough battle. In my opinion, not going to be tough. Just like when Ontario charged us, everybody said, oh, they just charged us. This will be won in one hour.

Donald Trump: And I announced what we were going to do and they withdrew their little threat. And what they don't say in Canada is that 270 percent -- have you ever heard that? We have tariffs on dairy products from Canada of 270 percent going up to 400 percent. You never hear that. Canada is absolutely one of the worst, and when I say worst, worst in terms of charging tariffs.

Donald Trump: Their dairy products, they charge our farmers 240, 250, 270 and 400 percent, OK. Think of that, for dairy products, and we charge them like peanuts. You know why? Because we've been improperly run for so many years. I had that all settled in my first term. But then of course Biden, you know, he let everything go to hell.

Donald Trump: One of the things we did is we took from China hundreds of billions of dollars, and I have great respect for President Xi, but he understood that. He understood it was a one-way street, and you can't have a one-way street, OK. One more question.

Question: Mr. President, [crosstalk] of the Irish you might target your next travel ban?

Donald Trump: Say it.

Question: Can you say which countries you might target in your next travel ban?

Donald Trump: Wouldn't that be a stupid thing for me to say? [Crosstalk]. He said which countries am I going to target for the next travel ban. Can you believe somebody would ask that question?

Question: As part of the -- [Crosstalk] what tariff specifically are you going to put on Ireland?

Donald Trump: Well, we're going to talk -- we're going to be talking really to the European Union. You know, I will tell you this one little -- we'll end it with this. So, I have a property, a big property in Ireland that you know well, it's one of the most highly rated hotels in all of Europe. It's beautiful, Doonbeg.

Donald Trump: It's beautiful, 600 acres on the ocean and everybody knows it and we have a beautiful hotel. And I was going to do a project there, a big expansion of the place. This was when I was a civilian, before the presidency, before I even thought about the presidency. But I was going to do a really beautiful expansion of the -- because it does very well.

Donald Trump: And I got the approvals from Ireland so quickly. They were so professional, they wanted it. You know, it's economic development, it's jobs, it's construction jobs, it's a big expansion, beautiful expansion. But I was told something that bothered me. They said, sir, you also have to get approved by the European Union.

Donald Trump: I said why do I have to go to the European Union to expand a hotel that's in Ireland? They said, well, that's the way it is. I say, well, shouldn't that go fast? They said no, it'll take at least seven years.

Donald Trump: You gave me the approval in about four weeks. It was a beautiful professional -- if you took four years, you wouldn't have done a better job. You know, everything was done environmentally, everything. There's no reason to take very long. I had everything from Ireland in four weeks and then I hired somebody, he said the process will be from five to seven years and I said, oh, really?

Donald Trump: And then I found out that they weren't playing games. Now, think about how bad that is for -- for your country. So that was my first experience with the European Union. And I dropped the project, I just said I'm not going to do that. I'm not going to go seven years to expand something. But I have to -- I'll hand it to Ireland, you were so professional, so good.

Donald Trump: But I don't know why European Union had to approve it and with them, it was -- it was deal -- and that's -- that's the European Union. So it was -- it was a very bad experience I had.

Micheál Martin: I'll just say, President, you have the distinction of being, I think, the only president that has physically invested in Ireland.

Donald Trump: That's -- well, that's good.

Micheál Martin: Through your -- through your Dune Bay [sp].

Donald Trump: And it's been a good investment.

Micheál Martin: And it's -- I mean, for anybody, you should go there, it's just stunning.

Donald Trump: I love this.

Micheál Martin: No, I mean, seriously, even if you don't play golf, I mean, it is a stunning landscape.

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Micheál Martin: Your people, your people have restored it very well and our people are going to continue to work with you on that piece to do it all sort of effectively and so on like that. We're going to continue to do that --

Donald Trump: -- They've had a great -- they've had a great relationship --

Micheál Martin: -- But it is -- and the local people, my local councilor, Rita McInerney, texted me last week to say and tell President Trump to thank his family for the way they've worked with the local community and for the work that they've done.

Question: [Inaudible] -- -- [Inaudible] -- -- Rory McIlroy [Inaudible] -- -- Visit to America, Mr. President --

Donald Trump: -- I love Rory. I think Rory is great. He's a great golfer. He just won two weeks ago. He's a great guy. I played golf with him three weeks ago and he's really a fantastic player. He's in good form, too. When he played with me, he played very well. I can tell you. I -- no, Rory -- Rory certainly is one of the favorites.

Donald Trump: He's always going to be one of the -- he's a very talented guy. He's a very good person, too.

Question: Are you planning to visit the Doonbeg, Mr. President?

Donald Trump: I will. I'll get there sometime. I hope -- I hope soon. In fact, if we meet, we'll meet at Doonbeg. I would love it, but I hope to be able to get there.

Question: Mr. President does America have a future in NATO?

Donald Trump: What's that?

Question: Does America have a future in NATO?

Donald Trump: Well, NATO has to treat us fairly. If they pay their bills and if they do what they're supposed to do -- when I first got involved with NATO, as you know, they weren't paying their bills. There were 28 countries and most of them weren't paying and I got them to pay and they paid billions and billions of dollars.

Donald Trump: I made a certain statement that I'm not going to be involved with NATO unless you're going to pay your bills. And I was asked the question, if we don't pay, are you going to help us? I said, no. If you don't pay, you're saying you're delinquent, a term -- a real estate term. You're delinquent. You're not paying your rent.

Donald Trump: You're not paying your bills. If you're not paying your bills, I'm not going to help. Everybody -- we took in -- your secretary general will tell you. He was very generous to me. He said I've never seen anything like it. Money came in by the billions and billions and billions of dollars and NATO became much stronger.

Donald Trump: Now, NATO has expended a lot of that money in fighting this horrible war and it's too bad they had to do that, but they had the money from me. I was the one that got people to pay. The countries -- most of the countries were not paying or they were paying a very small amount. So we'll see. But NATO can be a force for the good, absolutely.

Question: Would you like to see Ireland join NATO, Mr. President?

Donald Trump: That's up to Ireland.

Question: Do you think Ireland and the EU are to close? Do you think that perhaps, like you said --

Donald Trump: -- We are very close.

Question: No Ireland in the EU. Do you think there's too close relationships there? Do you think there needs to be a separation? Like you said, if you can't get planning permission when you get it in Ireland, but you can't get it through the EU, do you think --

Donald Trump: -- Well, look, I can just tell you about my personal experience, that Ireland treated me very well and the EU was terrible and they stopped really a magnificent addition. It wasn't a big deal from the standpoint of the world. It wasn't like the things we're talking about now. But it would have been a very beautiful addition.

Donald Trump: And they stopped it, which is bad for Ireland and I don't know why. I don't know why it would take five to seven years to get something approved, but that's what it was. Thank you all, very much.

Question: Mr. President --

Donald Trump: -- Thank you.

Aide: Thank you, Press.

Donald Trump: Thank you.

Aide: We're headed out. Thank you. Headed out right behind you right behind you. Right through this door. Thanks, guys. This way. This way.

Question: Thank you, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Thank you. Thank you.

Question: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: I should have.