Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-bilat-volodymr-zelenskyy-ukraine-august-18-2025

Donald Trump: Well, thank you very much. It's an honor to have the President of Ukraine with us. We've had a lot of good discussions. We've had a lot of good talks and I think progress is being made, very -- very substantial progress in many ways. We had a good meeting, as you know, just a short while ago with the President of Russia.

Donald Trump: And I think there's a possibility that something could come out of it, and today's meeting is very important. We have, I guess the seven -- seven very powerful leaders from Europe and we're going to be meeting with them right after this meeting. And thank you very much for being here.

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: Thank you so much, Mr. President. If I can --

Donald Trump: Please.

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: First of all, thank you for the invitation and thank you very much for your efforts, personal efforts to stop killings and stop this war. Thank you. And using this opportunity, many thanks to your wife, first lady of the United States. She sent a letter to Putin about our children, abducted children. And my wife, first lady of Ukraine, she gave the letter --

Donald Trump: That's very nice.

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: It's not to you, to your wife.

Donald Trump: I want it.

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: Yeah. Yeah, yeah, so it's a sensitive topic. Yes, please. And thanks to all our partners and that you supported this format. After our meeting, we're going to have leaders who are around us, UK and France, Germany, Italy, Finland, EU, NATO, I mean all, all partners around Ukraine supporting us. Thanks to them, and thank you very much for the invitation.

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: Thank you.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much for being here.

Question: President Trump? Do you think it's fair to --

Donald Trump: Yes, Peter, go ahead.

Question: Thank you, President Trump. So President Zelenskyy, you say in a post on X today, Russia must end this war, which it itself started. President Trump, you say, President Zelenskyy of Ukraine can end the war with Russia almost immediately if he wants to. Which is it?

Donald Trump: Yeah, I think that's true. I think they'll -- we're going to have a meeting. I think if everything works out well today, we'll have a trilat and I think there will be a reasonable chance of ending the war when we do that.

Question: Is this the end of the road for American support for Ukraine? Is today's meeting deal or no deal?

Donald Trump: I can never say that. It's never the end of the road people are being killed and we want to stop that. So I would not say it's the end of the road. No, I think we have a good chance of doing it. It's been almost four years now, that -- a lot of people were killed last week. A lot of people last week, I mean millions of people killed.

Donald Trump: But a lot of people last week for whatever reason, a big number, a lot of soldiers, both on both sides. And I know the president, I know myself and I believe Vladimir Putin wants to see it ended.

Question: And you met with Putin on Friday. Today, you got President Zelenskyy here. As you listen to Russia and Ukraine, which side has the better cards right now?

Donald Trump: Well, I don't want to say that. I'm just going to -- I'm just here to be -- look, this isn't my war. This is Joe Biden's war. He's the one that had a lot to do with this happening and we want to get it ended and we want it to end good for everybody. We want it to end good -- the people of Ukraine have suffered incredibly, incredibly.

Question: President Zelenskyy -- President Zelenskyy, are you prepared to keep sending Ukrainian troops to their deaths for another couple of years or are you going to agree to redraw the maps?

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: Thank you for your question. So first of all, you know we live under each day attacks. You know that there have been a lot of attacks and a lot of wounded people and the child was that small, one year and a half. So we need to stop this war to stop Russia and we need support, American and European partners, and we will do our best for this.

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: So -- and I think we show that we are strong people and we supported the idea of the United States, personally of President Trump, to stop this war to make a diplomatic way of finishing this war. And we are ready for trilateral, as president said. This is a good signal about trade. I think this is very good.

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: Thank you.

Question: Mr. President? Thank you -- thank you, Mr. President. Special Envoy Steve Witkoff -- yes, if the peace deal will be achieved, are you going to be willing to send American peacekeepers to Ukraine?

Donald Trump: Well, we're going to work with Ukraine, we're going to work with everybody and we're going to make sure that if there's peace, the peace is going to stay long term. This is very long term. We're not talking about a two-year peace and then we end up in this mess again. We're going to make sure that everything's good.

Donald Trump: We'll work with Russia, we're going to work with Ukraine and we're going to make sure it works. And I think if we can get to peace, it's going to work. I have no doubt about it.

Question: Your team has talked about --

Donald Trump: Please, go ahead.

Question: Your team has talked about security guarantees, could that involve US troops? Would you rule that out in the future?

Donald Trump: We'll let you know that maybe later today. We're meeting with seven great leaders of great countries also, and we'll be talking about that. They'll all be involved. But there'll be a lot of -- there'll be a lot of help. When it comes to security, there's going to be a lot of help. It's going to be good. They are first line of defense because they're there.

Donald Trump: They're Europe, but we're going to help them out also. We'll be involved. Yes.

Question: [Inaudible] president. Vladimir Putin mentioned that the war will not end without addressing the root causes of this war. Have you had an understanding what are the root causes of this war?

Donald Trump: Well, look, the war is going to end. When it ends, I can't tell you, but the war is going to end. And this gentleman wants it to end and Vladimir Putin wants it to end. I think the whole world is tired of it and we're going to get it ended. It was -- I've done six wars. I've ended six wars and I thought this maybe would be the easiest one.

Donald Trump: And it's not the easiest one. It's a tough one. A lot of reasons for it, and they'll be talking about it for a long time. But they'll be talking about the others. Look, India, Pakistan, we're talking about big places. When you look at -- you just take a look at some of these wars. You go to Africa and take a look at that, Rwanda and the Congo, Republic of the Condo -- Congo, that's been going on for 31 years.

Donald Trump: And so we've done a total of six and we really have six not including the fact that we obliterated, and it turned out to be a total obliteration, the nuclear in -- as you said, the nuclear -- the future nuclear capability of Iran. And this one, I think we're going to get solved also. I think -- I feel confident we're going to get it solved.

Question: [Inaudible] guarantees, sir, special envoy put forward --

Donald Trump: Please.

Question: Thank you, Mr. President. Can you tell us about your conversations with European leaders and what they need to see to support an end to the war?

Donald Trump: Yeah, well, we're going to be meeting with a great representative group and seven very powerful, very big countries and great people, all friends of mine and friends of yours. And we're going to have some suggestions made -- they want to see peace they would like to see peace. Go ahead, please, in the red.

Donald Trump: In the red.

Question: President Trump, do you think it's fair for Ukraine and for Russia to achieve a lasting and durable peace? If Ukraine ceded its territories that Russia hasn't yet conquered, do you think it's a fair peace for Ukraine?

Donald Trump: We're going to have a lasting peace. Just to answer the first part of your question, we're going to have a lasting peace. I hope it's going to be immediately. I hope it doesn't have to go on and I think people, the whole world is going to be very happy when that's announced. Yeah, please.

Question: Mr. President, you posted on social media, Mr. President, a very touching letter from the first lady and the letter was hand-delivered to President Putin and it calls for an end to the war essentially, because of the children and the children's future. Why did the first lady feel that letter was necessary?

Question: Was it because she believes that Mr. Putin is the aggressor in the war? Is a similar letter being hand-delivered to President Zelenskyy?

Donald Trump: So the first lady felt very strongly. She has watched the same thing that you watch and that I watch. I see things that you don't get to see, and it's horrible, but when -- she's got a great love of children. She has a wonderful son that she loves probably more than anybody, including me. I hate to say it, but she loves her son.

Donald Trump: She loves children. And she hates to see -- she hates to see something like this happening. And that goes for other wars, too. I mean, she sees the heartbreak, the parents, the funerals that you see on television, always funerals. We want to see something other than funerals. No, she felt -- it was a beautiful letter.

Donald Trump: He -- it was very well received by him and she did ask me to say, you know, she would love to see this end. She would love to see it end. And she says it very openly, very proudly and with great sorrow because so many people have been killed.

Question: Mr. President, last week -- last week --

Donald Trump: Brian. Go ahead, Brian.

Question: Yes, sir, I've got a question for each of you.

Donald Trump: Yes.

Question: First of all, President Zelenskyy, you look fabulous in that suit.

Donald Trump: I said the same thing.

Question: You look good.

Donald Trump: I said the same thing.

Question: Yeah.

Donald Trump: Isn't that nice? That's the one that attacked you last time. See, now he's --

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: I remember that.

Question: [Inaudible] no, my first question for you, President Zelenskyy -- but you are in the same suit.

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: I changed. You have not.

Question: Maybe yours is much better than mine.

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: [Inaudible]

Question: Real quickly, upon peace, God willing we get peace, are you open to holding an election in your country?

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: Yes, of course. We are open for election, yes. We have to do safety circumstances and a little bit -- we need to work in the Parliament because during the war you can't have elections, but we can do security. We need, maybe -- how to say. We need a truth, yes, everywhere in the battlefield, in the sky and the sea.

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: Yeah, to make it possible for people to do democratic, open, legal, legal elections.

Donald Trump: So you say during --

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: During the war, you can't have elections. So let me just say, three and a half years from now, so you mean if we happen to be in a war with somebody, no more elections. Oh, that's good. I wonder what the fake news is going to say.

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: You like this idea. No, no, no.

Question: Speaking of news, I got a question for you. This sounds insane for me even to ask this, but do you think the American media really doesn't even want a peace deal? Because I've seen, they've been so critical of you every step of the way as you lead the charge for peace.

Donald Trump: It's an amazing -- it's an amazing phenomenon. I said that if in the settlement you got Moscow, Saint Petersburg and thousands of miles around them, they would say I made a bad deal. The level of hatred and animosity is incredible, not with all. I mean, we have great people up here. We also have terrible people up there that I think are told what to say.

Donald Trump: But you know, in solving all of these wars, they don't even write about it. You know, I solved major wars. I solved wars that have been going on for 31, 35 and 37 and a couple of quicker ones, one that was going to go into a full-blown deal very quickly. You know the one I'm talking about. It was a big one, but they don't even write about that.

Donald Trump: No matter what I do, no matter what, and you know, this is not anything to do with you. It's probably to your advantage in a certain way. But no matter what I do, no matter what deal I make, from my standpoint, you'll come out good. Maybe President Putin will come out good, but they'll say, Trump was absolutely horrible.

Donald Trump: It's just that -- and I've lived with that for a long time. I've lived with it since just before the first election. I used to get great publicity. Now I get the worst publicity anyone's ever gotten in office, but I won in a landslide. So the people understand. They're the only ones that count, ultimately, but I've also had great reporters.

Donald Trump: I've had journalists that are very good. But it's very sad, when you do the right thing -- as an example, they said because of the fact that Vladimir Putin came to American soil, this was a tremendous defeat for Donald Trump. No, it was really wonderful that he did it. It was a hard thing for him to do, to be honest with you.

Donald Trump: It was the opposite of what they said, but they said it. Now if he didn't come, they'd say that was also bad for Trump. There's no way -- and there's just a great dishonesty of the press, and I think that's why it's lost its credibility. You know, its credibility is at an all-time low. We have a thing going on right now in DC. We went from the most unsafe place anywhere, to a place that now people -- friends are calling me up, Democrats are calling me up and they're saying, sir, I want to thank you.

Donald Trump: My wife and I went out to dinner last night for the first time in four years and Washington, DC is safe and you did that in four days. I'll tell you, it's safe. I had another friend of mine. He has a son who's a great golfer. He's on tour, and he came in fourth yesterday in the big tournament where Scottie Scheffler made the great shot.

Donald Trump: And he said his son is going to dinner in Washington, DC tonight. I said, would you have allowed that to happen a year ago? He said, no way, no way. He said, what you've done is incredible. And I think the people realize it. But the press says he's a dictator he's trying to take over. No, all I want is security for our people.

Donald Trump: But people that haven't gone out to dinner in Washington, DC in two years are going out to dinner and the restaurants the last two days were busier than they've been in a long time. Thank you for the question.

Question: Sir, I walked around yesterday with MTG. If you can walk around DC with MTG and not be attacked, the city is safe.

Donald Trump: Yes. Go ahead.

Question: Thank you. Mr. President. Last week, you warned of what you called severe consequences if a 30-day ceasefire or any type of ceasefire were not agreed to by Russia. Will there be severe consequences? Does that change because of [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: I don't think you need a ceasefire. You know, if you look at the six deals that I settled this year, they were all at war. I didn't do any ceasefires. And I know that it might be good to have, but I can also understand strategically why one country or the other wouldn't want it. You have a ceasefire and they rebuild and rebuild and rebuild, and you know, maybe they don't want that.

Donald Trump: But if you look at the six deals that we made, peace and you know, long term, long running wars, I didn't do any ceasefires. Would I like -- I like the concept -- you know, I like the concept of a ceasefire for one reason, because you'd stop killing people immediately as opposed to in two weeks or one week or whatever it takes.

Donald Trump: But we can work a deal where we're working on a peace deal while they're fighting. They have to fight. I wish they could stop, I'd like them to stop. But strategically, that could be a disadvantage for one side or the other. But all of these deals I made without even the mention of the words ceasefire.

Question: [Inaudible] can you explain the decision to offer Ukraine Article 5-like security guarantees but stopped short of pushing for their full membership to NATO?

Donald Trump: Yeah, well, we haven't done anything on that yet. If you look back and you go back long before President Putin, it was always a statement that they would never allow Ukraine into NATO. So that was a statement that was made, but we haven't discussed any of that yet. We're going to be discussing it today, but we will give them very good protection, very good security.

Donald Trump: That's part of it. And the people that are waiting for us, they are -- I think they're very like-minded. They want to -- they want to help out also.

Question: Thank you. Thank you. Thank you, President Trump. The United States -- the United States has already given hundreds of billions of dollars to this war effort in Ukraine --

Donald Trump: Biden.

Question: At best it is a stalemate and the killing continues. So President Trump, how much more is the United States willing to give Ukraine? And President Zelenskyy, how much more do you want?

Donald Trump: Well, I'll start off just by saying we're not giving anything now. We're selling weapons. This is something before -- I guess the number is well over $300 billion. That was under Joe Biden, a corrupt politician, not a smart man, never was. By the way, go back 40 years. He was not a smart man 40 years ago either.

Donald Trump: But now he's in particular bad. This was done by a corrupt administration that shouldn't have been in. And of the -- and frankly, if the right results of the election were given, if I were president, this war would have never taken place and he would have been very happy, because he would have liked to have seen -- I mean, they went through hell.

Donald Trump: He went through hell. This war would have never happened and the people that were killed, a couple of million people, a lot of people, soldiers and everything else and the people that have been displaced and forced into other areas and other countries because of what's happened, none of that would have happened.

Donald Trump: And I'm just saying that he was a horrible president, whether it was the borders or this, he was just a horrible, corrupt president. You want to answer?

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: I can. Thank you so much. So first of all, we have a possibility now to buy weapons from the United States. We are thankful for this program and this opportunity. We are thankful for Europe, they pay for this, and through NATO program, for example [Inaudible] and etcetera. We have some programs where we can have some money to finance this.

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: And this is a part, I think, it's not a part for the war and to defend us. It also will be a part for security guarantees, to strengthen our army, to rearm Ukrainian army. This is very, very important and it depends how much money we need to rearm. For example, the question of air defense, we spoke about it with President Trump and I'm happy that we have now Bilateral decisions and we work on it with production, American production.

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: Nobody in Europe has so many air defense like Patriots, for example. We need it very much and this is also about defending.

Donald Trump: And I think, you know, I think the good news, we make the best military equipment in the world, by far. You mentioned the Patriots, how good are they?

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: Yeah, systems [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: We have systems, they're literally 100 percent foolproof and it's really like shooting two bullets, you know, two bullets hitting each other in the air. In a space like this, the chances, 100 percent, it's 99 to 100 percent. So we sell the equipment to NATO and NATO does what -- I don't know what the arrangement is that you have with -- but I know that they want you to have the equipment.

Donald Trump: And we're getting the best equipment in the world, but they pay us for the equipment. Under Biden, it was just crazy what was going on. I believe the number is over $300 billion. I think it could be $350 billion worth of equipment and money and everything else. And we've made more progress in settling this war in the last two months than they made in four years.

Donald Trump: This should have been settled a long time ago, but it should have never happened. Yeah, please.

Question: [Inaudible] you pushed out on social media --

Donald Trump: Brian, go -- go first.

Question: You pushed out on social media about doing away with mail in ballots and potentially electronic voting machines. Can you expand on that and how --

Donald Trump: Well, I will. That's a very off topic just really quickly. Mail in ballots are corrupt. Mail in ballots, you can never have a real democracy with mail in ballots. And we, as a Republican party, are going to do everything possible that we get rid of mail in ballots. We're going to start with an executive order that's being written right now by the best lawyers in the country, to end mail in ballots because they're corrupt.

Donald Trump: And you know that we're the only country in the world -- I believe, I may be wrong, but just about the only country in the world that uses it because of what's happened, massive fraud all over the place. The other thing we want to change are the machines. For all of the money they spend, it's approximately 10 times more expensive than paper ballots and paper ballots are very sophisticated with the watermark paper and everything else.

Donald Trump: We would get secure elections, we'd get much faster results than machines. I mean, they say we're going to have the results in two weeks. With paper ballots, you have the results that night. Most people -- almost everybody, but most people, many countries use paper ballots. It's the most secure form. So between paper ballots, very -- very important, paper ballots.

Donald Trump: And I think maybe even more important, the mail in voting. We're going to end mail in voting. It's a fraud. If you have mail in voting -- even Jimmy Carter with this commission, they set it up. He said the one thing about mail in voting, you will never have an honest election if you have mail in it and it's time that the Republicans get tough and stop it because the Democrats want it. Tt's the only way they can get elected.

Donald Trump: Because with men in women sports and with transgender for everybody and open borders and all of the horrible things -- and now the new thing is they love crime. They're fighting me on the fact that I made Washington, DC safe, where you're not going to get mugged beaten up or killed like all the people you've been watching get so badly hurt.

Donald Trump: I'm glad -- I hate to take your time on this, but I'm glad you asked me that question. We're going to stop mail in ballots because it's corrupt. You know, when you go to a voting booth and you do it the right way and you go to a state that runs it properly, you go in, they even ask me, they asked me for my license plate for identify -- I said, I don't know if I have it. They said, sir, you have to have it. I was very impressed, actually, but it's very hard to cheat.

Donald Trump: With mail in voting, as you know what happens in California, it's so corrupt where some people get five, six, seven ballots delivered to them. Now we got to stop mail in voting and the Republicans have to lead the charge. The Democrats want it because they have horrible policy. If you have mail in voting, you're not going to have many Democrats get elected.

Donald Trump: That's bigger than anything having to do with redistricting, believe me, and the Republicans have to get smart. We're not going to have a country. I said for a long time at rallies everywhere, you need borders and you need free and fair elections, those two things. Otherwise you don't have -- we have strong borders now.

Donald Trump: In 90 days, Mr. President, we didn't have one, zero, zero, in three months. Not one person came in illegally into our country. In fact, even I find that hard to believe, but it's run by a little bit of a liberal group that put out the numbers. So I guess it's -- but zero, zero and zero. You go back a year ago, two years ago, three, millions of people poured into our country.

Donald Trump: It was terrible. Thank you very much.

Question: President Zelenskyy, what guarantees do you need for President Trump to be able to make a deal? Is it American troops, intelligence, equipment? What is it?

Volodymyr Zelenskyy: Everything. Really, we -- it includes two parts, first strong Ukrainian army, that's what I began to discuss with your colleagues and it's a lot about weapon and then people and training missions and intelligence. And second, we will discuss with our partners. It depends on the big countries, on the United States, on a lot of our friends.

Question: And Mr. President, you [Inaudible] American troops to that NATO-like protection in order to get President Zelenskyy to a deal today?

Donald Trump: Well, I don't know if you define it that way, but NATO-like, I mean, we are going to give -- we have people waiting in another room right now. They're all here from Europe, biggest people in Europe and they want to give protection. They feel very strongly about it and we'll help him out with that. I think it's very important.

Donald Trump: I think it's -- I think it's very important to get the deal done. Please, go ahead.

Question: You've been involved to the peace keeping in Ukraine since your first day in this administration. What would you say to the Ukrainian people right now who are suffering under the Russian attacks and hoping that the American people will stand with them?

Donald Trump: Well, I know Ukrainian people. I've known many over the years. They're great people, they're smart, they're energetic. They love their country. They love their country and we want to get this war ended. That's all I can do. I love the Ukrainian people, but I love all people. I love the Russian people. I love them all.

Donald Trump: I want to get the war stopped, very important.

Question: Mr. President, was there any aspect of your discussion with Vladimir Putin that left you disappointed?

Donald Trump: Look, we just spoke to -- I was just telling the president, I just spoke to President Putin indirectly, and we're going to have a phone call right after these meetings today. And we may or may not have a trilat. If we don't have a trilat, then the fighting continues. And if we do, we have a good chance -- I think if we have a trilat, there's a good chance of maybe ending it, but he's -- he's expecting my call when we're finished with this meeting.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much, everybody.

Aide: Press. Let's go. Let's go. Everybody head out.

Donald Trump: Thank you. Thank you.