Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-nfl-league-draft-2027-washington-dc-may-5-2025

Donald Trump: Hello everybody. [Audio gap] very important announcement. Very, very amazing, I think, for D.C., but even for the country, because it's, to me, a very big deal. I'd like to thank NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell, Washington Commanders owner Josh Harris and Washington D.C. Mayor Muriel Bowser, Secretary Scott Turner, Secretary Doug Burgum.

Donald Trump: And I see Howard Lutnick is here too, Commerce and some others that if I could see past the press, I'd name you, but I can't. I'm pleased to reveal that the 2027 NFL draft, that's a big thing, will be held right here in our nation's capital, Washington D.C., on the National Mall. And you get a little glimpse of it. I was just saying to Roger, I don't think there's ever been anything like that.

Donald Trump: That's a good idea. In fact, maybe we could use it for other things also. I have an idea. It's going to be beautiful. It's going to be something that nobody else will ever be able to duplicate that, I don't suspect. It's very exciting. Every year, hundreds of young football players have their dreams come true as the NFL teams across the land, and you just saw that last week, select the best young players in America to join their ranks.

Donald Trump: Hundreds of thousands of football fans will travel all across our country to cheer them on in person. We expect, would you say, more than 100,000 people, I think? What is the capacity would you think it can hold, because the mall can actually hold up to a million people if you go all the way back, what do you think?

Roger Goodell: Over three days, we'll be over a million, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: Oh, yeah, you're going to be -- you're going to have -- [Audio Gap] -- local businesses and bringing jobs and tourism to the heart of our capital. The draft is a celebration of one of our country's most cherished cultural institutions and the annual highlights for football fans everywhere. Everyone in the world is going to be watching.

Donald Trump: We look forward to welcoming people from across the nation, from all over the world. Last month, the Washington commanders and the D.C. government also announced a major deal to build a brand new 65,000 seat football arena at the site of the RFK Stadium in eastern Capitol Hill. And I don't think there is a better site anywhere in the world than that site.

Josh Harris: Incredibly exciting.

Donald Trump: He's a friend of mine. He's a very successful guy. There's a reason for it. It's amazing. It sat there for years and people were talking about stadiums and 25 different sites. I said, they're not talking about the best site. That's the best site there is, bringing professional football back into the district from Maryland.

Donald Trump: And not only are these announcements great for the NFL, but they also advance the mission of making Washington D.C. safe and clean and beautiful. And we're working very closely with the mayor, as you know. And we've made a lot of improvements in the last few months, and it's getting to look really strong.

Donald Trump: Crime is way down, and there's a good relationship we have going with Muriel. So I want to thank you very much. And would you like to say a few words?

Muriel Bowser: Thank you, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: The mayor, please.

Muriel Bowser: Thank you. Thank you. Well -- sorry. Well, greetings. I'm Muriel Bowser. I'm the mayor of the best city in the world and also the sports capital. And we are delighted to be here with the Washington Commanders, the NFL and the president, to talk about this very exciting announcement for Washington D.C. We believe in investing in sports because they have helped us transform neighborhoods and the NFL bringing this event to the nation's capital will help us fill hotel rooms, our restaurants, and Americans from all 50 states will come to their nation's capital and enjoy our beautiful city and museum.

Muriel Bowser: So we're just delighted to be here and we want to thank everybody for all the hard work to get here.

Donald Trump: Thanks, mayor.

Muriel Bowser: Thank you.

Donald Trump: Roger, please.

Roger Goodell: Thank you. Well, Mr. President, thank you. We're honored to be here in the Oval Office and to have you announce the 2027 NFL draft is a special treat, so thank you for your support.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.

Roger Goodell: Also, thank you for your support in the commander's new stadium. We agree it's going to be a great site. We think it's going to be great for our fans here and it's great to come back home, and so we're very excited about that. Josh is leading the way on our behalf and the mayor, so we thank both of them for that.

Roger Goodell: We also want to thank you because in the first term, you helped us get a Canadian trade deal, which we --

Donald Trump: I did.

Roger Goodell: We want to make sure we note again and make sure you know --

Donald Trump: Canada does not like me too much. They gave a great American company, a lot of money that you deserved, frankly.

Roger Goodell: Well, thank you. The draft has really become one of the great entertainment and sports events. Just a week ago in Green Bay, we had over 600,000 people attend. The year before, in Detroit, we had close to 800,000. As the president remarked, we believe it will be well over a million when we come here to D.C. in 2027. So we not only believe it's a great site, we believe it's consistent with what the president said, which is investing in our communities, investing specifically here in the nation's capital, one that I grew up here, in Washington D.C. And it's particularly important.

Roger Goodell: We think we can have a tremendous impact on this community. And it will not just be an event. It will be something that will show the world how far the nation's capital has come and where it's going. So we're very excited about that. And we thank everybody here. We thank you for your support. We know it's going to be a great event.

Roger Goodell: And Mr. President, we thank you again.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.

Roger Goodell: You're welcome.

Donald Trump: Good luck with it.

Roger Goodell: Yes, thank you.

Josh Harris: Mr. President, thank you very much. We wouldn't be here without you. Thank you for your leadership in terms of the stadium. And now, what a great day for Washington, I mean, to host the NFL draft in 2027 on the mall. I believe we'll get over a million people and it's going to be an amazing day and it'll showcase what Washington is all about, but it will also showcase what our country is all about.

Josh Harris: Washington is the gateway city to our country and it'll be an amazing day and we can't wait to get started. And I couldn't have done it without my partners, Roger Goodell, thank you, and Mayor Muriel Bowser. And we're ready to get to work. And I can't imagine RFK coming back. I grew up here. D.C. used to stop on Sundays, and everyone would be inside watching football or everyone would be at the stadium, and so we want to bring that back.

Josh Harris: And football really is as essential to the culture of America. We all love it, we all watch it, and it brings people together. And so, what a great way to celebrate the United States of America, the NFL and the Washington Commanders. And President Trump, we leave on your desk a Trump jersey. You are the ultimate commander.

Josh Harris: So, it is a commander's jersey. There's no bird on it. But do -- we appreciate you and thank you for everything you've done and look forward to the future.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much.

Josh Harris: Thank you.

Donald Trump: And I have to say that uh, Josh had a very good draft a short while ago. You have a very good quarterback -- great quarterback, I think, great. Any questions, please, about the stadium or any of it? Yeah, please. Yes. Thank you very much.

Question: Thank you so much. About the draft, and I would like to -- an event that it was already mentioned here, the World Cup. Although United States, the passion here is football; for the World Cup next year, how do you envision, Mr. President, this event here in The United States?

Donald Trump: Well, it will be fantastic. I worked very hard to get the World Cup. It was -- in fact, I think I have the trophy right here, right behind you. Don't have a picture taken with Roger and that trophy, by the way. But no, they brought it in -- Johnny, who's a good guy, but he brought that in. That's the actual trophy.

Donald Trump: It's interesting that you asked that. And it's made at Tiffany's and they're leaving it here until just before the actual World Cup, then it goes to the champion. But that's very exciting. We have the Olympics, so we have both of them. I worked very hard on getting both. And I said, you know, I'm not going to be able to be there as president.

Donald Trump: And then a strange thing happened, and it turned out, I became president not for the term that I was supposed to be. I became president, well, we have the Olympics and the World Cup. And we have something that maybe surpasses everything, the 250th anniversary of our country. So, that's going to be great.

Donald Trump: That's going to be a very big event, a year-long event. So, thank you for your question. Very nice question. Yeah, please.

Question: So, you've often said you want US to be bigger, better and stronger. Currently, Russia is the biggest country in the world by landmass, followed by Canada and then China. So, when you say that you want to annex Canada, is it so that it would be the biggest country?

Donald Trump: No, I never even thought of it that way. Although I am a real estate developer at heart, [Laughter] I've never heard that question. Yeah, please go ahead.

Question: Mr. President, will you have to hire more security and police in order to accommodate the million people coming in for the NFL draft?

Donald Trump: I think that there will be something, and I know Roger will work it out and Josh and all of us will work it out. It's such an honor to have that. I think it will be great for everybody, great for our country. It'll be something very special. There's no scene like it. There's no sight like it. I do -- my whole life was based on sites, locations.

Donald Trump: And as soon as I looked at that rendering, it's going to be beautiful. It's going to really be beautiful. You know, interestingly, I didn't know exactly where it sat relative to the Capital. But the stadium, if you go back, is right behind the Capital -- miles behind, but nevertheless visually right behind it. So, it's going to be an architect's dream, whoever the architect is chosen, and the owner, it's going to be something special.

Donald Trump: I think it's going to be great for the area. It's going to be -- it will be top of the line. I know these people very well and they only know about top of the line. And I would say that more will be put into the stadium than would be put into an identical stadium of a similar size. I think they're going to do a special -- because of the importance of the location, I have no doubt they'll do a special job.

Donald Trump: Yeah, please.

Question: Can you explain a little bit about how you would implement tariffs on the film industry, kind of how that would work?

Donald Trump: Well, that's a different story, but our film industry has been decimated by other countries, taking them out. And also by incompetence like in Los Angeles, the governor is a grossly incompetent man. He's just allowed it to be taken away from Hollywood. Hollywood doesn't do very much of that business. They have the nice sign and everything's good, but they don't do very much.

Donald Trump: A lot of it's been taken to other countries and a big proportion. And I'm actually going to meet with some because there are some advantages, I guess. And I'm not looking to hurt the industry, I want to help the industry. But they're given financing by other countries, they're given a lot of things. And the industry was decimated.

Donald Trump: If you look at how little is done in this country now. You know, you think we were the ones -- we used to do 100 -- not long ago, 100 percent. Now we do almost, like very little. It's shocking. Are you in that business too, because he's in so many businesses. You could explain it, but it's not a good situation.

Donald Trump: So, we're going to meet with the industry. I want to make sure they're happy with it because we're all about jobs. That's all what I'm -- you know, it's very important. It's a big industry, but it's an industry now that's -- it's really left. It's abandoned the USA where it started, and we'll get it. We'll get it back.

Donald Trump: Yeah, please.

Question: Thank you, Mr. President. First, I just want to thank you for letting us in here. I'm with ZeroHedge and the last administration banned us on social media. So, we're really grateful to be in the White House. And this is not exactly sports related, but I've been dying to ask you this question for a long time, which is that two and a half years ago, the Nord Stream pipeline blew up. And despite what people like John Brennan and all the hawks said, you were one person who said Russia probably did not blow up its own pipeline.

Donald Trump: If you can believe, they said Russia blew it up, yeah.

Question: And so, I'm wondering now that you're president, if you would consider launching a formal investigation into what happened there and who actually did blow it up.

Donald Trump: Well, probably if I asked certain people, I'd be able to tell you without having to waste a lot of money on an investigation. But I think a lot of people know who blew it up. But I was the one that blew it up originally because I wouldn't let it be built. And then when Biden got in, he allowed it to be built.

Donald Trump: And it's very interesting. But I think Russia, with the price of oil right now, oil's gone down, I think we're in a good position to settle. They want to settle, Ukraine wants to settle. If I weren't president nobody would be settling. They're losing 5,000 people a day. Think of it, here we talk about football.

Donald Trump: They're losing 5,000 people on average a week, mostly Russian soldiers and Ukrainian soldiers. 5,000 a week, not including people that are killed as missiles go into areas that they shouldn't be. It's a very terrible thing. And I think we've come a long way and it could be something will happen, but hopefully it will.

Donald Trump: As you know, President Putin has just announced a three-day ceasefire, which doesn't sound like much, but it's a lot if you knew where we started from because they were not -- we had a president that for three years didn't speak to Putin and it all shouldn't have happened. This is a war that should have never happened.

Donald Trump: And you're going to be very disappointed when you find out the real number of people that were killed. It's far greater, many times greater, I believe, but far greater than the numbers that you're putting out. It's a very, very deadly, horrible war. OK. Yes, ma'am.

Question: Thank you, Mr. President. Some Catholics were not so happy about the image of you looking like the Pope. Oh, I see, you mean they can't take a joke. You don't mean the Catholics; you mean the fake news media. Not -- the Catholics loved it.

Note: [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: I had nothing to do with it. Somebody made up a picture of me dressed like the Pope and they put it out on the internet. That's not me that did it. I have no idea where it came from. Maybe it was AI. But I know nothing about it. I just saw it last evening. Actually, my wife thought it was cute. She said isn't that nice?

Donald Trump: Actually, I would not be able to be married though. That would be a lot [Laughter] I'd have -- to the best of my knowledge, popes aren't big on getting married, are they? Not that we know of, no, no. I think it's a fake news media that -- they're fakers.

Question: My question though, sir, was about the fact that it was put out on the White House account. Even though it was AI generated, it was a joke, it was a meme, does it at all diminish the substance of the official White House account to have it go out on that particular channel?

Donald Trump: Give me a break. It was just somebody did it in fun. It's fine, have to have a little fun, don't you? Yeah, please go ahead.

Question: Tell me about the program that's just been introduced to give undocumented immigrants living in the United States --

Donald Trump: About me?

Question: $1,000 to self deport. Can you just tell us a little --

Note: [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: Oh, the new program. We have millions of people that have come into this country illegally through an administration that didn't know what they were doing. They didn't have a clue. And now we find out officially they didn't because the president was incompetent, but I could have told you that before. And they've allowed millions and millions of people to pour in, murderers, drug dealers -- the biggest drug dealers in the world actually, terrorists come in, emptied prisons from many countries, not just South America.

Donald Trump: All over the world they emptied their prisons into our beautiful USA. And to get that many people out -- 21 million people we think the real number is, but let's say 3 million of them are serious criminals, 11,888 murderers, many of whom murdered more than one person. It's hard to believe we have to even talk about this when we're talking about something so beautiful.

Donald Trump: But it's something we have to talk about having to do with the country because it's very important. So, they came in by the millions illegally into our country. They just float in through an open border policy that was insane. And what we've done is we've offered, you know the numbers, but we've -- because we're taking them out by the thousands.

Donald Trump: We're being obstructed. It's very unfair what's happening because the court system is being -- it's very unfair. We have to get them out fast. These are bad people. These are people that are killing and they've already killed many people in this country. Illegal immigrants that came in illegally through an open border policy, which is insane.

Donald Trump: We talk about common sense. That's not common sense. And they came in from the Congo, all over Africa, all over Asia, all over South America, parts of Europe. They flowed in and just walked right into our country. We had no idea who they were, 21 million, at least. That's probably a low number. You know, you hear lower numbers than that, it's not.

Donald Trump: That's a low number. But many are really serious criminals and terrorists and people from jails. They emptied out jails. You know, Venezuela, their crime is down 72 percent because they took all the criminals off the streets and the gangs and they dumped them into our country. So we're getting them out. It's a very difficult thing with the courts because the courts have all of a sudden, out of nowhere, they said, maybe you have to have trials, trials.

Donald Trump: We're going to have five million trials, doesn't work, doesn't work. You wouldn't have a country left, but hopefully the Supreme Court will save it. But what they've done is a very, very serious thing. You know, past presidents took out hundreds of thousands of people when needed. You look at Eisenhower, you look at many of them and they took people out and they didn't go through any of this.

Donald Trump: But what we thought we'd do is a self-deport, where we're going to pay each one a certain amount of money and we're going to get them a beautiful flight back to where they came from and they have a period of time. And if they make it, we're going to work with them so that maybe someday with a little work, they can come back in if they're good people, if they're the kind of people that we want in our company, industrious people that could love our country.

Donald Trump: And if they're not, they won't, but it will give them a path to coming back into the country. If they miss that limit, they're going to be taken out of our country and they will never get a path to come back in and it will be a much tougher process. And it's called self-deportation. And by doing that, you know, you're talking about so many millions of people.

Donald Trump: By doing that we have -- by the way, we've taken out thousands of terrorists, drug lords. What we've done is amazing. And as you know, Tom Homan and Kristi Noem have done an incredible job. They really have done an incredible job, but it's a hard job. So we're going to have a self-deportation where they deport themselves out of our country and we'll work with them and we're going to try and if we think they're good, if they have -- if they're people we want in our country, they're going to come back into our country, we'll give them a little easier route.

Donald Trump: But if they don't work and if we take them out after the date, then they're never coming back and that's the least of the problems that they're going to have. Yeah, please?

Question: What's your expectation for your meeting with the Canadian prime minister tomorrow?

Donald Trump: I don't know. He's coming to see me. I'm not sure what he wants to see me about, but I guess he wants to make a deal, everybody does. They all want to make a deal because we have something that they all want. We have something that they all want. China wants to make a deal very badly. You see what's happening to China?

Donald Trump: China is being decimated and I don't want that to happen, but they have to make a fair deal. We were losing hundreds of billions of dollars a year. We were losing five, think of it, on our trade policies with Biden. We were losing $5 billion a day. I think Josh as a great businessman, would not let that happen too long, right?

Donald Trump: How many groups could lose $5 billion a day?

Josh Harris: [Inaudible] do that.

Donald Trump: If you lose $5 billion in one day, that's the end of that company, right? You're fired. He says, you're fired, get out of here. So we essentially did that and we have it down to a very low number. We're doing really well, really well. Yeah?

Question: How did you decide to reopen Alcatraz? Can you walk us through that decision?

Donald Trump: Did I say what?

Question: To reopen Alcatraz, how will you use it? How did you come up with the idea?

Donald Trump: Well, I guess I was supposed to be a movie maker. We started with the movie making and we'll end. I mean, it represents something very strong, very powerful in terms of law and order. Our country needs law and order. Alcatraz is, I would say the ultimate, right, Alcatraz sing, sing and Alcatraz the movies.

Donald Trump: But it's right now a museum, believe it or not. A lot of people go there. It housed the most violent criminals in the world, and nobody ever escaped. One person almost got there, but they, as you know the story, they found his clothing rather badly ripped up and it was a lot of shark bites, a lot of problems.

Donald Trump: Nobody's ever escaped from Alcatraz and just represented something strong having to do with law and order. We need law and order in this country. And so we're going to look at it. Some of the people up here are going to be working very hard on that. And we had a little conversation. I think it's going to be very interesting.

Donald Trump: We'll see if we can bring it back in large form, add a lot. But I think it represents something. Right now, it's a big Hulk that's sitting there rusting and rotting, very -- you look at it, it's sort of an -- I mean you saw that picture that was put out, it's sort of amazing, but it sort of represents something that's both horrible and beautiful and strong and miserable, weak.

Donald Trump: It's got a lot of qualities that are interesting and I think they make a point. OK. Are you guys OK? I want to just say that it's such an honor to be up here with my friends because this is a group of people that have done an amazing job and all we can do, Muriel and I, is give them the greatest sight there is, I think that I've ever seen for something like this.

Donald Trump: And I did very well in the real estate business. I think this is the greatest site there is anywhere in the world for exactly what you guys are doing and we'll work with you. We've got a lot of work to do to get it going, but we'll work with you and we'll try and make the dream come true. And I want to thank you all very much for being here.

Donald Trump: Thank you. Thank you very much.

Question: [Inaudible] do you support Israel's decision to expand the war in Gaza?

Donald Trump: We're gonna help -- we're going to help the people of Gaza get some food. People are starving and we're going to help them get some food. Uh, a lot of people are making it very, very bad, what you -- if you look, Hamas is making it impossible because they're taking everything that's brought in, but we're going to help the people of Gaza, because they're being treated very badly by Hamas.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much everybody.

Aide: Thanks, everyone.