Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-jd-vance-munich-germany-frank-walter-steinmeier-germany-february-14-2025

JD Vance: I guess we'll restart here. We're already in the middle of a gripping conversation. We'll try to repeat it for the sake of media. So -- so, first of all, I want to thank the president and his staff for making time for us. Obviously, Germany is a great ally of the United States, and we're going to talk a lot about our economic and security cooperation.

JD Vance: I want to, given the attacks yesterday, to offer my condolences from -- from my wife and I. Munich is a beautiful city that we've actually visited before, both on work but also on vacation. So, very sad for what's happened and wish everybody the best to recover and try to care for the victims and their families.

JD Vance: And we'll have, I think, a good conversation about how to move the relationship forward and -- and cooperate on some -- some areas of shared interest. As you all know, uh, one of the things that the president and I really believe is that Europe is, of course, a very important ally for the United States. We also think it's really important to recognize that in the future we think Europe is going to have to take a bigger role in its own security.

JD Vance: And obviously, Germany being the biggest economy in Europe, is going to have a major role to play there, and so I'm sure we'll talk about that, as well. Mr. President, thank you and good to see you.

Frank-Walter Steinmeier: Thank you, first of all, for taking your time. Thanks for your condolences. I'm just returning from the place where the attack was taking place yesterday, and indeed there is a need for an exchange. We are opening a new chapter in our transatlantic in our German-American relations. I experienced now 25 years of these relations between -- intensive relations between Germany and the United States of America.

Frank-Walter Steinmeier: We are deeply connected. I had a short exchange with your president in Paris during the inauguration of Notre Dame, and he was telling me about his deep roots -- roots in Germany.

JD Vance: Sure.

Frank-Walter Steinmeier: Connected to his family history. So, therefore, you are right. We should continue to -- to build our -- our relations, and we should continue to take responsibility in our -- [Audio gap] I'm sure you will present us your ideas and [Inaudible].

JD Vance: Of course. Great, well, thank you, all, and, uh, now we'll hit the private conversation so you guys have to leave, but it's good to see everybody.

Question: Mr. Vice President, will we get a rare earth deal with Ukraine today, sir?

JD Vance: Well, let's see. Take care, guys.

Note: [Crosstalk]

Unidentified: Thank you, guys. Let's go. Let's go, thank you.