Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-executive-orders-white-house-march-7-2025

Donald Trump: Well, thank you very much. We're going to be establishing a task force, a very important task force, White House, and that's on the FIFA World Cup of 2026, which as you know is a big event. It's going to be the biggest event I think, and Gianni, I think you're going to say a few words. Everybody knows this man on the right.

Donald Trump: He's sort of the king of soccer, I guess, in a certain way. And he was the one that was able to give it to us and we're going to do a fantastic job and making you at home. So, I very much appreciate it. First time it's ever been in this part of the world and it's an honor. Thank you very much, Gianni.

Gianni Infantino: Thank you. Thank you, president. Thank you, president. Well, it is a great achievement to bring the World Cup next year, the FIFA World Cup in 2026 here in the United States together with Mexico and Canada. And this summer actually we have a new competition, The FIFA Club World Cup in 2025 from the 14th of June to the 13th of July only in the United States of America. 11 cities, 12 stadiums, the best players in the world, the best teams in the world.

Gianni Infantino: America will welcome the world. There will be millions of people coming, Mr. President, millions of people. The economic impact is U.S.$40 billion between now and next year. We will create 200,000 jobs for these two World Cups. And more than that, we will give joy and happiness to the entire world and this is priceless definitely.

Gianni Infantino: So, thank you, Mr. President, for setting up this task force because it is important that everyone that comes to America feels safe, feels welcome. And that's why it's important that the government puts together this White House task force chaired by the president himself. It shows the importance of the FIFA World Cups, I should say, because there are many, many topics to deal with of course and we want everyone who comes to America and who goes to watch one of these games.

Gianni Infantino: We have 10 million tickets for sale. It's like three Super Bowls every day for one month, that everyone that goes feels safe, feels happy and feels that we are doing something special. So, we are here to create and to make the best show on the planet ever and we'll do it together, Mr. President.

Donald Trump: That's great. I love what he said, like three Super Bowls a day for a month. That's what it is.

Gianni Infantino: That's what it is.

Donald Trump: That's really amazing when you think of it. I've never heard that expressed. That's a lot. You know, when we made this, it was made during my term -- my first term. And it was so sad because I said, can you imagine, I'm not going to be president and that's too bad. And then what happened is they rigged the election, and I became president.

Donald Trump: So, that was a good thing. That was a good thing. That was quite a quite an achievement for both of us. So, I'll be president during the World Cup -- and during the Olympics, which we were very instrumental in getting. And then of course we have our 250th birthday too. And of that I wasn't instrumental; that just happened to fall on the same time.

Donald Trump: So, we have the three -- those three big events, you don't get very much bigger than that, the Olympics, the World Cup and number 250. And it's a great honor, but I appreciate your selecting us and we were selected a long time ago, though, during the term -- during my first term. And it's an honor to be with you, Gianni.

Donald Trump: Been my friend for a long time.

Gianni Infantino: Absolutely. Thank you very much.

Donald Trump: He's a great gentleman. Ok, I'll sign this and that makes it official, right.

Gianni Infantino: That makes it official, yes. Then we have to start working.

Question: Can you talk a little bit about the halftime show that you anticipate for the championship? Will it be like the Super Bowl halftime show or better?

Gianni Infantino: Well, you know, the Super Bowl has around 100 million viewers or 150 million viewers. The World Cup final has 2 billion viewers. So, we have to make it 20 times better and 20 times bigger than the Super Bowl [Laughter].

Donald Trump: I think it will be better. I think I think it will be better.

Question: Any idea of the economic impact of this in all these cities around the country? It's got to be huge.

Gianni Infantino: Yeah, it's huge. It's around $40 billion in only the United States, U.S.$40 billion. The economic impact, 200,000 jobs created. It's -- so per city you can divide by 11 and you know a little bit what each city gets more or less -- some cities get more, others get less. But we'll have 10 million tourists coming, some with tickets, others without tickets who just want to be here during these World Cups.

Donald Trump: What team is favored now if there's such a thing? I mean, do they have a team like so many of these great famous teams, what team seems to be favored?

Gianni Infantino: Well, on the club one, which takes place this year, of course; Real Madrid; Manchester City; Bayern Munich, the Germans; Paris Saint-Germain, the French -- the big ones are always there. And these clubs are multinationals. They have players from all countries.

Donald Trump: They always seem to be there, those great teams.

Gianni Infantino: They are always there. They are always there. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And then next year, Argentina, Brazil, England, Germany, Spain.

Donald Trump: It's going to be great.

Gianni Infantino: It will be Great.

Donald Trump: Any questions for Gianni?

Question: U.S.?

Gianni Infantino: U.S., U.S., U.S. is coming up. U.S. is coming -- watch the U.S., some very, very good players playing in Europe, but we need to bring them back here to play here.

Donald Trump: So, can the U.S. win?

Gianni Infantino: The U.S. can win, yes, with the public behind they play -- no, they play in some of the top teams.

Donald Trump: He knows what to say. He knows.

Gianni Infantino: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, they play in some of the top teams.

Donald Trump: So, there's a shot, right?

Gianni Infantino: Yeah, there is a shot, absolutely, yes.

Donald Trump: That's great. Well, we'll hold that up for you guys. Brian, did you have another question?

Question: I was just going to say this continues your pursuit to bring America back in every aspect, the economy, world peace, sports now, which is awesome. I would appreciate a little bit of the Olympics, I know you talked about that before. Maybe a little.

Donald Trump: I'm just very happy to have done it. I mean, I didn't think this was going to happen. I said I'll be sitting there, but not as president. So, I was very honored. Actually, Gianni reminded me, he called me up very early on and he said you're going to be president during this whole thing after we won. So, it's a great honor for our country to have it actually, it's a big deal.

Donald Trump: It's -- I don't know which is bigger, the Olympics or the World Cup. What is the story on that? Can I ask you that question?

Gianni Infantino: The World Cup is much, much, much bigger than the Olympics, [Laughter] come on. And it's in the whole country, yeah, the Olympics --

Note: [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: We've got them both.

Question: It's a long way off Mr. President, but do you foresee yourself attending some matches or a match?

Donald Trump: Oh, yeah, sure. I would like to -- I'd like to go to certainly more than one. We'll be making the rounds. It's a period of a month, and it's really top of the line. It's one of the great events, maybe one of the great events of anywhere in the world.

Question: Mr. President, since you last spoke about it yesterday, some details have come out about your cabinet meeting with Elon Musk and some clashes potentially between Secretary Rubio and Secretary --

Donald Trump: No clash. I was there. You're just a troublemaker. And you're not supposed to be asking that question because we're talking about the World Cup. Elon gets along great with Marco, and they're both doing a fantastic job. There is no clash.

Question: But, Mr. President, bottom line --

Donald Trump: Who are you with? Who are you with?

Question: NBC.

Donald Trump: Oh, no wonder. That's enough. NBC --

Question: Mr. President, who has more authority, Elon Musk or your cabinet secretaries?

Donald Trump: Any other questions about the World Cup?

Gianni Infantino: Can we unveil the trophy maybe?

Donald Trump: I'd love to do that.

Gianni Infantino: Because this is something special. So, today is 100 days to go for the new competition that we created together, the FIFA Club World Cup, the best clubs in the world with the best players in the world. So, we can show this is a unique trophy. This is the trophy, but it's not finished because it's unlike any other trophy.

Gianni Infantino: There is a key.

Donald Trump: Oh, wow!

Gianni Infantino: There is no other sports trophy like that.

Donald Trump: Well, that is good -- whoa.

Gianni Infantino: Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Donald Trump: Oh, you got to be kidding.

Gianni Infantino: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

Donald Trump: Wow!

Gianni Infantino: Wait, wait, wait.

Donald Trump: Wow, that's what was -- [Applause] -- thank you.

Gianni Infantino: And that's the trophy.

Donald Trump: That is something, huh?

Question: We got a win now, Mr. President.

Gianni Infantino: This is -- so, this is a good one.

Donald Trump: That's beautiful.

Gianni Infantino: And Miami and Seattle Sounders play --

Note: [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: I've never seen anything like that.

Gianni Infantino: It is a special -- it's a trophy of the future.

Donald Trump: Yeah, yeah.

Gianni Infantino: It represents the past, the future, everything, the present.

Donald Trump: And this will be at the White House for a little while, so if anybody needs a picture or anything, you can take it. But this is --

Gianni Infantino: If you like it, Mr. President, it can stay here. Just on the 13th of July, you should take it with me.

Donald Trump: Let's leave it here.

Gianni Infantino: To the stadium to give it to the winners. They can take a picture then we'll bring it back here after the picture, eh?

Donald Trump: Let's do that. We'll leave it here. We'll have it in the White House quite a bit.

Gianni Infantino: Excellent.

Donald Trump: It travels a little bit also, but I appreciate it, that's good. And no, this can definitely stay, right [Laughter]? Anyway. Thank you, Gianni, very much. Congratulations.

Gianni Infantino: Thank you, sir.

Question: Just on the cabinet meeting, you said Musk will play an advisory role. DOGE will play --

Donald Trump: We're talking about FIFA. Thank you very much. About the World Cup, Mr. President, you're having --

Note: [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: -- and they're both great guys. And by the way, they both get along fantastically well. Marco has done unbelievably as Secretary of State and Elon is a very unique guy who's done a fantastic job.

Question: Do you think he needs to be reined in, Mr. President?

Donald Trump: Enough. Enough. It's FIFA. Is this a FIFA question?

Question: How do you see the World Cup playing out with the tensions you have with Canada and Mexico?

Donald Trump: Oh, I think it's going to make it more exciting. Tension is a good thing.

Question: Even for the World Cup?

Donald Trump: Yeah, I think so. I think it makes it much more exciting.

Aide: Sir, the entire committee is here for FIFA with Gianni.

Donald Trump: Oh, please come up.

Aide: Would you like them to come up and take a picture?

Donald Trump: Please. Gianni, do you want -- get them up. That's great.

Question: Mr. President, what type of enhanced security do you anticipate having for all of these big events that are happening over the course of the next --

Donald Trump: I'll let Kristi answer that question.

Kristi Noem: I'll answer one question.

Donald Trump: Security.

Kristi Noem: The security for this event will be run by the Department of Homeland Security. So, we are signing today this document that will say that we will form task forces and partnerships. We'll have incident command centers in these 11 cities that will partner all the agencies and departments at the federal. We'll have some worldwide partners as well as long as --

Note: [Crosstalk]

Kristi Noem: -- yes, it'll be under our umbrella, and we'll help facilitate that. But also working with our local law enforcement is incredibly powerful. So, streamlining those communications, it will be a wonderful event, and everybody will be safe and fun.

Donald Trump: We better be, right?

Kristi Noem: Yeah, it will be. And this is the official ball with your name.

Donald Trump: Thank you very much. Thank you. Oh, that's nice. I would give it to Kristi except it has my name on it.

Aide: We have another one for you over there.

Gianni Infantino: Of course, of course.

Donald Trump: That's beautiful. Thank you very much. Is that going to be the ball?

Gianni Infantino: That's the official ball for this --

Note: [Crosstalk]

Donald Trump: This will be what -- it will look like the ball when they play?

Gianni Infantino: Yes, when they play.

Donald Trump: Wow, that's great.

Gianni Infantino: Yes, nobody played yet -- has played yet with that ball.

Donald Trump: That's great. Thank you very much, everybody. Gianni, thank you very much.