Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-racing-champions-white-house-april-9-2025

Donald Trump: Hello everybody.

Unidentified: Mr. President, it's great to see you again.

Donald Trump: Great to see you.

Unidentified: And you know [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: Good to see you again.

Unidentified: Thanks again for last night.

Donald Trump: How was last night, huh?

Unidentified: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: Oh, the sausages, boy. They really, they were fantastic.

Unidentified: You were terrific.

Unidentified: [Inaudible]

Unidentified: Thank you, yeah.

Unidentified: You got the market seeing your billions. It's --

Donald Trump: Yeah, it's up almost seven points. 2500 points. Nobody's ever heard of it. It's going to be a record.

Unidentified: It's amazing.

Unidentified: Yeah. Yeah.

Unidentified: Are you making an announcement, the next --

Donald Trump: Let's go.

Unidentified: Yes, sir. That's smart.

Donald Trump: The cameras are gonna get the cars.

Unidentified: Yes sir. Absolutely.

Donald Trump: [Inaudible] Hello, everybody. How are you? These are nice cars. Is this the car?

Unidentified: Yes. This is the car.

Unidentified: Yep. Ryan from last year. [Inaudible] So, pretty, pretty amazing job he's done. So, this is the team behind him here.

Donald Trump: Pretty amazing. Fantastic. How are you? Good to see you.

Unidentified: Great.

Unidentified: Mr. President, thanks for having us.

Unidentified: Thanks for having us.

Donald Trump: Congratulations.

Unidentified: Thank you for what you're doing for our country.

Donald Trump: Thank you. We had to do it. Somebody had to do it, right?

Donald Trump: Well, thank you very much, everybody. We have a very special day for a lot of reasons, actually, if you really think about it, but this is a day because Roger Penske is a great friend of mine. I've known him a long time. He received, a few years ago, the Presidential Medal of Freedom, the highest award in the country outside of the Congressional Medal of Honor.

Donald Trump: It's sort of the civilian version of the Congressional Medal of Honor. And I watched him win his 18th Indianapolis 500. And now, I just said, did you win 19? He said, well, actually we won 20. He won two more since then. So that was like five years ago and he won two more since then and just well deserving.

Donald Trump: If you look, Germany, Japan, the countries, they spend billions of dollars trying to win Indy. And I guess they do it sometimes, but not much, but he's done it 20 times, fellas. So he must know something about cars and racing and trucks too, by the way. He knows a lot about trucks, but he's been a very special guy and he's brought some of our outstanding racing champions with tremendous courage and guts and grit.

Donald Trump: Hello, fellas. I didn't see you guys over there. That's a good-looking couple of teams too. They have a lot of courage and we'll see you in a second. So we're joined by the 2023, 2024 NASCAR champion, Ryan Blaney and Joey Logano. That's really fantastic, fellas. That's great. How fast do you get that car going, like, as an example?

Donald Trump: On average, how fast will you go --

Unidentified: About 190.

Donald Trump: About 190. You can have it. I don't want to go -- 190, that's fantastic. And on a straightaway, you'll go how much?

Unidentified: About 190-200.

Donald Trump: 190 to 200. Well, it takes a special genetic, you know that, right? It's genes, not only -- it's genes, really. Most people couldn't do that. Very few people could do it. The 2023 and 2024 Indianapolis 500 winner, Josef Newgarden. We'll come see you in a second, Josef. And the 2025 champions of the 24 Hours of Daytona, Felipe Nasr, Nick Tandy and Lawrence Ventor.

Donald Trump: Thank you, fellas. This is just a celebration of racing and it's a celebration of Roger and his great success and his life and these incredible champions, who really do what very few people could do, mentally, psychologically. It's a big factor here like it is in all sports really, but you need a great physical ability.

Donald Trump: People that do this, they don't realize what great athletes they are. It's just not the car. I had a friend, he's a very successful guy, but he was a driver and started off, he wanted to be a race car driver. He wanted to be like you. He wanted to be like just like Joey Logano and he had it for business, but he didn't have it for the -- he said, I just couldn't compete with the good drivers.

Donald Trump: He couldn't do it no matter what he did and he got lucky. He went into business, he made a lot of money, he was very successful. But he said, I couldn't press the accelerator down all the way and the best drivers could, so there was just a difference. I never forgot that story. But these are great champions and it's a great sport and what you've done in Indianapolis, also, with the track and everything has been incredible.

Donald Trump: I mean, it's really incredible. People tell me it's been amazing. I'll have to get there. I'm going to have to get there, maybe this year with you.

Unidentified: Very good. You have an open invitation.

Donald Trump: Well, thank you very much. Thank you and we did Daytona. We went around the track in the beast, what's called the beast with the thick windows and the whole thing and you're not supposed to hear anything, but I heard the fans, they were going crazy outside. So it was a great honor. So I just wanted to welcome them to the White House.

Donald Trump: It's a special place, very, very special place and we love champions and these are the greatest champions in the world. These are the greatest champions in racing and it's an honor to have you all. And thank you very much, all of you. Thank you very much. I wouldn't ride in that thing if you paid me. How fast will that go?

Unidentified: 240, plus.

Donald Trump: 240

Unidentified: Yeah.

Donald Trump: That's unbelievable.

Unidentified: It's a weapon.

Donald Trump: Two-time winner of the Indianapolis 500, consecutively, right?

Unidentified: Yes, sir.

Donald Trump: So what the hell are you doing? What do you eat? [Inaudible]

Unidentified: A lot of milk. I drink a lot of milk, hopefully.

Donald Trump: I'm going to take some. And that one is pure speed and endurance, right?

Unidentified: Correct, sir.

Donald Trump: Speed and endurance. Is that car a very different car than, let's say, this one, very different?

Unidentified: Very different.

Donald Trump: Very different. Made for --

Unidentified: They to last so many hours, and we all share the car, so three drivers.

Donald Trump: Totally different engine?

Unidentified: Different engine,

Donald Trump: Everything is different?

Unidentified: Everything.

Donald Trump: And you go, is it 24 hours?

Unidentified: Yeah.

Donald Trump: That's a long time. And that car just -- there's no letup, there's no -- it's just constant, right? Congratulations. That's endurance. Endurance is a big factor in life and success, I can tell you. So you guys have it. Well, thank you very much. Would you like to ask Roger or any of these champions any questions while we're here?

Question: Mr. President. I have a question for you if you don't mind?

Donald Trump: Yeah.

Question: You started the morning saying be cool --

Donald Trump: Be cool.

Question: And then a few hours later there was a pause put in on the tariffs. Can you walk us through your thinking about why you decided to put a 90-day pause on tarrifs?

Donald Trump: Well, I thought that people were jumping a little bit out of line. They were getting yippy. You know? They were getting a little bit yippy, a little bit afraid, unlike these champions because we have a big job to do. No other president would have done what I did, no other president. I know the presidents.

Donald Trump: They wouldn't have done it and it had to be done. What was happening to us on trade not only with, if you look at it, not only with China, but China was by far the biggest abuser in history. And others also, but somebody had to do it. They had to stop because it was not sustainable. Last year, China made $1 trillion off trade with the United States.

Donald Trump: That's not right. And now I've reversed it. It's for a short period of time, but we made $2 billion. We're making now $2 billion a day. And somebody had to do it. Roger, actually, said it, Charles Schwab was here a little while ago, one of the great financial people. And he said, he's been waiting for 40 years for somebody to do what I did over the last month.

Donald Trump: And if you didn't do it, you wouldn't have a country. It wouldn't be sustainable. So I'm honored to have done it. And look, nothing's over yet. But we have a tremendous amount of spirit from other countries, including China. China wants to make a deal, they just don't know how quite to go about it. It's one of those things, they don't know quite.

Donald Trump: They're proud people and President Xi's a proud man. I know him very well and they don't know quite how to go about it, but they'll figure it out. They're in the process of figuring it out, but they want to make a deal. And we have many other countries, as you know, many more than 75, and they all want to come and they want to come here or they'll go to Commerce or they'll go to Treasury.

Donald Trump: We have our great senators here and congressmen. They'll call John. They'll do somebody, they'll go through somebody. But they're all calling, how do we do this? They all want to make a deal. Somebody had to do what we did and I did a 90-day pause for the people that didn't retaliate. Because I told them if you retaliate, we're going to double it. And that's what I did with China because they did retaliate.

Donald Trump: So we'll see how it all works out. I think it's going to work out amazing. I think that our country is going to be, at the end of a year or shorter, but I think we're going to have something that nobody would have dreamt possible. A man like Roger Penske, I don't want to get him in trouble with China, so I won't, but he would know that someday you have to cut the bow and you have to do what you have to do, right, Roger?

Donald Trump: And that's what I did and I'm very happy to have done it.

Question: Mr. President, was there anyone -- The prime minister of Greece just told Breitbart's Matt Boyle that he thinks absolutely, the European Union and the United States could work out a trade deal that's win-win and quote, mutually beneficial to both sides.

Donald Trump: I agree.

Question: What do you think about the prime minister's comments and do you think a deal could be struck with the European Union?

Donald Trump: First of all, I know him, he's a good man and I appreciate his comments. Yeah, a deal can be made with every one of them. A deal is going to be made with China. A deal is going to be made with every one of them and they will be fair deals. I just want fair. They will be fair deals for everybody, but they weren't fair to the United States.

Donald Trump: They were sucking us dry and you can't do that. We have $36 trillion of debt for a reason. We don't have a debt for fun. They have it for a reason and people took advantage of our country and they ripped us off for decades. I've been thinking about this for decades. If you ever saw me on television, I was young like these guys and it was a good old days.

Donald Trump: I'll tell you, Roger, but I was like these guys, young, and I was talking about it. Nothing changed and nothing was done about it. Then I did it in my first term. I did it and did it well. We took in hundreds of billions of dollars from China and others and I started the process, but then we had to fix up from the COVID mess caused by China.

Donald Trump: We had to fix up from that and we did a good job of doing it and when we handed back the reins after a rigged election and when we handed back the raids. The stock market was higher than it was before COVID coming in. So, we did a great job, but we didn't have time to do the big thing which we're doing now.

Donald Trump: And it's like a patient is sick. You have to do surgery, the patient is very, very sick. And Joe Biden handed us over a country that was in very serious trouble economically and in every other way. They let China run away with things. They let other countries run away with things and maybe worst of all in a certain way is what they did at the border.

Donald Trump: We had people pouring into our country by the millions. Many of them were murderers and drug lords and thieves and people from prisons from all over the world. And there were people from mental institutions, insane asylums. They were taking their mentally insane and they were dumping them into our country.

Donald Trump: And I'll tell you, Tom Homan and Kristi Noem are doing a fantastic job in removing them. And now the courts, the Supreme Court just gave us numerous good rulings where we have to be able to get them out. You had other judges trying to take over the system. And think of it, they take over. They want these people coming back.

Donald Trump: Tren de Aragua from Venezuela, the Venezuelan jails that cut off the fingers of a man in Colorado. They cut off his fingers because he called the police looking for help. They said, did you call the police. He said, yes, I did. Put your hand down and they cut off the fingers. This is what -- they want to bring these people back.

Donald Trump: No. And I want to thank the president of El Salvador for the job he's done because that is -- that's the way it has to be done. Yeah, please.

Question: Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi, they've been talking about tariffs for decades. How come when these Democrat elites want tariffs, everything's hunky dory, but when President Trump wants tariffs, all hell breaks loose? Do you see this double standard?

Donald Trump: I love this guy. Whoever the hell that is, that's really nice. I appreciate that question. No, Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi -- everybody knew you had to do it, but they never had the guts to do it. It does take guts. It even takes guts for our country to go through it. That's why I say, be cool. They were saying about -- see, just be cool.

Donald Trump: It's going to work out, it's going to work out and it's working out. I can tell you, working out maybe faster than I thought. But I said it's going to take a little conditioning. It's a transition to -- it's really -- I think it's a transition to greatness; it's going to be greatness. Our country is going to be -- there will be nothing like it. And people investing in our country, they're going to do better than they've ever done before.

Donald Trump: We have more car manufacturers, Roger, coming into our country now, speaking of cars, we've never seen anything like it. And they're coming in because of the election, but they're coming in because of the tariffs, because they don't want to pay 25 or 50 or whatever it may be. They don't want to pay that.

Donald Trump: They can't pay that. We had three cancellations in Mexico building a plant. They're all coming into the United States. Canada they're coming in, from China they're coming -- they're coming in from everywhere and that's just cars. We have chip makers coming. We have the biggest chip maker in the world from Taiwan coming in, spending $3 billion to build plants.

Donald Trump: And a big -- mostly a big plant. It's a hell of a plant when you spend the kind of money there. They're going to go $200 billion to $300 billion, not million. You know, you'd say million would be the right number. It's not. $200 billion to $300 billion -- billion dollars. Think of that, $300 billion. If you look at Apple, Apple is going to spend $500 billion building a plant.

Donald Trump: They wouldn't be doing that if I didn't do this. They'd just keep building them in China and that's unsustainable. It's not a pleasant thing to do, but I appreciate the question. And you know, interestingly, Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi -- crazy, Nancy, they've wanted to do this for years, but they never had a president that had the guts to do it because it does take guts, believe me.

Note: [Crosstalk]

Question: Was it the bond markets that persuaded you to reverse course?

Donald Trump: No, I was watching the bond market. The bond market is very tricky. I was watching it. But if you look at it now, it's beautiful. The bond market right now is beautiful. But yeah, I saw last night where people were getting a little queasy. I think everything had -- well, the big move wasn't what I did today.

Donald Trump: The big move was what I did on Liberation Day. We had liberation day in America. We're liberated from all of the horrible deals that were made, all the horrible trade deals that were made. And I was helped by people just like this, senator, congressman and friend, right? And we had great help in the Senate.

Donald Trump: Our Republican senators have been amazing. They stood tall. And likewise in the House -- and John Thune has done an amazing job. Barrasso has done an amazing job. I mean, I can't think of a senator, really, we had tremendous support. We got a bill passed the other day with almost unanimous support in the Senate.

Donald Trump: And I think we're going to get that in the House too. And I have to tell you that Mike Johnson is a great speaker. He's done a fantastic job. We had a majority of one, now we have a majority of seven. And you don't realize how big seven is until you have a majority of one. Seven sounds like so much, but we're doing well.

Donald Trump: But Mike Johnson and John Thune have done a really great job.

Question: Mr. President --

Note: [Crosstalk]

Question: -- influence your decision. Did you speak with anyone, Jamie Dimon? Did you speak with anyone about -- ?

Donald Trump: Well, I watched Jamie Dimon on Maria Bartiromo's show this morning and he was very good. He said that -- actually made the statement to the effect that something had to be done with the tariffs and trade. He said that. He said, look, you know, at some point, but he said something has to be done with tariffs and trade.

Donald Trump: He understood it. He's very smart and very -- a genius financially. He's done a fantastic job at the bank, and he knows that. Everybody knows that. Anybody that's even a little bit smart knows it. It wasn't sustainable, what was happening, somebody had to pull the trigger. I was willing to pull the trigger.

Donald Trump: This should have been done long ago, just like Biden should have stopped the border long ago. I mean, allowed 21 million people plus into our country, many of whom should never have been allowed out of prisons and jails. They came out of prisons and jails from all over the world and now we're getting them out, bringing them back to their countries, but it should have never been done.

Question: Where does the TikTok decision stand?

Donald Trump: Go ahead, please.

Question: Sir, would you consider exempting some US companies, maybe some larger companies who have been hit hard in the market's last few days during these 90 days?

Donald Trump: Well, I'll take a look at it. As time goes by, we're going to take a look at it. There are some that have been hard. There are some that, by the nature of the company, get hit a little bit harder and we'll take a look at that.

Question: How do you determine it over the next [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: Just instinctively more than anything else. I mean, you almost can't take a pencil to paper. It's really more of an instinct, I think, than anything else.

Note: [Crosstalk]

Question: What is your credibility like? Because you said that these tariffs would go into effect on Monday, you said no pause. Today there is a pause. So --

Note: [Crosstalk]

Question: -- how can people believe your word today, sir?

Donald Trump: I think you have to have -- yeah, it's not a question of that. You have to have flexibility. I could say here's a wall and I'm going to go through that wall. I'm going to go through it no matter what and keep going. And you can't go through the wall. Sometimes you have to be able to go under the wall around the wall or over the wall.

Donald Trump: These guys know that better than anybody, right? You've got to go around them sometimes; you're not going to go through them. So, I consider -- you know, I think in financial markets, because they change. Look how much it changed today. We went from pretty moderate today, but over the last few days it looked pretty glum, to I guess they say it was the biggest day in financial history.

Donald Trump: That's a pretty big change. And I think the word would be flexible. You have to be flexible, like he's asking the question about some companies. Some companies, through no fault of their own, they happen to be in an industry that is more affected by these things than others. You have to be able to show a little flexibility and I'm able to do that.

Donald Trump: I'm going to say hello to these champions because they are great champions. I've got to say hello.

Question: Mr. President, have you talked to Xi Jinping to avoid more escalation?