Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-jd-vance-white-house-john-ratcliffe-swearing-in-january-23-2025

JD Vance: Well, good afternoon, everybody. It's great to have you here. I'm thrilled to be joined, of course, by our incoming director of the Central Intelligence Agency -- Agency, John Ratcliffe, as well as his lovely wife, Michele. And I will say that John is a great patriot, a guy that has the trust of the president, and I think really believes deeply in the mission first of all of keeping Americans safe but also doing it in a way that ensures that the American people have confidence in our national intelligence services.

JD Vance: And both of those things really matter. We're not going to have much safety and we're not going to have a great intelligence services unless the American people actually trust that those intelligence services are doing their job. And I have every confidence that John Ratcliffe is going to do that. That's why the president nominated him, and that's why the Senate confirmed him with big margins.

JD Vance: Now, normally, after I administer the oath, I would actually invite, um, the -- the new, um -- the new guy to say a few words. But given that he's the leader of the CIA, anything that he told you he would have to -- well, you know how that goes. So, John Ratcliffe is not going to give any remarks because every piece of knowledge in his brain is actually classified.

JD Vance: So, he's going to head straight to Langley and do his job that the American people need him to do. So, John, are you ready?

John Ratcliffe: I'm ready.

JD Vance: OK. Please place your hand on the Bible, raise your right hand. I, John Ratcliffe.

John Ratcliffe: I, John Ratcliffe.

JD Vance: Do solemnly swear.

John Ratcliffe: Do solemnly swear.

JD Vance: That I will support and defend the Constitution of the United States.

John Ratcliffe: That I will support and defend the Constitution of the United States.

JD Vance: Against all enemies, foreign and domestic.

John Ratcliffe: Against all enemies, foreign and domestic.

JD Vance: That I will bear true faith and allegiance to the same.

John Ratcliffe: That I will bear true faith and allegiance to the same.

JD Vance: That I take this obligation freely.

John Ratcliffe: That I take this obligation freely.

JD Vance: Without any mental reservation or purpose of evasion.

John Ratcliffe: Without any mental reservation or purpose of evasion.

JD Vance: And that I will well and faithfully discharge.

John Ratcliffe: And that I will well and faithfully discharge.

JD Vance: The duties of the office on which I'm about to enter.

John Ratcliffe: The duties of the office on which I am about to enter.

JD Vance: So help you God.

John Ratcliffe: So help me God.

JD Vance: Congratulations.

John Ratcliffe: Thank you.

JD Vance: See you guys take care.