Source: https://rollcall.com/factbase/trump/transcript/donald-trump-remarks-royal-court-palace-bilat-riyadh-saudi-arabia-may-13-2025

Mohammed bin Salman Al Saud: [Inaudible due to acoustics]

Donald Trump: It's honor to be here with my friend. And we've had a tremendous relationship over the years, now a long time. We know each other when you visited the White House. I remember so well and I was so impressed with this young guy who was very wise, wise beyond his years. He was 31 years old, I think, at the time and he was very wise and we became friendly.

Donald Trump: And we had a decision to make as to which country we would go to first and the leader called me [Inaudible] who we also love, by the way. Your father is an incredible guy, really was a friend of mine [inaudible] well, a little older, but I know [Inaudible] very well. But we have a decision to make and that is where to go. And we talked and I appreciated what you said because you're going to be creating tremendous numbers of jobs in the United States and we have the best product.

Donald Trump: We have the best military equipment in the world, by far. That that is undisputed. Our fighter jets, our missiles, our systems, our patriots, everything, we have the best. And beyond that, you're purchasing place, you're purchasing a lot of different things and I appreciate it. And you said, you think $600 million, but the $600 million, knowing you, will be $1 trillion. You'll try to get us there.

Mohammed bin Salman Al Saud: We're working on that, sir.

Donald Trump: I very much appreciate it --

Mohammed bin Salman Al Saud: [Inaudible]

Donald Trump: Yeah. No, I very much appreciate it. We have, as you know, we have the biggest business leaders in the world here tonight. They're going to walk away with a lot of checks for a lot of things that you're going to provide. And the United States is probably two million jobs that we're talking about this visit.

Donald Trump: So number one, I like visiting with you and we've known each other very well. And I really believe we like each other a lot. And number two, for the United States, we've brought tremendous investment in and tremendous jobs, and we'll continue to service your great country very well. I appreciate it. [Inaudible]

Aide: Thank you. Thank you, press. Thank you, press. Thanks, guys. Thank you. Thank you, press.