Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/speechtu19012016

Translation Israeli democracy is "a tree deeply rooted alongside brooks of water." Its roots feed off our people's age-old tradition of self-rule. We had the "people of the Great Assembly" following the Return to Zion from Babylon, we had autonomous communities in exile and we also had Herzl who formulated the Zionist Movement's democratic principles.

Three days after the First Zionist Congress in Basel, Herzl wrote in his diary: "Bit by bit I encouraged people to think about the state and gave them the feeling that they are in fact the national assembly '." This chain of historic links is what made the inauguration of the Knesset 67 years ago such a remarkably powerful event. It was a major milestone in our nation's revival, an event that marked the reestablishment of Jewish freedom and sovereignty.

Jerusalem, scarred by the fierce battles of the War of Independence, was celebrating. There was a strong sense among the public that the Knesset was the center of Israeli discourse, a democratic fortress reflecting our people's inner spiritual and creative forces.

I must say that the level of debate in the First, Second and Third Knessets – and I sometimes read the protocols, the arguments, the deliberations – was very high. We have much to aspire to, much to improve. Democracy necessitates political maturity. It is a complex governmental system that requires checks and balances: separation of powers, individual and collective rights, and majority-minority relations. Democracy is an entity characterized by inherent contradictions, ones we must contend with continuously, and whenever possible, formulate a wide consensus.

Some countries prefer other solutions, simplistic ones: instead of counting heads, they have beheadings. Look around you and see what is happening across the Middle East. Five years have passed since the beginning of the so-called Arab Spring – undoubtedly a formative and revolutionary event and one of deep historic significance. And it is still ongoing. We remember the unprecedented wave of demonstrations for freedom and human rights and against oppression and poverty. Those hopes quickly evaporated. The short-lived spring was replaced by a particularly dark Islamist winter. The domino effect in our region worked in the opposite direction than the one everyone had anticipated: rather than an expansion of peace and moderation, we witnessed a takeover of chaos and anarchy which resulted in the obliteration of borders, disintegration of states, massacre of innocent people, displacement and transformation of millions into refugees, destruction of cultural treasures, bloody civil wars and perpetual violent conflicts.

Israel is exceptional in a very large radius. None of that exists here. We have a parliament, a government, courts, laws and law enforcement. These are the fundamental pillars of Israeli democracy, and despite the turmoil in our region and the turmoil within, this will never change.

But this is not what is happening in the world. Modern times are characterized by periods of democratic expansion and periods of regression and erosion of the commitment to democratic values. These two trends existed throughout the 20th century, which ended – as it seemed and as many had hoped – in the triumph of democracy over tyranny.

However, at the dawn of the 21st century, we are again witnessing grave threats to democracy. We witnessed it in the massive terror attack of September 2001 against the United States and we are witnessing it now with the rise of militant Islam – the radical Shiites led by Iran and the radical Sunnis led by the fanatics of ISIS. Both streams espouse a clearly anti-democratic vision that seeks to destroy the free world. It is a clash between oppressive movements that sow death and destruction and a free civilization that champions human welfare, individual freedoms, human compassion and humanity as a whole. Israel is at the forefront of this campaign. As a stronghold of the democratic world, we are subject to continuous threat, we are in the heart of the storm. Our policy is clear – to defend ourselves and respond to any threat, determinedly and forcefully. Those who try to challenge our sovereignty and target our civilians, including blood-thirsty Palestinian terrorists, will continue to bear the full consequences.

Knesset members,

I was in Otniel this morning to pay my respects to the Meir family, a noble family that bears its grief with heartbreaking dignity following the barbaric murder of wife and mother Dafna.

A deep moral abyss separates us from our enemies: On the one hand, a woman who dedicated herself to protecting and saving lives; and on the other, a despicable 15-year-old Palestinian murderer who did not hesitate to so cruelly take a life. Undoubtedly, he had been absorbing venomous hatred of Jews since birth given that the Palestinian incitement against us, including, unfortunately, by the Palestinian Authority leadership, has never ceased.

Rather than educating their people to peace and acceptance, they feed them with delusions about a return to the 1948 borders – to Haifa, Jaffa, Acre and Safed – in place of the Jewish state. This is the root of the conflict – the refusal to accept Israel's existence, the dream of wiping us off the face of the earth.

On this festive day for the Knesset, I say: This is a false hope because we are here to stay. No one will remove us from our land, and we will continue to build it and defend it.

I wish to commend the security forces who work day and night. I particularly wish to express my appreciation for the ISA and the Duvdevan Unit which quickly located and captured the terrorist, as we said they would. The government is taking unprecedented measures against terrorism, measures which we did not need to take in the past or maybe we did but previous governments had refrained from taking them. We will continue to take all measures deemed necessary. Our wish is to maintain the daily routine – that of Israelis and Palestinians alike – but we will not hesitate, as we did yesterday, to bar the entry of Palestinian workers into our communities. We intend to restore calm, coexistence, and some day also peace.

The foundations of democracy should be protected from within, but in order to preserve a democracy, we must ward off the dangers from outside as well. To borrow a quote from American President Franklin Roosevelt, we are "shielding the great flame of democracy from the blackout of barbarism." The democratic flame burns powerfully in the State of Israel. We have an active and rambunctious democracy: free elections, an excellent justice system, a balance between the three powers, civil rights and freedom of expression. The Knesset faithfully represents all sectors of the population and stands as testimony to Israel's character as a law-abiding country.

I spend a lot of time here. I see the important, often in-depth work that is done in the Knesset committees and plenary, both by the coalition and the opposition. There is real passion here that accompanies the legislative work in a variety of areas, and a genuine and commendable desire to improve the quality of living of all the citizens of Israel.

However, our work is not yet complete. As I said earlier, we need to adopt a more respectful and proper parliamentary discourse, devoid of slander and personal insults. I have always said and I will continue to say – the weight of one's message will not be increased by cheap rhetoric. Exactly the opposite.

The public expects us to conduct sharp and serious debates on issues on the agenda and to conform to stricter norms of behavior, mainly when there are disagreements. One thing should be clear – any attempt at false nostalgia, any attempt to search for a country that is devoid of disagreements is patently wrong. The essence of democracy is not lack of conflicts. The essence of democracy is the peaceful resolution of conflicts – through argument, debate, often compromise, and if compromise is unattainable – through the ballots. This is the essence of democracy. But the arguments and debates should be conducted within clear confines, clearer than the ones to which we have been accustomed.

My friends, Knesset members of all factions, we all share in the responsibility for the Knesset's public image and we must protect its integrity. How do we do this? First of all, through mutual respect, particularly when we disagree, but above all, by insisting on law-abidance. There cannot be any compromises here. We will continue to act against vigilantes from all sides, and we will unequivocally denounce acts of murder, whether of Jews, Arabs or anyone else.

On this festive day for the Knesset, we have the right to feel very proud. Israel belongs to the family of democratic nations, and there isn’t a single democracy that is tested the way we are. This is exceptional by any standard, and the democratic states, which are often quick to criticize Israel, should appreciate this simple truth.

Knesset members, we have been charged with a sacred task – to shape our country's democratic life and to bear responsibility for its fate and future. We should strive to be worthy of this great mission, continue to nurture the saplings planted by the Knesset's founders and realize the words of Prophet Ezekiel: "It will bear branches and produce fruit and become a stately cedar."

Happy holiday for the Knesset!
