Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spokealenbi080709



Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu this morning convened the Ministerial Committee on Improving the Economic Situation of the Palestinian Residents of Judea and Samaria. He instructed the relevant officials to immediately and significantly expand the Allenby Border Terminal's hours of operation for the import and export of goods in order to increase the volume of commercial activity and improve the Palestinian population's quality of life.

Minister Silvan Shalom briefed Committee members on three economic projects that the Regional Development Ministry – along with the other relevant ministries – will promote: 1) The planning and development of light industrial zone (for tourism and services) near Bethlehem, with the assistance of the French government, 2) A major industrial zone in Jalameh (the Jenin area), with the assistance of the German government, and 3) A zone for the export and processing of agricultural products in Jericho, with the assistance of the Japanese government. Several of the projects have been delayed for years; this morning's meeting focused on moving them forward and removing bureaucratic impediments.

Prime Minister Netanyahu instructed the Finance, Foreign Affairs, Defense, National Infrastructures and Transportation ministry officials in attendance to coordinate with the international community in order to advance the aforesaid projects in particular and the Palestinian economy in general. "Wherever we can ease restrictions on the Palestinian population without endangering the security of the citizens of Israel, we will make every effort to do so," the Prime Minister said.

Vice Premier Shalom added that, "We have made progress today. Many of the impediments have been removed. We have taken a significant step forward in implementing projects in Judea and Samaria, which have been frozen for years. It is Government policy to promote the economic peace and I call for increased cooperation from the Palestinian side on this issue."

Committee members were also briefed on the significant measures that have been taken to ease movement in Judea and Samaria, including the removal of roadblocks (for more information, click

here

and

here

), in order to assist the Palestinians' daily lives. Deputy Foreign Minister Danny Ayalon said that, "The large scale removal of checkpoints and roadblocks is of long-range political importance due to the position of the international community and world opinion."