Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/speechmacca130709



Honorable President, Mr. Shimon Peres,

Former Prime Ministers,

Ministers,

Members of Knesset,

President of World Maccabi,

Heads of Maccabi,

Mayor of Ramat Gan,

Dear Athletes,

Welcome to Israel.

More than five thousand athletes from all over the world have assembled here tonight, alongside two thousand Israeli athletes.

I see you here, our brothers and sisters from every continent: from North America, Europe, South Africa, South America, Asia and Australia.

You represent sixty-five countries, but most of all you represent one people, unique and extraordinary – the People of Israel.

Above your heads is the slogan: "Maccabi, The 18th Maccabiah, the Maccabiah Chai". These two words say it all: The Maccabiah is alive, the spirit of the Maccabees is alive – Am Yisrael Chai (the People of Israel are alive).

Distinguished guests,

I wish to tell you a story. A story about a Jewish boy in Nazi Germany, who was put on the train full of children that managed to leave Germany for Britain, just before the Holocaust which completely wiped out European Jewry.

The boy waved to his mother and two brothers and didn't know that this would be the last time that he would ever see them.

That boy was Joe Wohlfarth, a seven-year old Jewish boy who came to Britain alone.

From a very young age, Joe began to display an outstanding talent for football, and was chosen to represent Britain twice at the Maccabiah Games, at the third and the fifth Maccabiah Games.

Today, Joe is here with us again, he is at our side at the Maccabiah for the third time in his life, this time as a representative of the State of Israel.

At the age of 77, Joe is still an athlete, and he represents the State of Israel in senior tennis – a field in which Israel accomplished its most impressive international achievement only the day before yesterday.

And to Joe, the tennis player, I say: Your story is a source of inspiration for every Jewish child, for every Jew, for every athlete, and is a living example of the revival of our people and of the spirit raging within us.

You feel this spirit, you have come here from all four corners of the world, and you are extremely excited to be here. I know that for many of you, this is your first visit in Israel, the first encounter with your people's homeland. Thank you for coming.

I thank you for participating, but I also want to ask that you do one more thing – to immigrate to Israel. Your place is here with us. Not only during the Maccabiah – but for ever. Come and be part of us, for every day of the year in sport, in hi-tech, in education, in culture, in each and every field in the national revival of the Jewish people in its homeland.

I welcome all of you, and for those who haven’t learnt Hebrew yet, I say:

Welcome to Israel, this is your country, this is your home, so enjoy the games, and then come back and make aliyah.

Good luck!