Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spokestart221109



Following are Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's remarks at the start of the weekly Cabinet meeting today:

"First, we welcome Deputy Minister Gila Gamliel, who has returned from maternity leave to be with us today. Today, we will refer to

International Day for the elimination of Violence Against Women

, which occurs this Wednesday. I intend to visit a shelter for battered women. This is a very serious problem in Israel and around the world.

Globally, it is estimated that one-third of women have suffered violence at least once in their lives. One study indicates that there are 150,000 battered women in Israel, a terrible number. However in 2008, a certain decline has been reported. This is thanks to the various organizations that are active, the

Authority for the Advancement of the Status of Women

, which I was fortunate enough to establish as Prime Minister, as well as the women's organizations, shelters and other active elements. But it is clear to us that much more needs to be done.

Deputy Minister Gamliel will brief us on these issues. I would like to say something that I believe is very important: The most important thing is to hold to a policy of zero-tolerance for violence in general and for violence against women in particular. I think that while this will resonate in Israeli society, we still have a long way to go in instilling this awareness and in enacting specific plans; thus our meeting today and discussions later this week.

Second, the Cabinet will, today, decide to provide assistance for citizens who were injured in criminal actions for which they were not responsible. Of course, there is activity in the fields of crime and crime families but this is not what I mean. We are talking about a citizen or family that experienced a murder or serious crime and is need of state assistance. We will do something unprecedented. We will direct this to Social Welfare and Social Services Minister Yitzhak Herzog and others. We will assist families that have suffered, due to no fault of their own, from severe crimes such as murder and manslaughter.

We intend to establish centers to help families that have suffered injury and provide them with legal assistance in rebuilding their lives. I think that this is the obligation of every government and this is part of our war on crime and violence, and the same mosaic that we will employ against youth alcohol abuse.

This is an important breakthrough, I also think it is an important milestone, because in Israel, it is accepted that the Government helps victims of terrorism, but there is also domestic terrorism and we must assist all those who are hurt by it. All are Israeli citizens and all deserve our support."