Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/speechcaes020709



I wish to thank you, Arik Carmon and David Brodet, the conference organizers, for both this year and for the previous years. I listened to the conclusion with interest, just as I listened to the speeches of my friend and partner in the creation of an economic plan, the implementation of which is spearheaded by my friend, my friend for many years, Minister of Finance, Yuval Steinitz and an additional friend who is also present, Minister of Transportation and Road Safety, Yisrael Katz who has also started working vigorously on transportation, which I will talk about in due course.

I wish to thank Stanley Fisher, the Governor of the Bank of Israel. I feel guilty and I take the sole blame for suggesting that you come here. You are doing exceptional work, which is extremely important for both the Israeli economy and the Bank of Israel which I will talk about in more detail at the end of my remarks. I also wish to thank Itzik Cohen, the Deputy Minister of Finance, Members of the Knesset, Ronit Tirosh and Robert Ilatov, Former Minister of Finance, Baiga Shohat and former MK Abu Vilan.

Also, Professer Manuel Trajtenberg who ran the National Economic Council in such an exemplary manner, and who I am confident will do the same at the Planning and Budgeting Committee, Professor Eugene Kandel, the incoming head of the National Economic Council. Yarom Ariav, the Director-General of the Ministry of Finance, the Director-General of the Prime Minister's Office, Eyal Gabay. I have known almost every one of you for many years, and have worked with several of you in different roles and on different issues.

Over the years, I have spoken with many of you on the topics that we are discussing today, and also on different topics. You have raised a variety of topics here and I will respond to at least some of them later in my speech, but I want to start with what you began, David (Brodet). You spoke, first of all, about reforms, indeed first of all about reforms, because these reforms actually create competition in the Israeli economy, and the meaning of reforms, is that they increase competition and the value of the economic effort.

The simplest, most difficult, heaviest economic effort which a family or citizen in Israel makes is the purchase of an apartment. There is no greater financial outlay for the majority of Israelis, for the majority of citizens, than to purchase an apartment. This is an extremely difficult process in Israel. It is difficult to build, difficult to plan. We are among the top 40 when it comes to quality of life, to the income per capita, but we are in the 120th place for the time it takes to build something here. We need to build a state. However, unfortunately, it is very difficult to build in Israel and it is also very difficult to buy here because the apartments are very expensive. It is very arduous to renovate and to enclose a balcony, to build a pergola; to expand or add a room is practically impossible.

I am not talking about other matters. Therefore, the first reform, the simplest reform, is to simplify the building process, to reduce the prices of apartments, to cut back on this bureaucracy, to remove the burden from the citizens. To ensure that a young couple, a soldier completing his military service, new immigrants, and all the citizens of Israel can afford an apartment without mortgaging their lives away.

Therefore, we are doing three very big things, whose aim is to provide available, cheap and quick housing for Israeli citizens, but also to reduce the gaps, because if there is one thing that creates gaps, it is a person of means. The rich have apartments, they have houses, they don't have any problems, but the average Israeli, and those below the average, have a problem, and therefore this will also lead to a large closing of the gaps. As soon as someone possesses an asset, an apartment, is a man of property, from a financial perspective, he is a completely different person.

We are doing three big things:

The first thing is an historic reform of the bureaucratic organization known as the Israel Land Administration. We will transfer ownership to 800,000 Israeli citizens who lease the apartments, and we will make them the owners of the apartments. The time has come to do this. We will reduce the planning bureaucracy at the Israel Land Administration, and we will encourage initiatives to develop the land, but first and foremost, we will reform the Israel Land Administration.

The second thing will be a reform of the Planning and Building Committees, which we will implement shortly. Currently, this is a simply unbearable process. As I am sure that you are all aware, this system causes all kinds of falsifications, problems, delays and expenses. We will carry out a reform of transparency, simplification and reduction of the Planning and Building Committees. Today, it pains me to say: it is simply a hellish process.

The third thing that we will do is expand the trains and roads in this country, in order that it will be possible to go from place to place, in this small country, which is one of the smallest countries in the world, and first and foremost, from the center to the Negev and to the Galilee, and from the Negev and the Galilee to the center.

I believe that this is a step which will immediately create motion, because the land and apartment prices create motion. The expansion of the express transport routes, alongside the release of land and the reform of the Israel Land Administration is a very strong engine for growth which will increase the supply of apartments, will provide cheap and available housing for our youth, and will give them the opportunity to own their own homes.

I think that we have been waiting for these things for many years. It is important that you know that when we are talking about what to do with the world economy, there are things which we must do in order to adapt ourselves to them.

There are things connected to the Chinese economy, or to the Indian or Brazilian economy. But we also have a remarkable engine for growth right here which we are not utilizing. Because, if we are currently in the 120th place for building-permits, but will reach the 25th place for building-permits, we will attain growth. This does not depend on any other occurrence.

We must understand that when people marry and bring children into this world, they need accommodation and they need shopping-centers, a mall, a school. When we speed up this process, we create an engine for growth which to a large extent is not dependent on what happens externally. You can use the market barriers in the State of Israel as an engine for growth. By removing them, you remove the obstacles and release the spring. I estimate that for at least 15 years, solely as a result of this, we will see a significant increase of between 1 - 2 % in our product every year.

But this is only the first thing that we can do in order to increase our growth. If you want engines for growth, we have engines for growth. If you want a sure thing, this is a sure thing. You are talking about the correct things, on a macro level. I am telling you that this is the correct thing to do. If someone ever tried to enclose a balcony, he knows exactly what I am talking about. If someone tried to open a factory, he also knows exactly what I am talking about. We must make this change, and this is a change which if we carry it out in its entirety, will reduce the gaps.

I would like to show you what happens when there is an express road or a train and a station. We can see what is happening today to the residents of Or Akiva. Fifteen years ago, the residents of Or Akiva were living in low-quality accommodation. Look at what has happened to their properties today and see what the gaps are in relation to what they were 15 years ago. Look at what the road and the interchange have achieved there. You can go to any other place and see how the gaps are being closed. At a certain stage, the State of Israel comes to a standstill. At a certain stage, you "fly" on Route 6, then you get to Wadi Ara and simply stop. And then you need to allow between an hour and a half to two hours until you get there via the traffic jams to Tiberias or to Rosh Pinah.

This is simply unbelievable.

The combination of expanding the transport routes to the Negev and the Galilee coupled with the opening up of land and the simplifying of the planning and building process will create an impressive, long-lasting growth. The Minister of Finance and I have been working on this vigorously. This is a combined effort. It is not enough if we only do one of these things. If we do all three of them, we will change the country. We will change it for the better – for the good of the citizens, for the good of growth and for the good of reducing the gaps.

In my opinion, the input doesn't require large resources, with the exception of transport. And if this is spread out over the years, this is completely bearable. There is no real expenditure for these two things, and there will be a simply enormous profit. On the way here, we flew over the Negev. I saw the country's land. There are a lot of things which we can and must do, and we will do them.

I spoke about the first component, the land and transport reforms and the integration between them. The second component is the enormous costs for every business, as in practice, 90% of the economy doesn't pass through here. We want to complete the reform of the ports. We want to finally carry out a reform of electricity. Regarding the ports, we are still one of the only countries that has a structure that has not developed. It is partially developed but we need to complete the process. We will only reap the benefits of a more decentralized and competitive system upon its completion.

With regard to electricity, I want to clarify that at the moment, the electricity tariffs are not particularly high, but we must think about the company's structure in the long term. First of all, the price is subsidized in such a way that we don't see it. If this structure becomes unstable and problems arise, we will need to pay an almost unimaginable price. I am talking both about the physical and financial structures. Therefore, we need this reform, which will eventually ensure that the future costs will be lower.

We don't want to reach a situation whereby the system is inefficient and is not being renewed, because in the long run, this won't last. In fact, this is the second component which refers to the opening-up of competition.

The third component mentioned here, and rightly so, is hi-tech. One of the interesting proposals which I heard from Professor Eugene Kandel, relates to the question of what to do with businesses which don't remain here. It is clear that if they were to stay and not make an "exit", we would be able to see an increase (from the 9% who are employed). We would also create anchors which would expand the economy enormously. And there is another question here: the question of knowledge and education, there is no disagreement about this. We must carry out reforms there.

There can be no doubt that we need to make improvements in the education system, in our higher education and also in our regular education system. At the same time, we must also take care of the development of industry and employment. We don't only want to export talented academics – which is more or less what is happening with us. Therefore, we also need an organization to absorb them.

You raised an interesting proposal here, to deal with the question of funding. In fact, the venture capital market recompenses you, all of the funding is built on the fact that you will exit quickly. Therefore, people are acting in a rational manner, because they are weighing up the risk and the profit, and they are acting in the manner which they regard as most worthwhile.

We can influence this by creating a financial base which will accompany these companies throughout their stages of development. We have several ideas, one of which, proposed by Professor Eugene Kandel, was to create feeder funds, and simultaneously, to adopt a certain amount of involvement on behalf of the government to reduce the risk, thereby creating an incentive for continued funding of these companies and the profitability of leaving them and developing them in Israel. This is the third component.

The fourth component, which you also discussed, is making the government more efficient.

According to "The Economist", we are No. 1 in terms of households owning computers, but we are not No. 1 in terms of government efficiency. In spite of the fact that we have traversed a good part of the way, you can still go to a government ministry, and visit Teller 5, followed by Teller 7, as is portrayed in Ephraim Kishon's well-known skits. Today, there is a certain amount of improvement, but it could be a lot better and we can make a not-insignificant part of the government more efficient.

I must tell you that the person focusing on this with his typical energy, is Minister Mickey Eitan, and I intend to back him up in making the government more efficient, firstly in the things which don’t cost money. These steps will save a lot of money and a lot of paper.

You asked what the appropriate government expenditure is. If you look at a specific situation and say that it fluctuates between 35% and 50 %, there is an enormous difference between them. In 2003, when the level was 52% and we lessened our scope, there were huge arguments on this topic. I thought, that by means of these tools, including the reduction of taxes, we would increase our revenue from taxes, we would increase our product and therefore also reduce the debt-product ratio significantly. And indeed, over five years, we reduced at a significant level of 20%.

I must tell you that there was an enormous argument about this, here included. I heard the same things then; if you want, you can gather up the protocols and see for yourself that we had exactly the same arguments. And I thought that the key was to create growth.

I guarantee you: There is no chance that after this current crisis passes, and it will pass, that in the global world, the percentage of government expenditure in the next decade, in the next 15 – 20 years, will stay at its current level (between 35% - 50%). The level of competition is constantly increasing, and governments are required to compete. In order to compete, they will have to and indeed already are doing, the simplest thing: reducing the taxes.

In order to reduce the taxes, they must operate efficiently within the public sector, and therefore the automatic assumption that we will remain in the range of 35% - 50% is inaccurate, and in my opinion will move a few percent down. In the second half of the 20th Century, the proportional part of the government expenses rose throughout the world, and they rose greatly after the Second World War. I believe that globalization will cause them to start coming down.

We have to consider the question of the manner in which they will come down. It has been said here, that it will be possible to remain with the existing amount but to use it more efficiently. However, I do not think that this will happen. First of all, it isn't easy.

Generally speaking, it is true that competition will make the competing countries more effective, and where possible reduce their public sectors, not by tens of percent, clearly, but they won't remain in the same place. There is no chance of this. I see what is happening throughout the world. I am not talking about the next year or two, but later on, if we want to be competitive, we will also need to be competitive about this. We cannot say that we will remain at 42% and that everything will be okay. This is a static point of view which I think is incorrect. I think that looking forward, we need to be prepared to contend with competition on the levels of expenditure and taxation.

Currently, we are barely acting competitively. We are competitive, but not for the long-term. If we remain in the same place, we won't be competitive because the global system is dynamic, and it moves at a fast pace and everything is portable. Despite all that I said, our defense expenses will continue to present an important factor in our national budget. We are facing challenges and threats that no other country has to face. There is no way of covering our defense costs without growth. There will be, and indeed already is, a need for significant expenditure, which is why our budget looks as it does.

We must create mechanisms for growth, and I have described several of them here. We must stabilize the economy immediately. In itself, the formulation of the budget, for a year and a half, is a stabilizing factor which provides a feeling of control, which is vital. We must maintain our deficit target. We simply must. This is not something which we can cast aside.

We are about to legislate the Bank of Israel Law. When Stanley Fisher came to Israel four years ago, he told me: I am staying here, but promise me that you will pass the Bank of Israel Law. I said to him: "Of course, this is no problem". I didn’t manage to, but now we are in this government for three months, and we are passing this law. As a result of this, we have two outstanding people here, each of whom has contributed something. We will pass this law next Sunday and we will ensure the independence of the Bank of Israel by the Monetary Council which is an innovation. It is possible that we will succeed in reducing the built-in friction between the central bank and the Ministry of Finance. Stanley Fisher says that there are only two or three countries in the world where this friction doesn't exist. Perhaps we will join this exclusive club.

We need many more things. I can reveal a secret to you that between all the different steps that we are taking, I hope that I am not revealing a state secret, but I spoke with the Minister of Finance to make an exception for foreign athletes, at least to make it easier for them, because we are looking for engines to drive economic activity. The approach which needs to guide us is an approach that says how do we create economic activity, how do we create growth, how do we create the desirability of work and investment. These are things which at the end of the day will create something from nothing.

In my opinion, at the end of the day, the government needs to formulate macro policies, which will assist the micro. The added economic value is created by several of the people sitting here and by many others. It is not created by the government. It is created by firms, by employees, by managers and by entrepreneurs. The economic policy which will succeed is one that encourages entrepreneurship, the labor and investment.

I think that this demands reforms in many areas, also in the labor market. But I think that it is within our power to do this. The Israeli economy has shown a substantial amount of flexibility. There is a built-in and natural entrepreneurship, providing that we know how to encourage it.

I cannot tell you that we have already emerged from the crisis, but I can guarantee that we will do all the things that I described here, and I have no reason to think that we will not do them. We will emerge from this crisis reinvigorated, with a more competitive and stronger economy, and more qualified to answer the needs of the citizens of the State of Israel and of the security of the State.

Thank you.