Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/speechmashpiim080909

Thank you very much, Amos Schocken,

I would like to welcome Dov Lautman. Dubik, I congratulate you, not only for the recognition that you are receiving this evening, but also for the recognition that you receive on a regular basis by your striving to bring out the best in Israeli society. Not only do you dream, you also turn those dreams into reality. You have achieved things in the economy which people might never have thought possible. Today, you are an active partner in outlining a vision to rehabilitate the education system, a topic which directly relates to the economic matters that we are discussing here. I salute you, and I assure you that I am also expressing the public’s gratitude. Congratulations once again, Dubik.

I also congratulate my fellow ministers. First of all, my partner, Minister of Finance, Yuval Steinitz. You stood in the breach during extremely difficult moments, and confidently led policy planning and implementation. I will touch on this in more detail later.

My friend, the Minister of National Infrastructures, Uzi Landau is also here. I also see Ariel Atias, the Minister of Construction and Housing, who played an integral role in passing the Israel Land Administration reform. This reform is of vital importance in changing the face of the Israeli economy.

I am also delighted to congratulate two young and energetic Members of Knesset who are here today. I see Ofir Akunis, the Chairman of the Economic Affairs Committee. We have known each other for many years. And of course, Member of Knesset Carmel Shama, who headed the sub-committee that passed the law. I would like to thank Ariel, Ofir, and of course Carmel, for their important work.

Other representatives are also here today – Chaim Katz, Chairman of the Labor, Welfare and Health Committee, and Zion Pinian who plays a central role on the Finance Committee. You work day and night. I don’t think that Members of the Knesset receive sufficient recognition for their work. People are unaware of the great effort that they constantly invest. I also see Member of Knesset Tzipi Hotovely. Are there any other Members of Knesset here?

Moshe (Gafni). People don’t realize that you do holy work, and work very hard in order to help the economy during an extremely difficult period – one of the most difficult we have ever known.

I also thank the host of this event, Mayor Ron Huldai, who is with us today.

Thank you too, Shraga Brosh and Ofer Eini who have done immensely important work in stabilizing the economy, by reaching the package deal with the government, with the Minister of Finance and me.Also Dor Alphon, Guy Rolnick, and all the economic leaders here today.

The Israeli economy developed in an extraordinary way during the past ten years. I want to remind you that only twelve years ago, it was impossible to leave the country with more than a handful of dollars, regardless of whether you were a private citizen, an exporter or a manufacturer. You had to receive special permission from a Bank of Israel official. It is hard to believe that this was only twelve years ago.

We have made monumental changes since then, ranging from relaxing restrictions on foreign currency to the major reform in the capital market by creating additional sources of credit that Guy Rolnick referred to. The pensions reform – these are all monumental changes, and I won’t begin to list all the other things that have been done.

These reforms liberated the Israeli economy and pushed it forward. I am pleased that I had the opportunity to contribute to these changes, and it can safely be said that the Israeli economy is strong today. The world no longer regards us as an emerging or a developing economy. We have already emerged; we are a developed economy. This is not a subjective definition, but rather a definition that is widely accepted today. I hope that we will shortly complete the process of becoming a member of the OECD countries. As Tal Brody said: “We are on the map”, at least in economics.

The reforms carried out during 2003-2005 enabled Israel to enter the global financial crisis in relatively better shape than the majority of other developed countries. I cannot tell you that the crisis is behind us, but whether it is a graph in the shape of a “U”, “V” or “W”, it would appear that we are emerging from this crisis more quickly. We also experienced the crisis at a later period, and in much better condition. If there is a way out of this crisis, all the signs point to the fact that we are emerging from it quicker than the majority of developed countries.

However, I must emphasize that the job has yet to be completed. I want to tell you that we will, in fact, never finish the job, because in a dynamic, global, open and competitive economy, there is no such thing as finishing the job.

We are always competing, whether we want to or not. Our economic status is one that is relative to other economies, and the simple truth is that those who do not improve fall behind. Those who do improve produce economic benefits, thereby improving the lives of the citizens and fulfilling their needs.

In other words, there is no situation in which we will rest on our laurels or say that we are finished with reforms. We are not finished with reforms; we have completed some, but a large number of fundamental reforms still lie ahead.

Therefore, the economic vision we are endorsing is two-fold:

First, to continue strengthening the economic revolution; and second, to integrate it into the social revolution. In a moment I will go into more detail about the first component of the social revolution, beyond education. If The Marker decides to hold a separate conference about this, I would love to attend and discuss it further. We have done so on other occasions, and will do so in the future.

It is only the integration of the two – continued economic growth combined with the necessary social changes – that will propel the Israeli economy to the forefront of global economies. They will also improve the quality of life for the citizens of Israel. We need an economic revolution to ensure significant and stable growth in our economy.

Let me clarify: growth is the key – growth, not anything else. Growth is the key to creating the resources we need, first and foremost in the security field. We cannot finance Israel’s security needs over the next decade without steady and strong growth. We can try to do it, but it will lead to very harsh steps and very difficult decisions. Even then, resources will be limited. However, the moment there is growth, between one to five percent of the GNP, you can all imagine the scope of resources we are discussing.

Growth will provide us with resources to finance security, education, health, welfare and immigrant absorption. We have already decided to implement a number of reforms that will restore the economy to growth. I will expand on this in a moment.

I also mentioned a social revolution. The greatest gap other than the issue of higher education and opportunities to earn a decent living is the inability to purchase an apartment. Purchasing an apartment is the biggest investment young Israelis will make during their lives. The cost and availability of apartments in the State of Israel are extremely serious problems. That is why we will give young couples, discharged soldiers and young people in general more opportunities to buy an apartment without becoming slaves to a mortgage or living with their parents, which is another trend we see.

Our reforms will reduce the costs of land and housing, speed up the construction process and bring the periphery closer to the center of the country. This is another huge social change. We will increase the number of jobs in the Negev and the Galilee especially, but also across the country, and roads and trains will inter-connect the country.

In the brief five months of the government’s tenure, we have already started moving forward on these economic engines, which are also the social engines that will improve the quality of life of millions of Israel’s citizens and help us bridge the gaps.

Given what Guy [Rolnick] said, I must say that when you look at this crisis and at how we are extricating ourselves, one cannot escape the physics of the economy. One cannot escape several simple laws of gravity that must be applied to everyone. The first and most important law applies to the household economy, to businesses and to the national economy – over time, you must produce more than you need.

If consumption is higher than production, very soon you will find yourself with a ballooning deficit or in economic collapse or even bankruptcy. This principle is, for the most part, the most fundamental cause behind the global crisis because consumption was higher than production, whether it be directly or through taking loans that had no coverage. Ultimately, people were consuming more than they produced.

This was not the way Israel behaved. Between 2003 and 2008, we increased production, we increased our product by an impressive 5% per annum, and we significantly reduced our deficit. In other words, the reason we are in a better position is that we respected the first law – produce more than you consume, or at least narrow the gaps. It doesn’t work the opposite way – there is no escaping this fact.

The second principle is that the majority of production in the economy, or to be precise, those who produce the majority of added value to the economy, is the private sector. It’s not that the public sector doesn’t do important work; it does very important work. I outlined some of it, but not all. I mentioned security, health, education – these are central to our lives. However, the private sector bears the economic burden for these things.

I once compared the competition in the global economy to a race, where the private sector of each country carries the public sector on its back. It should be this way, but here in Israel in 2003, the public sector had reached frightening dimensions. Depending on how one calculates it, the public sector was between 52% to 56% of the economy. We led the world in terms of size; there is no doubt about that. As a result, the private sector almost collapsed under the burden.

That is why, in this ongoing race, we have three missions: the first mission is to make the public sector more efficient and continue reducing it in relation to the GDP; the second mission is to strengthen the private sector; and the third mission is to remove the obstacles caused by this combination and to remove the obstacles to competition.

As I stated, the first mission is to make the public sector more efficient. We are not content with the current situation. I was at an economic conference, and someone there said that our current rate of 43% is optimal – this is not true. First of all, I don’t want to be counted in the OECD average. If we want to excel, we cannot be content with being average.

In addition, the countries will not stay at those rankings for long, especially after various countries make corrections. There will only be competition among those who forge ahead. We can go lower and get under 40%. This is a very realistic goal. The best way to do so aside from budgetary restraints – because there can be an increase one year above the budgetary restraint and still maintain the deficit level – is to increase product. We will do this.

Let me be clear: increased efficiency doesn’t mean fewer services. If any of you have spent any time in a government office – and I certainly have been acquainted with several of them, both as Prime Minister and as Minister of Finance – you would see that there is always room to improve efficiency. We can provide the same services, or even better and more services with a more efficient budget. The argument that services must be cut is not true over time because we can become more efficient. The simplest step is to cut out things that can be done over the internet, what can currently be done on the E-Government website. There is a great deal that can be cut and a great deal that can be improved in the services we provide to our citizens.

However, this is not enough, which leads to the second point. It is not enough that what we refer to as “the fat man”, or the public sector, becomes thinner. We also need the thin man below [the business sector] to become more muscular and stronger. There are several steps we can take to do this, but there are two main ones. The first is to continue lowering taxes. We just introduced legislations that would reduce taxes to below 40% for individuals and below 20% for companies by 2016. We can bring the timetable forward if we see that the tax receipts justify it. We have done so in the past and will do so again.

The second item is low interest rates. We have revolutionized credit. There was an enormous credit crunch in 2003. One percent of bank customers received 70% of the credit. The results are obvious, and we had interest rates hovering around 12%, which is really impossible. We made changes, and we must preserve these changes, first by maintaining a responsible fiscal policy that ensures a reasonable interest rate. We must guarantee a continuation of a stable and developed credit market with credit available to the private sector of the Israeli economy.

The third item in addition to improved efficiency in the governmental sector and providing “oxygen”, as it were, to the private sector, is removing obstacles to competition. Here we have enormous space to maneuver, first with regard to transportation. The first obstacle to movement is the obstacle to movement. You literally cannot move. Now, we have made some changes. For example, we made a change in the Public Works Department. The difference can certainly be felt. When you travel on Israel’s roads, you see that the planning stage is faster; there are bulldozers and activity. However, we must increase this. We are going to build a national transportation network, and will publicize the plans soon.

I want you to understand what this really means. Because of the steps we took between 2003 and 2005, soon you will be able to travel between Be’er Sheva and Tel Aviv by train in 40 minutes. When we complete what I refer to as Highway 6 East, Highway 6 will extend northward to Nahariah, but we will also build a road going north-east from the Yokneam Junction, and it will be a fast road. Then one will be able to travel from Rosh Pina to Tel Aviv in about one hour.

What does this mean for Yokneam now? What influence was there in Or Akiva when they had a highway and a junction? You can check for yourselves. What difference does it make? It brings the periphery closer to the center of the country, empowers the residents and suddenly increases the value of their land, their homes and their apartments. It also creates available space for development in an instant. I intend to continue making such improvements in the North, Northeast and even in the Arava.

This opens up the narrow strip between Hadera and Gedera and instantly frees up tracts of land. We do not have large areas of available land in Israel. We are a small country, but within this small country, we have are trapped in a very narrow strip of land.

In order to complete what I call the agrarian revolution, it is not enough to design a national transportation network. We need to develop the land. That is why we passed the first stage in this revolution – the Israel Land Administration Law. This law is important because it increases the supply of land and this in turn is an important component in price, but also in availability of apartments. One of the criticisms of the law was that we were abandoning or giving away State land; taking out of the hands of the State. This is an opportunity to provide you with some data: the percentage of control of State lands in the United States is approximately 30% if I am not mistaken; I’m in the ballpark. In Western European countries, which are regulatory countries with social democratic histories – and some of which are still social democratic – the percentage of State land ownership is approximately 40%.

Before the reform, the State of Israel owned 93% of the land, which, by the way, is quite close to the country with the highest percentage of State-owned land: North Korea owns 100% of their land. So we weren’t North Korea, but we were fairly close – much closer than the developed countries. We reduced the percentage of State-owned land from 93% to 89%. It will take several years, and is considered a slight decrease, but because it is taking place in highly desirable areas, it is important in that it will increase availability and the cost will be reduced, which in turn will provide available apartments for young people, discharged soldiers and people for whom it is difficult to compete, to buy apartments. This is a very welcome change, but let me put it in perspective given the claims that we are abandoning State lands.

Our small country still has a great deal of State land. However, even this reform is not enough. It is not enough to build roads. Now people will look for places to live in Yokneam. Fine, we got to Yokneam. Wait and see how much development will take place there. You have a road; you have land. But something is missing: you need something called a “construction permit”. In order to get the construction permit, you need to pass through the seven sections of hell. Let me assure you, in this the State of Israel is also very similar to North Korea. We are blessed with several tremendous accomplishments: we lead the world in percentage of households with personal computers; we are, I believe, number three in terms of cellular phones per capita; with regard to receiving construction permits, we are 160th in the world. I didn’t check to see if we were ahead of North Korea or behind, but there aren’t that many countries after us.

This is terrible. It isn’t funny because it means that we cannot build here. It is impossible to build, not houses or factories or hotels. It is impossible, simply impossible. It is a terrible process and we intend to change it. Within the next several weeks, we intend to jumpstart the next big, powerful reform in the Planning and Construction Committee. All together, it is a huge reform.

To summarize, there are three components: transportation, land and planning. Together these create the agrarian revolution that will be so helpful in lowering the prices of housing, bringing the periphery closer to the center of the country and increasing growth. In my opinion, taken together, these reforms will provide an increase of 1% to 2% to the GNP. They must only be implemented once and then everything takes care of itself. In other words, these are sources of growth that are independent of what is happening in China or India or the United States. To a great extent, they are detached and are a latent source of internal growth. The 5% growth we experienced between 2003 and 2008 was not connected to this component and we are going to add it in.

We will also help businesses in several respects. We are placed 120th in the world with regard to registering property; we will change this. We are placed approximately 80th with regard to tax-related bureaucracy – not in collecting taxes, but in bureaucracy related to taxes; we will change this. It is very difficult to advance matters through the courts, and this has harmed Israel’s business legitimacy. We will change this by establishing an economic court to improve the efficiency of legal actions tied to business and will allow for specialization.

This was a brief summary of the ongoing revolution in making the public sector more efficient, strengthening the private sector and removing the obstacles to competition. If we continue in this direction, I have no doubt that the State of Israel and its economy will have a bright future. This doesn’t mean that we have problems or that we have escaped the global crisis, but we are working better because we took steps on the three tracks and will continue to do so.

Allow me to thank three people, or at least three parties. First, the Minister of Finance, whom I mentioned at the beginning of my remarks: Yuval, the fact that you managed to plan many of the reforms I outlined here in the first one hundred days and are now busy implementing them was one of the greatest boons to the Israeli economy. The biannual budget was a very interesting idea and creates stability. We may consider continuing on this path in the future as well.

I also want to thank Stanley Fisher, who has shown himself to be an island of stability in an international storm. He has maintained a strong monetary policy, and I think he has enhanced the respect we get from abroad and our reputation.

Finally, I want to thank you, the businesspeople. I especially want to mention the entrepreneurs because your innovation, your momentum and your sparks of genius are what have ultimately launched Israel’s economy to the highest echelons of the world’s economies.
