Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spokestart020809



Following are Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu’s remarks at the start of the weekly Cabinet meeting today:

"I would like to strongly condemn the shocking murders that were perpetrated last night in Tel Aviv. This morning I spoke with Public Security Minister Yitzhak Aharonovitch. I fully back the police in their search to find the murderer. We will bring him to justice and treat him with the utmost severity of the law. I would also like to send my condolences to the families of the victims and my wishes for a quick recovery to the injured.

I would like to take this opportunity to remind all Israelis that ours is a democratic state. We are a nation of law. Ours is a country built on tolerance and we must respect all people as they are.

According to the Hebrew calendar, today is the fourth anniversary of the

disengagement

. Israel uprooted approximately 10,000 Israelis – men, women and children – from their homes. To our regret, Gaza has become a base for Hamas-led, Iranian-sponsored terrorism; thousands of rockets and missiles have been fired at us. Therefore, today, I would like to emphasize five points.

1. We are committed to the full rehabilitation of our uprooted brothers and sisters in order to enable them to rebuild their destroyed lives. The Cabinet will discuss the issue at length next week.

2. We are not prepared to countenance rocket and missile fire of any kind on our cities, neither barrages nor individual firings. All firing will be vigorously responded to.

3. Peace will go back to being based on reciprocity, not unilateralism. In the framework of the peace agreements, Israel expects that the Palestinians will recognize the State of Israel as the national state of the Jewish People, that the problem of the refugees will be resolved outside Israel's borders, that there will be effective security arrangements and demilitarization, with international recognition and guarantees. These are not pre-conditions for the start of a peace process but the basic conditions for establishing a lasting and stable peace. Palestinian moderates should internalize this.

4. Israel is willing to open peace negotiations with the Palestinian Authority, with Syria and any other Arab country without pre-conditions. Whoever sets pre-conditions for opening negotiations delays the peace process. We wholeheartedly support President Obama's regional initiative. In the framework of that initiative, the Arab countries, especially the main Arab states, must contribute with normalization steps towards Israel.

5. Parallel to the diplomatic process, Israel will continue to advance economic peace with the Palestinian Authority by dismantling barriers to traffic, business and tourism. Whoever will be with us in peace - will prosper. I believe that these things have already been recognized during the short months of this Government."