Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/eventangela270809

PM Netanyahu: It’s a pleasure to be here today in Germany, and to meet with Chancellor Angela Merkel. She is a true friend of Israel and a true champion of peace, and she spoke of both in our very open and very friendly meeting.

I know I speak on behalf of my fellow Israelis when I say that I am very proud of the strong relationship between Israel and Germany, and it’s a relationship that I’m committed to strengthening even more in the years ahead, and we have a mechanism in the form of the annual German-Israeli meetings which we’ll gladly take on and bring on these various fields where we can lead the world. Perhaps in searching an alternative form of energy, I don’t mean just solar energy or wind energy, I mean the deep research that has to go for developing alternative fuels, perhaps those based on hydrogen – I think if Israel and Germany apply their talents and their funds, we might do something that is important for our two countries, and important for all of humanity.

So, the Chancellor and I had today a broad discussion on a wide range of international, regional and bilateral issues. The first issue we discussed is Iran. The development of nuclear weapons by the Iranian regime, whose true nature has been exposed in the recent Iranian elections, is something that threatens Israel and threatens the region, and threatens the peace of the world. It’s something that I think concerns us all. Israel expects all responsible members of the international community to address this threat, and I was pleased to hear from Chancellor Merkel that Germany is committed to responsibly addressing this threat. There is not much time. I think that the most important thing that can be put in place are what the U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton called “crippling sanctions”. It is possible to put real pressure, real economic pressure on this regime. If the major powers of the world unite, obviously it would be best if the United States Security Council could put together such a package, but it is possible for the coalition of the willing to do so even without a UN Security Council decision.

We also discussed the peace process with the Palestinians, and I expressed my intention to work towards ending this conflict, and described also what I believe is a winning formula for peace: a demilitarized Palestinian state that recognizes the Jewish state, or as Theodore Herzl called it more than a century ago, “the Judenstat”, the Jewish state. He called it a Jewish state not in the religious sense, although there are religious Jews living in it, but in the sense of Israel, the Jewish state, being the nation-state of the Jewish people. There are non-Jews living there as well, and they enjoy full civil rights, full equal, individual rights as few do in a very, very wide radius in the Middle East.

A peace agreement between us and the Palestinians asks that we recognize the Palestinian state as the nation-state of the Palestinian people, and it must equally ask that the Palestinians recognize Israel as the nation-state of the Jewish people. This is our vision for peace – two peoples living side-by-side, in mutual dignity, in mutual respect, in mutual recognition. I believe that my government has moved rapidly in the last four months to change the reality on the ground so that the possibility of reaching a political peace is strengthened.

I said that we will support all efforts of the Palestinian Authority to fight terror, and also to advance their economy. We have removed 147 roadblocks and checkpoints; there are only 14 left in the territory. We’ve increased the time of passage on the Jordan River bridges. We are removing bureaucratic impediments for economic activity, for the Palestinian society, or rather economy, to thrive. It’s on an upward course. Once we start peace negotiations we should start also economic negotiations to make it go even further. The more prosperity we have, the more rapidly we’ll have peace, and the more strengthened will be the moderates compared to the radicals.

But again, there is no substitute for courage – that is political courage on the Palestinian side. To end the conflict, we need not only Israelis to take the steps that we are taking, and that we will take; we need the Palestinian leadership to take those steps as well, and the first and foremost of which is recognition of the right of the Jewish people to a state of their own. I believe that we have an understanding heart and an understanding mind here. We had the chance to explore some of the issues that I’ve been discussing with Senator Mitchell. We’ll continue our efforts with the United States government to find a bridging formula between the needs that are required to launch or re-launch the political process with the Palestinians, and equally the needs of hundreds of thousands of Israelis to live normal lives, and I believe that with good will, we will find such a bridging formula and re-engage the peace process.

Again, it’s a pleasure to be here in Germany, to reaffirm once again the excellent relationship between us, and also to work together for the betterment of the world and for the establishment of peace. I thank you very much, Chancellor Merkel. Thank you.

Announcer: There will be two questions for each side. First question to the Israeli side, please.

Reporter: The first question is for you, and the second is the Israeli Prime Minister. I’ve been covering now many, many press conferences with three Israeli prime ministers, and many Western leaders, and we keep on hearing that the world is going to impose sanctions on Iran and is going to impose even harder sanctions on Iran. And I wonder, Madam Chancellor, as a brave woman, as a brave leader, if the though doesn’t cross your mind that one day we will wake up and it’s going to be too late, and as those words are only lip-service for the world. And we see that the imposing of sanctions on North Korea didn’t help because tyrannical leaders do not care about their people. If there is no oil or there is no fuel, they take it for themselves, not for the people. And for you, Israeli Prime Minister, I wonder if you appreciate the role that Germany plays on the issue of Gilad Shalit. Thank you.

Chancellor Merkel: Let me say that I have, on a personal note, every understanding for your impatience, but as a politician, as Chancellor of the Federal Republic of Germany, I have to try time and time again to bring about a success, which is an arduous task, which is difficult. I would readily admit that it’s not easy for us either. But if I think of how we can solve the problems, well then I say it means that it cannot be one country alone. For example, sanctions that we, as Germans, would impose, or to the others who think as we do, will not be as effective as if, for example, we try to get China and Russia to be in on this. That is a much longer process, and this is why I am saying we will not be able to allow for a situation where a few countries of the European Union and America are in on this, but we leave China, for example, Russia and other countries outside of this. I think it’s much more effective to have all of us join in, and it’s better to have a positive reaction than a negative one on the table. L’Aquila was so effective because all of the G8 countries decided, also Russia, “Yes, we want to have, as of a certain date, a positive response by the Iranians on the table, otherwise there will be certain measures.” We already have sanctions in place, but we can go further on sanctions, and we’re ready to do that.

I too would have liked to solve those problems yesterday already, but unfortunately there is not that easy solution that we both might wish for. It’s a long and arduous task to bring about this solution, and we live in an international community, where you have a number of countries that are absolutely certain that we must not allow Iran to have a nuclear capability, and it’s very essential to stand together on this. And we do that, and I’m very gratified to know that.

PM Netanyahu: Every time I go abroad or every time a foreign leader or official comes to Israel, I take the opportunity to speak of Gilad Shalit. Today was no exception, and I always appreciate the efforts of well-meaning governments to help us in this regard. And Germany is definitely a well-meaning government.

Reporter: Thomas Nils with the German Public Radio. Mr. Prime Minister, why is it, in your opinion, that almost on a daily base, Western politicians express concern and complain about the not-yet existing Iranian nuclear weapons, but don’t include the existing Israeli ones. Is there any chance, one day, to get a negotiation about a nuclear-free zone in the Middle East, in the whole Middle East? And Madam Chancellor, is there any kind of link between asking for harder sanctions against Iran and the readiness to actually pin down a moratorium on the building of other settlements?

PM Netanyahu: … the first to introduce nuclear weapons to the Middle East, but I suppose the concern with Iran’s patent and overt attempts to introduce such weapons comes out of the fact that Iran is saying that they want to wipe my country off the face of the Earth, and Iran sponsors terrorists from the two Iranian proxies, Hizbullah in Lebanon and Hamas in the South. They’ve fired 10,000 rockets on our cities and towns. So to think that Iran would have these weapons, or could give it to terrorists, should be of concern not only to Israelis, but rightly for Europeans, Americans, a lot of Arabs – a lot more than people can think, because they understand that such a regime is a menace to the peace of the world. It also happens to threaten the existence of my country, and we’re not threatening the existence of anyone.

Chancellor Merkel: The question of nuclear weapons for Iran and the questions of the peace process certainly are linked in a political sense, but I think it would be very wrong to establish a linkage between them. We need to make further progress on this issue. It’s in the interest of the world; it’s in the interest of Israel, in the interest of the Arabs and the Palestinians, and stopping the settlements, the building of further settlements, is I think of crucial importance. There needs to be progress there. This is why I welcome the talks with Mr. Mitchell that took place yesterday. These talks will be continued, and I said that on behalf of the German government, we feel that time is running out now. It’s getting urgent.

On the Iranian nuclear program, the task is to negotiate with Iran on this, and to make it very clear to them that the possession of any nuclear weapon and nuclear device by the Iranians will need to be prevented by us, but we have not established a linkage here.

Reporter: Mr. Prime Minister, on the question of settlements, you’re talking time and again about a kind of bridge that could be established. Does this mean, for example, in the sense that as to people’s ordinary life, you would be satisfied to accept a freeze stopping further settlements, for example, for smaller settlements?

And Madam Chancellor, a question addressed to you: we have just been to Axel-Springer, and to the office building there. You probably know that the Prime Minister has received plans from the Auschwitz camp. We’ve been hearing analogies between the National-Socialist era and their threats of annihilation against the Jewish people, and a comparison to the present-day threats leveled by the Iranian leadership. What do you think about these analogies? What does Germany think overall on this as regards this issue?

PM Netanyahu: Well, in this context whatever you may hear about any sort of rumors, they are without any basis. There are efforts to reduce discrepancies. We want to bring the peace process forward. We want to lead a normal life, but the fact that what you said about decisions that were taken – this is simply not true. Allow me if I may as regards the second part of your question – I will say something that where I don’t see an analogy. Do you know what the very real difference is between what Iran is doing today and what happened then during the National-Socialist time? Today, we have a Jewish state. Today, we’re in a situation where we can defend ourselves. There may be bigger differences, but this is the biggest difference as I see it.

Chancellor Merkel: Obviously, I heard about this, and the Prime Minister also told me about the fact that when you were at the Axel Springer publishing house, you were receiving these plans. There is also a survivor, I understand, as a member of your delegation, Prime Minister, of the Holocaust. I think this was a very moving ceremony, this handing-over of those documents, and let me say that I’m deeply moved as well. I think it was a very important part of your program, was it not Prime Minister?

So, I’m not trying to compare. I’m not making analogies, because indeed history has changed completely. The Holocaust is the singular responsibility of the Germans. The Germans were the ones who were pursuing in a systematic way the annihilation of the Jewish people, planned it and implemented it in the form of the Holocaust. This is an everlasting, an eternal responsibility of our country, and part of a basic tenet of our policy, of our raison d’être as we put it, is to defend Israel always, and this is a responsibility incumbent upon my generation, coming out of another very terrible result in the past, and that is why we feel so responsible now also as regards Iran. Because Israel’s security is time and again put into question, and we as friends of Israel have to stand shoulder to shoulder with them, and have a particular kind of responsibility in this respect.

And it is a very special kind of responsibility, because of our history but there’s still no analogy here.

PM Netanyahu: Madam Chancellor, thank you for that very clear expression of the historical commitment of Germany and of yourself. You’re quite right – I was deeply moved today at the handing over of the documents of Auschwitz and Birkenau by the Springer Foundation. I was perhaps uncharacteristically speechless so I rambled on, but I wanted to give an expression to that today by calling my colleague, whom you mentioned, General Peled, who is now a minister in our government. I want to introduce to the German press General Peled, now Minister Peled. His mother spent 1944 in Bunk No. 10 in Birkenau, the Mengele cell, and he himself was saved because he was given to a Christian family in Antwerp, and he was raised there as a Christian boy until the age of eight. After the establishment of the State, the survivors of his family brought him to the State of Israel where he became one of our most celebrated generals, and now we’re very proud to have him in our government.

This is the story of the rebirth of the Jewish people. Perhaps what has changed is not so much that in every generation there are those who rise to destroy us. What has changed after thousands of years is that the Jewish people can defend themselves. And I’m very proud to be able to visit Berlin, to listen to the forthright, clear-cut and moral statements made by Chancellor Merkel, but also to come here as the prime minister of the independent state of the Jewish people with my colleagues who have come out of the ashes.

Reporter: Allow me if I may to come back to current political issues. I have a question on the attitude of the Federal Government as regards building of settlements. You talked about a stop – does that mean that the Federal Government has changed its position in so far as the argument that there is a certain amount of natural growth to the settlements, which was an argument put forward by the Israeli side over the past few years time and again, is no longer accepted? And a question addressed to you both – you today discussed at great length the peace process? Do you believe, as many people think, that until September one may have achieved sufficient progress to resume peace talks?

Chancellor Merkel: Well, Mr. Sharlak, as to the details, what does stop of building further settlements mean? These details are very complicated, but that is exactly what is on the table in talks with Mr. Mitchell in the framework of the Israeli-American dialogue. As I feel it, there must be a substantial change without myself being in a position now to say what sort of floor ought to added or not. I just wanted to warn against giving up the chance of actually building a safe state for Israel, for the future by not coming to an agreement of the settlement issues. This is why we talked about all of this, and obviously as regards to time frame, the autumn is a very important time, because this window of opportunity will not remain open indefinitely.

The Prime Minister assured me that he is hard at work, his government is hard at work on this, and I said on our behalf, that I think it is of essential importance that this window of opportunity is used, that this building of settlements is of crucial importance to the prospects of the peace process, and on this basis, one may actually be able to re-launch this peace process. When you’ve been in politics for some time, you know that there have been, time and again, attempts at re-launching it, so too much optimism certainly will be questioned. But we need to make further progress. The possibilities are, I believe, there. There is work done on this, and Germany will show a constructive support, but will sometimes also nudge you along in the right direction, because I think it is really important that we come to a two-state solution, which I think is the only sensible, the only reasonable alternative to the present-day situation.

PM Netanyahu: I hope that the time frame of a month or two we can re-launch negotiations. If it were up to me, it would have been done already four months ago, because I was prepared and am prepared to meet the Palestinian Authority leadership without preconditions, and just get on with it. I think that is actually a very good suggestion, let’s just get on with it. We have a big job to fend off the radicals and to move peace forward for those who are interested in peace, and we’re certainly prepared to do that job.

Chancellor Merkel: Thank you very much.
