Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/speechbengurion231109



David Ben-Gurion was a great leader of the Jewish people. The legendary image of him reading Israel's Declaration of Independence and pronouncing the establishment of the State of Israel – fulfilling our ancient dream – is etched in our memories and engraved in history. As the first Prime Minister of the State of Israel, Ben-Gurion paved the way forward, laying the foundations for our newly created state.

Like other leaders forged by the burden of responsibility and crises, political struggles and the clash between principles and interests, Ben-Gurion was not perfect. He made mistakes and had human weaknesses. But all his shortcomings pale in comparison to the dramatic and fateful decisions he made during the transition from the Holocaust to the rebirth of the Jewish people:

His decision to declare our independence at precisely that unique and historic moment, despite the obvious dangers, when other patriots and Zionists were reluctant to do so; His brilliant direction of political and military strategy during the War of Independence; His courageous and determined declaration of Jewish Jerusalem as the capital of the State of Israel, even as the world demanded that the city be internationalized; His immediate authorization of mass immigration – from the East and the West – to the young and relatively poor country; His setting the bar for the Chosen People as a moral nation aspiring for scientific and cultural excellence and for peace, but also standing firm on its right to self-defense, a right denied to our people for generations. For that very reason, he created and then strengthened the IDF, safeguarding the State of Israel through a series of bold and inspired decisions which still influence us today and will continue to impact upon us in the years to come.

Ben-Gurion worked tirelessly to achieve these goals. But he never forgot the spiritual side of the equation. He understood very clearly that the Bible is the foundation of our national life and instructed that every Jewish child be educated in its teachings. Like him, I believe that young and old should be encouraged to engage in Bible study. This is the cornerstone of our very existence.

And Ben-Gurion had other ideals too. We are gathered here in this place today because of his vision to develop the Negev. Here, just a short distance from the “shack” where he lived with his wife Paula, just steps from the shed where worked, he called everyone to come and settle the Negev – leading by personal example.

Let's be honest: Ben-Gurion’s vision of a blooming Negev has yet to be achieved. Much has been accomplished, but there is much more still to do. We have to guarantee that the trickle of development plans turns into a flood, a river of investment and a revolution in transportation infrastructure.

The State of Israel has lots of spirit, but is actually quite small. In fact, it's one of the smallest countries in the world. It's simply unjustifiable that it takes hours to get here. It's unjustifiable that the south and the north of Israel, the Negev and the Galilee, are so detached from the center of the country. We are already moving to change this, and will continue to do so over the next few years.

I share Ben-Gurion’s vision of developing the Negev. And we will update it for the 21st century – with highways and trains, available and accessible land, solar energy and technology – and above all else, economic incentives for young people who are willing and able to settle here, to come build their families and earn a decent living.

And there are two more ideas that we share enthusiastically. Ben-Gurion founded the IDF as an "army of the people", despite calls to create an ideological military. This has long been a foregone conclusion, but today we have to reiterate: there are no ideological factions in the IDF. There is no external chain of command. And there is no room for disobedience. We will fight disobedience with all the means at our disposal. I believe deeply that this is essential for the survival of our people. We have only one IDF and one command structure. This is how it has always been, and this is how it will remain.

The second idea that Ben-Gurion advanced, and that we have adopted is the “iron wall”. Jabotinsky espoused it and Ben-Gurion implemented it. And today we understand that our existence – and peace with our neighbors – can be secured only by way of our national strength, our preparedness and our ability to defend ourselves. Ultimately, everything rests on security. And our security will depend upon our spirit, the spirit of the young men and women who visit this site as privates and swear their allegiance to the State of Israel. This is what allows us all to be here today, and what will guarantee our future and our ability to overcome the threats facing us.

I want to conclude with a quote from Ben-Gurion, one that I consider a Golden Rule for any prime minister of Israel, as the person responsible for guiding the country and its fate, who sincerely wishes for peace, prosperity and tranquility. These simple words of truth obligate me as well:

“Nothing is more important, precious or sacred to me than the security of the State of Israel. And if I am forced to choose between the loftiest ideals and Israel’s security, I will choose Israel’s security unhesitatingly. Not because I don't believe in ideals, but because the dead cannot praise G-d” (Psalms 115:17).

May the memory of David Ben-Gurion be blessed.