Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/speechgalil131009

You can test a person's commitment to something by what he or she does. This is also a pretty good indicator of what one likes to do. If someone tells you “I really hate flying”, but they fly all the time, you know that they like to fly. And if someone tells you “I love the Galilee”, but rarely visits there, they don't really love it that much. But if they do visit the Galilee often, then they must really love it.

I have been Prime Minister for six months, and have taken six days of vacation since taking office. Our first trip was to the eastern Galilee and the upper Galilee, north to Tiberias and Tel-Hatzor. On our second trip, we visited the tunnels and caves on Mount Carmel. The Carmel tunnels are a breathtaking sight. What man was able to accomplish hundreds of thousands and even millions of years ago, we are still struggling to achieve now. And just a few days ago, we visited the beautiful Bahai Gardens in Acre, Rosh Hanikra and the heart-wrenching museum at Kibbutz Lohamei HaGettaot.

I love the Galilee and I am devoted to it. On the many occasions when I have visited the Galilee, I have recalled Herzl’s vivid description of the time when he looked out over Tiberias and the nearby mountainside and said: “At least it's like Europe.” He said that over one hundred years ago, but it still isn’t true to the extent that we would like to see.

Significant progress has taken place, but not yet to the extent of what he envisioned, what I envision or what, I believe, you all envision. The question is why.

I will give you one, irrelevant excuse: a lack of planning. But it is not because of a lack of plans – there have been an enormous number of plans. Governments have come and gone, and set things in motion. So what is delaying progress? We need a precise diagnosis of the problem if we are going to solve it, and we need to remove obstacles if there is going to be a solution.

There are three obstacles delaying the development of the Galilee, and bureaucracy is the first. This doesn't just apply to the development of the Galilee, but to the entire State of Israel. The second obstacle is money, and the third is leadership.

Let me start with the simplest matter: roads. People need a way to get to the Galilee. For there to be traffic, the movement of people, merchandise and tourists, we need transportation. But you have to navigate an excruciating maze of bureaucracy to build roads in the State of Israel The same goes for trains. There is a plan for a train in the Jezreel Valley. I know because I created the budget for it. Money is the final obstacle. We are taking on the bureaucracy. From here, Transport Minister Yisrael Katz and I are going to the “Movil” Junction, one of the country’s most precious assets, to examine the work first-hand. We are simply going to hack away at this mountain of bureaucracy because there is no other way. This means convening urgent meetings personally, because nothing else works in our system. The Director-General of the Prime Minister’s Office, together with all the relevant ministers – the Finance Minister, the Transport Minister, Minister Silvan Shalom – and all the other ministers, are going to hack away at this bureaucracy.

Building a train takes money. So do roads. Whose money? Maybe from entrepreneurs, but the government usually funds, at least, the basic infrastructure. In 2004, at the height of the crisis, we tripled the budget for trains. We didn’t double it; we tripled it. And I’ll remind you, we didn’t increase the budget but we actually shrunk it. In other words, we made a real commitment to developing infrastructure, and it certainly didn’t make us popular in some quarters.

We set our priorities. We need trains. Where do we need trains? First and foremost, to the Galilee. Sami Bar-Lev just handed me a note: “At the Galilee Convention in Karmiel four years ago when you were Finance Minister, you said that there would be no more periphery in Israel. You laid out your vision of roads, highways, interchanges and trains.” I’m censoring this part: “Someone thought otherwise, and you resigned your post after just a few months”.

That’s true, but I’m back in the job now and we’re going to do this. How can we guarantee it? Because we’re talking about a transportation program that will be spread out over a few years, we want to guarantee that it happens, even beyond the term of this government; after all, we’re talking about a very large amount of money. These are very large amounts, but the country can manage it if we spread it out over a few years. No matter what, we are going to need transportation routes going both north and south. We can’t stay stuck in a traffic jam between Hadera and Gedera.

So where will the money come from? The money will come in two ways: first will be the kind of contract we are devising that will also obligate future governments. I won’t elaborate, but I’ve already given you a clue. We’re going to take a hammer and nail this because we aren’t going give in. I won’t allow the money we’ve started to invest to be stopped this time. And I’m very serious about this. We’re not talking. We’re acting.

Of course, the second ingredient is self-development. Taking one step at a time and accelerating progress. We’re moving to the next stage. You’ll see what will happen next – and the progress that comes to Yokneam. And after Yokneam, you’ll see progress all the way up the road. That will start bringing in money.

So we have action to fight bureaucracy and to adjust long-term budgets, and I also said leadership. We’re going to do three quick things with bureaucracy. We’ve already done one of them: reforming the Israel Land Administration. The massive reform of the Israel Land Administration will make more land available, but still keep 89% of it in public hands. Making more land available for construction will creates more housing at affordable prices. This is the next reform we’re going to legislate during the upcoming Knesset session.

I’m talking about the reform in the Planning and Construction Committees. There’s nobody who hasn’t experienced this or who doesn’t know someone who has. It’s a nightmare. Israel is almost in last place: there are a few countries behind us, but no other developed ones. We are in 120th place for the amount of time it takes to get a building permit. We are 160th when it comes to registering property. It’s absurd. It holds our economy back and inhibits the further development of the Galilee and the Negev. We’re going to change this.

The third thing I mentioned is roads and trains. We’re going to create the “North Fork” going north from Yokneam on Highway 6 to Nahariya, and north-east, through and a series of interchanges, up to Kiryat Shmona. We’ll have two highways and roads connecting them, revolutionizing the whole Galilee.

You need to appreciate the impact of these three things combined. Which of them is the most strongest? I hear the debate about this, and I have a very clear point of view. I used to be in the business world and it’s very simple. The strongest engine for growth in the Galilee is the price of housing in Dan area. Young people who can’t afford to live there, or buy an apartment the size of a bathtub near Petah Tikva, can buy a private home right here in this fantastic place.

They’ll do it if they can get here and progress will follow in the footsteps of development. Prices will go up gradually like they did in Or Akiva. Or Akiva is suddenly attractive, Yokneam is attractive and the “Movil” Junction will be attractive too. Things will move forward one step at a time. We have a very small country. It’s completely ridiculous for it there to be a periphery, for it to take hours to get from the relatively close north to the center of the country. The same goes for the south, the Arava and the suburbs of Beersheba. We’re going to put an end to this farce.

We’re going to overhaul the road and train infrastructure. There was already a train in the Jezreel Valley when the Turks were here. It’s time for a simple, fast train to get people here. You’ll see the change within the four years. It’ll be faster than expected, but the market is started to realize that this is going to happen. And the more intuitive ones realized it even earlier because they know we are ready to take apart the bureaucracy, secure funding and, of course, to put the full force of government behind this venture.

We’re going to reorder national priorities, work to close the gaps between Jewish and non-Jewish communities in the Galilee and put most of the Galilee and the Negev on the new map. We’re going to set up new neighborhoods that – together with the other cities and towns of the Galilee – will be home to a large chunk of our population.

Housing Minister Attias tells me there are entire communities, young couples and others, even from among the ultra-Orthodox community, who are interested in coming to the Galilee. This is important. We want to attract young people to come here. The government is going to sponsor scholarships to attract them. Not only will we open centers of higher education for the people who come here, but we’ll also build accessible roads, make land and homes available and make it easy and fast for them to get to jobs in the center of the country.

They’ll work and live here, and spur other changes. There is already demand for cultural activities, and both the market and the Government are responding. New communities are sprouting up here overnight. It’s entirely feasible development and will continue to be that way. It will also bring businesses like Tefen, Stef Wertheimer’s masterpiece, and what we’ve seen at Kibbutz Sasa, where they manufacture protective armor for vehicles.Look at what’s happening with wine in the Galilee. New vineyards are sprouting up. Anything is possible here and anything can take root here. Development here will be different from anything we’ve imagined. Most people think it will be slow and cumulative, but growth here will be exponential. When you lay and combine the basic foundations of transportation, land, planning, budgets and leadership and synchronize priorities, and when everything comes together at once, you suddenly create an engine for rapid growth. The pace of growth increases.

This is going to happen in the Galilee. The Galilee has everything to be Israel’s up-and-coming area of tomorrow. We’ll develop other areas, but the Galilee has unique advantages: a spectacular view, breathtaking archaeology and sites that form the cradle of Christianity – creating enormous potential for tourism. It has the will, the ability and the best people.

We’re going to make these changes together. We know what we need to do and we will do it. It won’t take long, with G-d’s help. Herzl’s vision will become a reality and the Galilee will bloom and prosper more than ever. We’ll see each other again at next year’s convention and I want us to revisit these words in the years to come. I’m being recorded and filmed. We are committed to the progress of the Galilee and we will bring results.

Thank you very much.
