Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/speechsde010909



Greetings,

Our energetic Minister of Education, Gideon Saar, who together with our government and with my full backing, is carrying out a genuine transformation of education in Israel, of Zionism, excellence and zero tolerance for violence. This is a transformation which we will complete with the help of the Almighty,and with your help.

My Friend, Member of Knesset, Otniel Schneller, an alumnus of this institution,

Director-General of the Prime Minister’s Office, Mr. Eyal Gabay, who has already visited here,

Director of the Rural Education Division, Dr. Yechiel Shiloh,

Head of the Emek Hama’ayanot Regional Council, Yoram Krin,

Head of the neighboring Jordan Valley Regional Council, David Elhiani,

Secretary-General of the Religious Kibbutz Movement, Nechemia Rappel,

School Principal Kinley,

Teachers and Pupils,

“Let there be no dew nor rain upon you”, said King David in his lamentation over Saul and Jonathan. Look at the Gilboa. There are forests and green fields – Sde Trumot and Sde Eliyahu, and many flourishing communities. At the time of that lamentation was uttered, we had been defeated by the Philistines, and were forced to preserve our dignity by sneaking behind the walls of Beit Shean. We underwent enormous changes, and after more than one thousand years, we gradually lost our hold on this place. We were exiled from our land, and the rest is history.

We are here today to transmit the message of how we returned to this place. Our people were like leaves blowing in the wind. I was in Berlin last week, and I saw the terrible price we paid for being defenseless, for lacking the ability to defend ourselves and determine our own fate. How did we return to this place? We returned here because we mobilized our national strength, our strength of faith and ability to act. We returned to our land, our homeland, and established our state here. The State of Israel is the secret of our existence, and the State of Israel’s secret of existence is the Israel Defense Forces. This is what preserves the dynasty of the Jewish people’s existence today. Therefore, we gather to express our appreciation to those who enlist in the IDF, and to an institution that encourages enlistment, a matter of extreme importance for our people’s existence.

I know that the rate of enlistment to combat units in particular, and to the IDF as a whole is very high. I also saw the impressive results of the matriculation exams, although they were slightly lower. I propose closing the gap, but upwards. Aim higher and higher. We believe in you. We see the education that you receive: about values, about Zionism and love of the land and the people, and about our Jewish heritage. These are fundamental and important matters. According to Maimonides, excellence and success in a profession, so that a person can support himself, and help himself and society, are also important. But first and foremost, our existence and our uniqueness are a result of the restoration of our independence and our defensive capability. At times, this restoration exacts a heavy and painful toll.

I remember my visit here twelve years ago when Nadav of blessed memory, fell. I see his mother here today. Bridget, I want to tell you that we remember Nadav, and we know your pain. We are proud of the fact that we have sons like him to watch over our homeland. We will continue to raise our children based on the wonderful example provided by Nadav and your family.

We know that it takes time to get here and we are going to reduce that time a great deal. The fact that you will be able to get here more quickly will make a big change for those living here. We will make this possible by adding roads and trains. Wait and see what happens here. I promise you that many people will come to live in this wonderful place and in the surrounding area, so that the Gilboa region, the Beit Shean valley, the city of Beit Shean and the kibbutzim and communities around us continue to flourish.

Congratulations to you all, and thank you.