Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spokeround060809



Prime Minister Netanyahu yesterday convened the joint Government, business sector and third sector roundtable, for the first time since forming his Government. He was briefed on the roundtable's activities to date in aiding the third sector in light of the economic crisis and on third sector activities during Operation Cast Lead.

Prime Minister Netanyahu was also briefed on international initiatives related to voluntarism and on global voluntarism rates. He called for a significant increase in voluntarism in Israeli society and for serious consideration to be given to other nations' reforms vis-à-vis voluntarism. He asked that several models be considered and that those who initiated such reforms to be invited to Israel so that their efforts might be studied more closely. The Prime Minister noted that voluntarism rates in Israel lag behind those in various countries and called – inter alia – for the haredi and minorities sectors to be involved in any efforts to boost voluntarism in Israel.

Prime Minister Netanyahu said that he believed in expanded cooperation on concrete projects between the Government and the third sector and commended cooperation between businesses, the Government and social organizations. He called for the establishment of a committee to oversee a reduction in unnecessary regulation on non-profit associations.

Prime Minister's Office Director-General Eyal Gabai commended the convening of the roundtable and discussed various issues on the agenda such as the NIS 200 million Government fund to assist non-profit associations and voluntarism in Israeli society.

The roundtable is the national platform for Government, business sector and third sector dialogue. It operates under the aegis of the Prime Minister's Office, with assistance of Sheatufim – The Israeli Center for Civil Society. The roundtable was established by the Government's 24.2.08 decision and has 30 members from the three sectors.