Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spokestart011009



Following are Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's remarks at the start of the Cabinet meeting today:

"In the next 24 hours, a vote will take place in Geneva in the framework of the council known as the United Nations Human Rights Council. I remind you that in recent years, this council has made more decisions against Israel than against all other 180 counties in the world.

Today, if it should decide to forward what is known as

the Goldstone report

, it will strike a severe blow to three things:

First of all, it will strike a severe blow to the war against terrorism since it will afford total legitimization to terrorists who fire upon civilians and who hide behind civilians. To those who – from international platforms, and using international law – attack and condemn the victim who legitimately defends himself, this is a mortal blow to the war on terrorism.

Secondly, it will strike a mortal blow to the stature of the United Nations. It will return it to its darkest days, in which it could make the most absurd decisions, which would empty it of all substance and significance.

Thirdly, and perhaps the most immediate and obvious of all, forwarding the decision of what is known as the Goldstone report, would strike a fatal blow to the peace process. Because Israel will no longer be able to take additional steps and take risks for peace if its right to self-defense is denied.

Now, the decision on whether to forward this report which will impair both the struggle against terrorism and stature of the United Nations, and strike a mortal blow to the peace process, is a decision of those same 50 countries which are now convening in Geneva. I hope that a majority will show equanimity. We have no confidence in this; usually there is an automatic majority against us. But if there is such a majority, this severe blow will be avoided, and if there is no such majority, the responsibility will be on those countries that lacked balance."