Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spokestart130909



"Along with all of Israel, I was concerned upon hearing last night that President Shimon Peres had taken ill. I phoned him immediately and told him on behalf of myself, my wife and the entire country that we hope he will feel better. I also spoke with him this morning. He sounded as excellent as always. Of course, it is impossible to stop Shimon. He spoke with me about what he plans to tell envoy Mitchell. I told him that aside from meeting Mitchell, he should rest a bit because I believe that every Israeli is genuinely concerned for our President. I am certain that I speak for every member of the Government when I say that we wish him good health and continued productive activity on behalf of the State of Israel.

Last Friday, Katyusha missiles were fired from Lebanese territory at the western Galilee. We view this with utmost gravity. I have said that we will not hold back in the face of firing at Israeli territory and we will not countenance any missiles or other kind of terrorism directed at Israeli citizens. Alongside IDF artillery fire, we submitted a complaint to the UN Security Council over a violation of the ceasefire specified by

UNSC Resolution #1701

. It is clear that this firing was from south of the Litani River, in complete contravention of #1701. In the end, it is the Lebanese government that is responsible for upholding the ceasefire and we view it as responsible for any violations and aggression directed at us from Lebanese territory.

In parallel with this aggression, unfortunately not just in this area, we are working to defend ourselves vis-à-vis both security and in international forums. We are continuing our efforts to advance peace. Today, I will leave for Egypt, for a meeting with President Mubarak on diplomatic and security issues. Afterwards, I will meet with American envoy [former] Senator George Mitchell in order to advance the talks and the diplomatic process with the Palestinians. There is still work to do. We have made progress on certain items; there are also certain items on which we have yet to make progress. I hope that we will succeed in reducing the gaps; maybe we will bridge them, so that we can move the process forward. From our point-of-view, there are no delays to this. It is not we who are placing obstacles against entering into a diplomatic process. From our point-of-view, this could be done tomorrow, even yesterday."

Prime Minister Netanyahu also commended Deputy Minister in the Prime Minister's Office, Gila Gamliel, and Prime Minister's Office Director-General, Eyal Gabai, for their work in promoting a proposal – which the Cabinet is due to approve today – for one year's free tuition for discharged soldiers and national service graduates who study in the periphery. The Prime Minister noted that Deputy Minister Gamliel was unable to be present since she is due to give birth and wished her well.