Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/speechter280409



Honorable President, Mr. Shimon Peres,

Speaker of the Knesset, Mr. Reuven Rivlin,

Honorable President of the Supreme Court, Justice Dorit Beinish,

Bereaved Families,

Honorable Chief Rabbis, Rabbi Shlomo Moshe Amar and Chief Rabbi Yona Metzger,

Minister Herzog and Members of Knesset,

Chief of the General Staff, Lt. Gen Gabi Ashkenazi,

Israel Police Commissioner, Dudi Cohen,

IDF Commanders,

Israel Police Officers,

Head of the Diplomatic Staff,

Mayor of Jerusalem, Mr. Nir Barkat

Distinguished Guests,

On this day of unity and commemoration, we cherish the memory of the upstanding citizens of Israel, infants and the elderly, children and youth, men and women who were murdered with premeditated evil intent by contemptible and heartless enemies, simply because they were Israelis and Jews.

Cruel terror is not a new phenomenon. It has accompanied the Zionist enterprise from its conception and always stems from unfathomable hatred; from the abhorrent aspiration to break the spirit of the renewed Jewish Community in the State of Israel during the years of "the burgeoning state" and the spirit of the State of Israel from its inception to this day.

Every wave of terror came up against the wall of the people of Israel's will and vitality. There have been many victims: the pure of soul and the innocent, passersby, pupils during their school day, bus passengers, those dining in restaurants and coffee-shops – all of whom were helpless citizens going about their daily routine, who were perceived as easy targets for indiscriminate slaughter by murderous terrorists who were not averse to harming them.

The pain at their murders is all-encompassing and heart-breaking. But the people of Israel has grit its teeth, clenched its fist and its spirit has not broken. Israeli society has shown enormous strength and resilience even under a continuous stream of mass terror attacks, attacks which have not befallen any other people or nation. Terror has been an utter failure from beginning to end.

Terror is a war crime - the indiscriminate murder of innocent citizens. Not only does the objective of terror not sanctify the means which it chooses, the choice of these means shows us the terrorists' true objectives. Whoever crushes a baby's skull does not desire human rights. Whoever blows up a bus full of children does not desire peace. If the terrorists were to succeed, they would do to all the citizens of Israel what they already did to some of them. Therefore, we have no alternative but to fight terror to the bitter end and to defend ourselves. We have acted in this manner and will continue to do so. Therefore terror has not achieved any purpose, bar that of murder for murder's sake, and has only brought disaster to those in whose name and for whose sake, seemingly it was carried out against us.

The State of Israel, through the IDF and its security forces, has struck back proportionately. It has done so decisively and with perseverance, with courage and ingenuity, while displaying ethics of warfare unrivaled in other armies and other countries.

The Israeli people aspire to peace. Peace has always been our aspiration and will continue to be so but we will never relinquish our right to security, and will never permit our enemies to establish a terror base in the heart of our country, because today, terror is more dangerous than ever before. It poses the most serious threat to world peace. It is backed by terror states and by an extreme Islamist regime which strives to acquire nuclear weapons and openly calls for our destruction.

The State of Israel is at the forefront of the world's fight against the terror threat. Israel has the strength to defend itself, but we expect greater international determination in confronting the common danger we share. History has taught us the price of appeasement of bloodthirsty anti-Semitic tyrannies, which is a lesson that we will never forget.

Dear Families,

Today, the State of Israel lovingly embraces, with a sense of shared destiny, those whom the grief accompanies throughout the whole year like a gloomy shadow. On this day, all of us, all the people of Israel, are one bereaved family.

Even when we approach the start of Independence Day, the memory of Remembrance Day will not be erased from our hearts; we will not forget that the blessing of freedom and sovereignty was acquired at a heavy price; every day of the year and particularly on this day, we will cherish and appreciate this place, our good and national home, the State of Israel.

As is the Israeli custom, I will conclude with a prayer, that "the Lord may console you and that you may be comforted by Jerusalem!" May the souls of your loved ones, the victims of terror and acts of hostility, be bound up in the lives of our nation forever. May their memories be blessed.