Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/speechherzel291009



Today is a day of remembrance for Yitzhak Rabin: a prime minister, minister of defense, commander of the Six-Day War, a warrior and a man of peace, a symbol of the integrity of Israel’s fighters.

In his moving s peech on Mount Scopus at the end of the Six-Day War, then-Chief-of-Staff Yitzhak Rabin said:

“Our soldiers have prevailed not because of brute force, but because of their awareness of a higher purpose, their recognition of the justice of our cause, their profound love for our homeland and their acceptance of their difficult task – to ensure the existence of our homeland and the Jewish people’s right to live here in freedom, independence, peace and tranquility – even at the cost of their own lives.”

These sentences may be short and succinct, but they still hold true today for the soldiers of the IDF. They also characterized Yitzhak Rabin’s personality and thinking throughout his entire life – duty, responsibility, justice and morality.

That’s right, morality. The IDF’s sense of morality stands as its unshakeable cornerstone. No honest person can doubt this. This has been, and will always be the beacon that lights our way.

The fact that Yitzhak Rabin embodied all these values so completely and genuinely has compounded our great sense of loss when he was so brutally murdered.

This is why the anniversary of Yitzhak Rabin’s death commemorates a national wound, a wound painfully and shamefully carved in our nation.

Though we are a people with a long memory, we tend to forget the disagreements that divided us at fateful junctures in our history.

What is etched even stronger in our national memory is the uncompromising power of the argument itself, of the attitude that one’s own view is the only correct view.

When people are absolutely confident in their own rectitude, when they believe that their opinion is the only one that will save the country and that the “other” opinion will bring destruction – the danger of destruction looms.

We must avoid the attitude that “my view is the best,” that “only I can know the truth,” that “I am the only sane one.” The truth is always more diverse and complex. It is almost never just black and white.

Friends,

I don’t expect us to agree on everything. We each have our own unique opinions. Each of us believes that his or her opinion is right. It’s only natural. We all have the right to fight for our beliefs peacefully. That is how things should be. This is democracy at its finest.

But I believe that our path must be built on mutual persuasion, on cultured and fair debate, on the understanding that every opinion forms a small piece of the unique mosaic that is the State of Israel.

And so I repeat Yitzhak Rabin’s words to the Jewish Federations of North America in 1994:

“This is a time of difficult internal conflict and of stormy debate. But it is important that we know that no matter what the final decision, we all share a genuine love of Israel and let us never forget the ancient maxim – all Jews are responsible for one another. We never forget, not even for an instant, that no matter whether one is for or against the steps we are taking – we are all brothers; we are all Jews; and we all share the same fate.”

Our greatest mission is to unite our nation around the values and actions that will ensure our future. And we will do this through persuasion, achieving the broadest national consensus possible, and – when the moment comes – with a democratic decision, not a murderer’s bullet.

May Leah and Yitzhak’s memory be blessed.