Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/spokestart181009



Following are excerpts from Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's remarks at the start of the weekly Cabinet meeting today:

"I would like to express deep pain and shock over the horrifying murder of the members of the Oshrenko family. I am convinced that I speak for the entire public. I have asked Public Security Minister Yitzhak Aharonovitch to update me on the progress of the investigation into solving this terrible act. On behalf of the entire Cabinet, I would also like to convey my condolences to the family members and to Tourism Minister Stas Misezhnikov, whom I spoke with last night about this awful deed.

Today, the Cabinet will be briefed on the problems and challenges – and their solutions – facing higher education in Israel. There are problems but there are also solutions, and there are many achievements. I would like to commend the 280,000 students, as well as the academic staff and the employees, who are starting the academic year today at our colleges and universities.

Education Minister Gideon Saar, I am pleased that we have succeeded in opening the academic year without strikes or arguments, in the quiet atmosphere necessary for conducive to higher education. There was agreement among all elements – the academic staff, the universities and the Government – and it is not coincidental. It is the fruit of specific policy and also stems from the package deal for the economy that we are trying to reach among all the various elements, in order to move forward on the economy, education and other issues.

Environmental protection is also one of the issues that we would like to move forward on today. Minister Gilad Erdan will brief us and I would like to make it clear that dealing with protecting the environment is not only important in and of itself, so that we may breathe cleaner air and drink cleaner water and raise our children under healthier conditions. It is also important because it is an engine for great economic growth in the 21st century. This is in regard to the production of clean alternate energy, and we intend to present very specific plans soon for bringing about change on a global scale. We may or may not succeed but if we succeed – we will change the world. Water desalination, sophisticated agriculture, anti-desertification and global warming are also important issues. We are dealing with all this and we will also be briefed today on the Government's preliminary plans to promote these important issues."

Prime Minister Netanyahu also noted that NIS 45 million will be added to the national service budget.