Source: https://www.gov.il/en/pages/speechkvish200709



My friend, the energetic Minister of Transportation, Israel Katz,

Distinguished Guests,

Investors,

Administrators and Planners,

Executors,

All those who worked on this project, including the former Chief of General Staff, the late Moshe Levy – I know his wife is here,

Everyone else, those who spoke here before me, as well as the ministers and prime ministers who supported this project and promoted it.

Bringing the periphery closer is not just a slogan, it is happening here and now, and it is essential.

I am not revealing any secrets to you by saying that I love to travel in the Galilee, and usually my family and I leave Jerusalem on Highway 6. We drive and pass the Ben Shemen Junction, Qesem Junction; all the junctions that we passed by on such a quick, clean and pleasant drive, and then you reach Iron and stop in the largest traffic jam in Israel.

If one wants to travel northeast to the Galilee, one can do so, but if a truck is stuck up ahead, one must drive at a snail’s pace if one can advance at all. What would have taken less than an hour at a high speed on one of the more advanced roads in the world moves at the pace of a buggy, a horse-drawn carriage – one simply is stuck in traffic.

This traffic jam is an economic jam; it is a social jam; it is a jam that leaves the periphery in the periphery. It does not allow couples in the center of the countryto buy an apartment or a house with amazing views in the Galilee.

We have a genuinely beautiful country; I have said a wonderful country. It is still true, it remains wonderful, but it is harder to get to and from the periphery from the center of the country. We are changing things when we forge these new roads and allow the citizens of Israel, demobilized soldiers, couples, residents of the Galilee and the Negev to connect to the center and the center to connect to them. All at once, we are ushering in a social, demographic and economic revolution.

Bringing the periphery closer is happening here; it is happening now and will in the future as well. I travelled on the new section of the road between Iron to Ein Tut with the Minister of Transportation and other friends and I must tell you that we had a bit of time now before the ceremony that I thought we should take advantage of, and I consulted with the Minister of Transportation, with Alex Viznitzer, Chairman of the National Roads Company, and with the Director General of the Prime Minister’s Office, Eyal Gabay. We are going to complete the section from Ein Tut to Yokneam and from there, there will be two new highways to the north. The Derech Eretz Company will build Highway 6 to Nahariah, and the Public Works Department will build a highway with interchanges to Kiryat Shmonah. We are connecting the Galilee to the center of the country.

That is our plan. You know that I am a partner in this project and have been urging it forward with all my strength ever since my first tenure as prime minister. We are going to do this. This change will be accompanied by several other steps. It will be accompanied by the passing of the Israel Lands Authority Law – I hope tonight or tomorrow – which will open up the possibility for young couples, citizens of Israel in the north and the south, to buy land across the country.

The other step we are taking is a reform of the Planning and Construction Committee. The process takes too much time and is too complicated; we want to cut this red tape and make it simpler.

And of course rail transportation to reconnect the north and the south, and allow for fast transit. I am not the first to talk about rapid transportation and land reform.

Israel [Katz, Minister of Transportation], you read the words of the great American president, Franklin D. Roosevelt. I want to go further back and read the words of Benjamin Ze’ev Herzl from his book “The Jewish State”, in which he describes the country that will be established, and then he writes:

“In accordance with a preconceived plan, they will construct roads, bridges, and build their own dwellings; their labor will create trade, trade will create markets and markets will attract new settlers, for every man will go voluntarily, at his own expense and his own risk.”

This is exactly what we are doing. We are realizing the dream of the State visionary, Herzl. We are connecting the country through the “Cross-Israel Highway”; we are building the country and we are bringing the periphery closer to the center.

Thank you for the work you have done, and may it continue.